1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and "
FRANCIS E. EADEN—MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions to report back the House
bill to continue the pension to Francis E. Baden,
and ask for its present consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
It will continue for five years, from January 1,
1855, the pension granted by the act approved
March 2, 1853, for the relief of Francis E. Baden.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
-And he it further enacted, That Congress does hereby
disapprove and disaffirm the act of the Legislative Assembly
of tlie Territory of Minnes6ta entitled " An act to incorpo-
rate ilie Tiausit Railroad Company,"approved by the Gov-
ernor of the said Territory on the 4tU March, 1854, and the
said act is hereby declared null and void, and of no effect.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope that will not be
done. It will require the bill that I have reported
to go back to the House of Representatives, and
it will never be passed there.
Mr. PEARCE. I am well assured that if the
bill goes back with that amendment it will be
passed beyond all question.
Mr. JONE
J ES, of Iowa. The Committee on Ter-
ritories have unanimously agreed upon a recom-
mendation against that proposition contained in a
joint resolution which has come from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. PEARCE. That resolution has passed
the House of Representatives and come to the
Senate. The object of it is to prevent the opera-
tion of certain transactions which took place at the
last session of Congress. The Senate will recollect
that a House bill was changed in its language—
the word "and" being substituted for "or."
They will recollect the excitement which grew out
of it, and all the proceedings which followed. I
understand that in spite of the repeal of the act
which granted the eight hundred and fifty-eight
thousand acres of land to the Territory of Minne-
sota, the railroad company, which was constituted
the day after that act was signed by the President,
claims this land as a vested right, because it was
constituted before the period limited in the act.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is one which pro-
poses to continue a pension; the afaendment, the
Chair thinks, is not in order.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to say that a bill
granting a pension was precisely the bill to which,
last year, I moved the amendment which I then
offered for the repeal of the act granting the very
lands which arem question; and a large majority
of the Senate determined that it was in order.
The PRESIDENT. That may have been; but
had the present occupant been then in the chair
he would have decided it out of order.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I take an appeal.
Mr. MALLORY. This pension is for a very
aged and indigent pensioner—a lady—who stands
much in need of her pension; and I hope that how-
ever just the amendment may be, the honorable
Senator from Maryland will attach it to some
other bill.
Mr. PEARCE.' If it passes this body with
that amendmentit will not be lost in the House.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides the
amendmentto be out of order on accountof mcon-
gruousness, and its not being germane to the sub-
ject-matter of the bill. From that decision the
Senator from Maryland takes an appeal.
Mr. COOPER. I suppose, of course, that ques-
tion is open to debate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot restrict
the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I ask if the appeal is not to
be decided without debate?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; the appeal is
open to debate.
Mr. COOPER. The subject-matter of the
amendment.was before the Committee on Terri- I
tories, and an elaborate report, which was well |
considered, and which received the assent of every I
member who was present, was prepared—and I j
believe the whole committee, certainly a majority,
were present. If I can have the attention of the
Senate for a moment, 1 will state the facts in rela-
tion to the resolution of the House which is offered
here as an amendment. In the first place, however,
I shall content myself, until the appeal is decided,
with stating the action of the committee upon it.
The resolution which is now proposed as an
amendment by my honorable friend from Mary-
land came from the House of Representatives,
and was referred to the Committee on Territories.
The committee examined it carefully, and have
agreed upon an elaborate report recommending
that it be negatived. Thatreport, as I have stated,
was unanimous, and I trust that a measure of so
much importance to the Territory of Minnesota
will not be passed through by being attached to a
bill of this kind, and at this late hour of the session.
If it is expected that it will pass without a thorough
investigation, all I would say is that I shall not
only ask for the reading of the report, but that I
shall undertake to defend every argument and prin-
ciple contained in it. I merely state this in order
that if this pension bill is a meritorious one, it may
not be burdened with the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. MASON. I understand thattheChair has
decided the amendment to be irrelevant or incon-
gruous. I want to understand the proposition.
The PRESIDENT. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions leported a bill to continue a
certain pension. The Senator from Maryland
proposes to amend it by repealing an act granting
a railroad charter to a certain company in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota. The Chair decides that the
amendment is clearly out of order on the ground
of incongruousness and not being germane to the
subject under consideration.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say, before the
Senate votes upon the appeal, that there is nothing
new in this practice. Not only did the occupant
of the chair at the last session admit such amend-
ments/is this to be in order, although incongruous,
but the Senate, upon an appeal, decided, by a vote
of thirty-odd to ten, that it was in order, and such
has been the practice of the Senate and House of
Representatives fcr a very long course of years.
Incongruity, of itself, does not constitute a breach
of order. Nothing is more cqmmon than to make
such amendments. We pass, every day of the
session, bills that have incongruous provisions
and which relate to subjects not kindred to each
other, not in the slightest degree alike; but,
because incongruous, they are not to be consid-
ered out of order. We have no rule here, at all
events, which excludes them. But I cannot con-
tinue this discussion. It is evident that my voice
will not permit it. I must leave it to other gentle-
men.
Mr. WELLER. If I understand the rules of
the Senate there is none which^prevents the re-
ception of an amendment because of inc'ongruity.
There is a rule of that character in the Llouse of
Representatives. I believe the uniform practice
of the Senate has been to receive an amendment
although it does not assimilate itself to the bill
which is before the body. I shall, therefore, vote
for the amendment, because I think it ought to
pass, and that, with me, is reason enough. I
always vote for a measure that I think just, no
matter how presented; but I think it is no viola-
tion of the practice of the Senate to receive this
amendment.
Mr. MASON. If I recollect aright, at the last
session of Congress a bill passed the House of
Representatives to reach the same end proposed
to be reached now by this amendment. It came
to the Senate at the very close of the session.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] if I
remember aright, objected to its being considered,
and in that way would have prevented its passage.
The Senator from Maryland, who now offers this
amendment, in order to attain the end of the
House of Representatives, to remedy what was
alleged to be a fraud—whether it was fraud or not
I am not well informed—overcame that objection
by ingrafting it upon a private bill, and in that
form It passed. If it was right then, I suppose
it is right now.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, it is insisted
that the custom of the Senate is to put any two or
three things together, no matter how incongruous
they are. I think that declaration will hardly bear
an examination in connection with the history of
the Senate. It depends altogether upon the desire
of the Senate. If the Senate desires to do a thing
in violation of its rules, and in violation of parlia-
mentary law, like most other legislative bodies,
they pass on and do it. If they desire not to do a
thing, then there ia no difficulty in finding either a
rule of the Senate or some rule of parliamentary-
law to prevent it. But upon this occasion I am
willing to base the decision of the Choir, and to
seek, so far as my ability will permit me, to sus-
tain it upon the principles of parliamentary law;
for there is not a rule of the Senate, there is no
principle of parliamentary law better settled, than
that you cannot move an amendment which is
incongruous to the subject to which you move it.
I think at this point I might very well say, that
the legislation of the country would be better car-
ried forward, it would be more consistently done,
there would be less difficulty in finding out, by an
examination of our statute-books, what we had
done, if we adhered to the parliamentary law.
At the last session of Congress, when the case
occurred which has" just been cited by the honor-
able Senator fromVirginia.it was admitted by the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
that lt.was in violation of all parliamentary law,
and that he was prepared to violate all parlia-
mentary law to carry out the purpose of it. That
was his declaration. But, sir, I beg leave to
suggest—and 1 do it with great respect to the
Senate and to the Chair, and, if possible, with a
still greater respect for the business of the session
at this late hour of the night—that if we shall
adhere, for the few remaining hours of the session,'
to the rules of parliamentary law, we shall prob-
ably very much better dispose of the business. A
very slight inspection of the manual will sustain
every word that 1 have said in relation to the
irrelevancy of the amendment; and I think it is
important that the decision of the Chair, when
correct, whould be sustained. I think the Senate
owe that respect to the decisions of the Chair; I
may be allowed to say that I think they owe that
measure of respect to themselves.
It is remarked by the Senator from Virginia
that.he has a very great desire to effect the object
of this amendment; and he does not seem to indi-
cate that he is very particular as to the manner in
which he accomplishes that object. Sir, if there
beany one thing which, in my judgment, is more '
important than another, at this time, it is to pre-
vent the object of this amendment. It is not to be
denied, because it is written in the book of his-
tory, that a very large portion of the last session
of this honorable body was spent in sustaining
the doctrine that the pe'ople of a Territory should
legislate upon their domestic affairs in their own
way. That is the doctrine that the late elections
have been carried upon. It is the doctrine which
is maintained to-day by the Democratic party of
this Union, if it is true to itself; and not only by
the Democratic party, but by almost every honor-
able member of the Senate who belongs to the
other party. *We declared that the people of a
Territory had the right to legislate in respect to
their domestic affairs, in their own way, subject
to the Constitution of the United States only. I
do not know, Mr. President, that it is very mate-
rial to me, I do not know that it is very material
to the people I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent, to sustain that doctrine. I do not know that
I should particularly object, if the present Senate,
after passing the act that was passed last year, in
respect to Nebraska and Kansas, now deliberately
overturn their own work; but I do think that aa
they make their bed they will be compelled to lie
in it.
Mr. COOPER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to refer to a case in reference t.o the ruling
of the Chair which took place last session ? A
bill was introduced, I think, on the motion of
the Senator from New York. 1 occupied the chair
at the moment. An amendment was proposed, I
think, by the Senator from Massachusetts. The
Senator from Virginia, if my memory serves me
right, made the point that theamendment proposed
was not in order. I ruled the amendment out,
and I was sustained by the Senate.
Mr. STUART. There is no more doubt that
the Chair is correct in his ruling than there is that
he is at this moment occupying the chair. - If the
question of correctness is to be determined by the
parliamentary law, that which, in the absence of
rules, governs every legislative body, I have not
made this remark any too strong. I have stated,
in a few words, what was the declaration of the
congress of the United States, in the Kansas and
Nebraska act, in respect to the right of the people
of the lerntories to govern themselves upon every
domestic question.
