1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
of propriety of action for us, not a question of
order as to whether the proposition should be en-
tertained or not. As 1 have said, I think that a
far more important question than the question of
whether this amendment ought to be adopted or
not, because it goes to the control of the Senate
over the prosecution of the business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will state the question. The Senate
was considering a bill extending a pension to a
person therein earned. To that bill the Senator
from Maryland moved,as an amendment, another
bill disapproving a certain act of the Territorial
Legislature of Minnesota. The permanent Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate ruled that amendment
out of order. From that ruling of the Chair the
Senator from Maryland took an appeal. The
question upon that appeal is now pending. The
direct question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BADGER. Will the Chair be good
enough to inform the Senate upon what grounds
it was ruled out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair is unable to decide what
reasons controlled the President of the Senate in
that decision.
Mr. BAYARD. On this question of order,
without expressing any opinion on the merits of
the amendment, it seems to me a very simple
proposition. There is no rule of the Senate which
prescribes that incongruity shall make an amend-
ment out of order. It seems to be founded upon
parliamentary practice, if it has any foundation
at all; and if you will take parliamentary rules,
probably you will find that that is a rule of par-
liamentary practice m genera!; but, Mr. President,
the practice of the Senate of the United States
must, after all, govern all relations of that kind,
in the absence of written rules. Since 1 have been
in the Senate—a very limited time—i think I have
scarcely ever seen a bill pass which, if this doc-
trine of incongruity had been applied, would not
have rejected the amendments offered to it. I think
the proper limitation is, that incongruity, under a
specific rule of the Senate, ought to be an objec-
tion to an amendment; but in the absence of any
such rule, under the practice of the Senate, I con-
fess I cannot bring my mind to say that any
amendment whatever can be ruled out of order on
the ground of incongruity.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to make a very brief
statement of the facts of this case. As the merits
of the whole question have been discussed I feel
called upon to do so; and it seems to me that after
those facts have been presented, there will hardly
be any persistence on the part of the friends of
the measure which is proposed as an amendment
to the bill ur.der consideration.
in March last the Territory of Minnesota passed
alaw incorporating a railroad company, conferring
upon it theordinary privileges which are conferred
upon such companies. On the 29th of June last,
some three months afterwards, Congress made
an appropriation of land, in the territory of Min-
nesota, to that company. Immediately after the
passage of the act making the appropriation, and
in consequence of it, the corporators met, and, in ;
pursuance of the act of the Assembly of the 4ih of >
March, formed the company. They elected offi- j
cers, and subscribed over $1,000,000 for the pur- i
pose of making the load. On that subscription ;
an installment of ten per centum was paid, and j
paid before the act of repeal of the 4th of August j
took place. To that the Senator from Virginia, j
in the remarks which he has submitted to the I
Senate, did not refer; but yet it is a very import- j
ant fact. Afterwards, as I have stated, on the '
4th of Aujuet Congress passed an act repealing j
the act of June 29, in consequence of some irregn- j
larity which took place in relation to the bill, but
about which Minnesota had no concern, with
which it was connected in no degree whatever.
It was the mere substitution of the word "and"
for "or." A committee ofinvestigation was raised
by the House to inquire in what manner the change
had been made, and both the majority and the
minority reported that there was rioihin? fraudu-
lent on the part of any of those who had taken part
in the transaction. Therefore, the assertion of
fraud so liberally made by the Senator from Vir-
ginia has no foundation in the facts of the case.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will under-
stand that I made no charges of fraud.
Mr. COOPER. You spoke of it as a fraudu-
lent transaction.
Mr. MASON. I say that the House, as we
learn historically, at the last session repealed the
grant because it was alleged that there had been
improper dealing with the legislation of Congress,
but that of the facts I knew nothing.
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator had first re-
marked in the same way that he does now, I
should not have referred to that part of the sub-
ject; but, Mr. President, what I wiah to say is,
that both the majority and minority of the com-
mittee exonerated the parties connected with the
transaction—that is, with changing the word from
"and" to "or" with any fraudulent purpose or
design. Now, how does the case stand? The
honorable Senator tells yon that this proposition
is to vindicate the purity of legislation. Is there
anything impure alleged in relation to the legisla-
tion of Minnesota, or anything impure even in
relation to the legislation of Congress? Congress
intended to grant the land to Minnesota. The
land was granted. The act was afterwards re-
pealed. Whether that repeal is valid and consti-
tutional is a question not for this tribunal, but for
another, before which it is now pending. Now,
are we to punish Minnesota for an act which was
committed by others entirely beyond her control?
There are ne  grievous charges alleged against
Minnesota, and yet a stranger to our doings here
would have believed that she had been guilty of
some grievous offense against propriety.
The Senator tells you that Minnesota had a bill
for the payment of her public officers attached to
a pension bill. Minnesota had no such thing done.
Some Senator, or member of the House, had the
amendment made perhaps without her knowledge.
I presume it was my friend, the able chairman of
the Committee on Territories [Mr. Douglas] who
had it done; because it was part of his duty as
chairman of the committee to have it done. Min-
nesota was not to blame.
Now, Mr. President, are we, after a year has
elapsed, to do this? I admit that we have the
power to disapprove of her act—an act which she
has repeated during the present winter twice over,
by her Legislature first passing a law in strict con-
formity to the act of March 4, 1854, and when it
was vetoed by the Governor, then passing it over
his head by the constitutional majority; and after
that a majority memorialized Congress and asked
them to forbear to touch the legislation of the Ter-
ritory. Yet, the Senator from Virginia, forgetting
the memorial of the majority tells you that there
is memoriat of the minority, and asks you to take
it without reference to that of the majority.
Let us go a step further. Having organized a
company in pursuance of the act of incorporation
of March 4th, the company went to work, located
the road, gave out contracts, bought provisions,
made all necessary arrangements for going on with
the work. They went upon the public lands,
which had been the property of the United States,
but which, by the act of June 29, were granted to
the Territory of Minnesota, and cut timb?r. The
district attorney, in pursuance to his instructions,
being at a distance from the seat of Government,
commenced a suit against them for trespassing
upon the public lands. That suit was first tried
in the county in which the alleged trespass had
been committed. A judgment was rendered in
favor of the defendants, and against the United
States. The United States appealed from that
decision. The case was carried into the supreme
court by appeal or writ of error, I do not know
which. It was there argued for the United States
by the district attorney, with the aid of assistant
counsel. The judgment of the court below was
affirmed. From that, an appeal was taken to-the
Supreme Court of the United States, where the
case is now pending, the question arising being
whether the act of the 4th of August last, repeal-
ing the grant, after the subscription had been
made, and the money paid, was valid and consti-
tutional or not?
The Senator from Virginia tells you that, with-
out notice, the district attorney commenced this
suit. Heavers most positively, and that testimony
was before the committee, that he immediately
transmitted to the Attorney General of the United
States intelligence of the "fact that he had com-
menced it. But if he had not done so, the instruc-
tions addressed to all the district attorneys of the
country require them to commence proceedings
when trespasses are committed upon the lands of
the United States. This being one of the enumer-
ated cases, over which the direction operates, he
commenced the suit, and transmitted intelligence
of it afterwards. That was done, sir.
Another fact has been stated here, of which the
committee had no cognizance whatever, and that
is, that the district attorney was removed because
he had commenced the suit. 1 do not know how
that is. Perhaps the Senator from Virginia has
better information on that subject than the com-
miitee had. It seems to roe it would have been a
strange ground for removal if it had been acted on.
Mr. MASON. I saw the correspondence in the
public journals of the day. I presumed that the
Senator saw it also 
Mr. COOPER. Stating that he was removed
on that account ? No, sir.
Mr. MASON. Stating that he was removed
because he allowed that suit to be brought in the
name of the United States without informing the
Government.
Mr. COOPER. I think there must be some
mistake about that, for he did not allow the suit
I to be brought; he brought it himself as it was
' his duty to do, as I have shown it was by his
instructions.
Sir, this power to repeal, or disapprove of, acts
of the Territorial Legislature, it is true, is incorpor-
ated in the original territorial act. It has been incor-
porated in many territorial acts; but when was it
ever exercised ? It is a power that has not been
used for many years to my knowledge; and no
case in which it was used within the last dozen,
perhaps the last twenty years, was brought to
the notice of the committee. And, Mr. President,
there is another thing. Congress has passed its
time. There is no time fixed, it is true, when Con-
gress must disapprove of an act, but undoubledly
it ought to be speedily. Common sense teaches
that it will not do that a territorial act shall be dis-
approved after important rights havegrown up and
become vested under it, and thus be divested at a
subsequent period by the operation of an act of
Congress disapproving it. Congress had notice
of this measure early last year and acted upon it.
It had it before it. It is referred to in several re-
ports of the session; and in one case they legis-
lated in reference to one provision of this very bill,
the provision contained in tlfeninth section. There-
fore, sir, it virtually passed upon it and approved
it; and shall it now, after having done so, turn
about and disapprove it? This is a fact of great
importance, and, in this connection, ought to be re-
marked by those who desire to vote understand-
ing! y upon it; Congress has had the subject before
it and virtually approved the bill, by legislating
upon it.
But, again, will you disapprove it without
showing some cause why it should be disap-
proved? Are you to strike in the dark because
Congress committed some blunder in its legislation,
or some impropriety in regard to an act which it
passed ? Are you to turn round for this reason and
attack the Territory in its vita! interests, by dis-
approving its legislation, againstwhich nothinghas
been urged, against which, I say, nothing can be
urged ? You must judge from the face of the act,
as the committee did.
But it is said the House passed'this resolution.
How did they pass it? it was introduced, the
previous question was called when there were a
dozen members on their feet to oppose it, and
it was pasbed without discussion, and without
knowledge, therefore, on the part of a great major-
ity of the House. But that was not the case here,
it went to a committee. That committee gave
labor and examination to it, and unanimously
agreed that it would be ira iroper to disapprove
the act of the Territory against whose legislators,
or the legislation thereof, no objection had been
urged.
Now, Mr. President, having made this state-
ment, I trust to the justice of the Senate to vote
down the amendment of my honorable friend from
Maryland. It ia not often I differ from him. I
am sorry to differ from him now. I rrust dis-
trust my own judgment when i do differ from
him; but I think I have given a more attentive
examination to this question than he has done,
and that fortifies me a little.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not rise to debate the tech-
nicalities of the rules of the Senate; for I will ac-
knowledge, perhaps to my great disadvantage,
