1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
that I have never read them, and I have no idea
that 1 ever should read them, if I were to remain
here to the age of Methusaleh. But I rise to vin-
dicate the truth of history, in reference to a remark
made by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase.] I
am not going to deny that his remark is strictly
and technically true—that is, that he moved the
striking out of that provision which was in the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, when it was reported
to the Senate, retaining the supervision of their
Jaws here; but I wiil remind that Senator, and the
Senate, and the country, that I was the first who
suggested it. On the 20th of February of last
year, 1 made a speech, at very considerable length,
upon the bill, in which it will be found, if any
Senator has the curiosity to know the history of
this matter, that there, for the first time, I pub-
licly avowed that I should, if no other Senator did,
move to strike out that provision, because I was
in favor of leaving that most delicate of all legisla-
tive questions to the Territory itself, as I was in
favor of leaving all other less delicate and less im-
portant questions. The record will bear me evi-
dence as to what I say—that I first suggested the
striking out of that piovision.
Now, Mr. President, the truth of history is
vindicated as to who first moved in the matter.
The Senator, when the bill was up, possibly did,
probably he did, if he says so, make the motion
formally, though I had given notice that I should
make it days and weeks before.
As to the order, or want of order, of this prop-
osition, I am not prepared to say, for the reason
that 1 have assigned; but lam prepared to say
that, as a matter of principle, and adherence to
our last year's settled policy, 1 am opposed to the
amendment. I do not pretend to say that, if 1
were a member of the Minnesota'Legislature, or
a citizen of that Territory, I should not be in favor
of the repeal of that law. It is altogether likely
J should be. So, fir, if I were a citizen of Kansas
or Nebraska, I should, beyond question, be op-
posed to the introduction of slavery; but 1 have
advocated, and maintained, and have so voted
here, that even that question, of all others, per-
haps, that we might exercise authority upon,
should be left to the people of the Territory. Mr.
President, theSenator from Maryland, who offered
this amendment, the Senator from Virginia, who
most warmly advocates it, I would remind you
and them, were Jast year the worm, the consist-
ent, and the unyielding advocates of leaving all
that power to the Territories. When the question
of liberty or slavery, the most important and most
exciting question that has ever distracted or agi-
tated legislative bodies, was underdiscussion,both
those Senators were in favor of leaving if, not to
an old, a lor.g establifhed, a permanently fixed
Territory, bur to a new one just to be rolled into
fxiatence; ami I most coidially then, as f do now,
indorsed that policy; but when the minor question
should I not hold thai in such a minor and incon-
siderable question as the disposition of a few acres
of land, a few mountain oaks, or valley oaks, a
few rocks, or a few material** for the construction
of a railroad, the legislation shall be left to them ?
j I have nothing to say as to whether this prop-
< osition is in order or out of order, for I have said
; I am no parliamentarian. I have endeavored to
| seek after higher motives, higher objects, than the
j mere quibbles of rules—forms, I will not say it,
, for there are some gentleman here who stickle and
adhere to them; but Ethan Allen once, in a court
of justice in your State, sir, (Mr. Foot in the
chair,) when remonstrated with for wearing his
epaulets and sword in the court, and advised that
it was out of order, stripping himself and laying
them off, turned round very significantly to the
court, saying that, the court having said it was
merely for form's sake, he would comply, but
; that forms were made for fools. So far, then, as
; these forms of legislation are concerned, I care
i nothing about them; the principle involved is the
! important point. The policy heretofore, until
] recently, has been to reserve to Congress the right
! to supervise all legislative action of the Territo-
| ries—a power, I admit that we cannot divest our-
j selves of, and that we may exercise if we see fit.
i Our action m the premises will be obligatory upon
i theTerritory. Now,let meadviseaflSenators who
. have an interest m maintaining the right of the
Territories to legislate for themselves upon any
- subject, to carry out consistently their views, and
; say that they shall have power to legislate upon
; all domestic questions. I grant you that if they
! had passed a law declaring wm* against any inde-
' pendent nation, we t.houkl then not only have the
j right, but it would be our duty to ruipprcss them
; at once arid repeal any such declaration. So,
I when they undertake to interfere with anything
: th.it is national, or that propei ly and appropriately
J belongs to us, that which the States, under the
Constitution, could not interfere with, we ought
to control them, and I trust we ever shall control
1 them. Let me aak the Senator from Virginia, and
I ask all southern Senators especially who feel an
| interest in this matter, when next year, as you
j anticipate, the question will -be presented in both
j Houses of Congress to repeal a certain provision
; of the Nebraska bill, and to prohibit, by direct
I action, the existence of slavery there, what will
i be their argument? It will be, aci it has been,
I that there is no power to do it at all.
J Mr. MASON. If that time comes, when there
j is a proposition to repeal so much of that act as
j to restore the Missouri line, the Senator from
| Virginia, if-then present, will be silent.
Mr. PF/fTIT. I regret to hear it. I had hoped
I that the warning voice and vthe potential influence .
of that Senator would he thrown against any such j
measure. Mine would be, I know. Much, sir,
as I deprecate the extension of slavery, ardently j
of the disposition to this company, or to that com- i! as I would labor, if a ci'izen of th« Territory, to
party, of a few trees, of n few rocks, (if a few acres prevent its extension there, yet, ay a Senator or
of land, comes up, then the Senators are the first
to object to it, the first to demand, and the first
fiercely to urjre, that we shall interfere with the
domestic legislation of the Territories. Let me
say to them, and to those who advocate this mea-
sure, that the time is coming when another and
more important proposition for the contiolof your
Territorial Legislatures and laws, will be presented
for their consideration, and when that shall come
up, 1 beg that they will obliterate from the record
the speeches and the motion they have made to-
night, that they may not be read in their teeth, and
to their Hush.
I shall not detain the Senate, as I might, upon
this subject; but it is well known to the Senate
and to the country, that upon the mere question
of power 1 entertain no doubt. In making the
remark that I did, m the speech on the 20th of
February of last year, I conveyed to the fullest
extent, and I rea ?serted all that I said in the House
years ago, in reference to our entire power over
the Territories. It will be remembered that the
distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
and myself had a very considerable contest over
that question. He holds that the power does not
exist. I hold that it does exist, if we saw fit to
c-ccrcise the extreme and neplusultra power in our
bs\nds, but that it ought not to be exercised; and
when \ hold that it ought not to be exercised upon
the highest, the most important question that can
be submitted to us, or to the Territories, why
I Representative here, I would not interfere with the
' rights of the people. In my own State, wherever
| I reside, my voice is against the extension of ela-
j very. That subject, however, I have discussed
j enough heretofore; but I warn Senators, again and
! again, not to set a precedent here, in so trifling a
| matter, in reversing the act of the Tenitorial Le-
I gislature, to have it hurled in their teeth, and pre-
sented to them hour after hour, day after day,
and time after time. I wtn going to refer to the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] but! believe he
and I depart fiom here soon, end the place that
now knows us will probably know us no more
forever; but there are other Senators with the same
proclivities who will be left here. The bills are
on your tables already to reinstate the Missouri
compromise. Thousands of petitions have been
sent here, and bills have been introduced, to pro-
hibit slavery by act of Congress in all the Terri-
tories. Suppose such a proposition is taken up;
one Senator from the South wiii say such a bill
cannot pass; the venerable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] will say there is no power
to pass it; the Senator from Michigan [Mr.Cass]
will reiterate his doctrine again, that no power
exists: Senators agreeing v/uh my views wiil grant
that the power in extreme cases may be exercised,
but that prudcnce, reason, and analogy to the
rights of the States, forbid that it should be exer-
cised. But how will you answer the Senators hold-
ing the reverse position, seeing that, in a question
of human freedom and liberty, you leave it to a
neophyte society, an unorganized territory, where
squatters, where rabble, where everybody, with-
out law and without order, may get together ana
determine it; but in a settled, a fixed, an old 1 er-
ritory, that the Legislature shall not have the power
even to dispose of trees, and sticks, and a few-
acres of land? Sir, it is a bad policy; and I warn
Senators against any such attempt, it will meet
them, and rise before them ever after, and haunt
them worse than Banquo's ghost. Withdraw
your objection. Let the resolution of the House
be defeated, as it ought to be defeated. Leave the
question to the Territorial Legislature; leave to the
Supreme Court here the question of the validity
and efficiency of their enactment. I donot pretend
to say whether the bill which they have passed is
proper or not, whether, as a legislator or citizen of
the Territory,! would indorse it or not; but I pro-
test not only against interference from this Gov-
ernment with territorial action in large and im-
portant matters, but in small ones, too. Sir, I
have detained the Senate too long already.^
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the discussion has
arisen on this question more, perhaps, from not
having carefully read the very able and lucid re-
port made by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cooper,] from the Committee on Territo-
ries, than from any other cause. I believe if that
report had been clearly understood, if the facts
had been weighed carefully, there would have
been no doubt as to the propnety of rejecting the
motion of the Senator from Maryland; in fact, I
do not believe that motion- would have been made.
The facts are these: In March, 1853, when there
was no probability of a grant of land being made
by Congress for railroads in the Ten itory of Min-
nesota, some capitalists, or speculators, as the
caso may have been, applied to that Legislature
for certain railroad charters, and procured five m
number. Among them were one or two granting
to the companies, in advance, all lands which
Congress should thereafter grant in aid of rail-
roads in the Territory. When the Territorial
Legislature assembled the next year, they found
that the Seriate of the United Stales had passed a
bill making a grant of land to theTerritory, which
was likely to pass the House of Representatives
and become a law. In view of this anticipated
grant, a new company was chartered by the Le-
gislature for the purpose of making the railroad
provided for in the bill before Congress.
Now, sir, if you ajrree to the proposition of the
Senator from Maryland disapproving the charier
named in the amendment, you thereby revive and
put in force a company one year older, and award
the land to that company, when nobody ever
intended they should have it. It is not a question,
sir, whether or not this company shall have the
land ? It is a contest between two railroad com-
panies in Minnesota; one incorporated in March,
1853, and the other in March, 1854, each charter
having a clause providing that they might take
any land that Congress should thereafter gran?..
Jf you leave it as a judicial question to the courts
to determine, they will decide whether the one
company or the other shall have the grant, or
whether either of them is entitled to it. What
interest have the United States in following this
question into theTerritory, and in terfering between
two rival railroad companies ? You first made the
grant of land, and then repealed it. Since that a
suit has been brought to determine the validity of
the repealing act. if that repealing act was valid
—and that question is now pending before the-
Supreme Court of the United States—in that case
neither company will get the land. Suppose it ia
not valid; then the grant is good to the Territory;
and it is for the Territory to say whether the com-
pany of 1853 or that of 1854 shall have it. What
interest have the United States in interfering be-
tween these companies? The Minnesota Legis-
lature awarded it to the company in 1854. This
session they have memorialized us not to interfere
with them. Why should we interfere, and thus
legislate the lands out of the possession of the com-
pany the people of Minnesota wish to give it to,
and into the hands of a band of speculators whom
nobody in Minnesota ever intended should have
U. I tell you the agents of that first company
are here now pressing on this movement, profess-
ing that it is to vindicate the purity of legislation,
when their sole object is to pocket the'gratu, in
the event you will remove out of their way the
