1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
boys. But, sir, I am astonished at the Senator
from Ylrgima. I reciprocate all he has said about
the kindness which ought to exist between mem-
bers of this little family; but I do not see on what
ground he objects to paying these little boys extra
compensation when he stands here and advocates
with all his zeal, and power, and majesty, the
paying of extra compensation to others. What
is the difference between extra compensation to
Commodore Perry and to a page ?
Mr. MASON. I cannot inform the Senator, I
am sure.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator does
not know, nor does any man know. He cannot
inform me, nor can anybody elseinform me. You
employ Commodore Perry as an officer of this
Government, and you send him to discharge the
duties of his office. He discharged them with
ability and with honor. He comes back, and you
agree to pay him an extra allowance of $20,000.
You employ these little pages at a salary, as you
employ Commodore Perry. They perform their
duties faithfully and honestly, and at the end of
the session a proposition is made to give them
extra allowance, and the Senator from Virginia is
horrified at it!
I do not think the principle is right. I am not
for paying the pages this extra allowance, and,
upon the same principle, I am opposed to paying
Commodore Perry, Mr. Schenck, Mr. Pendleton,
Mr. Marsh, and every other officer of the Gov-
ernment, extra allowance for performing his duty.
If it is just in one case, it is just in the other. If
it is just to pay a commodore, or a minister, it is
just to pay the humblest servant of the Govern-
ment an extra allowance.
Now, sir, if your salaries are not large enough,
make them large enough, and stop these extra
allowances. At every session we come here with
a provision for additional compensation at the
close. Why not act fairly and openly? Why
not fix the pay of these persons so that the world
may see and understand it? If their pay is not
enough, make it enough; but if you intend to
commit a fraud on the country say so. But you
B*y you give them two dollars a day,' and at the
end of the session you vote an extra allowance of
$200. Why not give them at once four dollars a
day,or three dollars a day,or whatever will ma''e
that amount which is necessary to compensate
them for their services ?
I have not been here long, and I shall not be
here very much longer; but since I have been here
I have seen a great many strange things. I have
seen among others extra allowances, paying men
outside of their contract. Why should you pay
Mr. Pendleton, or Mr. Scher.ck, or Mr. Marsh,
or Commodore Perry, or anybody else, more than
you agree to pay ? If it is because they have dis-
charged their duties faithfully, then pay us and
pay all other faithful officers of the Government
an extra allowance; pay your Supreme Judges,
and every man who has been faithful, extra com-
pensation. Unless you establish that principle, I
do not know how you are to equalize this matter.
I am opposed to the whole system from beginning
to end; but if it is to begin with the big ones and
stop at the small ones, I shall take up the small
ones and go with them.
Mr. BADGER. I think this discussion is taking
a wider range than is warranted by the subject
itself. As I understand the resolution of my friend
from Florida, it is simply, by this means, for this
session, to put our boys on a footing with the boys
of the House. Now, I submit that our boys are
as good boys as those of the House.
Mr. PETTIT. And another thing, allow me
to suggest, they are all the sons of widows.
Mr. BADGER. I submit, also, that this body
is a body of as much respectability as the House,
to say nothing more; and I am for putting our
boys on the same footing with the boys of the
House. That is the whole question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not desire to make a
speech, but I wish to ask theSenatorfrom Florida
how much these boys receive.
Mr. MORTON. I really do not recollect, but
I believe it is two dollars a day. That, however,
is a matter of perfect indifference so far as this
question is concerned.
Mr. JOHNSON. Two dollars and forty cents
a day, I understand, is thepay they now receive.
That is considered very good pay for hard labor
by a man of full growth.
Mr. MASON. Double pay.
Mr. WELLER. Not in California.
Mr. JOHNSON. It may not be m California,
and I do not care whether it is or not, but I know
that it is here. I believe the Senator from Vir-
ginia is entirely right in saying that the joint res-
olution regulating and increasing the salaries of
our officers was passed on the presumption that it
was to be an end of this whole matter. I desire
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact, that
now, at the rate of pay these pages receive, $2 40,
there is such a rush on our-proper officers and the
members of the body to procure these places, as
to render it exceedingly disagreeable. The pay is
either enough or it is not. Anybody who will say
that $2 40 a day is not enough for the services of
these boys, ought to vote to give more; but those
who believe that it is sufficient, and that the in-
creased allowance of twenty per cent, was made
with the view of putting a stop to these extra
compensations, will vote against the resolution.
Certainly it seems to me to be proper to stop the
matter here, and not get up a glorification over
doing something for the boys. If gentlemen wish
to give gratuities to widows, let them fix it on
some other principle. If they wish to give gratui-
ties to the boys, let them come out and say that
the purpose is to give the money as a charity; but
do not fix a certain salary, and pass a law pro-
hibiting the gratuities which existed before, and
then go on and viojate that lav/. If you violate it
in regard to the pages, you must, do it in regard to
all the other employees of the Senate. Every
Senator who votes on this question knows full
well that that is the inevitable tendency of it.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose, sir, that I have a
right to be just as exact in my action in a public
capacity as I have in a private one. There is a
personal relation which grows up between the
pages and subordinate officers, and the members
of the Senate and the Senate itself. I never dis-
missed a faithful page or servant without giving
him a gratuity, and what it is right to do in private
life I think it is right for us to do as representing
the Government of the United States. I do not
think it will hurt anybody, and I am sure it is a
present which will be profitable to these children
and to their parents. Without standing on any
precedent about it I shall always vote that way.
Mr. JAMES. I am in favor of giving extra
compensation to the pages, and I hope we shall
be able to do so; but I am opposed to paying extra
compensation to thelaborers on thepubhcgrounds,
for this reason: 1 have had occasion to walk
through the public grounds east of the Capitol
during the winter stason at this session, and at
every snow-storm we have had our walks left
precisely as the storm left them, without being
cleaned, without being touched. When these
laborers do their duty I shall vote to pay them.
The pages having done their duty, I am perfectly
willing to vote to pay them, but not to pay the
laborers.
Mr, ADAMS. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to what occurred two years ago. The
very objections made by the Senator from Ten-
nessee were made by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge] and myself at the close of the session
two years ago. It was then apparently generally
understood that such compensation as should be
provided for the employees of the Government,
should be done by law, and that extra compensa-
tion at the close of the session, without investiga-
tion, should be put an end to. Jn accordance with
that suggestion, at the commencement of the suc-
ceeding session the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] brought in the bill which has been refer-
rel to, and in lieu of the extra allowance which
had become a custom, and with the distinct under-
standing that it was in lieu of that extra allow-
ance, twenty per cent, was added to these salaries.
Two dollars and forty cents a day in place of two
dollars was allowed tothepages. I say thattwenty
per cent, was fixed as compensation expressly
with the view of avoiding the bringing up of extra
compensation resolutions at the close of the ses-
sion. What is the use of passing a law with the
understanding that it is to control, if we are to
depart from it every session ?
Now, sir, I concur fully with the Senator from
Tennessee, that if we do not pay a sufficient com-
pensation to each one of the employees of the
Government, we should raise it bylaw; but what-
ever the contract is, with young or old, important
or unimportant employees of the Government, I
am in favor of complying with the contract, i
am not willing to depart from it unless there shall
be some extra service not understood by the par-
ties at the time the contract was made. If the
pages are worthy, as I know them to be, and have
had duties to perform not anticipated at the time
of fixing the compensation, and at the time they
were employed, then, I say, make them whatever
extra allowance they are entitled to, but if nothing
of that sort has occurred, upon what principle can
any man change the contract? X am unable to
see any.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to tell the Senator
that they have had a good deal to do which they
did not expect. They had no idea that we would
sit here until one or two o'clock in the morning,
talking about nothing, [laughter,] and they are
compelled to hear it. This is a striking illustra-
tion of a fact which was not in the contract. They
did not suppose they would be compelled to stand
and run around here all night. If we cannot put
our boys on an equal footing with those of the
other House, we had better back out at once.
Mr. COOPER. I do not believe I could sleep
well to-night if I did not vote for this pay for these
boys; and, in order to sleep well, I mean to vote
to pay them.
Mr. MORTON. I have no wish to protract
the discussion; but I desire to make one remark
in reply to my friend from Mississippi, and one
to my friend from Rhode Island. The Senator
from Mississippi, if I understand him, says that
the twenty per cent, was given with the distinct
provision that no extra pay was to be allowed.
Mr. ADAMS. I did not say " distinct pro-
vision." I said that two years ago the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] delivered a
farewell address on this habit of the Seriate, and
it was understood that we were not thereafter to
allow extra compensation.
Mr. MORTON. In consequence of the high
price of everything, when we were raising the
wages of all the officers and employees of the Gov-
ernment, we raised the compensation of the em-
ployees of the Senate twenty per cent., with the
proviso that those who received the twenty per
cent, should not be entitled to the extra compen-
sation which had been usually given. From the
very phraseology of the proviso, one would be led
to infer that it would be left discretionary with
the employees to receive the extra allowance or
the twenty per cent. So much in reply to the
Senator from Mississippi. The Senator from
Rhode Island objects to paying the laborers about
the Capitol in their humble vocation.
Mr. JAMES. Not the laborers about the Cap-
itol; but the laborers on the public grounds.
Mr. MORTON. Well, sir, the public grounds
are around the Capitol. I drew the resolution at
first so as only to embrace the pages, but my at-
tention was called to the laborers by the venerable
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] who was
very anxious to introduce a provision for their
compensation. lie has witnessed the fidelity with
which they have discharged their duties, and is
willing to pay them. I am unwilling to protract
the discussion, as to do so will endanger the pas-
sage of the resolution. I only desire a direct vote
upon it.
Mr. MASON. This resolution is confined to
the pages and laborers on the public grounds. It
would seem, therefore, that I did injustice in sup-
posing that it comprised other officers of theSenate.
I now offer this amendment.to the resolution, and
I desire to say that it will be the necessary conse-
quence of these efforts, by gratuities or benevo-
lences at the end of the session, to increase the
compensation of any of the officers of the Senate.
Provided, That hereafter the compensation now paid to
the pages and others named in the resolution, shall be re-
duced twenty per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to read the law, for I
am certain it has been forgotten by many Sena-
tors. I refer to the law giving an increase of
twenty per cent. The pages, before that, received
two dollars a day. The addition of twenty per
cent, made their salaries two dollars and forty
cents a day. After making this provision, there
is, at the end of the section, the following proviso:
Aniptomici further, That the usual extra compensation
shall not hereafter be allowed to any person receiving the
benefits of this joint resolution.
That proviso was adopted with entire unanira-
