1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
1145
to. It wag presented by Mr. Hamlin on the 22d
of February, and is as follows:
Resoloed, That the Committee on Commerce of the Sen-
ate be authorized to designate three of its members, wba
may sit during the coming recess for the purpose of exam-
ining into the subject of the Jaws now existing for the
government of our mercantile marine for the encourage-
ment and improvement of American seamen ; but they shall
not sit more than ninety days, and tbey shall piepare a bill,
for the better organization and encouragement of seamen,
to be submitted, together with their report, at the next Con-
gress.
Mr. BENJAMlNf. I will merely say, in rela-
tion to the resolution, that the Committee on
Commerce had a vast number of petitions and
memorials submitted to them from different boards
of trade throughout the United States on the sub-
ject of reforming the discipline in the mercantile
marine of the United States, which is considered
to be in an exceedingly disorganized state, by
reason of the act of Congress which abolished
flogging. Under these circumstances, the com-
mittee being without the necessary information, it
was suggested that it would be proper for them to
obtain the information during the recess. I con-
sented to urge the adoption of this resolution in
behalf of the chairman, being myself utterly unable
to sit as a member of the committee during the
recess, but thinking that it wo'uld be a very useful
body of information to be got together, and that
this is probably the oniy way in which we can
succeed in getting a good law.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think about two years since
the Senate expressed its sense in regard to allow-
ing committees to sit in the recess. The result of
our experience in that matter has been such, I
think, as to convince us that it is better to confine
the action of the committees to the session of the
Senate. It is a very dangerous practice to allow
them to sit in the recess. I hope the Senate will
not depart from the rule which it seemed to estab-
lish for itself, because it refused several such ap-
plications about two years since.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it require unanimous
consent ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will act
on the resolution. I think it is a duty we owe to
our absent colleague to dispose of it. I shall not
discuss it; I only ask for the vote.
The resolution was rejected.
PENSION AND BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. SUMNER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is
hercbv, authorized to purchase, for the use of tne Senate,
five thousand copies of Triplett's Digest of the Pension and
Bounty Land Laws: Provided, The cost of the same shall
not exceed one dollar per volume, and that it shall be piwHed
in a style of paper and type equal to that of documents pub-
lished during the present session of Congress, and be bound
well in law sheep: -?nd provided, also, That the work shall
contain ail the pension and bounty land laws passed at this
session of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall be much obliged to my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, [Mr. Johnson,] to state what it is we are now
paying for printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. We are paying for the pub-
lic printing of thia Congress $1,500,000. For
the Departments, so far as their printing has been
done under the law, the cost has been $500,000.
All the public printing which has yet been sub-
jected to the general printing law has cost
#2,000,000.
The resolution was rejected.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
An act to provide for the erection of public
buildings in ihe Territory of Nebraska-,
A joint resolution for the relief of George W.
McCerren;
An act to continue the pension of Francis E.
Baden;
An act for the relief of Stephen Lutz, of New
York;
An act for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey,
Ananias O. Richardson, and James McLaughlin;
An act to provide for the erection of public
buildings in the Territory of Kansas;
An act granting a pension to Joseph McCor-
mack;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1856,-and for other purposes; and
An act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District of Co-
lumbia, in the said District. >
KATHERINE M. HAMER.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill for the relief of Katherine M. Hamer,
widow of the late General Thomas L. Hamer, to
report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. I ask that it may now be con-
sidered.
The bill (which proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Katherin?
M. Hamer on the pension roll at the same rate
per month during her natural life as that of Mar-
garet L. Worth, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier
General Worth) was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JESSE FRENCH.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of Jesse French, of Braintree,
Massachusetts. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place his name on the pen-
sion roll at four dollars per month, commencing
January 1, 1852, and to continue during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IRENE G. SCARRITT.
On motion by Mr. MALLOR1T, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded :o consider
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Irene G. Scarritt, the
object of which is to place her on the pension roll
at twenty-five dollars a month for five years from
July 1, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
VIRGINIA LAND SCRIP.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senate to-night declined
to take up a little bill of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, as I supposed, in consequence of having
other pressing business. As there seems to be
nothing else before us, I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill in
relation to the Virginia bounty lands.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ; and on that motion 1 ask for the yeas and
nays. [It was now fifteen minutes after two
o'clock, a. m ]
The yeas and nays were ordered, and.being
taken, resulted—yeas none, nays 22; as follows-
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Benjamin. Brainerd,
Brigiit, Brodhead, Brown. Chase, Clayton, Cooper. Daw-
son, Douglas, Foot, Houston, JollJiJ-on, Mallory, Mason,
Morion, Pettit, Rusk. Biideli, Sumner, Toombs, Weller,
Weils, and Wright—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take a
recess until eight o'clock in the morning.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the motion of
the Senator from Mississippi, to take up the Vir-
ginia land scrip bill, is before the Senate.
The PRESS DING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
That motion is pending, but there was not a quo-
rum voting on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I suppose the first question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDENT. No motion can be enter-
tained for want of a quorum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it not in order
to take a recess ?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain that motion. The fact whether there be
a quorum or not can be ascertained by a vote.
Mr. ADAMS. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance is absent at this time, arid I think
the Senate ought not to take a recess until we ascer-
tain the condition of business. The business may-
be in such a position that it would be improper to
take a recess.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] has his hands full. He is here,
and in the other House, and I trust we shall not
take a recess in his absence. It is too serious and
important a matter.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. STUART. That motion cannot be enter-
tained when there is not a quorum present.
Mr. MASON. Let us take a vote, and ascer-
tain the fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it be ascer-
tained in voting on the motion that there is a quo-
rum the bill can be taken up.
Mr. STUART. But it is already ascertained
that there is not a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last vote
shows no quorum, but if, on this motion, a quo-
rum vote, the bill may be taken up.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have paired off with my
colleague [Mr. Bayaud] on this bill.
The yeas and nays were taken; and resulted—
yeas 10, nays 7; a? follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Dawson, Hunter, Mai-
lory, Mason, Morton, Rubk, Toombs, ami Wellcr—IO.
NAYri—Messrs. Bndger, Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown,
Chase, Toueey, and Walker—7.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not a
quorum voting.
Mr. BRAINERD. I ehould like to have the
Senate take up the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the relief of Andrew H. Patterson,
which has been reported unanimously by the
Senate Committee on Claims, and to which, I
presume, there will be no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. We cannot legislate without
a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No business
can be done until a quorum shall be present.
Mr. DAWSON. If I did not know that there
was not a quorum present, I should not object to
going on with this bill, but knowing that fact, I
cannot consent to proceed with business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Hugh Wallace Wormeley,asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the select committee on the Pacific
railroad, to whom was referred the petition of E.
G. Chambers, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution:
A bill for the relief of L. R. Lyon and Dean S.
Howard, of the State of New York;
A bill for the construction of certain military
roads in the Territory of Kansas;
A bill for the relief of Jesse French, of Brain-
tree, Massachusetts; and
A joint resolution making an appropriation for
the purchase of territorial libraries;
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
IOWA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the President of the Senate of
Iowa, accompanied by resolutions of the Senate
of that State relative to the joint convention alleged
to have been held by the General Assembly of
Iowa for the election of an associate judge, and a
United States Senator, at which the Hon. James
Harlan was said to be chosen a United States
Senator for six years from March 4, 1855. The
letter was ordered to lie on the table.
