1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill farther to amend the act entitled
" An act to reduce and modify the rates of post-
ages in the United States, and for other purposes,"
passed March 3, 1S51; and that they had passed
a joint resolution making appropriation for the
payment of those entitled to the benefits of the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
United States, passed March 3,1855, voting extra
compensation to pages, folders, and others. And
that they had passed the Senate bilL for the relief
of Mrs. Irene G. Scarritt.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that they disagreed
to all the amendments of the Senate to the bill
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1856; that they
asked for a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri, Mr. Upham, of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. Bocock, of Virginia, managers at
the conference on their part.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on their amendments and agreed to the con-
ference asked for by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Mr. Gwiw, Mr. Johes, of Tennessee, and Mr.
Douglas, were appointed the committee on the
part of the Senate.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The message also announced that they had
agreed to some and disagreed to other amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the civil a >d diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 185G, and
for other purposes; and that they agreed to other
amendments of the Senate with amendments in
which they requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on their amendments disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to their amendments, and
asked for a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses.
Mr. Hcnter, Mr. Toucey, and Mr. Dawson
were appointed the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives announced that they insisted on their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; insisted
on their amendments to the amendments of the
Senate disagreed to by the Senate; agreed to the
conference asked for by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses; and had appointed
Mr. Houston, of Alabama, Mr. Haven", of New
York, Mr. Henn, of Iowa, managers on their
part.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT.
The message also informed the Senate that the
House disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill to reorganize the courts of the District
of Columbia, and to reform and improve the laws
thereof; asked for a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and appointed Mr.
May, of Maryland, Mr. Kerr, of North Car-
olina, and Mr. Clark, of Michigan, conferees on
their part.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate insisted
on their amendments, and asked for a conference
on ihe disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. Badceii, Mr. benjamih,and Mr. Stuart,
were appointed managers at the conference on the
part of the Senate. <
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate again proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and at six o'clock, a. m.,
the doors were reopened.
LIST OP CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS, I hold in my hand a resolution
in relation to the book which was published some
years ago by order of Congress, called the " List
of Claims." In the House of Representatives
it has been brought down to the present time; in
the Senate it has not been brought down to a later
I period than 1849. I have found it, in the course
| of rny investigations, a book of immense value.
| Without it 1 should never have known what was
i done in a great number of cases which I have
I been called upon to examine. The object of this
i resolution is to direct the Secretary to continue the
work to the present time. I offer the resolution,
and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resoh-cd, That the Secretary of the Senate cause the
"List of Claims,51 hcrelofoie prepared l>y him, to he printed
for the use of the Senate ; and that he cause the list to be
brought down to the close of the piesent session, including
such continuation in the list thus to be printed J and that
the usual number of copies be printed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BROWN", the Senate took
a recess for two hours.
The Senate reassembled at half-past eight
o'clock, a. m., [of Sunday, March 4.]
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the
following enrolled btlls, which had been previously
signed by the Speaker of the House:
An act further to amend the act entitled "An
act to reduce and modify the rates of postage in
the United States,and for other purposes," passed
March 3, 1851;
An oct to amend an act entitled "An act for
the relief of George M. Bentley, of the State of
Indiana," approved August 5, 1854; and
An act for the relief of Irene Gr. Scarritt.
BARIC SARANAC.
Mr. STUART. I desire to have a bill passed
which is a mere matter of form, to change the
name of a vessel trading to Wilmington, North
Carolina. The whole thing is a matter of form,
and 1 suppose there can be no possible objection
to it.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill " to change the name of the bark
Saranac, and grant her a new register;" and it
was read the first and second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Saranac is an Amefican-built vessel, now
owned by citizens of Wilmington, North Carolina,
and the object is to have the name changed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL SMOOT.
Mr. BADGER. Under the resolution which
was adopted last night in favor of the pages, there
is a small boy, Samuel Smoot, a page employed
in the office of the Secretary of the Senate, who is
excluded. The committee have come to the con-
clusion that he is not embraced in the resolution.
I am sure it was not the intention of the Senate to
exclude him. It is supposed by the committee
that he is not included in the resolution because he
happens to be employed in the Secretary's office
insteiid of in the Senate Chamber. I.deaire to ask
whether there can beany doubt about the intention
of the Senate?
Several Senators. *Of course not.
Mr. BADGER. Then I ask, by unanimous
consent, that the resolution may be amended by
adding at the end of it, " and Samuel Smoot, a
page in the Secretary's office."
There being no objaction, the resolution was
ordered to be so modified.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill to
reorganize the courts in the District of Columbia,
and to reform and improve the laws thereof.
Mr. BADGER made the following report:
The managers at the conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two [louses on the biil entitled " An act to reorganize
the courts of the District of Columbia, and to reform and
improve the laws thereof," have met, and, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows:
First. That the Senate recede from its amendments to
the nineteenth section of the bill, and agree to the same
section as passed by the Bouse.
Second. That the House agree to the other amendments
of the Senate, with this amendment, to wit: to strike out
the preamble and al! the sections of the bill, except the said
nineteenth section.
Third. That the title be amended so as to read as '
" An act to improve the Jaws of the District of Columbia*
and to codify the same."
The Sens13 proceeded to consider the report,
and, on motion by Mr. BADCER,it was concurred
in. The bill, as thus amended, contains but one
section, and is as follows:
That the President of the United States is hereby auttor-
iaed.'by and with the advice and consent ot the benate, to
appoint two persons, learned in the law. to revise,
digest, and codify the laws of said District, ami also the
rules and principles of practice, of pleadings, of evidence
and conveyancing, and also to add thereto ana codify
laws of the State of Maryland as may be or become in fore*
during the preparation of said code and app.icable to trie
circumstances and condition of said District; and the said
code shall be constructed according to a simple method, ana
be expiessed in language concisc and plain, and, as far as
possible, be made level to the understanding of a person of
ordinary intelligence and education ; and it shall contain a
full and particular index to all its contents; and the prepa-
ration of the said code shall be made under the bUpenn-
tendenceand revision of the Attorney General of the United
States, and as the same progresses shall be prm ted, under
his direction ; and the said codifiers thai! each be paid for
their services, out of the Treasury of the United Slates, at
the rate of §3,000 a year. And the Board of Aldermen and
Common Council of the city of Washington may together
elect five competent persons, and the Doard of-Aldermea
and Council of Georgetown may elect two competent per-
sons, and the levy court of the county of Washington may
elect one competent person, which peisons together shall
compose a board* to consider, at convenient seasons, the
provisions of said code, as it may be prepared; and any
three of said persons shall constitute a quorum of said
boaid ; and the said codc,or such provisions thereof as may
he approved by a majority of said board, shall be adopted,
and become the law of said District, as hereinafter provided*
And it shall bo the duty of the said persons who may be ap-
pointed to codify the said laws, to attend, and also the said
Attorney General may attend the meetings of said board, to
explain the several provisionsof the said code. And when
the said code and the provisions thereof shall have been
adopted by the said board, or by a uiajoritv thereof, they shall
ceiufy the same to the President of the United States, who
shall thereupon cause it to be published in a neat and con-
venient form, and to be substantially bound ; and he shall
cause a sufficient number of volumes of said code to he
punted and bound as may be nccessary for the amplest dis-
tribution of the same among the people of said District, and
for the preservation of said code; and a copy thereof shall
he furnished to every justice of the peace, and every judie,
to each court, to each clerk of said court, to each coroner,
to said levy court, to each public school, to each public
library, to each public department of Government, and to
the Alayors and each of the Councils of Washington and
Georgetown, to be by them kept and carefully preserved,
and transferred to their several successors in office. And
the said code so deposited with said clerks of courts and
justices of the peace, shall at all times be open in their sev-
eral offices for the inspection and information of the people
of said District, and others who may desire to consult the
same. And when the said code shall be printed and dis-
tributed, the President of the United States shall, by his
proclamation, appoint a time and places in the said District
foi taking the sense of the citizens thereof, lor or against „
the adoption of the said code, and he shall cause judges ta *
be selected who shall preside at such election, and he shall
provide and proclaim the mode and rules of conducting the
same, provided every free white male citizen of the United
Slates, above the age of twenty-one years, who has resided
in the said Distiict for one year next preceding said elec-
tion, shall be permitted to vote thereat; and the result of
said election shall be reported to the said President, and the
same, with the said code, be by him reported to Congress,
and when ratified and approved by the same, he shall, by
Ins proclamation, declare it to bo in force, from the day of
the date thereof, as the iaw of the said District of Columbia;
and the same, when so proclaimed, shall thereafter be and
remain aa such, wnhout any turther act or proceedings to
that elFcet, until altered or repealed by the Congress of the
United States. And the persons who may compose said
board, or such of them as*may act on the same, t-hull be
i paid out of the Tieasury of the United States a reasonable
, compensation for their services, according to the timeera-
; Pjoycdi by them, respectively, upon the same t Provided.
j 1 hat the said codeshal! be reported to Congress on or before
j the first Monday m December, in the year 1&37.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY LUSTE.
Mr. MALLORY. There is on the table a
resolution for printing so much of a public docu-
ment as relates to the boundary line between
Georgia and Florida. The propriety of printing
it is evident from the fact that the Attorney Gen-
eral has interfered in the suit before the Supreme
Court on behalf of the United States. The reso-
lution was laid aside on a former occasion at the
suggestion of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger.] Hehas withdrawn his objection,
and I ask the Senate now to take it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Mallory on the 22d of February;
^mn1iI^3hat-the Secretary of lbe Senate cause to be
compiled and printed, with the documents of the present
session, all the documents and other papers in anywwe re-
1 S !e boundary line between the States of Geomia
and 1- ioriua,.heretofore laid before either House of Con-
gress, and of the reports of committees, and all proceedings
c«nd action of either House thereon, so arranging the same
that no pepsr be twice printed iu such compilation.
