1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
from the House of Representatives they can de-
termine, in a few minutes, whether there is any
prospect of an agreement. I think, therefore, the-
proper course is that suggested by the motion of
my colleague.
Mr. GVVIN. The question is not what the
House will do in regard to these three amend-
ments, but it is perfectly evidentthat if we appoint
another committee of conference the bill will be
lost, it is utterly impossible to get through the
enrollment of the bill before the expiration of the
session unless it be put in the hands of the clerks
at once. 1 am as anxious as those Senators im-
mediately interested in these three amendments to
secure the objects which they have in view in their
adoption; but we must look to the fact that we
cannot pass this bill unless we recede from these
amendments at the present time, and send the bill
immediately to the House. There is no room for
doubt on that point. There is now a call of the
House, and in a very short time it will be difficult
for them to get a quorum. Unless they acton this
report at once it will be impossible to get the bill
signed at all. I should be very willing to have
another committee of conference if I thought there
was any chance in the world of saving the bill;
but, sir, we have now only three hours, and it is
impossible in any shorter time than that to enroll
the bill and have it ready for the signature of the
President.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very sorry to
differ from my friends from California and Illinois,
who have been very kind to me on the committee;
but 1 do not concur in their idea that we endanger
the bill by asking for another conference. I would
not endanger the bill for these orany other amend-
ments. 1 am no factionist, no revolutionist. I
desire to see the forms of legislation adhered to;
but if a majority want anything done, I desire to
see them do it. The clerks may go on enrolling
the bill as far as we have agreed to it. There are
only ihree points left to be decided. Let us have
another committee of conference, and vyhile that
committee is in session the clerks can be enrolling
that part of the bill to which we have agreed.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
Tennessee that the clerks cannot enroll the bill as
he supposes, because the committee of conference
must have it in hand while they are acting on it.
Until it passes from their hands, it cannot go into
the hands of the clerks to work upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. All know perfectly well
that a good portion of this bill has been already
enrolled.
Mr. GWIN. I have been told not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have been on enrolling
committees, and f know a little about that. There
is no doubt in the world that most of the bill is
enrolled now. The idea that it is not is a bugbear
held out to frighten us." The appropriation for
the naval depot at New Orleans has been put by
the Senate into the naval appropriation bill four
or five times, and invariably been given up on the
objection of the House. I think, in view of the
precedent astion of the Senate, it is time that the
House should, in its turn, recede, or at all events
that we should make some effort at an agreement.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Louisiana
says we have time enough to dispose of this bill.
My opinion is, that to-day is not the time for
us to be in session. If Senators will look into
the House of Representatives they will see an
exhausted congregation of gentlemen, scarcely a
quorum present. Why sir, physical endurance
will go no further. Now, may we not lose all by
grasping at too much ?
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend allow me to
suggest that debate on any subject, at this time,
is "fatal.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I surrender.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend from Tennessee
does not feel disposed, under the circumstances,
to recede from our amendments, and another com-
mittee is to be appoin ted, it ought to be done with-
out any delay.
The PRESIDENT. The report of the commit-
tee of conference must be regarded as an entirety.
The report, as made, agreeing as to part, and dis-
agreeing as to part, stands for naught.
Mr. BADGEFw. Allow me to state, sir, that
this report was made on searching the precedents
of both Houses. The report is an entirety, but
the two Houses can adopt the report, which is,
that thec&mmittee hare agreed upon certain things.
and cannot agree upon certain others; and there-
upon it is in order to further insist upon the
remaining points of difference, and appoint a com-
mittee of conference oh them.
The PRESIDENT. Suppose the committee
fails to agree on the three disputed points?
Mr. BADGER. It is just reducing the number
of disputes. In 1850 we had three committees of
conference, on one of which I was, on the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. The first com-
mittee agreed on all the disputed points except
five or six. They made their report, and the two
Houses agreed to it. We had another committee
on the remaining points of difference. The second
committee agreed on all except three amendments
which related to one subject, which you will well
recollect, I have no doubt, sir—the payment of
money which was claimed by Mr. Ritchie. A
report was made that the committee had agreed
upon all but this point, and it was then moved that
another committee should be appointed; but in the
mean time the House of Representatives resolved
to adhere to the remaining point, and a motion
was made in the Senate that we recede. We did
recede, and thus the bill was passed.
The PRESIDENT. The point the Chair
makes is this: It is important that the two Houses
should agree on the remaining disputed points.
If they should fail to agree, the bill would be lost.
Mr. BADGER. Undoubtedly.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. James,T to recede from the three amend-
ments of the Senate. Will the Senate recede from
the amendments reserved by thecommitteeof con-
ference? If they refuse to recede, then will come
up the question of appointing another committee
of conference.
Mr. BADGER. Of course.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to wait in taking tlve vote on this question
until my colleague reaches the Chamber, X should
be glad.
The PRESIDENT. There is evidently not a
quorum present, and that would be the better
course.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that will not be done.
I think we had better agree to the proposition of
the Senator from Tennessee rather than wait; for
delay now is fatal.
The PRESIDENT put the question on receding
from the amendments,and the ayes were 20, noes
10—not a quorum voting.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the yeas and
nays; that will show whether there i3 a quorum
present or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Bell, Mr. Benjamin, and Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, did not answer to their names. When
the call was completed, one vote was neaeseary to
make a quorum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have never taken
any course in the Senate that was factious. I
occupy a verypeculiar position upon this subject,
known to some of my personal friends, and I
cannot agree to surrender my position to these
amendments. I cannot do it in justice to myself;
but, sir, I would not endanger the public business
in any way. The Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] knows my position. All that I have
asked is that you will appoint an additional com-
mittee of conference to' take charge of the three
remaining questions of dispute and relieve me. I
think the Senate might have done it without any
danger to thepublic business. If I did not believe
so, 1 should not have asked for it. If, however,
the Senate are deliberately of opinion that the bill
will be endangered by this course, I am willing to
sacrifice myself to what I believe to be a parlia-
mentary law and usage. Therefore I am ready to
vote and take the responsibility of thereby making
a quorum. I vote " nay." .
Mr. BELL. I will vote in the negative also.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a quorum voting,
and I will therefore vote " nay," although I should
have been disposed to persist in this matter to the
end at the risk of the loss of the bill, and should
have done so willingly.
Mr. RUSK. And so would I.
Mr. SL1DELL appeared in the Chamber during
the calling of the roll, and voted in the negative.
The result was announced-—yeas 22, nays 13; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Brainerd, Brodhead,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Evans, Fe«se<iden,
Foot, Gwm, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa. MalJory, Ma-
son, Seward, Btuattj Toucey, Wade, Weils, and Wilson-—
22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brown,
Dawson, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Rusk,
Sebastian, Slide)), and Welier—13.
So the motion to recede was agreed to.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that they
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1856.
e'xtra compensation.
The House joint resolution making appropria-
tions for the payment of those entitled to the
benefits of the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, passed March 3,
1855, voting extra compensation to pages, folders,
and others, was read twice by its title, considered
as in Committee of the Whole, reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
andrew h. patterson.
On motion by Mr. BRAINERD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill of the House of Representatives for the
relief of Andrew H. Patterson, the object of which
is to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Patterson $6,802, for mail bags manufactured by
him under a contract with the Post Office Depart-
ment entered into on the 23d of May, 1840.
■ The bill waa reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. BROWN. I gave notice yesterday of my
intention to introduce a bill to repeal ceriain sec-
tions of the neutrality l&'wcf. I now ask leave to
introduce the hill.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask that it may now be read
a second time and put upon its passage.
Mr. MASON and ethers. I object.
Mr. BADGER. Let us take it up to-morrow.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I should like to have a vote
upon it in some form. If some Senator will move
to lay it on the table, and let us have a vote upon
that, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. SEWARD. One objection is enough, and
there are several such already.
Mr. BROWN. Then, of course, I shall have
to let it go, if its consideration be objected to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The committee of confer-
ence of the two Houses on the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, like the committee which sat
upon the naval appropriation bill, find it neces-
sary to consult the Senate uponthree points. The
first is in regard to the salaries of the Judges of the
Supreme Court. The Senate adopted an amend-
ment fixing the salary of the Chief Justice at
£7,500, and of the Associate Justicesat§7,000 each.
The House have struck it down, giving $6;500 to
the Chief Justice, and $6,000 to the associates.
The next point is in relation to the allowance for
the diplomatic services of George P. Marsh and
John S. Pendleton, who were associated in the
same amendment. The House have allowed the
claim of Mr. Schenck, as it was put on by the
Senate, and have thrown out the other. On these
two points the committee of the two Houses have
differed, and I come here, by their direction, to
&si£ wh&t instructions th© will sivc us on
them.
Mr. STUART. Let lis recede.
Mr. FOOT. Is it in order to move to insist on
the amendment in the case of Mr. Marsh?
Mr. HUNTER. We have already insisted,
and the question can be tried upon the motion to
recede,
Mr. FOOT. The Senate voted an allowance to
three or four gentlemen for extra diplomatic ser-
vices, and the House has agreed to it in some
instances, and refused it in others.
Mr. DAWSON. As a member of the com-
mittee of conference, I take this occasion to say
to you, Mr. President, and through you to the
