1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
Senate, that we have surrendered, I may say,
nearly three fourths of our propositions. Our
amendment in regard to the salaries of the Judges
of tRe Supreme Court I consider such an act of
justice that 1 would stand upon it individually at
the risk of this bill. The next point was this:
Mr. Sehenck and Mr. Pendleton were united in
the same special mission, occupied the same posi-
tion, discharged the same duties. The House
have agreed to provide for one, but rejected the
other. Mr. Marsh, whose services and position,
in the judgment of this body, entitled him to the
same compensation, has also been disregarded by
the House. The third point upon which we differ j
is in relation to the arsenal in this city. i
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to my j
friend that I think there will be no difficulty on !
that point. We have not much time left. At !
twelve o'clock we must adjourn. It is now half !
past nine. I think it will be better for us to recede j
from these disputed points, and close up this 1
troublesome bill. It must be remembered that I
the House of Representatives have had to give up
a great deal which they valued. They originally
passed, a majority of our amendments. 1 was
willing, for myself, to close the matter, and bring
in a report at once receding from these points;
but my colleagues on the committee were so
reluctant to do so that I thought it best to take ]
the sense of the Senate. I hope the question will |
be taken without debate, for we have not time for !
discussion. Sooner than waste time I would take ;
the responsibility of going into the committee room j
and yielding these points.
Mr. FOOT. Mr.President,after the allowance i
to Commodore Perry of §20,000 for his diplomatic '
services, after the allowance of $18,000 to Mr. j
Schenck for his diplomatic services, the Senate '
voted, with great unanimity, an amendment allow- j
ing §9,000 to Mr. Marsh for his extraordinary
services for a full year, at the Government of '
Greece. The House have concurred in the allow- j
ance to Commodore Perry and to Mr. Schenck, ;
but have disagreed to the amendment allowing >
$9,000 for the extraordinary services of Mr. i
Marsh, for which he never received a single dollar, j
I am unable to comprehend upon what possible .
ground, except upon some error, some mistake, ,
on the part of the House, they could have inflicted I
this atrocious act; for I say it is atrocious, if done
knowingly and advisedly. Under these circum- j
stances, I hope the Senate will not recede from
that amendment, and that this unjust discrimina- •
tion will not be made with the consent of the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken. We have but two hours and a half; the
report has not been written, and that will take
twenty minutes. I move that we recede, and I !
ask that the question be taken on the amendments
together.
Mr. FOOT. I call for a, division of the ques- I
tion. I
The PRESIDENT. The first question will be i
upon receding from the disagreement of the Sen- 1
ate to the amendment of the House to our amend- ;
ment in regard to the salaries of the Judges of the ;
Supreme Court. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will not j
recede from that. j
Mr. J3A.DGER. I hope so too. .
The motion to recede was agreed to. j
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that we recede j
from the amendment in relation to Mr. Marsh and ■
Mr. Pendleton. I regret very much to have to do !
so; nothing but a sense of necessity in order to I
close up the matter would induce me to do so. [
Mr. FOOT. I hope we shall not recede. j
Mr. BROWN. We can put them in next ;
year. ;
The motion to recede was agreed to. i
Mr. DAWSON. The question need not be 1
taken on receding from the amendment m regard
to the arsenal; the other points being settled, we ;
can negotiate about that. •
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House:
An act for the relief of Andrew H. Patterson;
A joint resolution making appropriations for the
payment of those entitled to the benefits of the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
United States, passed March 3,1855, voting extra
compensation to pages, folders, and others; and
An act to improve the laws of the District of
Columbia and codify the same.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That Christian Hansen have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That R. M. Ironside have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the widow of Charles Newbold have leave
to withdraw her fftjtilion.
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That Charles Stearns have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That Isaac Williams have ieave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Simeon MeKnight have ieave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
Mr. ALLE-N. I ask leave to withdraw from the
! files the papers of the widow of Dr. McMillan, of
the Army, who has petitioned for a pension. An
adverse report was made. She has addressed me
a letter requesting the withdrawal of the papers.
Mr. BADGER, Allow me to ask the Senator
whether the adverse report was concurred in by
the Senate?
Mr. ALLEN. I presume so. It was presented
by myself.
The PRESIDENT. If there is an adverse
report the papers cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. ALLEN. That is sufficient. I can state
that m answer to the application.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
I ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
1 and after some time spent therein the doors were
! reopened.
STATE OF OREGON.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill of the House of
Representatives to enable the people of Oregon
Territory to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the bill on the table,
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yea3 and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
! Y EAS—Messrs. Adams, Radser, iW'];p'nn'.n, Brodhead,
! Brown, Clay, Dawson, Fvans, Fitzpalriek,Geyer, Hunter,
; Johnson, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, Siidell, Thompson of
: Kentucky, and Toucey—18.
; NAYS'—Messrs. Bell, Brainerd, Bright, Chase, Cooper,
t Dodge of Wisconsin, Dougias, Fessenden, Foot, Gvvin,
• Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Seward,
1 Stuart, Sunnier, Wade, Welter, Wells, and Wilson—20.
| So the motion was not agreed to.
I The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
I agreeing to the amendment reported by the Com-
! mittee on Territories.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. The amendments are simply
to require Oregon to have at least sixty thousand
' population before admission.
! The amendments were agreed to.
j The PRESIDENT. The question is, shall the
i amendments be engrossed and the bill be ordered
I to a third reading?
i Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
| Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator will allow
i the bill to go to the House of Representatives. I
| have very little hope that it will be reached there,
| but I think that I ought to discharge my duty by
| insisting that it shall be sent there,
j Mr. MASON. The Senator always discharges
I his duty, I have no doubt, but in the discharge of
i mine I shall be very reluctant to see this bill passed
; at the present session. I must ask for the yeas
and navs on it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We can have a test question
on its passage just as well.
Mr. JOHNSON. I insist on ray motion.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to know if a single objec
tion will not prevent the third reading and passage
of the bill to day ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; the bill was read
twice some time ago, and referred to the Commit*
tee on Territories, and reported back.
Mr. JONKS, of Tennessee. My friend from
Alabama shows some feeling about this matter;
for myself, I have none. have no difficulty in
my course upon such a question as this. For my
part I do not care how many new States are
brought into the Union. Let them come in as fast
as they can when they have the necessary popu-
lation. It is thought by some that this Territory
is too small for a State. Well, sir, if it is as large
as Missouri, as I understand it is, I do not want
it to be any larger. I know some gentlemen en-
tertain the idea that, by the passage of this bill we
shall be breaking down the balance of power be-
tween the free States and. the slavebolding States.
For my part I do not care whether new States
come here with or without slavery; that is a ques-
tion for themselves, not for us. 1 am for admitting
them. I believe it is the constitutional prerogative
of a State to come here and ask to be admitted.
If forty were to come here to-day with the neces-
sary population asking to be admitted without
slavery, as ultra as I am on that subject, I would
vote to admit them. Sir, when the time comes when
a State asks to be admitted with slavery, and shall
be rejected solely because she tolerates Slavery,
I am for revolution, and I am willing to give to
others what I ask for myself. I will vote for this
bill because I am willing that States shall come
here with or without slavery as the people choose.
I desire to stand right on the record, and, there-
fore, I vote for this bill. When a State comes
here asking for admission with slavery,I will stand
by her and fight for her.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The pending'bill having been temporarily laid
aside, -
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following report:
The commitee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government lor the year
ending June 30, 1859, and for other purposes, have met,
and, after ii full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate do concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the ninth, fourteenth, one hun-
dred and thirty-sixth, and one hundred and forty-third
amendments of the Senate. '
That the House of Representatives agree to the twenty-
fourth amendment of the Senate, with an amendment as
lollows:
i Add at the end thereof:
Provided, That the same shall not extend to the chap-
i lam.
| That the House of Representatives agree to the seventy-
first amendment of the Senate, with an amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after the word " which," in the nineteenth
line, to the end of the section, and insert, " a sum equal to
the proceeds of the saie hereinafter directed, is hereby ap-
piopnated."
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
amendment to the sixty seventh amendment of ihe Senate.
Tnat the Senate do recede from its seventh, tenth, twenty-
first, twenty fifth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, tlnrty-sevenlii,
forty-first, forty-third, foriy-sixih, foriy-seventli, forty-
eighth, fifty-first, fifty-second, fifty-third, fitly fourth, fifty-
fifth, fifty-seventh, fifty-eighih, fiily-ninth, s-ixtielh, sixty-
first, sixty-sixlh, seventy-seventh, seventy-eighth, seventy-
ninth, eighty-fourth, eighty-sixth, eighty-eighth, ninety-
first, ninety-fourth, ninety-sixth, one hundred and third, one
hundred and fourth, one hundred and fifth, one hundred
and seventh, one hundred and ninth, one hundred and tenth,
one hundred and eleventh, one hundred and sixteenth, one
hundred and nineteenth, one hundred and twenty-first, one
hundred and twenty-sixth, one hundred and twenty-eighth,
otieliundted and twenty-ninth, one hundred and ihirty-
eigbth, and one hundred and forty-first amendments to the
bill.
Avnd that the House of Representatives do eoncur ill the
thirty-second, thirty-fifth, fiftieth, sixty-ninth, eighty sev-
enth, eighty-ninth, one hundred and second, one hundred
and twelfth, one bundled and twenty- second, one hundred
and twenty fourth, one hundred and thirty-third, and one
hundred and thirty seventh amendments of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to the Senate that
we adopted to the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill one hundred and forty-eight amendments.
Of those the House of Representatives, either by
itself or through its committee of conference, has
agreed to one hundred and one.
Mr. STUART. That will do pretty well.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to know what we
have given up.
Mr. HUNTER. A large number of amend-
ments.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to know what
they are.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot state them until Vhe
