1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
papers come here from the other House. If the
Senator insists on having them read, when the
papers come here they may be read, perhaps, by
twelve o'clock, but I doubt whether they could be.
Mr. FOOT, Is it not competent for any mem-
ber of the Senate to call for the reading of the
several amendments on which we are called upon
to act?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. FOOF. i call for the reading of the amend-
ments.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it must He over until
the bill comes to us from the House.
STATE OP OREGON.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
Oiegon bill. i
Mr. BELL. Before the question is taken on
this bill, 1 feel it due to myself, ns a member of
the Committee on Territories, to eay a word by '
way of explanation. I voted against laying the
bill on the table, and now I desire to state the rir- '
cumstances under which I propose to vote for the
bill. ;
The honorable Senator from Illinois will do me 1
the -justice to say that I opposed this bill m the
committee as it came from the House. As it came '
to us tl)ere was no limitation whatever m regard
to population. I understood that it was adopted '
in the Hou«e by an overwhelming majority, which
surprised me very much. I think the committee
laid it over for two or three weeks upon my ob-
jection. I objected that we were acting without
satisfactory information, without any data upon
whhm Congress could determine whether they had
sufficient population to justify their admission.
Finaily, .the committee yielded, the honorable
Senator from Illinois himself agreeing to fix the ,
limitation of sixty thousand inhabitants, at least, ;
before they should be admitted. Information
was also before the committee that the people of.
Oregon were already proceeding to form their con- '
Btitution. Under these cncumstanees I save my
consent to the honorable Senator from Illinois (o !
report the bill with the amendments winch have !
been adopted, fixing the limitation on the number
of inhabitants. Now, I feel constrained to go for 1
the bill because I consider that I was, perhaps, ,
the cause of the postponement,and 1 suppose the ;
great objection now is, that it is brought upon us :
at a time when we have not an opportunity to ■
consider it. i should like very much if the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois could forbear to press j
the bill at the present time, in order that the mem-
bers of the Senate generally might have time to '
look into it; but, under the circumstances, [ feel
bound to vote for the passage of the bill.
Mr DOUGLAS. The explanation of the Sen- ;
ator from Tennessee is entirely correct, according j
to my recollection, in all respects. 1 had hoped
that our friends here would allow us to paRS the
bill, inasmuch as the enrnimttec kept it back for
two or three weeks to accommodate the Senator, 1
otherwise I should have had it passed before. I
hope the Senate will allow the bill to be passed in
its present unobjectionable shape. ,i
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL- li
A message was received from the House of !
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, !
announcing that they had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill making ap- j
propnations for the civri and diplomatic expenses "
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, and for other purpof-es. ,i
Mr. HCJNTER. I ask now, by general con- ,
sent, that the report may be taken up and acted
upon*. Unless it be done immediately, the clerks
cannot enroll the bill. ;
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not object to the con- :
sideration of the appropriation bill?, if the Senate :
are ready to go on; but when this bill is disposed :
of, 1 shall a?ain call up the Oregon bill. !;
The PRESIDENT. Are ail the amendments .
required to be tcad? 1
Mr, HCJNTER. I think Senators, on reflec-lj
tion, will hardly require that. It will take a long
time to read them all, more time than we have left. '
Mr. FOOT. Wiil the Senator from Virginia
state generally* from recollection, from what1
amendments the committee of conference ask us ,
to recede?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will ask the
question as to any particular amendment, I may ,
be able to answer him. We recede from about
forty-seven amendments out of the one hundred
and forty-eight. The most important amendments
have been agreed to by the House.
Mr. FOOT. T here were several providing for
the construction of custom-houses and marine
hospitals >
Mr. HUNTER. All the provisions for cus-
tom-houses were adopted, together with all those
for marine hospitals except one in Indiana.
Mr. FOOT, There was an appropriation of
[! $25,000 agreed to by the Senate to authorize the"
j; President of the United States to have a work of
j, art executed by Hiram Powers for the adornment
j of the Capitol ?
I1 Mr. HUNTER. That was adopted by the
1 House.
j Mr. FOOT. I will not insist upon the reading
j of the amendments.
! Mr. BROWN. 1 wish to inquire of the Senator
; from Virginia what became of the amendment we
, adopted in regard to the claim of Richard W.
i Thompson 3 [ believe the House amended it,
Mr. HUNTER. We have agreed to the amend-
' ment of the House, which was u proviso that the
| consent of the Menomonce Indians shculd be ob-
j taincd.
: Mr. JOHNSON. I should be very glad if the
j Senator would state what was done with the
1 amendments adopted by this body in regard to the
1 public land system, and especially in reference to
, the salaries of the surveyois general in the Tcrri-
; tones of New Mexico, Washington, Utah, and
; Nebraska'
i Mr. HUNTER. Several of them were adopted
j bvthe House; but those provisions increasing the
j salaries were refused.
I Mr. JOII NSON. In every instance >
; Mr. HUNTER. 1 recollect no exception; I
■ nearly a/I increases of salary were refused. j
Mr. BROIM i EAD'. Was the increase refused
- to the Mint oihcera at New Orleans?
I Mr. HUNTER. No, air; that provision is in
| the bill.
i The report of the committee was agreed to.
I STATE OF OREGON AGAIN.
| The Senate resumed the consideration of the
| bill to enable the people of Oregon to form a con-
1 stitution and State government, and for the admis-
1 sion of such State into the Union.
' Mr. BROWN addiessed the Senate in opposi-
j tion to the bill.
j Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douclas,] who presses
i tins matter upon the Spnaro at this hour, has dis-
j tinctjy informed un that he does not expect to
secure the passage of this bill through Congress
• at thi:; session. He wishes, he tells us, to put it
■ upon its passage m the Senate, although he does
; not expect it to pass the House. The feeling
I manifested by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Buowv] and other Senators who have
spoken, or are striving to obtain the floor to speak
; on this question, ruaket-s it absolutely certain that
' we cannot, if we would, m the brief hour of our
i existence, carry it through the Senate. Nothing
whatever can be gained by spending the few re-
, maming moments of the session in wrangling over
this measure, f therefore hope the honorable
Senator from Illinois, who has charge of this
measure, and all of us who are its friends, will
now consent to lay it aside. There is no earthly
chance for the bill to poss through the Senate
to-day; and 1 hope we ahall agree, by common
consent, to lay aside this measure, and all other
measuies riot absolutely necessary to carry on the
Government until the meeting of the next Con-
gress.
The Congress of the United States, Mr. Presi-
dent, at this moment stands in a most extraordi-
nary position before the country. We, the rep-
resentatives of Christian America, on this hallowed
Sabbath morning, at ele ven o'clock, are in session,
engaged in the duties of legislation. At this very
hour, millions of our countrymen, summoned by
, the " church-gon-g bells," are assembling to en-
j gage in the services this sacred day brings along
i with it. Hundreds of thousands of our fellow-
! citizens, when they shall read the proceedings of
j this day, will feel sincere and deep regret. They
• will see no necessity for this violation of the com-
j raand to s< Remember the Sabbath day and keep
' it holy," and they will hold us to a just responsi-
bility for so conducting the public business as to
make it necessary that we should sit here at this
hour of the Sabbath, to consummate measures to
carry on the Government for the current year. I
am willing, sir, to act, this morning, upon those
measures which are absolutely indispensable to
enable the Administration to carry on the Gov-
ernment; but I am not willing to sit here at this
hpur of the Sabbath, wrangling over a measure
that cannot be consummated at this session. We
owe it to our characters, to the dignity of the Sen-
ate, and to the honor of the country, to close thia
unnecessary debate, which can lead to no practi-
cable result, and to put aside this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to make a suggestion
to my honorable friend. When California came
here to be admitted as a State, one great objection
to her application was, that she had not been
invited to come by act of Congress, according to
the established precedents, but that she had come
in like the State of Michigan, without a previous
: act of Congress authorizing her to apply for that
! purpose. It was only after a long contest that she
| was admitted. Now we have the case of Oregon,
' and this application is made in her behalf, inviting
j her to form a constitution and come in. That is
I the old way—the way upon which all were agreed
| before the case of Michigan. If we pass this bill,
, we shall provide for the admission of Oregon in
1 the old, customary,and unobjectionable way. If
j we do not, does not my honorable fr&nd see that
I shfi will come here at the next session of Congress,
j without an invitation, and subject to the objection
| that she has come prematurely, and without the
! authority of Congress?
I Again, can my honorable friend say that it is
j more important to pass a bill for paying creditors
j or for fulfilling contracts of the Government than
| it is to admit into this Union a State on the Pa-
cific coast? I think not, I think this is a very
good day. Legitimately and legislatively this is
Saturday, the 3d day of March. • It will be so on
the records, and so the world understands it. If,
however, the honorable Senator understands this
to be Sunday, and if it be so, I think this is a very
good deed to be done on this day.
Mr. WILSON. The honorable Senator from
New York, Mr. President, says that this is legiti-
mately and legislatively Saturday, the 3d day of
March—that it will be so on the records, and so
the world will understand it. I know, sir, that
legislatively, Sunday, the 4th day of March at
eleven o'clock, is Saturday, the 3d day of March;
but I think, and the unsophisticated people of the
country will think, that this, the 4th of March, is
Sabbath day, and that we should consult the dsg-
j nity of the Senate and the honor of the country by
| so regarding it. The honorable Senator from
j New York wished to know if I consider it more
■ important to pass the appropriation bills than to
, pass an act authorizing a Territory on the shores
j of the Pacific to form a State constitution. The
, honorable Senator knows that it is of the highest
| importance to pass the civil and diplomatic bill,
j not yet reported by your conference committee,
i in order to fulfill the obligations of the Government
| and to carry into effect \he laws of the country,
j I am as anxious as the honorable Senator from
I New York, or any other Senator can be, to wel-
| come Oregon into this Confederacy of free Com-
j monwealths, but the honorable Senator knowa
| that this bill cannot become a law at this session,
| that it cannot, by any possibility, pass the Senate,
I and that ail that can be gained by pressing it at
, this time, wiil be an hour's delay, in which its
j friends will gain nothing. 1 therefore appeal to
: the honorable Senator from Illinois to press the
! measure no further, and to the Senate to lay it
, aside by common consent.
j Mr. WELLER. I think I could very readily
; make a reply to the honorable Senator from Mia-
| sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] but, sir, I cannotconsent,
j upon the Sabbath, to engage in any secular busi-
i ness except that which is absolutely necessary;
< an^5 in my judgment, speaking js not at all neces-
j sary now. It is necessary to vote on these meas-
i ures; they ought to be decided. I stay here for
| the purpose of voting, but not for the purpose or
j speaking, on them. I am sorry that my friend.
, from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has not acted
j upon the same rule, and abstained from doing any
| business, except necessary business, on the Sab-
j bath,
I Mr. DOUGLAS, I ara perfectly satisfied, from
