1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
the demonstrations which we have had here, that
it is impossible to pass this bill this morning. We
are now within an hour and a half of the expira-
tion of the Thirty-Third Congress. As long as the i
discussion of this bill was confined to its oppo-
nents, I felt disposed to sit it out; but when I am
advised from the North that we had better not
press the bill, and when it is very clear that there
is a union of the extreme North and South against
us, it is perfectly hopeless to persist. I therefore
give up the struggle, and move that the bill lie on
the table.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, BelJ, Benjamin,
Brown,' Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas,
Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mailory, Mason, Morton, Pearee, Rusk, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucey, and Weils—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Brainerd, Chase, Fessenden, Foot, Gil-
lette, Houston, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and Wei-
ler—XI.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
EXAMINATION OF ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to asfi general consent
to enable the Committee on Enrolled Bills to carry
the bills yet to be signed to the President without
reading them word for word. They cannot do '
that; but they may examine them in pages,
sparsim, it" I "may use the expression, and in that
way test, with tolerable accuracy, the correctness
ofthe enrplled bills.
Mr, JONES, of Iowa. The committee cannot
do this without the consent of the Senate, and I
hope it will be granted.
There being no objection, it was
Ordered, That leave be given to the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, in examimng tliem, to use, in their discretion,
the best m^ans for ascertaining their correctness, winch
may be in iheir power, there not being tune to read them
thoroughly.
COURT HOUSE IN NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. WELLS. An amendment to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill was agreed to by the
Senate, making an appropriation for aiding in the
construction of a court house in Exeter, New
Hampshire, but in the hurry it was stricken out.
I am informed, however, by gentlemen of the
House, that if we pass the proposition as a sepa-
rate joint resolution, they will agree to it. 1 there-
fore ask leave to introduce a joint resolution pro-
viding for the construction of a court house for the
use of the United States at Exeter, New Hamp-
shire.
Leave was granted, and the joint resolution was
read a first time and ordered to a second reading.
It proposes to appropriate $15,000 for the pur-
pose, provided the authorities of the county of
Rockingham, New Hampshire, shall execute to
the United States & license for the perpetual use of
the court house by the United States, free of rent
or other charge.
Mr. WELLS. I ask for its present considera-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any new business
at this time.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made
the joint resolution cannot be considered now.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. XCcKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
they had passed the bill of the Senate to increase
the compensation of the registers of land offices
and receivers of public moneys, under the act en-
titled " An act to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands to actual settlers and cultivators,"
approved August 4, 1854.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled j
bills:
An act malting appropriations for the naval ser- |
vice for the year ending June 30, 1856; i
An actio increase the compensation of the regis-
ters of land offices and receivers of public moneys,
under the act entitled 1' An act to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands to actual set-
tlers and cultivators," approved August 4, 1854;
and
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending June 30, 1856, and for other purposes.
The liilla were then signed by the President
pro tempore.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a messagejrom the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
War containing all the information that can now
be furnished in reply to the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 28th of February, requiring a statement
of the number of muskets, rifles, and other arms
and equipments delivered to the State arsenals
respectively, the number remaining in hand, and
the number sold and accounted for; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States containing a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, with accompanying esti-
mates, and recommending that the appropriations
therein asked for be made; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a copy of the report of Lieutenant
M. L. Smith of the survey of the line between
Cedar Key and Amelia Island, in Florida; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
TEXAS BOUNDARY LINE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentof the United
States, transmitting a copy of an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of Texas, approved 11th Feb-
ruary, 1354, making partial provision for running
and marking the boundary line between that State
and the Territories of the United States from the
point where it leaves the Red river to its inter-
section with the Rio Grande, and appropriating
$10,000 for the purpose, when the United States
shall have made provision by an enactment of
law, for the appointment of the necessary officers
to join in the execution of the survey. The Pres-
ident recommends that precision be made by law
for the appointment of officers to act in conjunc-
tion with those to be appointed by the State of
Texas; and that $10>000, at least, be appropriated
for the payment of their salaries and other inci-
dental expenses. The message was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business.
The doors were reopened at twenty minutes before
twelve o'clock.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
an act to increase the compensation of the regis-
ters of land offices and receivers of public moneys
under the act entitled "An act to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands to actual set-
tlers and cultivators," approved August 4, 1854;
and
An act for the relief of Irene G-. Scarritt.
PINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I movethata commit-
tee of two members be appointed to join such
committee as may be appointed on the part of the
House of Representatives, to wait on the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that the
two Houses of Congress are ready to close the
present session of Congress by an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Fitzpat-
rick: and Mr. Foot were appointed the commit-
tee on the part of the Senate.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,informed the Senate
that the House had closed its business, and was
ready to adjourn, and had appointed Mr. George
W. Jokes,ofTennessee, and Mr. J. R.Chandler,
of Pennsylvania, a committee on their part, to join
the committee on the past of the Senate, to wait
on the President of the United States, and inform
him that, unless he had furiher communication to
make to the two Houses of Congress, they were
ready to close their respective sessions by an
adjournment.
The committee retired, and in a few minutes
returned.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, the
committee appointed on the part of the Senate to
wait on the President ef the United States, and
inform him that the two Houses have elosed their
labors and are ready to adjourn, hare performed
that duty, and received for answer, that he hag no
further communication to make to either branch
of Congress.
The PRESIDENT. The time for the expira-
tion of the session having arrived, nothing remain®
but for the Presiding Officer to declare the Seriate
adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 3,1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milborn.
The SPEAKER. It was impossible for the
Clerks to make up the Journal of yesterday in time
for the meeting of the House this morning.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Presidentof the United States trans-
mitting and recommending estimates of appropria-
tions made by the Secretary of the Interior for the
purpose of fulfilling the stipulations of the treaty
of 21st of January, 1855, with the Wyandot
Indians; which was, on motion by Mr. Olds, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from thePresident, trans-
mitting a copy of an act of the Legislature of Texas,
approved 11th February, 1854, making partial pro-
vision for running and marking the boundary
line between said State and the Territories of the
United States, from the point where said line leaves
the Red river to its intersection with the Rio
Grande, and appropriating $10,000 towards carry-
ing the same into cflect when the United Slates
shall have made provision, by enactment of law,
for the appointment of the necessaiy officers to
join in the execution of said survey. The Presi-
dent concludes the communication by a recom-
mendation that provision be made by law for the
appointment of officers to act in conjunction with
those to be appointed by the State of Texas, and
that the sum of $10,000, at least, be appropriated
for the payment of their salaries, and the necessary-
incidental expenses.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, the commu-
nication was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of 21st February, 1855,
the report and accompanying maps by ColonelC.
A. Fulli-r, of his late survey of Red river, in the
region of the raft; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, the report of the Secretary of Waron the
several Pacific railroad explorations, and accom-
panying maps; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from thePestmasterG-eneral,trans-
mitting a report of the fines imposed and deduc-
tions from the pay of contractors, made during
the preceding year for failures to deliver the mail,
or for any other cause, &c.; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the ninth annual report of the Board of Regents of
the operations, expenditures, and condition of the
Smithsonian Institution; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. UPHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave, in this
connection, to submit a report and accompanying
papers from the select committee raised to investi-
gate the management and condition of the Smith-
sonian Institution.
There waa no objection, and the report was
received.
Mr. UPHAM. A minority report will besub-
mitted; and I move that both reports be laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr UPHAM. I would now ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to introduce
