1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
and have passed a resolution authorizing the pay-
ment of the clerk of that select committee for the
time during which he has been employed.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
reported, as follows: v
Resolved, That the select committee of the House on the
Smttht-oman Institution be allowed to make compensa-
tion, at the usual rate, to a cleric for the period of ins ser-
viced.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
passed.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, what .disposi-
tion was made of the annual report of the Board
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution ? Was
there an order to print ?
The SPEAKER. The report was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed-.
Mr. ENGLISH Has there been a motion
made to print the usual number of extra copies?
The SPEAKER. There has not; but that
motion is now in order, and will go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. ENGLISH. I submit that motion.
The proposition for the printingof extra copies
of the report was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. DA VIS, of Indiana. I aek the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a res-
olution in reference to the order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia demands the regular order of business,
which is equivalent to an objection to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my call for the reg-
ular order of Business, in order that the gentle-
man's resolution may be introduced.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution. It is to facilitate our business,
and 1 do not think that there will be objection to
it. The House can fix the time as it pleases:
Remitsl, That three hours be now spt apart for the call
of Slates and Teirilories for reports and business senerally
to which no objection shall he made at any time before the
same is disposed of; and if objection be made, it shall bo
held as though such report, motion, bill, or resolution, had
not been received by the House; and no member shall be
entitled to the floor more than once under this resolution,
and said call shall begin where the same was left off on
Thursday last, under the order then made for that purpose,
and shall continue until all the States shall have been
called.
Mr. DISNEY. I object to that resolution, and
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is
the motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
taking up Senate bill (No. 549) to appropriate
money to remove obstructions m the Savannah
river, below the city of Savannah, in the State of
Georgia.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, there is a
bill for the District of Columbia here which was
passed early in the session, and which has come
back from the Senate with three small amendments.
I ask that they rrray be taken up for consideration.
It will not consume much time.
Mr. SEWARD. My colleague, [Mr. Bailev,]
who submitted the motion to suspend the rules,
which is now pending, is detained at home by
illness, and I would ask that, by unanimous con-
sent, its consideration be postponed for a little
while.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to remark
at the outset of the proceedings to-day, that it is
impossible to get along unless better order is pre-
served. The Chair feels like nerving himself to
the task of enforcing the rules and requiring the
business to be done m order, or not at all. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seward] requests
that, as the House is thin, his motion to suspend
the rules may be postponed for a few minutes.
Is there objection ?
Mr. HAMILTON. There is no objection. I
ask the consent of the House to take up a bill of
the House which has been returned from the
Senate with a single amendment, for the purpose
of concurring in that amendment.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object to everything,
and call for the regular order of business.
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of introducing
the resolution, of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Daws.]
The SPEAKER. One motion to suspend the
rules ia pending:, and another cannot be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understood the gen-
tleman from Georgia to withdraw his motion to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chaindid not so under-
stand him.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, sir, I appeal to
him to withdraw it until this resolution can be
adopted.
Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia. I have only to do
what seems to be the wish of a large majority of
the members present, I call for the regular order
I of business. —
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose of taking up Senate bill (No. 540) appro-
priating money to remove the obstructions in the
Savannah river, below the city of Savannah, in
the State of Georgia, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wieh to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Georgia. 1 appeal to that
gentleman to accept, as a substitute for his bill,
the bit! which has been reported for working the
dredging machines of the Government in all sec-
tions of the country, in the Savannah river, in
the northern lake?, in the Mississippi river, Mo-
bile, and all other points equally interested.
Mr. BAILEY. I have merely to say this: I
shall make no captious objection to the amendment
| which the gentleman from Alabama proposes to
| offer, but the work for which this bill is to provide
j has been delayed for such a length of time that 1
cannot consent to jeopardize it by accepting any-
| thing as an amendment to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object t(f discus-
sion .
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have a motion which
I desire to make if it is^in order. I wish to move
that the motion to suspend the rules be postponed
for one hour, for the purpose of taking up the
resolution of my colleague, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. BAILEY. 1 have no objection to that
arrangement.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit whether that motion
is in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
rise to a question of order. The Chair has an-
nounced his intention of inforcing the rule that
gentlemen shall rise from their seats when they
have motions to make. I ask that the Chair will
carry out his intention.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks that gentle-
men will remind him of his duty in regard to that
I matter. It is the intention of the Chair to inforce
the rule, and if, through inadvertence, he assign
the floor to any one who does not rise regularly in
his seat, if any gentleman will call his attention to
the fact, he will withdraw the recognition, and give
the floor to some other gentleman.
Mr. MACE. I desire to ask the Chair a ques-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. MACE. Well, I suppose we shall reach
the regular order in a r.hort time. I desire to
know whether, if this biil is taken up, we can
amend it hy substituting the river and harbor bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House that the Senate had insisted
upon certain amendments disagreed to by the
Llouse, had disagreed to certain amendments of
the House, and onked a committee of conference
upon the bill of the House making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June 30, 185G, and for other pur-
poses.
SAVANNAH RIVER AGAIN.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules; and the result was—yeas
7G, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appieton, Asbfi, Divid J. Bailey, Bri$-
tovv, Chamberlain, C'umd'pr, Cha-tmn, Clark, Olingman,
Cook, Cox. Crocker,Callow, Cutting.DeWitt,Dickinson,
Dmvdell, Dunbar, Ifostmau, EdinaniN, John M. Elliott, ;
Fiagler, Florence, Gicidnigs, Gooilik-h, Greenwood, An- ;
drew J. f-Iarlan, Haven, Ilenn, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Kerr, I
Latham, Lindsley, MeDongall, Maey, IWatteson, Maxwell,
May. Morgan, Nichols, Mordeeai Oliver, Pennington, Phil-
lips, Ready. Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Bob-
bins, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Shannon,
Shower, Simmons, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratum,* Straub, John I..
Taylor, Teller, Tweed, Opham, Vansant, Wade, Wailey,.
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, W.JIs, John
Wctnworth, Tappan Wentworth, and Westbrqok—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Bridges, Carpenter, Chrisinan, John C.
Davis, Thomas Davis, Dunham, Edmundson, Ellison,
English, Everhart, Parley,Fuller. Goode, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Mace, Mayail,Meachani,
Smith Miller, Milleon, Murray, Norton, Parker, Phelps,
William Smith, William E. Smith, Trout, and Walsh—3j.
No quorum voting.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
House to ascertain whether a quorum was present,
and announced that one hundred and thirty-seven
member?—a quorum—were present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would suggest that, by-
unanimous consent, thosegentlemen in the House
who have not voted may be allowed to vote,
whether they were within the bar or not.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
* The question was sgain taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appieton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Banks,
Reason, ilnstow, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chastam, Clark,
Chngman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullomu Dawson,
Do Wilt, Dickinson, Dowdcll, Dunbar, Eastman.Edgerton,
Edroands, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Eiheridge,
Everhait, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Giddings, Goodrich,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan,Haven, Henn,
I Hill, Howe, Hughes, Kerr, Knox, Latham, Lindsley, Me-
; llongall, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, May, Meachani, Mid-
dlesivarth, Morgan Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Pennington,
Phillips, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey,
Robbius, Russell, Sabin. Sage, Sapp, Sewaid, Seymour,
Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Stratum, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Teller, Tracy, Tweed, Uphani, Vansant, Wade, Wailey,
Kthhii li. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells. John
Wemworth, Tappan Wentworth, and Westhrook—99.
NAYS—Messis. James C. Allen, Belcher, Bridges,
Carpenter, Chrisman. Ccbb, Curtis, Dunham. Edmundson,
Ellison, English, Farley, Faulkner, Fuller, Goode, Hamil-
ton, Aaron Harlan, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, IngersoH,
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,, Kurtz, Lamb,
Letcher, McNair, Mace, Maynll, Smith Miller, Million,
Olds, Parker, Phelps, David Ritchie, Rowe, William
Smith, Walsh, and Uendrick B. Wright—40.
So, two thirds having voted in the affirmative,
the rules were suspended, and the bill taken up
for consideration.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. BAILEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
It appropriates $160,000 for the removal of the
obstructions in the Savannah river, below the city
of Savannah, placed there during the revolution-
ary war for the common defense.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BAILEY, f demand the previous ques--
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I move to lay the bill upon the
table, and demand the yeas and nays upon that.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeaa
85, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appieton, Ashe, David J.Bailey, Banks,
Benson, Benton. Urislow, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler,
Chastian. Clark, Chngman, Cook, Crockei, Ctilloiii, De
Witt, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Edmarids,
Thomas D. Eliot, Eiheridae, Eveihart, Fhgtcr, Florence,
Goodrich, Green, flaven, Henn, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hunt,
Knox, LimWey, MeDonjiall, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell,
May, Meacham, Middleswaith, Morean, Mordeeai Oliver,
Packer, Peckham, Pennington, Preston, Puryear, Reedy,
Reese, Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Ruffln, Rus-
sell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
Simmons, William It. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor
L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John X. Tavlor, Teller,
Thurston, Tracy,Tweed, (Jpham, Vansant,Wade,Wailey,
EllihuB. Washburne, Isiacl Washburn,Weils, John Went-
worth, and Tappan Wentworth—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Jame, C\ Allen, Belcher, Bcoek,
Bridges, Ca=kie, Uhrisman, Cobb, Cox, Thomas Davis,
Dawson, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English,
Farley, Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Wiley P. Harris Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston,
