THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C: RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
IjGd Coj.tiitfc.s.b, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1855.
New Semes No. 73.
Infers11!!. Johnson, Da'itel T. Jone ,, George W. Jones, j
Kuriz, Lamb, Letcher, Lewi*, MeCulloch, MeNair, Mare, |
Maunee, Mayall, Smith MtHer, Millson, Munay, Nichols, !
Norton,Olds. Andrew Oliver, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, i
I'ringle, Ilowe, Stratton, Straub, John J. Taylor, Trout, j
Walsh, Wheeler, Wm<, and Ilcndrick 13. Wright—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to recoflsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK obtained the floor.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I lise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House insist upon its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate to the
Post Office appropriation bill, and that a committee
of conference be appointed to meet a like commit-
tee on the patt of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Messrs. Houston, Ready,
and Dawson said committee on the part of the
House.
ST. CLAIR PLATS.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that Senate bill No. 489
may now be taken from the Speaker's table and
considered by the House.
Mr. MAURICE. What bill is it?
The Clerk reported the title of the bill, as fol-
lows:
An act making appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair Plats, and for deepening
the channel over the flats in the Sc. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan.
Mr WALSH. I object.
Mr. CLARK. Believing that I have a right
to claim this indulgence from the House, 1 ask a
suspension of the rules.
REPORTS OF THE LAND OFFICE AND SMITH-
SONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. RUSSELL. I have a privileged question
to present. 1 am instructed by ihe Committee on
Printing to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed six thousand extra
copies < f the annual report of Ihe Smithsonian institution,
four thousand (or the use of member, ami two thousand
for the Institution ; and a! o five, hundred extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of the Land Office lor the
use of said Commissioner.
The resolution was adopted.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the commit-
tee of conference upon the Army appropriation i
bill. j
The Clerk read the report, which is as follows: 1
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of j
the two Houses on the amendments to bill No. 5G0, making j
appropriation* for the support of tueArmy for the year j
ending the3Uih of June. 185G, met, and alter full and lice j
conference. have agreed to recommend to their respective ,
Houses as follows; ;
That the Senate recede from the sixth, fourteenth, fif-
teenth, seventeenth and twentieth amendments, disagreed to
by the Hou-^e. That the House agree to ihe Un  teenth amend-
ment of the Senate, with amendments as follows: inline
eight, after the word " propei ty," insertof American cit-
izensin line twelve, alter the word •' property," insei tk* of
American citizens;" in line twenty-five, alter the word
<* each," insert" during the time of their >eivices in Cal-
ifornia;" in line thirty seven, after the word "biard,"
insertriot exceeding ihe u&ual mileage ofan office) going
to and iPturnmg from California, and;" and in line ihirty-
eight, after the word "nrmber," insert ♦•lor necessary
travel in California." Attheendoflheamendmentadd the
following:
Pjovii/cd, Aou>ei«er,That said hoard shall not continue its
service exceeding one year: Provided, further, That itshall
be lawful for the President ot the United States alone to
appoint such of the commissioned officers authorized by
this act below the grade of field officers as may not be ap
pointed during the present session, as in case of vacancies
occurring during the recess of Congress.
JAMCS SHIELDS,
ISAAC TOUCHY,
JOHN 15. WELLER,
Murtagcts on the part of the Senate.
CHARLES J. FAULKNER,
JOIJ.V L.TAYLOR,
Managers on the pint of the House.
The following shows the recommendation of the
«ommittee of conference m detail:
The Senate to recede from the following:
Sixth amendment:
For surveys for military defenses of the sea and inland
frontier, $15,000.
Fourteenth amendment:
Sec. 3 Jind heit further enacted, That the provisions of
an act entitled " An act for the, payment of the civil officers
employed in the Territory of New'Mexico while under mil-
itary governme nt," approved J uly 17,1854, be, and the same
are hereby, extended to embrace the case of Lieutenant
Colonel J. M. Washington, deceased, late of the Army, for
and during the period of his appointment and scrviee as
military Governor of New Mexico, ex officio superimend-
ent of Indian affairs, and commander of the troops prior to
the formation of the civil government.
Fifteenth amendment:
Sec. 4. Jind beit further enicted, That the sum of $30,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be expended,
under the direction of the War Department, in the purchase
and importation of camels and dromedaries to be employed
for military purposes.
Seventeenth amendment:
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the same allow-
ance in respect of rations be hereafter made to ihe military
superintendent of the Schuylkill arsenal in the quarter-
master's department as to the commandants of the arsenals
in the ordnance department.
Twentieth amendment:
And be it further enacted. That the Governorsof the sev-
eral State* and Territories be, and they are hereby, author-
ized io sell, to the be-t advantage, the arms heretofore dis-
tributed under the act of April 28,1808, and invest the funds
ariemg out of such salon in other arms more suitable for the
purposes contemplated by said act: Provided, That no arms
be so purchased or provided, except such as may be of the
same descup.ion and caliber a* those regularly adopted and
in use m the Army of the United States.
The House to recede from its disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, and the
same to be amended so as to read as follows:
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the board of officers
app inted under the sixth section of the act making appro-
priations lor the support of the Armv for the year ending
June 30, 1853, approved August 31, 18"^, is hereby author-
ized and directed, in addition to the powers and duties
already conferred upon it, to extend i<s examinations to
claims arising fioui the destruction of property of American
citizens by the troops sei vmg under the command of Lieu-
unant Colonel John C.Filmont, in California, in the years
I&48 and 1847, by his orders, as well as lor the destruc-
tion of'propertvot American citizens by the enemy, caused
by the occupancy of the claimant's premises by the said
United States troops ; that the said board h empowered to
summon and examine witnesses under oath, and take tes-
timony in California (if necessary) and elsewhere ; that for
the payment of the cl urns reported favorably upon by
the board in its report to the Secretary ot War, dated 5 h
December, 1854, Executive document 8, Thirty-Third Con-
gress, second session, including that numbered 197. being
the claim of Santiago E ArgueHo. and amounting to$i 1,584,
and for the compensation of the members ol paid boaid,
for and during their period of -ervice as such, at a rate not
exceeding $3 000 per annum each, during ihe time of their
sei vices in California, deducting therefidm their army piv,
the sum of §40,548 be, and the same is hereby, appropn
atcd out of any money m the Treasuiy not otherwise
appropriated; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized ami dtneted to pay to the irea-urer of t-aid
board, out of any mom y in the Tiea^ury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the turn of *£10.000 lor the contingent expenses
of toe said board, including then in office rent and clerk's
hire, stationery. iu-l, the pajmeiit of me witnes^e*' fees
duly summoned by the board, at a rate not exceeding tho-e
paid by the Uni'u d State* district courts m California or
Gist where, as the case may be, the traveling expenses of
feanl boatd nut exceeding the uMinl mileage ot our officers
going to and leturrnng tiom California, a.id not exceeding
.-ixteen ceius per mile u> i ach memb r, f <r neces>nry travel
in California, and other incidental expenses: P,oitdedy
however, That said board shall not commie tile service
exceeding one year: ProvUid fmthcr, That it shall be
lawful for the President i.f ihe United States alone, to
appoint t-uch of the nimmi«innpil officers authorized by
this act, below thegrade ol field officers, as may not be ap
pointed during the pre?eut session, a< m the case of vacaa-
ctes oceuinng during tne receso ot Congress
Mr. PHELPS. Is the report of the committee
of conference now before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a few words
with reference to it.
[Cries of «' Move the previous question !"]
Mr. PHELPS, No, sir. I am not going into
a discussion of this matter. But 1 could not con-
cur m the report which has been made by the
committee of conference. I was opposed to ex-
lending and enlarging the duties of the board of
officers who were appointed under the act of 1852
to examine claims for subsistence and supplies
, furnished to the troops under the command of
Colonel Fremont, in California. The amendment
of the Senate enlarged their duties and extended
their inquiries to claims for property destroyed by
Colonel Fremont, or by his order. It was stated
in this House, only yesterday, that no property
was destroyed in California by order of Colonel
Fremont.
Mr. BENTON, (Mr. Phelps yielding the
floor.) I have no doubt in the world that this is
a false claim.
j Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask the gentle-
man what is the name of the gentleman he refers
! to ?
! Mr. BENTON. I do not know who they are
! and I do not care who they are. Sir, Colonel
| Fremont has been before this board. He was
I anxious unto shame that every man should be
S paid who had a just claim. I know he has paid
money out of his own pocket to widows and
others, and never told it to the Government, or to
anybody else. He was anxious that every just
claim should be paid, but at the same time, know-
ing that there were unjust and unfounded claims,
he urged the Government, five or six years ago,
to settle at once while it could be done, and keep
false claims from coming here afterwards. Now,
if this man has & just claim, let him show Fre-
mont's word for it. He is now in California, but
will be here before the next session.
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman from
; Missouri allow me to say a word ?
! Mr. PHELPS. Not'now. I have but a few
| more words to say, and then 1 will yield the floor.
! Well, Mr. Speaker, I was opposed to sending this
! board of officers to California to investigate any
claims whatever. We have established acourtof
claims. That tribunal is to sit in this city. It ia
provided with a solicitor who is to protect the in-
terests of the Government, and it has power to
send for testimony. If claims shall be preferred
before this court of claims arising out of the mili-
tary operations in California, testimony can be
taken, under the direction of the court of claims,
j in the State of California. But instead of that,
I it is proposed to send a roving commission through
j the Sraie of California, for the purpose of hunting
: up claims asoinst the Government—a privilege
i which is notexiended to the people of any other
I State in the Union. This board is composed of
, military officers. Let them remain at their proper
[ posts, instead of being charged with duties which
properly belong to civilians,or which nowproperly
belong to the court of claims which you have es-
tablished at this session of Congress. These are
the reasons why I cannot concur in the report of
the committee of conference. In the other por-
tions of that report I concur.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Missouri, if the Army
1 officers upon this board are not getting much larger
1 compensation for this service than they would
1 receive for the performance of their regular duties
I as officers of the Army' And whether, if this
| proposition passes, it will not, at least, continue
them, whether they have any business to do or
not, until ihe end of another long session of Con-
: gress, or for nearly two years from this time?
i Mr. PHELPS. Theircompensation is greatly
; increased,even with the modifications recommend-
i ed by the committee of conference. Their com-
pensation, as I am informed and believe, under the
: amendment in the form in which it passed the
Senate, would amount to about $8,000 per annum.
There have been some modifications of the amend-
ment made by the committee of conference which
will somewhat reduce the amount. I think their
compensation, even under the modified form of
the amendment, would amount to something like
$6,000.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now move the previous
question upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 ask of this House that
i; I shall have the privilege of replying to the gentle-
j| man from Missouri. As the introducer of th©
i; report I certainlv ought to be heard.
j! The SPEA.KER.. The gentleman from Vir-
iiginia [Mr. Faulkner] made this report, and was
73
