1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
and as it is just and proper, I hope this committee j
will concur in it. j
Mr. HOUSTON. If I knew nothing of my :
rights here the gentleman from Kentucky is the t
very last man to whom I should go to learn, for |
two or three reasons that it is now unnecessary
to state. I do not propose to control the action of
this committee at all. I stated, distinctly and can-
didly, to the committee at the start that we had
thes$ amendments informally before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Mean?, and that, if it was the
pleasure of this committee, I would state the
opinion to which we had come. I did suppose
that every member of the House, with the ^ex-
ception, perhaps, of the gentleman from Ken- I
tueky, would be glad to obtain any information ,
from any source in reference to these amendments, j
If it is not the pleasure of the committee to hear
our opinions, it ia certainly no pleasure to me to
state them.
The question nowbeing upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate,
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright,of
Pennsylvania, and Witte, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 38.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 40, after line twenty-two, insert the following:
For the renewal of the furnaces in the General Post Office
Building, and for repairing the mantels and fire-places there-
in, $2,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page 40, strike out the following words:
" Provided) All blank books, binding, and ruling the same
for the several executive departments herein appropriated
ft>r, shall be furnished under the direction and supervision
of the Superintendent of Public printing."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
that proviso was stricken out by mistake. The
Committee on Finance of the Senate did not rec-
ommend it, but it was clone under a mistake. I
hope this committee will, therefore, non-concur in
the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 47, after line ten, insert the following;:
For construction of a warden's house, an outer yard,
and twelve cells, and fixtures for ihe penitentiary m the
Territory of Utah, $13,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. Agree to that.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page 49, lines eighteen and nineteen, strike out" 41," and
insert69;" so that the clause wilt read :
For salaries of the Chief Juj-tire of the Supieme Court,
and eight Associate Judyen, $(};),0M.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means rccommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with an amendment to strike out
'* $63,000," and insert $54,000" in lieu thereof.
I will state in half a dozen words the effect of the
amendment. The Senate put in an amendment
increasing the salary of the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States to $7,500,
ana the salaries of the Associate Judges to ^7,000.
The Corfimittee of Ways and Means have in-
structed me to recommend a concurrence in that
amendment with an amendment fixing the salary
of the Chief Justice at $6,500, and the salaries of
the Associate Justices at §6,000.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I am opposed to the
amendmentproposed by the chairman of theCom- j
mittee of Ways and Means, which proposes to !
amend the amendment of the Senate which fixes
the salary of the Chief Justice at $7,500, and the
salaries of the Associate Justices at §7,000, so as
to fix the former at $0,500, and thelatterat $6,000.
I am opposed to amending the amendment of the
Senate, and, therefore, opposed to the proposition
of the gentleman from Alabama, i beiieve that
these gentlemen richly deserve the compensation !
which the Senate of the United States propose to
give them. I wish to say here, in my place, that
1 thmk the eminent Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the Associate
Judges deserve the increase of salary which the
Senate propose to give them.
[Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having taken the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Asbury Dickins,
their Secretary, requesting the return of the pav'al
appropriation bill. The committee then resumed
its session.]
Mr. TAYLOR, (continuing.) I know the im-
patience of the committee, and I shall not trespass
upon their time long, though, tf I were to follow
the example of some of my friends upon this
floor, I should speak an hour upon this question.
But 1 shall say but very few words in relation to
this amendment. I wish to say whilst we pay
the Attorney General and the members of the
Cabinet §8,000 a year, we ought not to deny to the
Judges of the Supreme Court the increase of sal-
ary proposed by the Senate. Sir, I entertain the
same opinion with regard to the members of the
Cabinet, except the Secretary of State, that Mr.
John Quincy Adams, I am told, often expressed,
viz: that any good business man, of honest prin-
ciples, could transact the business of those Depart-
ments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interposing.) The
Senate have just sent a message here asking the
return of the naval appropriation bill. I desire
that the bill shall be returned, and in order that
it may be done it will be necessary for the com-
mittee to rise and for us to go into the House, and
when we get into the House I shall move to close
the general debate upon these amendments.
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot give way for that
purpose.
Mr. CUTTING. Oh.Ihopethegentleman will
give way. The object of all of us is to advance
the public business, and this will take but a mo-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR. Well, I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JONES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. Our) having taken the chair, the Chair-
man of the committee reported that the committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
i the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the amendments of theSenate to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, and had come
to no resolution thereto.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House return
the naval appropriation bill to the Senate, as
requested by that body.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL CLOSE OP
DEBATE.
Mr. JONES. I now submit a resolution to
close debate on theSenate amendments to the civil
and diplomatic bill in five minutes after its consid-
eration shall have been resumed in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and on
that resolution 1 call the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for a division on
that. I
Mr. HOUSTON, (to Mr. Wheuler ) If you i
want longer time, say so.
Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman from Ohio
request longer time?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I only want ten
minutes.
Mr. JONES. Then I modify the resolution
so as to close debate in ten minutes after its con-
sideration shall have been resumed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation of the previous question, the resolution
was adopted
Mr. JONES. I now move to suspend the rules,
1 and go into the Committee of the Whole on the8
state of the Union.
AUMV APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a privileged motion
which 1 desire to submit. The committee of con-
ference on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, has met the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate, on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the hill making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the ensuing fiscal
year, and we have been unable to agree. This
has been the second committee of conference that
has met the Senate committee, and I therefore
submit a motion that the House adhere to its dis-
agreement; and on that motion 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to make a statement
to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Orr in the
chair.) The previous question has been demanded,
and debate is rot in .Titer,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE took the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask a vote on the aemand
for the previous question. .
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of
order The previous question has been demanded.
Mr". BRECKINRIDGE. I rise for the purpose
of appealing to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] to withdraw his call for the previous
question, in order that we may make one more
effort, by having another committee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. The report of the committee
of conference on the disagreement is not debat-
able; and the motion in order is, either to insist on
our action or to ask a committee of conference.
These are the only two motions in order, and
neither of them is debatable.
Mr. PHELPS. I have submitted this motion
on due consideration. Two committees of con-
ference have met. the committee on the part of ihe
Senate, and the House refused to agree to the first
report of the committee. In the second conference
the committee were unable to agree, and we have
not time to spend longer in these committees of
conference. I would cheerfully yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Benton,] but time is precious, and I
must insist on the previous question on my motion
to adhere.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I give notice that, if
the [louse will vote down the demand for the
previous question, I will ask for another committee
of conference.
Mr. CUTTING. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to ask a question ?
Mr. WALSH. No; the previous question has
been called for.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a personal explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection the gentleman from Missouri may pro-
ceed with his personal explanation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. MATTESON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
to call for the yeas and nays on seconding 'the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. CU TTING. I am requested by a large
number of gentlemen to inquire what is the pre-
cise point of disagreement. If we knew that, we
could vote; but if we do not know it, we cannot
vote. I desire simply to know the point of disa-
greement'
Mr. HOUSTON. I would state that it is not
in order to make an inquiry of this kind. I am
going to appeal to the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] to withdraw his report, and to
meet again the committee of conference on the
part, of the Senate, and see if they cannot come to
some adjustment,
Mr. PHELPS. It appears to be the wish of
the House that this course should be pursued. I
therefore withdraw my motion.
The question recurred on Mr. Jones's motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask permission to pre-
sent a report from the select committee on the
Smithsonian Institution, not to be acted upon, but
to be laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived, and was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. As the gentleman from
Missouri has withdrawn the call for the previous
question, I ask to offer a joint resolution to pay
extra compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
insist that my motion be put to the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker:
A joint resolution for a final adjustment of the
accounts of John D. Colmesnil;
An act to establish Columbus, in the State of
Mississippi, Chattanooga, in the State of Ten-
