1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the Mobile custom-house with granite facing in-
stead of brick. The appropriation of the last
session was made under the expectation that a
brick budding would be erected. The Secretary
of the Treasury has had an examination made,
and the engineer has reported that in consequence
of the chuiate, and its tfFect on brick, gtanite
would have to be substituted. I hope the Senate
amendment may be concurred in, I now with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. COX. I object to the withdrawal of the
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Messrs. Noble and Ashe were appointed tellers.
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in, the tellers having reported
—ayes 92, noes 31.
Fourteenth amendment:
Under the head of intercourse with foreign nations, insert
as lollows: •
For Hutaiie* of envoys extraordinary and ministers pleni-
potentiary of the United States, $,2u7,r>00.
For salaries ofs>cciet.uiea of legation, $4-1,500.
For salary of the commissioner to tn ; Sandwich Inlands,
$0,0110.
Fur the dragoman to (he minion to Turkey, $2 500.
For !h<- inteipn terto the mission to China, $-,5 !0.
For the salaries ol consuls of the United Stub .$^71,750.
For return allowances of ministers and comminHoiiers
abroad, or so mucin thereof as may be necessary,
For contingent exp' nt>i-s of ail tin- ii)i-*Monb abroad, or so
much thereof as ma> be necessary, $90,543 7o.
Mr. HAVEN. These appropriations, although
large, are in conformity with the provisions of tiie
bill which was passed during thi3 session for the
purpos* of regulating our lmercomse abroad. I
hope that it may be concurred in.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. The item for
contingencies, $90,543 75, seems to be large, and
X should like to have some explanation of it.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Oh, no. Let
us go it blind, f Laughter.]
Mr. tlOUSrON. There is so much confusion
that il 18 impoemibie to hear what is being done,
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
to amend that amendment by striking out the ninth,
tenth, a id eleventh lines, as follows:
For return allowances to ministers and commissioners
abioad, or &o much thereof as may be necessary, $48,873.
The reason for striking that out is that the recent
consular bill winch passed both Houses, makes
provision for excluding foreign ministers from any
return allowances as well as outfits. This provis-
ion proposes to take effect the l.st of July n«xt,at
the same liir.e that this bill takes effect. Asa matter
of course, therefore, I think this allowance is en-
tirely unnecessai y.
Tne amendment was agreed to.
The question then recuired upon concurring in
the amendment aa amended,and being taken, was
decided in ilie affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
In pa^e 00, line one, strike out to paqe 61, line one, aa
follows:
'k or salary of mini-tors of the United Slates to Great
Britain, From;*, Rn^ia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Peru, Mex
ico, ami Chili, $bl,0U0.
il For salaries of secretaries of legation to the sameplaccs,
$1B,UU0. "
k< For salary of a minister resident to Turkey, $6,00).
t( For salaiy ol the dragoman to the legation to Turkey,
$2,0 0.
u For payment of thedrafi of Francis Daine^e, Into United
Stales consul for Constantinople, ol December 20, 18.W,
b< ititj for compensation under the act approved 11 tit August,
1818, of hi - «>•' vices from tin* 16th May, 1849, to the '20th ol
December, 183*2, inclusive, $3,5 4 40.
" For .salaries ol clmrtre d'nlfancsor ministers resident to
Portugal, Au-tii.i, Denmark, riwiden, Holland, Belgium,
Naples, riatdmia, the Papal States, New Granada, Vene-
zu< In, Ayres, Bolivia, Ecuador, Switzerland, Nic-
aragua and Guaiem >Ia, .570,.",00.
" For ealary of a clerk to the United State* legation at
London, $8t<0.
" For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$40,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. We have just adopted an
amendment that is to be inserted m lieu of this.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Paye lU, hno five, after the word "Powers"' strike out
the word ••nine," aad insert" six" in the following para-
graph : :
'• For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary Powers. .
$9,OOJ •'
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
Tne amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 61, after line five, strike out all to the end of line
six, page (>J, as follows :
" For .-alary of the consul at London, $f\000.
' For salary ol ihceunmisa.ionerto the Sandwich Islands,
$5.01)).
•' For interpreters, guards and "(hot expensesof the con-
sulates at Constantinople, Snivrna, Caoaia,aml Alexandria,
For office rent of ihe consuls at Basle and Zurich, in
Su't(z<.riand, $200
u For t-alaij o{ a commissioner to reside in China,$9,000.
u For ^alaiy of ihe inleiprelur and secreturj to said mis-
sion,
<' For Mdary of a consul gennal at Alexandria, $">,000.
lK For compensation to the consuls at the five pons in
China, vi£: Kwa.-g Chow, Amoy, Fuchovv, Nmg Po, and
Shanghai,
Mr. HOUSTON. That is ofthe same character
as the ether. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Pa«e t>3, si rike out the following:
u For eleik hire, otVioe >uit, and other expenses ofthe
office of the consul of the United States at Leghorn,
! $2/U0.
" For salary of the consul at Beironr,m Syria, .«3,roo
and insert, at the end of the following paragraph :
" For ihe purchase of hlank hook*, stationery, arms ofthe
United States, pre^se>, and digs, ami for tin; payment of
po-tagrs tor the consuls of ihe United Stales, $10,000;"
as follows *
F.ir compensation of a consul general to reside ar Si-
inoda, in Japan, at the rate of^OUU per annual, J$3,7o0.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
At Ihe end of hue fourteen, pageG'3, insert the following :
To ri imburM* Commodoie M C. Perry, of the United
States Navy, tor ihe exuaordinary e.xncnses incurred by
him on hn  recent tuition to Japan, and as a consideration
for Ins t mine nt public «<m vice m ejecting a treaty of amity
and eoinmeiee with that power, §20 ().)U, Jo he received til
lu;l of all expense*or oilier charges incurred by hunoh that
nnhMon,
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
1 nsert, affr line fourteen, page f>3, the following word?:
And the Secreuvy ol the Tu\isnry is hereby directed to
pay, out of atiy money m the Treasury not olhervvise
appropriated, to Robert C. Schenek, of Ohio, for his fuN
compensation while emntoyed as Hnvoy Extraordinary and
Minister PlempMcntwry of ihe United Slates, on special
mi-Mon to the (Jriemal Republic ol" Uruguay, in the year
1W3*2, the Mim of §0 ()!)(); and for his lull compensation as
minister PlPiupotentia«> and I'uvoy Extraordinary ol the
United States, on special nii^Mon to the ArgeutimMJon-
Iti deration in th«j year the s>um of §9.' 00 ; Mich pay
meat to he in lieu nf the. per diem provided for said Hubert
C. Hchenek, in the act " luaUmg appropriations for the civil
and diploiu ttic expenses of the Government," approved
August'!, IHj-l.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am instructed Uj
the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend a non-cncurrenee in that amendment.
Mr. WHEELER, Before the question is taken
upon that amendment, i desire that the law re-
Utmg lo such cases as this may be read.
The Clerk read as follow?:
liJ2nd be it fiuth''r enactc?. That no person, hereafter,
who holds or t-hall hold any office undei the Government
I of the t/ntted Hi ites, wIiom; ^nl  ry or annual compensation
-hall amount to the sum ol .5-^00, Miall receive eo-npensa-
tiou for dinchai^ut^ tin: duu« a of any other
Mr. TAYLOlt, of Ohm. I demand tellers upon
j coneu'rtng in that amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Taylor, of
Ohio, and Walsh were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 50.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Twenty first amendment:
To enah'e the Secretary of^tate, through the diplomatic
and consular repi«sf'ntative'; of Ihc Umt< d States in for i
eij;n countries, io -iliurd relief, and to provide the means of i
returning home, to s«ucli citizens of the United States m
foreign countries as way have been reduced to a ctate of ■
desiitunon of the neces-aru^ of life, by shipwreck or jIm;
neee-s^ary ab'Uidrtnmf nt of the vessel in which they had ;
cmharked, and al-o to sirh citiZ'-n< of the United States |
as, heiiut on their wav from one part of die United States I
to another, have U' o >me decimate m foreien e^untrie^ in !
consecpjerice of blnpwieek, disea>e, or ativ other casualtv,
^0,(0U.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am instructed by
theConnmttee of Ways and Means to recommend
a non-concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Twenty-second amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to retmb'ir^e to Edward
Kiddle such sum as^hall be satisfactorily shown to have
been < xpend< d by him, or which sai l Iliddle mny have ob-
ligated him t if r  pav «>u account of hi- • flieial position at
the industrial exhibition at London, EnshMid, or so much
as shall he ncce-sary, §26,0(0 : ProvVcf?, That po portion
ofthe payments m  <lo pro r~ ta by contributors to said ex-
hibition shall be r« carded as within tl i- aj propriauon.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not desire to
make a speech upon this proposition, but simply
to remark to the committee that it proposes to re-
imburse Mr. Riddle a sum of money alleged to
have been expended by him without a shadow of
authority. Now, if individuals ail over the coun-
try can charge the Treasury of the United States
at will, we have no control over that Treasury.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Page 71, after line seventeen, insert a« follows:
For surveying the b.v>e, principal meridian, correction
parallels, township, and section lines in the Territory of
Utah at aucmcnted rates, .*$50,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Page 71, after line twenty-three, (in the clause providing
for the olficers of the penitentiary in the District of Colum-
bia,) insert a^ follows:
And twenty per cent, additional salary hereby appro-
pnatcd io he paid to the said officers of the penitentiary,
which per cent, thall commence from the 1st day of July,
1«;>3.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Themojority ofthe
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Page 73, alier Kno ten, insert as follows :
For filling up ihe present canal basin, and the construction
of two new basins, and lor clearing out the Washington
branch of the Uhej-.tpeako and Ohio Uanal, the sum of
.$113 408 dO is hereby appropriated: Provided, however,
that no money shall be expended until the Chesapeake and
Ohio Uanal Company shall raise the bridges in Georgetown
acios* the canal to the height required bv the report of
Li- u'enant B S. Alexander to ihe Secretary of War, of
date the lu;ti day nf February, 1853 : Jbul jrrovidcd further,
That said work shall be done according to the plans and
estimates submitted in the report of said Lieutenant Alex-
ander, if said plans and estimates shall meet the approval
of ihe Secretary of War, and said appropriation shall be
expendtd under his direction.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Page 7G, line twenty-one, a ter the word "extension,
insert ihe following:
Under the direction ofthe President of the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Page 77, after line t'uneen, insert:
I' or footway on north front of the President's House, In
lieu ol the buck pavement, now much broken, containing
seventeen thousand one hundred and seventy six square
foot, at twenty eight cents per toot, .$3,809 28.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
f or fim.-hing the brick pavement on the south front of
Lafayette square, $1.0J0,
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
«■ )Foo0in;ilan£ a culveri> antl improving Judiciary square
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The commi'tee rec-
ommend non-concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
For rejiairmrj and extending culvert running from the
apitol g>ound* to the. center of south Capitol street, to-
ward* the canal, $3,000.
Mr. RRECKf NRIDGE. The commit'ee rec-
ommend non-concurrence in that amendment.
I he amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
After line three, on pajre 7y, insert as follows :
1ntinu,n8 the work on the Washington aqueduct,
