1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
Mr. WiTTE. I have an amendment which I
desiie to ofFcr here.
The ainendmei) t to theamend ment wag reported,
as follows:
Strikeout the Senate amendment, and insert the follow-
ing :
For the introduction of an abundant supply of water into
the ctty of VVat-lniijrNjiJ, on or betore the Nr day of J.tnnaiy.
1837. on the pl.ni ot Loinmon & (Jo., OjO : Provide-!,
A conuactis firfimado with them in accordance withtheir
propos.nl, and the wlio'e c >st doea not ex"e<-d $l.UUU,000;
they j|Uiiiant< einp: the efficiency, permanency, and mainte-
nance ol t in works lor tour yeaia after completion, a* pro-
poned by them. The whole to be appioved by ilie Presi-
dent of the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton
and Chamberlain were appointed.
The coiiiiMnee divided; and the tellers reported
—nyes 82, noes 74.
So ihe amendment v/as concurred in.
[Applause m the £ailerie-.]
Mr. WALSH. Theie is a specimen of the
way this m-Atter is carried on.
Mr. KEI IT. The Chair must declare to the
galleries that this thing- is disgraceful.
(Gveat confusion and disorder ]
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. 1 move that the gal*
leries be < ieared.
Mr. ORR. I hope that the motion will be so
modified as to clear the gentlemen's galleries.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
gentleman from Ohio will withdraw hia motion to
clear the galleries. The galleries are in better order
than this House.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw mv motion, but I
give notice ihat I will renew it if the applause in
the galleries is a«rain renewed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
remind the commit'ee if like disorder occurs again,
that the utmost powers of the Chair will be ex-
ert.«i to keer  artier, tfV Ci!ier the disorder occurs
in the galleries or in the House.
Thirty-first and a half amendment:
Page 79, after line seventeen, add the following :
For compensation of thirty clerk-of clas>s> one; ten of
class two; nine of cla^s three, and one at J$2,b00 per
annum ; one messenger at §840 ; one messenger at £6t'0;
two laborers at $576 each ; and tour watchmen at *J6lM
each per aunutu; tor temporary service at the discretion of
the secretary of the Interior in the Prmsiou Office oa
account of bounty lands, 1 492.
For contingent expenses, viz* (or rent of rooms, station-
ery, < nsrravij)i{ plates for b unity land warrants, paper, and
printing the sam>*, binding books, blank b. ok< for regis-
ter, office furniture, and miscellaneous itf ms. $'2J,0o0
For > xpen-«-s oj th - ennent fiscal j ear on accouut ot mil
itarv b iiiutv lands ,vo0,00i>.
For ckrk lure, parents, records, stationery, and mi-cel
laneous itt ms m the General Land Office on account of
nnhmrv bou.tiy lands, 0 i: Ptovuled, ho-rever, Thai
the {Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall be, and
lie i • h<-reh}, auihoiiz.' d to use any portion ot said appro-
piiatixn foi piece work, or bv tin: day, w«nk, month, or
yea*, at Mieh r ifo or rati s as he may deem just and tair.
F--i compensation of ten clerks of cla-s one, to be em-
ployed tenioorarily tti the otfiee of 'he Tnnd Audt'or on
accnom o{ muttarv bounty lands, $10,000.
And ihat the Secretary of the Interior h* , and lie hereby
i^, authorized and directed to pay to Jacob P. Chasf the
us-u I compensation for ihe M'tvices of his two s-orib as
cl< k*in the Pension Office for the time they were en
gaged as such, and the Mim necessary to pay the same be,
and the same ia hereby, appropriated.
Mr, HOUSTON. The Committee will see that
the amendment now under consideration is neces-
sary in consequence of the passage of the bounty
land law a few days ago. It is intended to enable
the Department to execute the provisions of that
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia. I desire to offer an
amendment to this effect: that in the appointment
of cieika there shall be an equaliz ng of the num-
ber from the different States. 1 offer this amend-
ment because there are no clerks of the Demo-
cratic party from the State of Georgia in the
Departments here, and it is but ri^ht and just that
there should be an equal distribution of clerks m
the governmental offices to all the Slates. I do
protest against this thing of giving^ pittr'onage to
one S ate tn the exclusion of other States.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I think the.amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia will hardly
15*  in order. The amendment of the Senate pro-
vides for an increase of clerical force in order to
execute the provisions of the bounty land law
and we cannot make any such arrangement here
as that proposed by the gentleman from Georgia.
The CHAIRMAN. The impression of the
| Chair is, that the amendment proposed by the
gen^eman from Georgia would not be in order.
The question was then taken upon the.Senate
! amendment; and it was agreed to.
Thirty-second amendmenr:
And that the Secretary of War be, and he hereby is, di-
rected to cau-e to be constructed on such site m a ct ntra!
position on the public protind- m the t uy of Washington,
as may be selected by the President of the Hinted State*,
a suitable building lor the care and preservation ot die ord-
nance. a<ul arms, and aceouiennents ol the United States,
required for the use of th« volunteers and militia of the
District of Columbia; and for the care and preservati m of
the military trophies ot the revolutionary aud other wars;
and for the deposit of newly invented and model arm* for
the military service; the said ordnance, and arms, and
building to be used by the volunteers and militia of the
District of Columbia, under such regulations as may b*' pre-
scribed by the President ; and for tho pmpo.se of carrying
this act into cfT. ct, the sum of £30,000 be, and the same
hereby is. appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not othui wise appropriated.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Page 70, after lino twenty four, insert as follows :
For additional to the appropriations by the act of 4th
Augu>t, 1834, for the contingent expenses of the Senate,
vr/ :
Forblndins, $30 000.
For lithographing and engraving, $35,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Porc tfa, line twenty two, after the word " dollars," in-
sert "and for the piyment of a like sum to each of the
! reporters of the Senate, namely: Richard Sutton, D. F.
I Muipiiv, It M. Patterson, Henry pai don, James J. Murphy,
| and David W Prown, $4,60). >>
So that the section would read:
To enable John C. Uives to pay to the reporters of the
House for th<* Congressional Globe, viz: William W, Cur-
ran, William Ilnieks, Francis II. Smith, John J. Meftlhone,
I) Theodore P. Andrews, C!i;ir!cs Collar, and IJ*ir ry G.
Hayes, the tame amount of additional compensation for
reporting the debate-* ot the House for the pi escru session of
Con«re&- , a-; h ,s bo -n h 're'otore paid thein, $8U0 each,
$5,6 0; and tor the payment of a like sum t'j each of the
reporters ol the Senate, namely: Uieh.ini Sutton. D. F.
Murphy,It. M. Patterson, Ilenry P irdon, JamesJ. Murphy,
aud David W. Brown, $-1 8'iO: ProudeJ, That the usual
extra compensation shall not be allowed to said reporters at
the close of the piesent  ession.
Tne amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Page 82, after line ten, insert:
For am >unt equal to dralis, rhecks, and drtpo<=its await-
i"g decisions in ceiUin appropriations tor approval of hales
ol i ndia i re>ei ve<, including ijSW col'ecied by, and depos-
ited vvnh, ihe late ti m of tfelden, Withers & Co., by a
former disbur^m? officer of the Government, $4,400: Pio- I
vit!cd% That such portion of Hii- Mini a« may he recovered -
from s<nd lirm and disbursing officer shall be reimbursed to j
the Treasury of the Uoit'-d States. j
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of j
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thir'y-sixth amendment:
Page 853 hne two, after the \v«>rd " officers," Insert " sub-
ject io the approval o< the Sccietary ot the Inteuor;" so
that this se lion wou'd r"ad:
For eonmiyent exoenses of the Territory of Utah,
glJGs o7, t discharge Mich sums as the accounting < fii-
cet-, mi^jcci to ihe approval ol the Secretary of the fnt  •
rior, may d' em to have been necessarily expended by ihe
Executive of  aid Territory during the years l«oi, '53,
and 'o4.
Mr. DRECECIBRIDGE. The Committee of j
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Page 85, after hne fourteen, insert:
For allowance tor fuel, quarter*, and transportation, and
prr de in to officers tinder sp< coil ducction of the Wat De-
pasttnen', f r which there is no approp'tation avathble
during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1855, $.">,oj3 la.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways atid Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtv-eighih amendment:
Pace 86. alte"r hne thirteen, insert:
For mcrcised compensation of the Chief Clerk of the
hianch Mint at Nmv Orleans, bv the timteenth section of
the act of 4ih of August, 1854, $400.
Mr. CRECKINRiDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence^
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
Page 88, line twenty two, sirike out" three *' and insert
instead •* five;" so as> to make the clause read:
To defiay expenses incurred atid to be incurred in com-
plying with the re>oiut on of the ilouse of Representatives,
2Gth Dee<*mb<;r, 18.14, .$5,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in •
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to pny Blythe & Co.,
Port Louts, in the Island of Mauritius, the amount of two
bills of exchange, drawn upon the Department of Sta'e by
George M. Famham, i ommerciul agent, in pajmentof the
expenses incurred in relieving destitute American citizens,
which drafts were cashed by said Blythe & Co., $7,854 50.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
Mr. CUTTING. I disagree entirely with the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means in 1 elation to the Senate amendment, and
the ground of my objection to their recommenda-
tion is this: An American vessel, with a large
number of American passengers, sailed from the
port of New York, bound to Australia. She en-
countered stress of weather, was greatly damag-ed,
and put into the Brazils in distress. She was de-
tained there a long while, the passengers being at
theirown expense. She sailed again, met disasters
from the perils of the seas, and put into the cape
of Good Hope. There she remained along while,
her passengers exhausting all their means. She
sailed again upon her voyage, and again met with
accidents of the seas, ana put into the Isle of
Mauritius or Isle of France. She there underwent
a regular survey, and was found to be so badly
damaged that she was condemned and sold, and
these American passengers were left helpless and
destitute in a foreign country. The American
a^ent of the United S.'ites was compelled to take
care <?f thenij and obliged to put (hem on board
of a British vessel bounu to Austialia, and to pay
tile Sum of seven thousand and odd dollars out of
his own pocket for their expenses and passage. He
drew bills of exchange upon the State Department,
and British merchants cashed the bills, and paid
the passage of these wretched, forlorn Americans.
When these bills were presented to the S'ate
Department, they were protested, for the reason
that iherc was no authority to pay them, however
much the Government might have desiied to do
so, and I say the honor of the country is at stake
in reimbuising these British merchants who cashed
those bills. The Senate have reported in favot
of it, but the Committee of Ways and Mi-ans
recommend a non-cnncurrence in it. I am sat-sned
that the gentlemen of tbatcommittee would gludly
have recommended a concurrence had it not par-
taken of the character of a private claim. But the
money was paid by an official a2;ent of the Gov-
ernment. Suppose that a ent had refused to inter-
fere. Suppose he had left these, our countrymen,
to starve and rot in a foreign clime, 1 ask would
not the whole American people have been roused
with indignation at an American official who had
left his countrymen to suffer under such circum-
stances?
I invoke the committee to stand by the Senate
amendment, and not agree with the recommenda-
tion of the Commiftee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not intend to
discuss this matter, but desire only to make a
statement. The Committee of Ways and Means
reported against this amendment because they
deemed it the sense of the House. The House
has voted down repeatedly propositions to estab-
lish depots in foreign countries, to take care of
American seamen who happen to be out of funds
in those countries.
This is a proposition to repay a sum of money
to an individual who drew a draft upon the Secre-
II tary of State for supplies furnished to Amei icons
! who encountered stress of weather. He supplied
i their necessities, and drew a draft upon the State
|1 Department. The Department could not pay it,
|j because the Secretary had no authority, and ap-
|! plication is now made to Congress, and the ques-
tion is whether Congress will commit itself to an
obligation to pay the expenses of all American
citizens who find themselves in distress in foreign
countries.
Mr. CUTTING. I submit to the committee
that thiB is an exceptional case. It is a case where
