1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
an official of the Government paid the money out
of his own pocket, and British merchants fur-
nished the funds. 1 would not iet American citi-
zens be under obligation to English merchants,
and allow these drafts to remain protested.
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment; and it was concurred in.
Forty-first amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury cause the accounts
of Mr. Hunter, chief clerk in the Department of State, for
services rendered by him as Acting Secretary of State in
the ab&ence of the Secretary, and under appointment of
the President, during the years 1852 and 1853, to be settled
in such manner as to allow inm the difference between the
compensation ol a chief clerk and that of the Secretary of
State, during the several periods lie acted ui the latter ca-
pacity, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
Tne amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
For professional services, additional to his regular and
ordinary official duties rendered by the United states at-
torney Mr the northern district <<f California, on behalf of
the United States, in the district court of San Francisco, m
app  als from the laud commission to Ascertain and fettle
the private land claims in California, from the 1st of June,
IB5J, to ls~t of June, 18j5* the sum of $10}UU0.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-third amendment:
For compensation to Mr. Rich as acting charp6 d'affaires
in Mexico, from the 2d day of August to the 13th day of
November, 1832, three months and thirty days, which shall
be in lull lor all demands for such services for the period
uamed, $ctf0.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Committee of
VVays and Means recommend a non-concurrenc«.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. This morning, while
the civil and diplomatic bill was before the Senate,
the Committee of Ways and Means met and acted
upon the amendments which have been read—
forty-three in number. The remaining amend-
ments iiave not been acted upon by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. There are about one
hundred amendments put upon the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, which have not been acted
on by the Committee of Waya and Means. It
is now for the committee to determine whether,
at this late hour, it is best to go on and act upon
the amendments, or to disagree to them, and ap-
point a committee of conference. I have no sug-
gestion to make, but simply inform the committee
of the facts.
Mr. W LI EELER. Let the amendments be read.
Mr SMI I H, of Virginia. I understand that
one branch of uie legislative power has agreed to
these amendments, and instead of disagreeing, it
would be moie courteous to agree to them in a
lump.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to either agreeing
or disagreeing until I know what they are.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the committee the ptopriety of allowing some
gentleman to take the chair informally, that the
committee of conference upon the Army appro-
priation bill, who have agreed upon terms which,
1 doubt not, will receive the approbation of this
House, may make their report. The report
should be made that the clerks may enroll the bill.
There is a great press of business upon the clerks,
and it would be best for the committee to rise in-
formally and receive the report. It will require
but a few minutes.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, ant! particularly the Senate amend-
ments to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a privi-
j lesred question. I submit the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
I the two Houses on the Army appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 would suggest that the
gentleman from Missouri explain from the Clerk's
desk the action taken by the committee of confer-
Mr. PHELPS. When the formal report has
been read, £ will proceed to explain the action of
the committee of conference.
The Clerk then read the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the second com-
mittee of conference on tne disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the Army appropriation bill,
the report of the first committee having been dis-
agreed to, have, after a full and free conference,
agreed to make certain recommendations to their
respective Houses. It is recommended that the
House shall recede from its disagreement to the
sixth amendment of the Senate which appropri-
ates for surveys for military defenses of the sea
and inland frontier, the sum of $15,000. This
appropriation is in accordance with the estimates
which have been submitted by the Secretary of
War; but the Committee of Ways and Means
did not think that it was expedient to include it in
th;s bill, and therefore recommended a non-concur-
rence. It was embraced in the bill by the Senate,
and it is recommended by the managers of the
conference on the part of the House, that it recede
from its disagreement. The committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House also recommend
that it recede from its disagreement to the four-
teenth amendment of the Senate. It is in these
words:
Sfc. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the provision* of
an act entitled 'An act for the payment of the civil officers
employed in the Territory of New Mexico while under
military government," approved July 17, 1851, bo, and the
same are hereby, extended to embrace the caseot Lieuten-
ant Colonel J. M. Washington, deceased, late of the Army,
for and during the period ol In* appointment and scivice as
military governor of New Mexico, ex officio superintendent
of Indian affairs, and commander of troops prior to the
formation of the civil government.
The appropriation is a small one, Colonel Wash-
ington is dead, and the committee of conference
recommend that the House recede from its disa-
greement. The committee of conference recom-
mend that the House recede from its disagreement
to the fifteenth Senate amendment, which is as
follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the sum of
$'30,000 be, uud the same i  hereby, appropriated, to be ex-
[ pended under the direction of the War Depaitment in Hie
J purchase and importation of camels and dromedaries to be
I employed for military pui poses.
! in the opinion of the Secretary of War, these
1 camels and dromedaries can be advantageously
i used in sending expresses between the western
: frontiers and points in our remote Territories and
, across the ocean prairies.
| Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Then the committee
! of conference agree to this appropriation, for the
] employment, by the Government, of camels and
! dromedaries?
| Mr. PHELPS. The committee of conference
, recommend that the House recede from its disa-
j greementto that Senate amendment. The Senate
, recedes from its seventeenth amendment, which is
| as follows:
i Sec. fi. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the same allow-
, ance, in respect to ration*, he hereafter made to the nith-
' tarv commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal in the quartei-
j ma-ter'* department as to the commandant^ of the aiscnals
I in the ordnance department.
( The Senate recedes from the twentieth amend-
, ment, which is as follows:
Snc. 9. Jit id be it further enacted, That the Governors
j ol the sever.:! States and Territories be, and they are Iicrc-
, by, authorized to noil, to the ho -tadvantage, ihe arm.-, here-
| tniorediftribuied under the act of April 23,1808, and invest
] the funds arising out of Mich pales in other arms more suit-
j able for the purposes contemplated by satd act: Provided,
I That no arms be so pureha .ed or provided, except <-neh as
I may be of the same description and caliber as those regu-
larly adopted and in use m the Army of the United States.
The next amendment is the thirteenth. It is as
follows:
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the board of
officers appointed under the sixth section of the act making
appropriations tor the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 18o3, approved August 31,18o2, is hereby
authorized and directed, m addition to the powers and du-
ties already conferred upon it, to extend it^ examinafons
to claims arising from the destiucuon of property hy the
troops serving under the command of Lieutenant. Colonel
John C. Fr^oaoat, in California, in the years 18*6 and 1847,
under oath, and take lestimony California, 'f ii"C«.--arj,
...wi 0i..flwhprp. That lor the payment ot the ciau-j*
and elsewhere.    
norted favonbly upon bv the boaid in its report t   ec.
retary of War, dated December 5, 1854, Exrcuun-
ment 8, Thirty-Third Congress, second session, '"dading
that numbered 197, being the clatm of Santiago E. Argue lo ,
and amounting to $11,584, and for the compensation of the
members of said board, for and during iheir period of ser-
vice as such, at a rate not exceeding S3.000 per am.urn
each, deducting therefrom their Army pay, the sum ot
$40,548, be, and the fame is hereby, appropri aied i >ut of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; and tne
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby anthorized and directed
to pay to the treasurer of satd board, out of any *nonf>y
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the ?tim ol $10,000
for the contingent expenses of the said board, including
therein office rent and clerk's hire, stationery, tun, tne
payment of the witnesses' fees duly summoned -ywe
boaid, at a rate not exceeding those paid by the United
States district courts in California or elsewhere, as the
case may be, the traveling expenses of said board, not ex-
ceeding sixteen cents per inile to each member, and other
incidental expenses.
This is the roving commission. The committee
of conference recommend a concurrence in only
part of it. If the report of the committee be
adopted, the section will read as follows:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the board of officers ap-
pointed under the sixth scction of the act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 00, 1853, approved August 31, 1852, is hereby abol-
ished.
The residue of the Senate's amendment is
stricken out; so that this board will not go on the
proposed roving mission to California. The com-
mittee of conference, finding that there was some
difficulty in regard to the appointment of officers -
for the four additional regiments to the Army,
recommend to their respective Houses the adop-
tion of the following proviso:
Provided, That it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States to appoint, during the recess of Congress,
such of the commisioioned officers authorized by this act,
below the grade of field officers, as may not be appointed
during ihe present session, whose commission shall expire
the Ihtday of May, 185G.
The Constitution of the United States author-
izes Congress to vest the appointment of inferior
officers in the President alone; but it was the de-
sire of the committee on the part of the House of
Representatives that these officers should hereafter
be appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. Hence this proviso that theircom-
mission shall expire on the 1st day of May, 1856,
which gives an opportunity for nominations to be
submitted to the Senate, at its next session, for its
confirmation. This was done for the purpose of
avoiding any constitutional objections on the sub-
ject.
Having made this explanation of the action of
the committee of conference, I call for the previous
question on the adoption of their report.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Missouri a question. How does
the gentleman propose to settle claims in Califor-
nia if this board be abolished?
Mr. PHELPS. They will be examined and
acted on by the court of claims, which has been
established at this session of Congress. They
will be settled in the same manner as the claims
of the gentleman's constituents and the claims of
my constituents.
Mr. PRtNGLE. Mr. Speaker, there is one
amendment upon which I should like to have a
separate vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent to divide
the report of a committee of conference. The
question must be taken on it as a whole.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon th«
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson, and
Stuart of Michigan, were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 27.
So, less than one fifth the members having voted
in the affirmative, the yeas and nays were not
ordered. *
The question was then taken; and the report of
the committee of conference was concurred in.
Mr. PHLLPS moved that the vote by which
the report was adopted be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider be laidsupon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
