1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
ruled out of order, was intended "to secure that
indemnity.
Mr. LETCHER. This is a very fortunate
country. I btlieve ro man has been abroad who
has not- been the very best qualified man for the
paiUcuiar place h& was appointed to fill that ever
was selected, at.d not only entitled to the regular
salary, hut to any amount of extra compensation
whk h can be gut through Congress for him by his
friends. Here is a law upon our statute-book
which undertakes to declare that those who receive
the sum of £2,500 shall receive no extra compen-
sation, and yet here is my colleague now, and
there was the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor]
the other day, and we had a gentleman from Penn-
sylvania a few days since, who all bring in prop-
ositions here to make allowance, one to one man,
and then to Mr. Marsh, and then to Mr. Brown,
ail of whom were located at the same point, and
all coming here and demanding extra compensation
for services.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman's argument would
be good if he could show that it is extra compen-
sation.
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine it cannot be any-
thing but extra, or they would not be applying to
Congress for it. If it is regular pay it is provided
for by law already.
Mr. PECKEiAM. I wish to state one fact,
and that is, that this same Mr. Brown, who ap-
plies for this extra compensation, is fulfilling the
duties of an office which, in reality, is asmecure.
He left Constantinople, and was gone fifteen
months, and he employed a man to perform the
duties of that office as dragoman in his absence,
at the compensation of eight dollars a month.
Mr. CUMMING. Well, sir, I will say that
this Mr. Brown is the very man who gave aushor-
ity to Captain Ingraham. by letter, to protect
Koszta, and for whose gallant protection we have
been rewarding Captain Ingraham by all sorts of
glorification.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems there is a contro-
versy between these three men, all at the same
place, and if we undertake to give it to one of
them, another will come in and claim, and get it
from another C./ngress, and before the thing is all
over, the third will come in and get it, too, and all
for the fame service.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend by
increasing the amount ten dollars. I have most
cheerfully voted a compensation to Commodore
Perry, of $20,000 for services recently performed
for his country in the East;and I am surprised at
the opposition made here to the sm ll amount pro-
posed to be paid to this gentleman, who, as I
stated before, is a native-born son of Ohio. He
is very well known as one of the best Oriental
scholars in our country Fie receives, it is true,
$2 500 as dragoman, and he has been kept in that
position through several Administrations on ac-
count of his peculiar qualifications for that office,
and there is no man whose correspondence with
the Department of State tells more strongly in
his favor than Mr. Brown's. My friend from
Virginia speaks of this as extra compensation.
U is not so. Mr. Marsh was sent away, and
then our difficu'ty with Austria occurred. The
XCoszta affair took place, and the very correspond-
ence with Captain Ingraham, and the orders to
take him from the Austrian®, was the cot respond-
ent and command of this veiy Mr. Brown.
Now, sir, in reference to what my friend from
New York said. It is true that he left Constan-
tinople for some time. He came to this country
on a visit by leave of the President of the United
States,and, in connection with that visit, to conduct
the commissioner of Turkey to the World's Fair.
He was ordered by Mr. Webster, then Secretary
of State, to accompany that commissioner here.
The records of the State Department show that
he performed his duties faithfully and honestly to
his country. This is not extra compensation.
It is compensation for services performed by order
of the President through the Secretary of State.
Mr. LYON. With the permission of the com-
mittee 1 want to say one word in relation to this
matter. The position of Mr. Brown at Constan-
tinople, was an aduous one, and he is one of the
first of the Americans who ever understood the
Turkish language thoroughly. What were his
duties ?
Mr. WHEELER. I call the gentleman to
order. He has spoken once upon this subject.
Mr.LYON. I have not. I spoke upon another
sul ject.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LYON. Then I make another, and move
to increase the appropriation ten dollars.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to this farming out
the floor, and ask for a vote upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Omo.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon agreeing to
the Senate amendment,
Mr. TAYLOR called for tellers.
Telle*s were ordered; and Messrs. Meacham
and Wheeler were appointed.
The amendment was non-concurred in, the
tellers having reported—ayes 40, noes not counted.
Forty-eighth amendment:
For compensation to Joseph Graham, United States con-
sul at Buenos Ayre«, as acting chatp-5 d'affaires at that
place, from the 3d day of A«igu-t to the lltti day of Sep-
tulum r, 1802. and front the 25th day of November, 185-2. to
the 20tn d^y of Mirch, U'53, an aggregate period of five
months and ten days, winch fcball be'in lull for all demands
for such services lor the period named, $090 50-
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
For compensation and expenses of the commissioner and
the agent of the United States under the convention for the
adjustment of claims between the United States and Great
Britain, at §12,0dt> each lor ihe entire service, $34,000:
Provided, That this sum shall include what has already
been paid to either of ihem under the said convention.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is for the
compensation of the commissioners who have been
adjusting the claims of citizens of the United States
and subjects of Great Britain against their respect-
ive Governments under treaty.
The amendment was concurred in; there be-
ing, on a division—ayea seventy-eight, noes not
counted.
Fiftieth amendment:
That the Secretary of State caune the accos^ts of Joseph
Eve, deceased, i te charge d;affaires of the United Slates
io the late Republic of T« xas, to be audited and adjusted by
ihe proper accou/mug officers of the Government, and that
the amount found due thereon be paid to Betsey W. Eve,
widow of said Joseph Eve. out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fifty-first amendment:
For compensation to Henry Savage, United States con-
sul at (ruatamala, for Imservues in taking charge of and
preserving ihe archives of the former legation of ihe United
States at ihat place, and communioatina to Iih Government
at home regularly useful ai,d highly importar t information
during the &-everai intervals- trom February. 1830, in Novem-
ber. 1833. from May, 1842, to November, 1848, and from May, ,
1S50, to February, 1854, an aggicspte of fourteen years, 1
duricg which the United States had no other diplomatic or
consular agwnt at that place, $14,t 0U.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
For compensation to George W. Lippett, United Slates
consul at Vicuna, for taking chatge of ihe archives of the
United States legation at that place, and performing dipio-
inane services from ihf* 53th day of October tw the 1 Oih day
of December, 135-J. and fiom iheQlst da\ ofMav to the 13.h
dav o< September, J8.'>3, an aggicgate. period of five months
and 21 day*, $1,075 10.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-third amendment:
F< r compensation to Peter Parker, as acting' charcS
d'affaires at Canton, China, frrm ihe24th dav of May, 1852, i
to the 31st day of January, 18>3, and from ihe xi7th dav of
January to the I4ih day of April, 18.34, an aggreeate period
often months i>nd twt my five days, which shall be m full j
for all demand lor mu.U services for the period named,
$1,803 5-4.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
For compensation to Ferdinand Oo.re, as acting charge
d'affaires m Brazil, from the Hth dav ofMav to the IGih
dav of Ainnist, 1853, a period of three mouths and four dajs,
winch shall bo in full ">r all demand lor &uch services lor
the period named, $r729 17.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
For compensation to Horatio J. Perry, a* acting charge
i d'affaires at Madrid from the 3d day of July to 'he 24ih day >
i of Ociob'-r, 1852. f.om the 1 ill) day of May to the dav ,
' of Jut.t*, ier>3.a- d fiom ihe 4th day of Septe mber to Me j
[ diiV «,t-October. lt<53 an aggtcgate period oi six month* and j
twenty-two da\&, which sh.dl be in full for aji demand lor \
&uch services for the period named, §1,402 73. |
The amendment was non-concurred in. i
Fifty-sixth amendment:
For salaries of the three judges of tbc eourt of claims,
#19,000;
For salary of solicitor of said court, $3,500 j
For salaries of the two clerks, $-3 500;
For contingent expenses of saia court, $0,000;
For the salaries of the judges, solicitor, and clerk? of said
court, and for other expenses thereof, prior to the 1st day of
July, 1835, or so mu^li thereof as may be required, $5,000*
Mr. HOUSTON. These appropriations are
made necessary by reason of the law passed by
Congress at the present session for the establish-
ment of a court of claims.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
For balance of compensation to Robert M. Walsh, as
acting chargd d'affaires in Mexico in the years 1848 and
1849, which shall he in full lor alt demand for such services
during that period, §£>38 33.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
For compensation of C. E. Andrews as acting eliarg*
d'affaires at Paris, for seven months and twenty-nine days,
from the 1st day of April tothc29ih day of November, 1837,
which Miall be in full of all demands for such services for
the period named, $1,639 72.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
For paying to Asbury Dickens the difference between the
compensation of head of a Department and chief clerk of
a Department, for ihe time he acted as Secretary of State
and Secretary of the Treasury by appointment from Presi-
dent Jackson, to be ascertained by the proper accounting
officers, a sum not exceeding $2,500.
Mr. LETCHER. I moveto amend thatamend-
ment by striking out the name of " Asbury Dick-
ens." I have merely to say that this claim came
before the Committee of Claims and was rejected,
over and over again, upon a full meeting of the
committee. It finally passed that committee by
one majority when only seven out of the nine
members were present. I think the amendment
should he rejected,
Mr. HUNT. 1 ask to have the memorial read.
I think it will satisfy the committee that it is a just
claim.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read unless
objection be made.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HUNT. I ask to have it read as a part of
my speech. The gentleman from Virginia moved
to amend by striking out the name of Asbury
Dickms. I oppose that amendment, and ask to
have the memorial read as a part of my speech.
Is that not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order, but the
Clerk informs the Chair that there is no memorial
accompanying the amendment.
Mr.'LETCHER. There is no need of the
memorial being read. The amendment explains
the nature of the cage.
Mr. HUNT. The reading of the memorial
satisfied me of the justice of the claim, and i have
no doubt it would satisfy the committee.
Several Members. Explain it yourself.
Mr. HUNT. I do not recollect the facts with
sufficient distinctness to repeat them. The memo-
rial will be here in a minute.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR. I call for tellers upon concurring
in the Senate amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hunt and
Witte were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-four, not a majority of a quorum.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HUNT. The memorial is now .here. I
ask that it may he read.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be read by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
Sixtieth amendment:
For fuel for President's House, $1,000;
For furnace-keeper at President's House, $385.
Mr. CLARK. I demand tellers upon concur-
ring in the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-first amendment:
For the erection of a suitable house for the plants recently
brought fr«>n> Japan for the United States, $l«f>00, to be ex-
pended under the direction of Commissioner of Fublte
Buildings.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
