1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Sixty-second amendment:
For support of public green-houses including pay of hor-
ticulturist and assistants, §3,(,0u.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to make a aijg^ea-
tion to the committee for the purpose of expediting
business.
The CHAIRMAN. Nodebateis inorderex-
cept by general consent.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 do not wish to enter
into any discussion; but, Mr. Chairman, it is evi-
dent that we are legislating here without under-
standing the subject-matter of legislation.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the gentleman pro-
ceeding;. He may speak for himself, but he has
no right to nv ke such a reflection upon others.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would suggest that the
committee of conference on the part of the two
Houses can examine these various matters, and
come to a sound and just conclusion in reference
to them. I ask the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee that we disagree to the remaining amend-
ments.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
The question now being upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, it was taken, and said
amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-third amendment:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Ruildings to pro-
vide additional furnaces for the library of Congress, ,$1,000.
The amendment was concuired in.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
To construct -unable iron railings in front of the alcoves
of the libraty, and other repairs, in addition to Che bal.mce
ot appropriations unexpended for the repairs of Congres-
sional Library, under the direction of the architect, $3,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Jind be it further enacted, That the salaries to which en-
voys extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary *-hull be ;
entitled on l*t July, lb:>5, may be allowed to such as may ,
be in office on iii.it day without reappointment; nor Khali j
euch envoy? extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary be |
required to take with them secretaries of legation unless
they should bo allowed by the President ot the United
States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
And the sum of $9,000 additional if hereby appropriated !
for lighting with gas Bridge and High streets, in George-
town, to he expended under the direction of the Comuns- .
eioncr ofPubhc Buildings ; and paid Commissioner is hereby !
authorized and directed to complete the lighting of the streets j
with gas from Pennsylvania avenue, where it intersects :
with Fifteenth bireet, to the commencement of said avenue '
at Seventeenth street, being east of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and north of the President's House. j
The amendment w*s non-concurred in.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
For completing tlift publication of the works of the ex-
pioring expedition, ^-29,3^0.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment:
Proovted. That there be printed, by the public printer,
and bound under the direction of the Joint Committee on
Printing, <-n*i thou^anu t opies ol the narrative and scien-
tific reports of the exploring expedition under Captain
Chailcs YVilkes, of the United States Navy, together with
the plates, map1-, and charts, accompanying the same, said
work to be distributed as tollows: One copy, or tull set,
to each member of the Senate and House of Represent- j
atives of the present Congress; one copy, ot lull set, to
some library or literary inMiiutioii easily accessible to the
public in each congressional district, to be designated by
the Representative therefrom, and one copy, or lull eet, to
some library or literary institution, to be designated by
each Senator; the r< maimng copies to be distributed by
the State Department, as now provided for by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that offered as
an original amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is offered as an amend-
ment to the Senate amendment.
Mr. JONES. It seems to me that it is not in
order here. It is a new proposition, and not ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STANTON. The Senate propose to con-
tinue the publication of this work.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
see that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to 8ay only a few
words. When this matter was hefore the House i
a few days ago, reported by the Joint Committee [
on the Library, I opposed the proposition, and I j
opposed it for the reason that I thought the ex- ;
pense which would be incurred under that arrange- i
ment was too great to justify the publication of!
the work. Sincethen i havecauseii theSuperin- I
tendent of Public Printing and his chief cietk to j
make a close examinatjea of what it would cost
to publish it under our printing law, and the dif-
ference between the estimate made by Captain
Wilkes and that made by the Superintendent of
Public Printing, is just $74 000. By publishing
it under our law, it would cost $74,000 less than
it would cofrt if published in the manner proposed
by the Committee on the Library, and the work
can be done quite as well—if not better—under
the arrangement we propose, as it could be done
under the arrangement proposed by that com-
mittee. Let me state further, that there are only
one hundred copies of this work extant. Only
one hundred copies of it have ever been published
by the Government, and they are distributed not
only throughout this country, but throughout
other countries.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Kentucky if Captain Wilkes
does not own the copyright of this work?
Mr. STANTON. I believe that Captain Wilkes
does own the copyright of his narrative, but that
is only a 6mall portion of the work, and the least
valuable of all.
Mr. JONES. Then, if you take his narrative
and publish it, what will be h s claim for his copy-
right ?
Mr. STANTON. Nothing in the world.
Mr. PECKHAM. Not one dollar.
Mr. JONES. That will be a matter for future
consideration.
Mr. STANTON. I believe that Captain
Wilkes is willing and anxious that the Govern-
ment shall publish his book.
Mr. JONES. I move to add a proviso to the
amendment, to the effect that nothing shall be
paid Captain Wilkes for the copyright of this
work.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to that.
I will accept it as a modification of my amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. You will find that before you
have done with this thing, it will cost the Govern-
ment half a million of dollars.
Mr. STANTON. It will only cost 00,000.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, as modified; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate, as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Jones were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 40.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Sixty-eighth amendment:
To enable the Committee on the Library to pay William
H. Powell $2,000, in lull, lor the picture p.unted by him lor
the United c>taic- , in addition to the s-um^ heretofore ap-
propriated by law; and the accounting officers of the
Trea>ury are hereby directed to settle arid pay the accounts
ol VV. Ilinman, third assistant librarian, lrom 1st Janu-
ary, 1854, at the rate of $1,500 per annum.
Mr. WALSH. I move to amend the first clause
of that amendment by increasing the appropna-
tion $500. This is an appropriation, Mr. Chair-
man, of $9,000 to one of the most distinguished
artists of which our country now has to boast.
It is to the painter of De Soto discovering the
Mississippi, which has been lately put up m the
rotunda. Mr. Powell has worked five years on
that picture. There are gentlemen present who
knew him in Pari3, where he labored on it in-
cessantly; and that pictute is as rigidly true to
histoty as any picture ever painted for the coun-
try. As a work of art, it has no superior in the
rotunda; and Judge Perkins, of Louisiana, can
testify to the fact that Mr. Powell has worked on
that picture for years and years, and paid enor-
mous sums of money to perfect it, and keep it as
true to history as u is now. i now withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STRAUB. I would inquire whether the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Walsh,] or
any other gentleman, can state iheamountalready
received by Mr. Powell for this picture?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
debatable.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Sixty-ninth amendment:
That from and after ihe 30th June, 1855, the Secretary
of state be, and be hereby is, authorized and required to
cause the examination, classification, and distribution of
the clerks in the Department of State, in t.ie Kamojiuimer
by the
entitled
as is directed in the other executive deparment:
provisions contained miheUurd section of an act
'•An act making appropriations lor the civil and dip o-
inatte expense® of the Government," approved Ai Marcli,
18f>3, who shall be paid annual salaries according to the
act amendatory thereof, approved *22d Apnl, 18j1. Anu'he
whole peuuanent clerical foice m his Department shall
consist of three clerks of cl<i?s on* ; two of class two; eight
of class three; eight ol class four; and one chief clerK, in
lieu of those authorized by law ; and one of said clerks ot
class four shall give bond* as required by the Department
of the Trea-urv, act and make disbursement* lor the
Department, and superintend the Northeast Executive
Building, and *hall rcctive therefor $-i00 p«-r annum in
addition to his salary as clerk of cla«s of lour : Piowded,
The increase of salary hereby allowed the elnet clerk be
construed to take effect from 1st July, 1853, and be paid
accordingly.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment has rela-
tion to one already passed, where we reduce the
gross amount of appropriation for the payment of
these clerks. The amendment I send up is a sim-
ple change of classification of these clerks:
Strike out the classification in the Seriate amendment,
and insert the following :
Five clerks ofclass one, one clerk of class two, ten clerks
of class three, and live clerks of class four.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I hope that the
amendment of the Senate will not be stricken out.
It is in accordance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of State. The object of the amendment
is to make a change corresponding with that made
as to clerks in the other Departments. I suppose
that the additional expense will not be more than
$1,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The additional
expense will he more than $2,000.
Mr. PERKINS. The additional expense, I
think, cannot be more than $1,000. Someof these
clerks have been employed jn the Department for
more than twenty years, and they have a tradi-
tional knowledge of their duties, which cannot be
supplied by any other persons. I trust that the
House will adopt the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment which I
propose really classifies the .clerks in the State
Deparimant higher than the clerks in any other
Department ot the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question being on Mr. Houston's amend-
ment,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
which were ordered-, and Messrs. Pringle and
Bridges were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Upon concurring in the Senate amendment,
Mr. WALKER demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Pringle and Bridges were
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Seventieth amendment:
Add at end of the bill:
Sec. —. Jind be it farther enacted, That a tract of ten
acresol the land heretofore purchased by the United States
for ihe purposes of the naval hospital at CheK*a, Mas-a-
chu«etts, be selected and set apart, under ihe direction of
the President of the United States, tor the use of the ma-
rine hospital of the district of Boston and Charlestown,
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-first amendment:
Sec. —. Jind. he it farther enacted, That upon the tract
so to be selected and set apart there shall be erected, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, a marine
hospital for said district, of faced brick exterior waJls, upon
a hammered granite underpinning, one hundred and forty
feet long, fifiy-two feet deep in the centi r, and one hun-
dred feet deep at the wings, and forty five feet high from
top oi entrance, story floor to the eaves, with verandas
to earh story on each side between the wings, and on each
end of the building; for the construction ot which the sum
of $192,000, with the addition thereto often per centum for
contingencies, is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. LETCHER. Where ia that? We cannot"
hear at this remote part of the Hall.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to
appropriate $192,000 for a marine hospital at
Chelsea, Massachusetts.
Mr. Wl FTE. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding- the following:
Ami that the sum of $1,^25,000 be, arid is hercbv, appro-
priated tor thf pureh.isr id' sites and the erection ot build-
ings for po*t officer and United States couit rooms, iu the
cities of New York, Philadelphia* Boston, and Baltimore,
