1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is a motion
which cannot be muile unless by unanimous con-
sent, or under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I object. If the
House took a recess we could not get members
back.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wesiwoeth,] not to
ur«e this bill any further. It is a long bill, and
the consideration of it now cannot result in any
good. We have no time to consider it.
Mr. WEN rWORTH. There are calls upon
me to withdraw the bill. I suppose I may do so.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
cannot withdraw the bill.
The question being on Mr. McDougall's mo-
tion, it was agreed to.
So a call of the House was adopted.
Mr. McMULLlN. I understood the Chair to
decide that less than a quorum cannot take a
recess.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair made
no such decision. The Chair stated that a motion
to take a recess could not be made cxcept by
unanimous consent, or under a suspension of the
rules. It is a motion not known to the rules of
the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Less than a majority
cannot fj-pend the rules.
The roil was then called, and one hundred and
thirty gentlemen answered to their names.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Thomas II. Bayly,
Ban! s, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Benton, Bissell, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Boyct", Bridges, Bristow, Caruthers, Chamberlain,
Chase, Ohastam, Churchwell, Chngman, Colquitt, Cox,
Craige, Crocker, Cullom, Cumming, Curtis, Tnoroas Da-
vis, Dent, Dick, Drum, Ellison, English, Everhart, Faulk-
ner, Fenlon, Flakier, Franklin. Giddmgs, Grey, Grow,
Sampson VV. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Henn, theater, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, DanielT.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kidweli, Kittredge,
Lamh Jj.me Latham, Lewis, Lindley, Macdonald, Mc-
Mullm, Mice, Mavall, Meacham, John G. Miller, Morri-
fcon. Parker, Peckham, John Perkins, Phelps, Puryear,
Ke.uly, Richardson, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rog-
ers. Howe, Sabin, Seymour, Shannon. Simmons, Single-
ton'. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William It. Smith,
George W.Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, John J. Taylor, John
L. Taylor, Natnaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Traey, Upham,
Vail, Warren, Yates, and Zolhcoffer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
seconding the demand for the previous question
on the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wentworth.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, i hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH.
discuss it I will do so.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It will require some
time for the committees of conference to bring in
their reports. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. With the consent of
the gentleman from Kentucky, I desire to say that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. E1
If gentlemen desire to
!.yer-
hart,] who sits near me, has been compelled to
leave the Hall on account of indisposition. He
has prepared some remarks upon the subject of
the tariff, and he wished me to make a request of
the House for leave to publish them.
[Cries of " Agreed!" " Agreed!' ]
Mr. RUSSELL. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to allow me to move that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be. discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 327, for the relief of Robert
Graham. ., . ,, , „
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will yield thefloor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if I do not
thereby'iose my own right to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the question
now before the House go over by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. RUSSELL. I ask my friend from Ken-
tucky to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. EDGERTON. If the gentleman from
Kentucky is intending to make a speech, he must
go on now.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I claim the floor,
and 1 ask for my rights.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask leave of the House
to take up and consider House bill No. 353, which
has come back from the Senate v/ith a few amend-
ments.
Mr. RUSSELL. I object to anybody but the
gentleman from Kentucky occupying the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Iam sure that my friend
from Pennsylvania will withdraw hisobjection, and
not interfere with the consideration of the matter
upon which I desire the action of the House.
Mr. RUSSELL. I had the floor by the per-
mission of the gentleman from Kentucky a few
minutes since, but objection was made.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have been standing
here for the last fifteen minutes for the Speaker to
enforce order so as to allow me to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has been standing upon the floor for half an hour,
and if he stands there much longer for his friends
to ask him to yield the floor to them, his time will
be up. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Here is a bill which
has been sprung upon us to-night, which I never
saw until a few moments since at the Clerk's desk.
I desire to call the attention of the House to one
or two objectionable features in it. The object of
the bill is declared to be, by its title, " to prevent
the introduction into the United States of foreign
criminals, paupers, idiots, lunatics, and insane and
blind persons,"and it provides that no one of that
class of persons shall be introduced into the Uni-
ted States under certain penalties prescribed in the
bill.
Mr. WELLS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky to allow me a moment to ask the House
to allow me to make a report, that it may be
printed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, sir; I cannot
yield any more. I have been baffled here half an
hour in my efforts to commence my remarks. I
will not yield, and it is useless to make appeals to
me. I ask the Chair to give me my rights.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WELLS. I wish to make an inquiry.
The SPEAKER pre tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky is upon the floor, and it is not in
order to make an inquiry.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not propose to
discuss the question as to the power of the Gen-
eral Government to prevent the different States in
this Union from allowing such persons, as they
choose to come within their borders. I do not
j profess to have examined the subject thoroughly;
! but that is immaterial to my argument. My im-
i pression is, that the State of Virginia, the State of
! Massachusetts, the State of Kentucky, or any
1 other State has the right to allow or to prevent
certain classes of persons from coming within their
j borders. This bill, however, if that power exists
1 within the States, takes it away from them. I
| will not, however, discuss that question,
j Assuming the power, however, to exist in the
1 Federal Government, there is a cruel exercise of it
1 in this bill. It provides that every human being
; i desirous of coming within the limits of the United
; States shall obtain from an American consul a
i certificate, or pass, stating that he is not insane,
|j that he is not an idiot, that he is not a lunatic,
f that he is not poor, nor blind, and that he has not,
i, for the space of five years next preceding the date
■ of the certificate, been afflicted with lunacy, in-
! sanity, idiocy, or any derangement of intellect,
! and, I might say, I think, if they had added" nor
derangement of the bowels" it would have made
' the bill complete. [Laughter.] The certificate so
| furnished shall, if possible, also state the name,
! the birth-place, andlhe residence of the applicant,
■ together with his age, if known.
i Now, feir, in looking at the latter part of this
' bill the first thing which struck my attention was,
! that a man might be emigrating to the United
States with his family, his wife and children, one
' . of whom might be afflicted with blindness, and
!: under the bill, as it originally came from thecom-
i mittee, that family would have to be severed . The
father could not bring his blind child within the
' ■ f . i . T2nr t'/ic Kill IS llllt
I, limits of the United States. But the bill is not as
|i it originally was, but has been patched up from
'! time to time, and I see there is an amendment
'I attached to the fifteenth section, which provides
. that the first, fifth, and eighth sections of tne act
; shall not be held to be applicable to any bund,
>! insaip, or idiotic person who is a member of a
11 family emigrating to the United States, if he is a
person of sufficient property to maintain himself.
The bill, therefore, as it now stands, allows any
blind person, who is a member of a family emi-
grating to the United States, to come in; but if he
happens not to be one of a family, or to comprise
the whole family in his own person, be he old or
young, rich or poor, and, by accident, is afflicted
with blindness, the bill repels him from the shores
of the United States. Now, I want no property
qualification in this country as a condition of resi-
dence within our borders of those we allow to
come in. None, sir. If you allow a blind Eu-
ropean to come here, if he is worth $100,000,
you ought to allow a blind European to come
here who is not worth a cent. Such a restriction
is anti-American, anti-republican, and it is con-
trary to the spirit of our whole system to draw
such distinctions. This property qualification is
most odious in my judgment, with all respect to
the gentleman who offered the bill.
Another provision of the bill requires that the
term " pauper," as used in the bill, shall be held
to designate a person who, within one year from
the time of making the application specified in the
first section of the act, has received support as a
poorand indigent person. How will that operate?
Is it proper to draw this distinction? Can you not
imagine a person of the loftiest intellect, of the
noblest character, by inevitable misfortune reduced
to the necessity of receiving support from his
friends, or from the public, and yet be as worthy
of emigrating to the United Slates as one who
counts his funds by the millions? And yet such
a person, if, by misfortune, he has, at any time
within one year previous to making such applica-
tion, been obliged to depend upon friendship or
charity, is excluded from the shores of the United
States.
I do not propose to enlarge upon this subject.
I regard this bill as one of the fruits of the pre-
scriptive feeling which is just now pervading this
country. I know it is popular, and I know it is
sweeping like a hurricane from one end of the
country to the other; but it is in conflict with the
fundamental principles of our system of Govern-
ment, and I am willing to oppose my hand to it,
and await the time when there shall be a reaction
in the public sentiment, as I know there will be.
I want the gentlemen of this House to know that,
if they vote for this bill, they draw a distinction
between the rich and the poor, and allow only the
latter class to come—nor can they come except—
with a pass in their hands, like a negro going from
one plantation to another.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Kentucky, inasmuch as he has
spoken of some " ism" as pervading and spread-
ing over this country like a hurricane—I know
nothing of it myself—whether it hassnot been un-
derstood and currently reported all over the coun-
try that the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wentworth,] who has charge of thia
bill, and has pTesented it to us this morning, was
not beaten and swept down by this hufricane ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will answer the
fcntleman. I have understood the gentleman from
lassachusetts, who presented this bill to us, was
beaten by a political society, under the name of
" Know-Nothing."
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then why charge the bill
to that particular class of persons ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understand that
the gentleman fron\Massachusetts was defeated
by this organization, and I think it extremely
probable he may have introduced this bill with a
view to put an extinguisher upon " Know-Noth-
ingism." But it does not follow that I spoke un-
truly when I stated it was one of the fruits of the
feeling which was jftrvading the country; for if
with such motives he introduced thebill, he still
acted under the influence of that spirit. But it is
immaterial. I would rather trust to the next Con-
cress, full of " Know-Nothings," as itis likely to
be, to pass a bill upon this subject, than to take
this bill, patched up and thrust upon us at this late
period of the session, with a view to compromise
the question.
I will close with recapitulating what I was about
to say when I was interrupted by the gentleman
from Ohio. I want this House to remember that
this is a bill which requires every human being
who emigrates to these shores to obtain a certifi-
cate that he is not blind, nor insane, nor idiotic,
nor poor, nor has been so for five years preceding
his application for such certificate, making an
