THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
congrtbs, 2jj Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1855.
New S:
....No. 75.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared at the bar, ; I Mr. McMULLIN. I confess my mortification
and reported that Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, |; and regret at this proceeding. I was here daring
Stanton, of Kentucky, Drum, and Lane, of In-1| the whole night, and endeavored, on various occa-
iliana, were present by order of the House.
The SPEAKER. What disposition shall be
made of the gentlemen
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that they be excused,
and permitted to resume their seats.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to ask the Chair if i
the Sergeant-at-Arms is not entitled to a fee for the
arrest of each member who may be brought into
the Hall?
The SPEAKER. Certainly he is.
Mr. ENGLISH, Then I move *to dispense
with all further proceedings under the call.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. RUFFIN. I recollect that we had a call
here last session, and that my colleague, [Mr.
Ashe,] amongst others, was brought in by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and he was required to make
his excuse to the House. I desire to know why
the same course is not pursued with reference to
the gentlemen who are brought in to-day ?
The SPEAKER. It depends upon the peculi-
arity of the order of the House. The House has
determined, in this case, not to put the gentlemen
on trial, but to acquit them without trial.
Mr. RUFFIN. Can nothing be done at all ?
The SPEAKER. Not until the House chooses
to suspend all further proceedings in the call.
Mr. DUNBAR. Is it in order for me to make
an excuse for one of my colleagues who is sick ?
sions, to get the House to take a recess, with a
view to afford myself and other gentlemen an
opportunity to take some refreshment. [Laughter.]
Failing in that, I went and ate my breakfast, and
just as I got back to the door of this Hall, I was
summoned by the Sergeant-at-Arms to appear at
the bar of the House. Now, in the first place,
this is the Sabbath day, and we are serving the
country without any consideration whatever,
from motives of patriotism and love of country.
[Laughter.] Gentlemen may laugh, but I regret
that this proceeding should go to tne people of the
country, because those of us who have been absent
may appear as having been derelict in the discharge
of our duties. For myself, I can only say that
the records of the House will show that I have
been in my seat as long and as often as almost
any other gentleman upon this floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I do not think
there is any ground for mortification. Every.gen-
tleman here knows that it was very evident, some
two hours ago, that the committee of conference,
having in charge the only business that remained
to be done, would not be ready to report for two
or three hours, and that nothing but the objection
of a few members prevented the House from taking
a recess—as it should have done—to enable mem-
bers to refresh themselves after the long and weary
night session. The objection of those gentlemen
has kept us here doing nothing, and this proceed-
ing has originated from that cause. I do not see
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, for the !, tjjat any gentleman has reason to complain,
reason that the House has not authorized any |j jyjr_ McMULLIN. That is a difference of
excuses to be made. The House has chosen, p 0pjni0n between the gentleman from Tennessee
instead .of putting gentlemen upon their trial, to i! an(j myself. Gentlemen from New York, [Mr.
excuse them, and permit them to take their seats j; ltok> mr. Wheeler, Mr. Sage, Mr. Morgan,]
as they appear. li and myself 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to make a sugges- j; Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order,
tion, which I think wiil meet the general approval !; ja not proper to call gentlemen by tjieir names,
of the House. There is a number of bills on the H Mr. McMULLIN. Yes, it is, when we are on
Speaker's table to which there can be no passible ij tr;al before the House.
objection.
Mr. KNOX. I object to them all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would suggest 
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that no business is in order whilst the
call is in progress.
The SPEAKER. TheChair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I regard this matter
| in a more serious aspect than my friend fromTen-
1 nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] and when my friend
1 from Virginia [Mr. McMdllin] speaks of sport-
ing v/ith the feelings of gentlemen, I desire him to
remember that it is no light sporting for a portion
: of the House to go off toward the end of a long
sitting, eat, drink, shave, refresh themselves, and
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not propose business j1 ieave other members at their posts. [Laughter.]
at all. I want to explain my proposition. j jt ;s queer sport, that. Some of us have been
Mr. WALSH. I object to the explanation. j. obliged to stay here the live-long night, and we
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I move that all" have felt it to be our duty, in the'discharge of our
further proceedings under the call be dispensed constitutional obligations, to have a call of the
with, with a view of taking up and acting upon House, and to send for these absentees. I submit
such bills on the Speaker's table as there is no ob- ] [ tilat lt js most disrespectful to the House for these
section to. t1 absentees, when they come, to put on lofty airs,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There are no such j, an(j talk about sporting with the feelings of fellow-
bills. j, members. [Laughter.] I do not wish to say
Mr. McDOUGALL. Oh yes, there are several ji anything that would deepen the sense of delin-
to which there can be no possible objection. ! qUency upon the part of these gentlemen, but I
The question was then taken on Mr. McDou- >i w;gb them to consider that they stand in the atti-
* J: ! tude of gentlemen who will be obliged to account
for their conduct. We who have remained here
gall's motion; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 'T desire to state, in jus-
tice to my messmate, the honorable Mr. Smyth,
of Texas, that he is suffering from indisposition.
Mr. EDDY. I should, perhaps, make the same
remark in relation to my colleague, Colonel Mil-
ler. He has been ailing for several days; but,
notwithstanding that, he remained here during
the entire night and only left this morning.
Mr. KEtfR. Is this in order ?
The SPEAKER. Excuses are not m order.
Mr. KERR. Then I object.
After a long pause, during whi'ch nothing was
are sufferers, eminent sufferers, and we are mar-
tyrs to our public duty . We have been here all the
time under the most inauspicious circumstances,
and we have resisted every attempt upon the part
of these gentlemen to leave the House. We have
maintained our posts, we have kept a nucleus of
organization, a rallying point, and at last, under
the opportunity afforded by the rules of this House,
we have recalled the back-sliders, [laughter',]
we have brought them back into the fold without
Altera long pause, uu.i,,g     --6, --- , their making due and proper acknowledgments for
said or done, the Sergeant-at-Arms again made his , their delinquencies; nowever, so far fiom th a ,
appearance at the bar, and reported that Messrs. according to the view of my' ■ [rDI" ^
Gamble, Ritch.b, of .Pennsylvania, Lilly, . gin.a, [Mr. 1 Tn b tv he - To
Carpenter, Thurston, Mayall, McMcllin, : resentatives who have been on daty hei. are to
""p"': SW ^
JMSSW * t
Mr. LYON. I move that they be excused
75
i mai iney arc puwuo , , c ' a
j; those who brought these men to the bar ol judg-
ment to. stand by their rights and to hold them to
a strict accountability. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHEELER. As I am one of these unfor-
tunate individuals who have been brought to the
bar of the House, I desire to let my friend from
Kentucky know, and the House know, that while
he was out of the House, I was here all night.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was not out of
the House at all during the night.
Mr. WHEELER. If he was not out of the
House, then, I will retract the statement 1 have
made so far as he is concerned. I wish to letthis
House know that I was here all night and until
half-past seven o'clock this morning. I desire
to have it go upon the record that I have been
here attending to my duties, and it is very evident
since I left the House that there has not been any-
thing done of consequence. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. 1 call the gentleman to order.
This discussion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. KEITT. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with with a view
of facilitating the public business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests to gen-
tlemen that the cases of those who have been
admitted into the Hall should be disposed of.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish merely to say, as the
gentleman from Kentucky has referred to some
of us who were absent this morning, that 1 w&a
here until eight o'clock this morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina demands the execution of the order.
There is a motion pending to excuse the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] and others.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SKELTON. I wish to ask if I am re-
ported as an absentee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey is reported as an absentee.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to say, then, that I
was here until half-past seven o'clock this morn-
ing, when I left. I have no apology to make ex-
cept for one thing. 1 have an apology to make
to the House and country for being here on this
sacred day 
The SPEAKER. This course of debate is not
in order, and the Chair must enforce the rules.
Mr. KEITT. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with, and the doors of the House were
reopened.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have been endeavor-
ing for the last three days to get the floor with the
view of asking a favor of the House, the only one
I have ever asked or ever expect to ask at their
hands.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill for
improving and codifying the laws of the District
! | of Columbia.
I Also, that they had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of (he two Houses upon the naval appropri-
ation bill.
ENROLLED BILL.
I Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
! Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act to ira-
| prove the laws of the District of Columbia, and to
! codify the same; which was signed by the Speaker.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
The committee of conference upon the naval ap-
■ propriation bill have agreed, and I desire now to
1 present thnr report. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
remark that many of the amendments upon which
the committee of conference have acted have never
