1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
Fifty-fourth amendments, |
For compensation to Feidinand Coxe, as acting charge j
d'afiaire^ m Biazti, fiom the 12th day of May to the 16th I
day of Augu&t, Jc7>3, a period of three months and four !
days>, winch shall be in full for ail demand for such services
for the period named, $729 17.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
For compensation to Horatio J. Perry, as acting charge
d'affaires at Madrid from-the 3d day of July tt> the 4th day
of October, 1852; from the 11th day of May to the 21st day
of Jane, 1653; and from the 24th day of September to the
22d day of October, 1853, an aggregate period of six months
and twenty-two days, which shall be in full of all demand
for such services for the period named, $1,402 75.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
For balance of compensation to Robert M. Walsh, as
acting charg6 d'affaires m Mexico in the years 1848 and
1849, which shall be in full for ail demand for such services
during that period, $833 33.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
For compensation to C. E. Anderson, as acting charge
d'affaires at Pans, for seven months and twenty-nine days,
from the 1st day of April to the 29th day of November, 1837,
which shall be in full for all demand for such services for
the period named, $1,659 72.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
For paying to Asbury Dickins the difference between the
compensation of head of a Department and chief elerk of a
Department for the time he acted as Secretary of Slate and
Secretary of the Treasury, by appointment by President
Jackson, to be ascertained by the proper accounting offi-
cers, a sum not exceeding $2,500.
Sixtieth amendment:
For fuel for the President's House, $1,000. For furnace
keeper at the President's House, $365.
Sixty-first amendment:
For the erection of a suitable house for the plants recently
brought from Japan for the United States, $1,500; to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Committee on Public
Buildings.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
And the sum of $2,000 additional is hereby appropriated
for lighting with gas Bridge and High streets in George-
town ; to be expended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings ; and said committee is hereby
authorized and directed to complete the lighting of the street
with gas, from Pennsylvania avenue, where it intersects
with loth street, to the commencement of said avenue at
17th street, being at the east of the Treasury Department,
and north of the President's House.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
Sec. —. A nd be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for other purposes," as
provided for compensation to certain subjects of Spam at
New Orleans and at Key West, shall be construed to em-
brace any losses sustained on the same occasion by Michael
Papriuitza, a subject of Austria. j
Seventy-eighth amendment: |
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That nothing con- ;
tamed in the ninth section of the act entitled u An act to :
remodel the diplomatic and consular systems of the United ,
States," passed at the present session of Congress, shall be [
so construed as to prohibit the appointment as consul or j
commercial agent, under the ptovisions ot said act, of any
person who may have held such office when said act passed,
and who, though not a citizen of the United States, shall
have heretofore resided therein, and shaii have married a
citizen oi the United States. j
Seventy-ninth amendment: I
Sec. And be it further enacted^ That the Secretary -
of the Treasury be, and hejis hereby, duected to pay, out of
any monev in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to ,
C. E. Anderson, late secretary of legation ot the United \
States at Pans, the sum of $1,659 72, it being the difference ,
between the compensation received by him as secretary of j
legation and that of a charge d'affaires from the 1st day of 1
April to the 29fh dny of November, 1837, during which j
peuod he acted in the latter capacity, j
Eighty-fourth amendment: |
Sec   Anita it further enacted, That it shall be law- 1
ful for the President of the United States to cause such
measuies to be taken as, in his opinion, may be expedient
tor providing convenient accommodations, medical assist-
ance, necessary attendance, and supplies lor the relief of
sick  nd disabled seamen of the United States who may be
at, or lieai, the port of Havana, Cuba, in case the same can
be done with the assent of the Government having jurisdic-
tion of tiiich port, and for this purpose to establish such reg-
ulations and to authorize the employment ot such persons
as- he mav judge proper; and Uiatloi dehaying the expenses
thereof, a sum not exceeding $10,0u0 is her< by appropriated,
out of yfiv monpy in the Tr« a-*ury not othenvu>e appropri-
ated : Provided, That no building shall be erected or pur-
chased unuer the provisions ofthis section.
Eighty-sixth amendment:
Sec. And be it further enacted, That the weighers,
gaugets, and measurers lor the collection district of New
York shall hereafter receive compensation at the rate of
$2,000 each per annum ; and inspectors for said district
shall hereafter receive a& compensation a sum not exceed-
ing four dollats per day each for their services.
Eighty-eighth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it fuither enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is heieby authorized to appoint for the col-
lection district of New York five weighers and inspectors,
iu addition to the number heretofore allowed by Jaw.
Ninety-first amendment: >
For the construction of a building for a marine hospital
at Cincinnati, Ohio, $75,000.
Ninety-fourth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of July next the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to regulate
and fix the salaries of the lespective keepers of light-houses
in such manner as he shall deem just and proper: Pro-
vided, The whole sum allowed t-hall not exceed an average
of $500 to each person.
Ninety-sixth amendment:
Page 15, line three hundred and fifty-nine, to the clause
"for compensation of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and the recorder, draughtsman, assistant draughts-
man. clerks, messengers, assistant messenger?, packers,
andiaborers in his office, $168,186," add the following:
Provided, That the difference between the amount paid
to the several principal accountants of the General Land
Office and that contemplated for such service by the act of
July 4,1836, reorganizing that office, shall be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
One hundred and third amendment:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and required to inquire into and ascertain the
actual amount of damage sustained by Cormack & Ram-
sey under a contract made with them by Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Postmaster General, on the 15th of February, 1853,
for the transportation of the mails between Vera Cruz and
San Francisco, via Acapulco, &e.; and that the amount
so ascertained be paid to said Cormack &- Ramsey oat of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
One hundred and fourth amendment:
Page 49, line eleven hundred and eighty, strike out
"3" and insert u 4;" so as to make the clause read:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Utah Ter-
ritory, $4,000.
One hundred and fifth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further cnacted, That the sum of
$15,000 be appropriated towards the erection and comple-
tion of a eourt house in the town of Exeter, m the county
of Rockingham and State of New Hampshire: Provided,
That the other parties in interest in said court house appro •
pnate at least an equal sum to said purpose: And provided
further, That Lhe authorities of said county of Rockingham
(having control thereof) execute in writing and deliver to
the clerk of the circuit court of the United States for the
district of New Hampshire, a lease or license granting to
the said courts of the United States the perpetual use of
said court house for United States court puiposes, free of
rent or other charge.
One hundred and seventh amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and is hereby, authorized and required so to
construe the act of Congress, approved July 07, 1854, for
the relief of James M. Gojrgin, late special agent of the
Post Office Depaitmentin California, as that he shall be
paid the same salary for the time he acted as such agent
as is now paid to his successor in office under the present
law; and also the amounts for office rent and clerk hire,
which may be shown by proper vouchers to have been ac-
tually pawt by him for the same.
One hundred and ninth and one hundred and
tenth amendments of the Senate:
Page 20, line four hundred and seventy-eight, after
"NewMexico, "insert "whose salary shall be $4,500," and
strike out" $7,000," and insert m heu thereof" $18,000
so as to make the clause read :
For compensation of surveyor general of New Mexico,
whose salary shall Be $4,500, and the cleiks in his office,
$18,500.
One hundred and eleventh amendment:
Page 20, line four hundred and eighty, after " Nebraska,"
insert " whose salary shall be $3,500so as Ho make the
clause read:
For compensation of surveyor general of Kansas and
Nebraska, whose salary shall be $3,500, and the clerks m
his office, $8,300,
One hundred and sixteenth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase five
hundred burial sites in the Washington Cemetery, for the
interment of members of Congress, and such public officers
as Congress may direct, 85,000: Provided, The said sites
be as near as practicable to tho-e heretofore purchased by
the United States, and that the money paid therefor shall
be applied to the erection of an iron fence on the north
front of said cemetery.
I One hundred and nineteenth amendment: *
I For payment to R. H. YVeightman, of New Mexico, for
I mileage and compensation l'or attendance during the second
session oi the thirty-first Congress, $2,485.
i One hundred and twenty-first amendment:
■ Sec. —. And be d further enacfcd, Tharwhen any judge
i before whom an appeal ft om the decision of a commissioner
1 is now or shall hereafter be pending, shall for any cause be
j unable to hear and determine Hie' same with reasonable
, promptness, the Commissioner of Parents may rpquire the
I appellant to select one of the other judges, to whom the
! case sh-ill be tranbfem d; and if, withm a reasonable time,
! to be fixed by the commissioner, such selection is not
j made, the appeal shall be dismissed.
One hundred and twenty-sixth amendment:
'i Sec.—. And be it further enurtcd, That the act of
August the 4th, 1854, making appropriations for the civil
j} and diplomatic expenses of the year ending Uie 30th of June,
1855, is hereby amended in section six so as to allow the"
laborers there performing messengers' duty, in whole or in
part, the same compensation they were entitled to before
the passage of said act.
One hundred and twenty-eighth amendment:
Sec.—. Andbeit further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to allow and pay to agents for paying pensions a commis-
sion of three per centum on the amount of moneys by such
agents annually disbursed, and shall be paid outof the funds
appropriated for the payment of revolutionary pensioners j
saijl commission shall be in full for all services and contin-
gent expenses of said agency, except for books, priming,
and stationery : Provided, That the amount of compensa-
tion allowed to any one agent shall not exceed the sum of
$•1,500 a year.
Sec.—. Andbe it further enacted, That the provisions of
the above section of this act be, and they are hereby, ex-
tended to those persons, their heirs, or legal representatives
who served as pen&ionagents prior to the 20th of February,
1847, and subsequent to the 20th of April, 1836, when no
compensation was provided by law for such services : Pro-
vided, Such agents were not bankers, corporations, or the
agents or officers thereof.
One hundred and twenty-ninth amendment:
For the compensation of those who have been employed
to perform the duties of principal examiners of patents in
the Patent Office, at salaries paid by law for those grades
respectively, for the time they shall perform, or shall have
performed, those duties, ^14,850, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, to be paid out of the Patent Office fund.
One hundred and thirty-eighth amendment:
That the fees and compensation allowed to the marshals
of the United States in the respective districts, shall here-
after be the same which may be allowed to the sheriffs
under the State laws for similar services : Provided, This
shall not be construed to diminish the present fees allowed.
One hundred and forty-first amendment:
For completing, inclosing, and furnishing the marine
hospital at Evansville, Indiana, $10,000.
The committee of conference recommend that
the House do recede from its disagreement to the
following amendments of the Senate, and concur in
the same:
Thirty-second amendment:
And that the Secretary of War be, and he hereby is,
directed to cause to be constructed on such sites, in a cen-
tral position, on the public grounds, in the city of Wash-
ington, as may selected by the President of the United
States, a suitable building for the care and preservation of
the ordnance, and arms, and accouterments of the United
States, required for the use of the volunteers and militia of
the District of Columbia, and for the caie and preservation
of the military trophies of the revolutionary and other wars,
and for the deposit of newly invented and model arms for
the military service; the said ordnance, and arms, and the
building, to be used by the volunteers and militia of the
District of Columbia, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the President; and for the purpose of carry-
ing this act into effect, the sum of $30,000 be, and the same
hereby is, appropriated out of aay money in the Treasury
1 not otheiwise appropriated.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
For amount equal to drafts, checks, and deposit's await-
ing decisions m certain applications for approval of sales of
Indian reserves, including $800 collected by and deposited
with the late firm of Selden, Withers & Co., by a former
disbursing officer of the Government, $4,400: Provided,
That such portion of this sum as may be recovered fiom
said firm and disbursing officer shall be reimbursed to th#
Treasury of the United States. .
Fiftieth amendment:
That the Secretary of State cause the accounts of Joseph
i Eve, deceased, late charge d'affaires of the United States
] to the hue Republic of Texas, to be audited and adjusted
; hy the proper accounting officers of the Government; and
| that the amoutit found due thereon be paid to Betsy W,
i Eve, widow of said Joseph Eve, out of any money in the
Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated.
Sixty-ninth amendment:
Sjsc. — And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 30fh of June, 1855. the Secretary of State be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to cause the examination,
classification, and distribution of the.clerks m the Depart-
ment of State, in the same manner as directed in other
Executive Departments by the provisions contained in the
third section or an act entitled " An act making appropria-
tion* for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment," approved March 3,1853, who shall be paid annual
salaries according to the act amendatory thereof, approved
22d April, 1854. And the whole permanent clerical force
in said Department shall consist of three clerks of class
! one; two of clas<* two; eight ot class three; eight of class
! four; and one chief clerk, in lieu of those now authorized
by law; and one of the said clerks of ciass four shall give
! bonds as required by the indepcndentTreasury act, and make
the disbursements for the Department, and superintend the
Northeast Executive Building; and shall receive, therefor
£200 per annum in addition to his salary as clerk of class
four: Provided, That the increased salary hereby allowed
1 the chief elerk shall beeon&trued to take effect from the 1st
of July, 1853, and be paid accoidmgly.
Eighty-seventh amendment:
Sec —. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed a consul general, to reside m the British North
American Provinces, with a salary of $4,000 per annum,
and the sum of$4,l00 is heieby appropriated for that object.
Eighty-ninth amendment:
For furnishing the custom-house, post office, and United
