
Creek had been repulsed, and Sullivan, occupying Hedgesville with infantry and cavalry, reported no enemy visible in the Shenandoah Valley.

On the 10th Sullivan occupied Martinsburg with his cavalry.

Remained in Cumberland until the 14th of July pressing forward the troops, who continued to arrive slowly from the West.

On the 14th took cars on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, reaching Martinsburg about midday. At this place General Sigel reported in person with a detailed account of his operations and the military situation. Reached Harper's Ferry on horseback the same night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

ADDENDA.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 14, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding the Army of the Shenandoah, via Beverly, Va.:

This Department has received with great satisfaction your official dispatch announcing the recent brilliant victory won by your army, and their occupation of the city of Staunton. These brilliant achievements wipe out the antecedent disasters to our arms in former campaigns in the Shenandoah Valley, and induce strong hope that, led on by the courage and guided by the experienced skill of its commander, the army of the Shenandoah will rival our other gallant armies in the successful blows against the rebels. To yourself, and the brave officers and soldiers of your command, the thanks of the President and of this Department are tendered.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 2. Composition and losses of the Union Forces June 10-23.

[Compiled from nominal lists of casualties, returns, &amp;c.]

Killed. Wounded. Captain or miss.

 Off	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Agg

Command.	 ice	 .	 ice	 .	 ice	 .	 reg

 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 ate

FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION.

Brigadier General

JEREMIAH C. SULLIVAN.

First Brigade.

Colonel GEORGE D. WELLS.

34th Massachusetts,	 -	 5	 1	 41	 -	 -	 47

Captain George W.

Thompson

5th New York Heavy

Artillery (Companies A, B, C	 -	 -	 -	 4	 -	 -	 4

and D), Lieutenant

Colonel Edward Murray.

116th Ohio, Colonel James	 -	 5	 1	 29	 -	 -	 35

Washburn

123rd Ohio, Col William T.	 -	 3	 -	 14	 -	 1	 18

Wilson.

Total First Brigade.	 -	 13	 2	 88	 -	 1	 104

