
the right of the Second Brigade, and the Third Brigade formed on the right of the First. As soon as the Second Brigade had fairly engaged the enemy, I ordered a charge of the other two brigades across the intervening meadow of from one-fourth to one-half mile wide. These brigades charged across this meadow through a most galling fire of musketry and artillery. A part of the Third Brigade was thrown into confusion for a while but soon rallied and came up in good style; it was then that the gallant Colonel Woolworth fell. On arriving at the foot of the slope upon which the enemy were posted we encountered a sunken muddy stream waist deep. The men plunged in an crossed to the opposite side, where they were under shelter from the enemy's bullets. After taking breath the men commenced ascending the ridge, which in places was at an angle of sixty degrees, under a most galling fire. The ranks wavered a little in spot, but the general line moved steadily on until near the enemy's formidable breast-works on the crest of the ridge, a species of chevalde-frise made of rails inverted, when the men rushed forward with a yell, the enemy remaining behind their works until battered away by our men, Heaps of their dead were lying behind their works, mostly shot in the head. Finally the enemy commenced wavering, and the impetuosity with which out men charged them soon made a general rout of their ranks; then ensued a scene of great carnage of the enemy; our men followed them as fast as their tired and wornout condition would permit. Colonel Oley with his cavalry was ordered up, but his men were the odds and ends of several regiments, many with broken-down horses, and were not in a condition for the service that was required of them.

Had I but 1,000 effective cavalry none of the enemy could have escaped. The enemy left on the field two pieces of artillery and a great number of small-arms. In some two miles from Dublin we encountered some 500 or 1,000 of General Morgan's men, who had just arrived from Saltville on the cars about ten minutes before. They soon broke and fled precipitately after their comrades. No enemy could be found on our arrival at Dublin but had fled in direction of the New River bridge. During the first part of the engagement our artillery could not be used but during the pursuit the artillery did good work.

From the best information I could get the enemy had some 4,000 to 7,000 men, under command of General Jenkins. A very intelligent captain of theirs, who was mortally wounded, stated our numbers very accurately, and declared that their force was greater than ours. The prisoners taken were from fourteen different regiments. Our loss in killed was 107, wounded 508, missing 28. Most of the missing, I think, straggles back to the hospital. We buried over 200 of the enemy's dead and captured 230 prisoners besides their wounded. It was impossible for me to ascertain the number of their wounded, but allowing the usual percentage to their killed their wounded must have been at least from 800 to 1,000.

General A. G. Jenkins and Lieutenant-Colonel Smith fell into our hands, seriously wounded, who have their paroles to report at Charleston as soon as their wounds will admit, of not properly exchanged before that time. I also learned from various sources that hundreds of their men had deserted to the mountains; several came out with us. I regret that from want of transportation I was compelled to leave some 200 of my most seriously wounded cases in hospital near the battle-field. Plenty of supplies and medical attendance was left with them.

