
I signaled Ellis to get a guard and remain. At 6 o'clock Maryland Heights reported "Ellis gone." I signaled immediately to Maryland Heights to tell Ellis we have a cavalry force at Antietam Furnace, to get a guard from it, and return at once. At 11.30 p.m. Ellis, having resumed his station at McClellan lookout, reported:

Large fire in Shepherdstown. Camp fires in the Valley.

On the 5th:

MARYLAND HEIGHTS-8.30 a.m.

Large body of infantry and cavalry, with ammunition train, north from Shepherdstown.

Colonel Vernon, commanding cavalry detachment, reports:

McCLELLAN-9.15 p.m.

I attacked the enemy and drove him to Antietam Ford. He was re-enforced and drove me into Lookout mountains. One wagon train moving toward Hagerstown; another from Antietam Ford. A prisoner captured says Breckinridge is on this road.

The station at McClellan lookout was abandoned to-night, by reason of the enemy getting between it and our lines.

On the 6th our forces marched to Harper's Ferry. General Sheridan assumed command of the military division, of which this department was a portion. General Hunter's staff was ordered to Cumberland.

On the 9th General Crook, commanding Department of West Virginia, ordered me, in the absence of any orders from General Sheridan, to have my efficient officers and men report to him, and with the others go to Cumberland and drill them, and when well instructed join him them. Lieutenant Thayer was directed with his party to return to the Department of the Susquehanna. And with those officers and men requiring instruction I marched to Cumberland, reaching there on the 12th. On arrival at Cumberland, I placed Lieutenant Eugene Clyde in arrest, and preferred charges against him for absence without leave, fraud, &amp;c.

On the 13th I encamped my party at Cumberland, and remained there drilling officers and men until the 27th.

On the 24th, having received orders to report to General Sheridan with my party (by telegraph from Washington), I made all haste, and marched on the 27th by way of Williamsport, and reached Harper's Ferry on the evening of the 29th. I rested the party till daylight, and on the morning of the 30th marched to Charlestown, and reported to General Sheridan.

On the 1st of September I received telegraphic orders to report at headquarters Army of the Potomac, and on the 2nd of September left Department of West Virginia.

The officers and men of the detachment all did remarkably well in the field considering the disadvantages under which they labored in regard to want of instruction and want of proper equipment before starting, excepting Lieutenant Merritt, who was very inefficient and, I think, of doubtful habits, and Lieutenant Clyde, who absented himself very much from his proper post of duty, and was guilty of gross frauds against the Government.

Lieutenant Ellis especially deserved mention for his zeal and ability.

My officers and myself were uniformly treated with consideration by all the general officers under whom we served, and though with

