
woods and down a steep bank into the river. By detaching the three companies on the left of my regiment, my command was somewhat scattered when they arrived on the bluff at the river-bank, but were soon reformed in good order.

Lieutenant R. P. Robison, of Company C, captured Colonel Browne, who commanded a Virginia brigade. Lieutenant G. W. Camp, of Company I, captured Colonel Jones, who commanded a Tennessee brigade*, placing him in charge of Private Harry Spencer, of Company G, of the Twelfth Virginia, to take him to the rear. Two colonels of regiments, with other field, staff, and line officers, too numerous to mention, were captured by different members of my regiment. Private Thomas Evans, of Company D, wrested the colors from the color bearer of a Tennessee regiment, sending the color bearer to the rear. So numerous were the captures made of the enemy, that I was compelled to stop taking them to the rear, and simply disarm them and turn them out over the barricade to be taken charge of by the cavalry, who were in the open field on our right and rear.

The casualties in my regiment were, under the circumstances, surprisingly small, which I attribute to the impetuosity of their charge upon the enemy, who were not given time to rally with anything like order or concert of action in their own defense.

The number of men of my command in the engagement was 394, Companies B and G having been left in rear of the batteries to keep up the skirmish line on the left and guard against surprise from that direction.

The only commissioned officer wounded was my adjutant, W. H. Rose, who received a painful but not dangerous wound in the left thigh, while gallantly cheering on the men in front of the position held by Brigadier-General Jones.

Only 2 men of my regiment were killed and 27 wounded, a list# of whom accompanies this report. This does not include some 40 whose wounds are so slight that they have not been reported to the hospital.

It would be invidious to mention officers or men by name, conspicuous for acts of bravery upon the field. All behaved most gallantly, each did all that could be expected of brave men, and all are equally entitled to the thanks and gratitude of their commanding officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

[Colonel JOSEPH THOBURN,

Commanding Second Brigade.]

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General George Crook, U. S. Army, commanding Second Infantry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., OF INFTY., DEPT. OF W. VA.,Charleston, Va., July 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on my arrival at Meadow Bluff, May 19, from the New River expedition, I received

---------------

*Jones commanded the Sixtieth Virginia Infantry.

#Omitted.

---------------

