
During the storming of the enemy's works I was with the First Brigade, and can bear testimony to the gallant manner with which both officers and men did their work. Not being personally cognizant of the individuals who deserve particular mention I most cheerfully and heartily indorse those who have been so mentioned by their regimental and brigade commanders, particularly Colonel I. H. Duval, Ninth Virginia Regiment, with his gallant regiment, who stormed the enemy's works without wavering, losing one-third of his regiment in killed and wounded.

I am much indebted for the success of this battle to the brigade commanders, Cols. H. G. Sickel, C. B. White, and R. B. Hayes, for their personal bravery, their hearty co-operation, and the intelligent manner in which they carried out and anticipated my orders and plans. At Dublin many public stores fell into our hands. There I saw dispatches from Richmond stating that General Grant had been repulsed and was retreating, which determined me to move to Lewisburg as rapidly as possible.

On the morning (the 10th) I moved on to New River bridge and found the enemy had evacuated their works, burnt the carriages of their two siege pieces in position, and retreated to the opposite side of the river, where they were drawn up in line. After an artillery duel of a couple of hours, the enemy were compelled to retire, when we destroyed the bridge and other public property in vicinity. Our loss here was 1 killed and 10 wounded. Major B. M. Skinner, acting assistant inspector-general, was wounded slightly by the explosion of a shell. Great praise is due to Captain J. R. McMullin and the artillery under him in this engagement. We then moved down and crossed the river at Pepper's Ferry.

The next morning 50 prisoners arrived from General Averell, and I then learned that he had not succeeded in reaching Saltville, but would strike the railroad at Wytheville. Moved to Blacksburg that day. That night heard by courier from General Averell that he met a large force, and could not get to Wytheville, but would be at Dublin that night. I consequently sent him instructions to move toward Lynchburg, destroying the railroad.

Next morning I started to Union through a drenching rain. At the junction of the road from the Narrows of New River w met Mudwall Jackson with 1,500 men, who fled precipitately toward the Narrows, leaving knapsacks, camp and garrison equipage, provisions, &amp;c. The roads began to get most impassable. Much of our train could not get into camp this night, but was strung out over Salt Pond Mountain. The wagons in many places would go down to their beds in the mud. Many of the teams were giving out, and we had no forage for them, and had Peter's Mountain yet to cross before we could get any. I was compelled to destroy some of my loads, so as to lighten up my wagons. I regard the bringing through our train with so slight a loss as one of the most remarkable features of the expedition, and certainly reflects great credit on the quartermaster's department. A great deal credit on the quartermaster's department. A great deal of this transportation was received just on the eve of our departure from Charleston, when it was too late to get other and certainly better transportation, it being sent to the rear from our large armies every day as being unserviceable. On Peter's Mountain some of Jackson's force had abandoned one piece of artillery and some eight or ten wagons and ambulances. I marched via Union and Alderson's Ferry to this place, arriving here on the 19th. General Averell with his command joined us at Union. We were nine days coming from

