
a dispatch from Major-General Sigel, then commanding the department, to make a demonstration on Staunton as soon as possible. Being out of provision and many of my men barefoot, I was compelled to lay over here until such supplies could be brought up from Gauley Bridge, but owing to the miserable transportation furnished by the quartermaster's department (many of the animals thus furnished being not two years old), I was compelled to lie here eleven days instead of five, and then I was compelled to leave on the 30th [31st], with many of my men barefoot and scantily supplied with rations.

I marched via Callaghan's, Warm Springs, Goshen Depot, Pond Gap, and Middlebrook to Staunton, arriving at the latter place on the morning of the 8th of June. During the march we kept up almost a continued skirmish with the enemy's scouts, guerrillas, and found Millborough Depot, with McCausland's and Jenkins' brigades, who would occupy the strong positions in my advance in order to impede my march, but without avail. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing was very slight, inflicting a much heavier loss on the enemy. We burned Calf Pasture bridge, besides some lesser bridges and culverts, and tore up some three or four miles of the track on the Virginia Central Railroad. General Averell left the vicinity of Lewisburg some two days after me. (For particulars see his report). At Staunton we were fortunate enough to get shoes for our barefoot men.

Colonel Campbell reported to me on the 9th with the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, and was assigned the command of the Third Brigade.

I marched on the morning of the 10th, per instructions from the major-general commanding, on the Lexington road via Middlebrook; met McCausland's brigade, some 1,500 strong, a couple of miles from Staunton. By skirmishing with my advance and occupying strong positions along the road ahead of me, he endeavored to retard my march, but his loss of killed and wounded that fell into my hands was more than double mine. We marched twenty-four miles and encamped at Brownsburg. General Averell encamped some two miles to my right.

On my approach to Lexington next morning the enemy fled across the river, burned the bridges, and occupied the cliff on the opposite bank of the river and in the edge of Lexington, opening on me with artillery and musketry. I occupied their attention in front while I sent the Second Brigade, Colonel White commanding, to ford the river about two miles above. General Averell had also crossed the river several miles above town, and on the approach of General Averell's and Colonel White's commands, the enemy fled toward Buchanan. The advance guard of the First Brigade entered town on the heels of the enemy and were first in town. Lay at Lexington two days.

Marched to Buchanan the 14th, a distance of twenty-six miles.

Next day crossed the mountains by Peaks of Otter, and hearing and rear, I halted at Fancy Farm and requested General Averell also to await until the remainder of the command came up.

Next morning moved to Liberty, seven miles. My division thoroughly destroyed the railroad from Liberty to Big Otter Creek by tearing up the track, burning the ties, and bending the rails. Encamped near Big Otter on the Forest road.

