
Received dispatch from the major-general commanding just before daylight next morning to march across to the main road at New London-that General Averell reported the enemy in force there. Arrived on this road, eight miles from Lynchburg, next morning at 10 o'clock, marching eleven miles. Learning that the enemy had retreated toward Lynchburg, halted here until 4 p.m. for General Sullivan's division, when we moved on the main road to Lynchburg, my division in front. General Averell's division moved on a road to the right, which intersected the main road some four miles from Lynchburg, which caused the enemy to fall back beyond the intersection of these roads. When I arrived at these cross-roads General Averell had already passed and was engaging the enemy at the church on the hill beyond. Upon my arrival at the church the enemy began to show themselves in considerable force and were pressing back our skirmish line. At General Averell's request I sent a brigade of infantry to support his line; also sent the third Brigade, Colonel Campbell commanding, to our left to clear a skirt of woods of the enemy. The Second Brigade of my division that I had sent to the right to support General Averell, soon checked the enemy's advance and started them in the opposite direction and drove them over a mile, capturing 4 pieces of artillery, but by mistake only 1 piece was brought off the field. Part of this brigade had already turned the enemy's works, but by this time it had become so dark and not knowing the ground the pursuit was discontinued. General Sullivan soon came up with his division and relieved mine, when I fell back, replenished my cartridge-boxes, and went into camp for the night.

Next morning I was sent to the right with my division to make a reconnaissance for the purpose of turning the enemy's left. Found it impracticable after marching some three or four miles, and just returned with my division and got it in position to support General Sullivan's division when the enemy made an attack on our lines. On the retreat this evening my division brought up the rear. When I reached Liberty I found General Averell had gone into camp in the edge of town; the infantry were going into camp some mile and a half farther on. Just as my division was passing through town the enemy were reported on the Lynchburg road. General Averell desired me to leave part of my division to support his cavalry, but as my men had marched all night and day, with scarcely any rest, I was anxious to put them in camp as soon as possible, and also being well satisfied that nothing but the enemy's cavalry could have had time to reach Liberty, and also that our cavalry was superior in numbers to theirs, I declined unless the enemy should develop a sufficient force to warrant the harassing of my tired men. The enemy, however, only developed some 1,500 or 2,000 cavalry, and had an engagement with General Averell's cavalry.

Left camp at 2 o'clock next morning; arrived at Buford's Gap at about 1 p.m. Early's corps reached the gap about 3 or 4 p.m. and endeavored to flank us out of the gap, but failed. We resumed the march at 9 p.m. I have no evidence that the enemy's infantry followed us farther than to this point. Their cavalry, however, followed us to the eastern slope of the Catawba Mountain. From here on to the Kanawha Valley no enemy made his appearance except an occasional bushwhacker. The division became a little straitened for provisions, but came in in good shape.

