
I cannot speak too highly of both officers and men of the division for their uniform good behavior and cheerful and prompt obedience to orders, and the uncomplaining fortitude with which they endured the hardships and privations incident to the march.

My losses during the whole expedition are as follows, viz:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

First Brigade.	 11	 49	 16	 76

Second Brigade.	 17	 58	 4	 79

Third Brigade.	 29	 134	 27	 190

Total*	 57	 241	 47	 345

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Rutherford B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp Crook, W. Va., July 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a brief report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Second Infantry Division, Department of West Virginia, in the late campaign against Staunton and Lynchburg.

The brigade left Meadow Bluff May 31 with 2,433 men and officers, viz: Twenty-third Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, under Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Comly, 534; Thirty-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel H. F. Devol, 553; Fifth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel A. A. Tomlinson, 572; Thirteenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William R. Brown, 774; total, 2,433.

We reached Staunton June 8 without loss, the enemy frequently appearing in our front and making several ineffectual efforts to delay or stop our progress. At Staunton 9 officers and 160 men of Twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, whose term of service had expired, were sent to Ohio to be mustered out of service.

On the 10th day of June we started via Lexington and Buchanan toward Lynchburg, reaching the vicinity of that city June 17, after a march of about 100 miles and a delay of two days at Lexington. On this march the First Brigade led the column on the day we reached Lexington and the greater part of the day before, and during both days was engaged in several brisk skirmishes with the enemy. On the day before reaching Lexington, June 10, an advance guard, composed of four companies of the Fifth West Virginia Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Enochs, engaged the enemy twice, driving them rapidly, with some loss. In one of these skirmishes at Newport Lieutenant Miller, Fifth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, was killed at the head of his command.

On the 11th, during the attack on Lexington, the Thirty-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, under Colonel Devol, led the

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 104.

---------------

