
column, and pushing rapidly up to the enemy's position near the town, occupied their attention until a part of our forces crossing the river above town compelled its evacuation. In this advance and attack Lieutenant J. M. Hamlin, Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was severely wounded, and of the same regiment 3 men were killed and 7 wounded.

At Lynchburg, on the 18th, the brigade was formed to repel what was deemed at the time an assault of our position by the enemy in force. A line was formed with the greatest promptness, the Fifth West Virginia Infantry having formed in a part of the line, when the enemy, after a sudden approach, hastily withdrew. Pursued the retreating rebels and drove them from their rifle-pits to the protection of their main works. The works being too strong to be carried by the force there before them, the regiment retired in some disorder, but was promptly reformed before reaching our own lines. I regret to state that in this charge Lieutenant D. J. Thomas fell mortally wounded.

After leaving Lynchburg the officers and men of the First Brigade sustained themselves through the hardships and privations of the retreat like good soldiers. No words of praise could do more than justice to their good conduct throughout the campaign.

We reached Charleston July 1, after a march from Meadow Bluff of almost 500 miles.

Our loss was as follows:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

23rd Ohio Veteran	 -	 3	 6	 9

Volunteer Infantry

36th Ohio Veteran	 3	 11	 3	 17

Volunteer Infantry

5th West Virginia	 8	 27	 6	 41

Volunteer Infantry

13th West Virginia	 -	 8	 1	 9

Volunteer Infantry

Total*	 11	 49	 16	 76

I herewith transmit copies of the reports of regimental commanders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Kanawha.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Abia A. Tomlinson, Fifth West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment VIRGINIA VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Charleston, July 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry in the fight near Lynchburg on the 18th ultimo:

Between the hours of 1 and 2 p.m., in obedience to orders from the brigade commander, the regiment left its position in the woods on the right of the road, three miles from the city, and moved across the road to another wood, where the enemy was making a vigorous assault on the Second Infantry Division. A line of battle was

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 104.

---------------

