
formed and the regiment ordered forward. Just at that moment the general commanding the First Infantry Division rode up and directed that if the enemy gave way to pursue him closely and charge his fortifications. The regiment was moved rapidly forward directly on the enemy's works. The ground was rough and rocky, but the line of battle was kept well formed and the men moved steadily forward. The fire from the enemy was pretty sharp while we were advancing through the woods, but no line of battle was apparent, the enemy being scattered and firing from behind trees and fences. After moving forward nearly half a mile from the place we entered the woods, crossing a deep ravine and ascending to brow of the hill, we found our line within a few yards of a strong fortification, from which the enemy opened a very severe fire upon us, when we were compelled to retire. The men were soon rallied, supplied with ammunition, and ready for another engagement.

The los of the regiment was 8 killed, 27 wounded (Lieutenant D. J. Thomas mortally), and 6 missing. Others who left the battle-field with the regiment are since missing, having become exhausted on the march, and there being no transportation for them were necessarily left behind, and probably fell into the hands of the enemy. The number is not known, as some are still coming in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. TOMLINSON,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Virginia Vol. Infantry.

Captain R. HASTINGS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Division.

Recapitulation.-Left Meadow Bluff, May 31, with 567 men. Killed at Belle Valley, Lieutenant A. W. Miller; killed at Lynchburg, 8; wounded at Lynchburg, 27; missing in action at Lynchburg, 6. Distance marched from 31st May to 1st July, 467 miles.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel William R. Brown, Thirteenth West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. 13TH Regiment WEST VIRGINIA, VOL. INFTY.,Camp near Charleston, W. Va., July 2, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received July 1 instant, requiring a "full report of the action taken by your regiment since leaving Meadow Bluff, embracing the number of men at your departure, loss in killed, wounded, and missing," I have the honor to submit the following report:

On Monday, May 30, orders were received to march at 8 a.m. the 31st in the following order: Twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Thirteenth Virginia, Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Fifth Virginia. At the time of departure this regiment numbered 720 men.

Passed through Lewisburg, W. Va., June 1, at 8 a.m.

Crossed the main Alleghanies June 2.

Passed the Hot Springs June 4, at 6.30 a.m. Part of this regiment was deployed as skirmishers at Warm Springs Mountain, at which place the rebels appeared in some force on the top of the mountain. Camped at Goshen, on the Virginia Central Railroad, in the evening of June 5.

