
June 6 was devoted to destroying the railroad.

June 7, after crossing the mountain at Pond Gap, part of this regiment was deployed as skirmishers; past the village of Middlebrook to a rebel camp, which was found deserted. Arrived at Staunton June 8.

June 10, Privates William L. Harris and Taylor N. Hogg, of Company B, were wounded near the village of Newport, on the Staunton and Lexington road.

June 11, this regiment was present at the battle of Lexington, and entered the town at 6 p.m. by the burnt bridge.

Crossed the James River at Buchanan at 6 p.m. June 14.

Crossed the Blue Ridge and passed near the foot of the Peaks of Otter June 15.

Arrived at Liberty, county seat of Bedford, at 9 a.m. June 16. The remaining part of the day was devoted to destroying the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

June 17, at 10 p.m. this regiment was assigned its place in line of battle for the following day before Lynchburg.

June 18, at sunrise the enemy opened heavily with artillery. During the morning this regiment was deployed to the right of the town; at noon the force was concentrated at the center. This regiment was deployed in line of battle in front of brigade at 1 p.m., and slowly advanced under a heavy artillery and musketry fire toward the enemy's works, and remained before the works until 8 p.m., when this regiment received orders to march one mile beyond the village of New London. Loss in wounded in this day's battle Company D, 2, F. Ohlinger and L. C. Johnson; G., 3, M. W. Maybee, W. J. Dillon, and S. H. Clendenen; G, 1, A. J. Harper (missing in action); total, 6.

June 20, reached Buford's Gap at 2 p.m., at which place this regiment was deployed as skirmishers until sunset. Philip Wintz, Company A, wounded severely.

Recrossed the Alleghany Mountains in the evening of June 24.

Camped at Meadow Bluff June 25.

Crossed Gauley River at 11.30 June 28.

Encamped below Elk River at 1 p.m. July 1.

Distance marched since May 30, 480 miles.

Loss in wounded, 8; missing in action, 1; total, 9.

Respectfully,

WM. R. BROWN,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment West Virginia Vol. Infty.

Captain R. HASTINGS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Lynchburg.

CAMP PIATT, W. VA., June 30, 1864.

SIR: The following is the part taken in the engagement at Lynchburg, Va., June 17 and 18 instant, by the Second Brigade:

On the evening of the 17th formed line of battle to the right of the stone church, the left resting on the pike, and advanced in two lines

