
to meet the force that was driving Colonel Oley's brigade of cavalry, Colonel John A. Turley, Ninety-first Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Hines, Twelfth Ohio Volunteers, in advance, Colonel I. H. Duval, Ninth Virginia Infantry, and D. D. Johnson, colonel commanding Fourteenth Virginia Infantry, supporting. The advance was maintained under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery until the enemy had been driven from one-half to three-quarters of a mile. Dark coming on and the two advanced regiments having exhausted their ammunition, pursuit was discontinued.

Colonel John A. Turley was severely wounded while charging with his regiment a battery, part of which he captured.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hines charged and carried a rail stockade on the right, taking some 20 or 30 prisoners, one of whom was a captain.

On the 18th the brigade was held in reserve, and did not engage the enemy.

It gives me pleasure to refer again to the gallantry of Colonel John A. Turley, Ninety-first Ohio Volunteers; Colonel I. H. Duval, Ninth Virginia Infantry; Colonel D. D. Johnson, Fourteenth Virginia Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Hines, commanding Twelfth Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Coates, who succeeded Colonel Turley in command of Ninety-first Ohio Volunteers. For details you are referred to the reports of regimental commanders.

My personal staff, Captain G. W. Hicks, acting inspector-general; Lieutenant W. B. Nesbitt, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. W. Overturf, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. L. Sherwood, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant A. F. Kendall, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Maurice Watkins, acting ordnance officer, were on the field and rendered valuable assistance.

The loss in killed numbers 17, wounded, 58; missing, 4; total, 79.*

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. WHITE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JAMES L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.#

May 31.-The brigade marched from Meadow Bluff, Greenbrier County, W. Va., to Staunton and Lexington; crossed James River at Buchanan; crossed over the Blue Ridge to Liberty; thence to Lynchburg, were there was some fighting, in which the brigade did excellent service, driving the enemy one mile or more, capturing a number of prisoners and 2 pieces of artillery. Returning from Lynchburg we passed through Liberty, Salem, New Castle, Sweet Springs, White Sulphur Springs, Lewisburg, &amp;c., arriving at camp Piatt June 29. Total distance marched, about 450 miles. During the march a large portion of the Virginia Central Railroad was destroyed, and all the bridges for sixty miles burned on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, besides the destruction of many miles of track. Passing through the best part of Virginia, the loss to the enemy in stores and means of transportation was heavy.

The fight at Lynchburg on the 17th and 18th instant was quite severe.

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 104.

#From return for June.

---------------

