
Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan D. Hines, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Camp Piatt, W. Va., June 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the regiment under my command in the action at Lynchburg, Va., on the 17th and 18th instant:

The regiment being the advance of the Second Infantry Brigade came under the fire of the enemy's artillery when near a stone church (known as the Quaker Church) about three miles from Lynchburg. By order of Colonel White I field the regiment to the right of the road and formed line of battle on the extreme right behind a thick wood. Moving forward through the brush a few hundred yards, we met our cavalry skirmishers falling slowly back, disputing the ground with the advancing enemy. I ordered bayonets to be fixed, and advanced rapidly. The enemy retreated to a line of rail pens from which a heavy fire of musketry was opened at the same time that we were severely shelled from the hill in front. The pens were carried, and the enemy driven in confusion for over half a mile. Our loss in this charge was 7 killed, 9 wounded-that of the enemy greater. We captured 21 prisoners.

On the morning of the 18th, the regiment being held in reserve, had 2 men wounded during a heavy shelling.

The conduct of the officers and men of the regiment engaged in the spirited action of the 17th is above all praise.

Respectfully submitted.

J. D. HINES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding the Regiment.

Lieutenant W. B. NESBITT,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Second Infty. Div.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Coates, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Camp Piatt, W. Va., June 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Ninety-first Ohio Regiment in the battle of Lynchburg, Va., on the 17th and 18th instant.

The regiment commanded by Colonel J. A. Turley, being in the advanced brigade, was drawn up in line of battle under cover of a dense woods, forming the left of the front line of the brigade, our left resting on the road, and moved directly forward through the woods to the open ground, where the enemy was found strongly posted under cover of a ridge and rail pens beyond a deep ravine, with several pieces of artillery. After delivering one volley the regiment advanced, exposed to a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, driving the enemy from his position. While crossing the ravine Colonel Turley fell severely wounded in the thigh, and the command of the regiment devolved upon me. Advancing farther it was found that the enemy had taken a new position over a quarter of a mile distant,

