
an open field in front. The regiment charging upon this position, drove the enemy precipitately from the field and captured 2 pieces of artillery. Advancing into the ravine beyond, the regiment was halted by order of Colonel White, commanding brigade.

The loss of the regiment was 1 officer and 8 men killed and 3 officers and 19 men wounded.

The conduct of the officers and men of the regiment merits the highest praise; it is sufficient to say that all did their whole duty. To Major Cadot, I am much indebted for his valuable assistance and gallant conduct on the field.

The temporary loss of Colonel Turley, who fell in the hottest of the fight while gallantly leading his regiment, is severely felt by the whole command, and it is to be hoped that this brave and accomplished officer will soon be able to resume his duties in the field.

During the 18th, the regiment being held in reserve, had 2 men wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. COATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. B. NESBITT,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Second Div., Dept. of W. Va.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Isaac H. Duval, Ninth West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.
HDQRS. NINTH Regiment WEST VIRGINIA, VOL. INFTY.,Camp Piatt, W. Va., June 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagements near Lynchburg, Va., on the 17th and 18th days of June, 1864:

My position in line on the 17th instant was the left of the second line of battle, my left resting on the main road immediately in rear of and supporting the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The line being formed the brigade was ordered forward. Our first line soon met Colonel Oley's brigade of dismounted cavalry, which was giving way before the enemy. After the cavalry had passed to the rear of the brigade our first line engaged and checked the enemy. Our lines then advanced in gallant style, driving the enemy from his several positions and forcing him to abandon one piece of artillery. Darkness having set in and there being no support at hand the colonel commanding ordered a halt. The enemy having been routed, we went into camp for the night.

On the morning of the 18th I occupied the position assigned me in the brigade. Moved and maneuvered with it during the day without becoming engaged.

The officers and men of the regiment are deserving great praise for their coolness and gallantry during the engagements.

My casualties amount to only 15 enlisted men wounded.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

I. H. DUVAL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. B. NESBITT,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Second Div., Dept. of W. Va.

