
We remained in camp at Lexington until the morning of the 14th, when we left that place for Liberty, Bedford County, by way of Buchanan, and Peaks of Otter, occasionally encountering the enemy's skirmishers.

We arrived at Liberty at 9 a.m. on the 16th and immediately proceeded to destroy the shops and tear up the track of the Virginia and East Tennessee Railroad as far as the South Fork of Otter River, about eight miles east from Liberty.

On the 17th we left the South Fork of Otter River and marched in the direction of Lynchburg and arrived within four miles of that place at 5.30 p.m., where we encountered the enemy in force. My brigade was soon ordered to the front and formed in line of battle on the left of, and at right angle with, the turnpike. After forming we advanced upon the enemy, driving them into their intrenchments, distant about one mile and a half from where we first encountered their line. Darkness having overtaken us, we ceased to press the enemy farther and merely maintained the position we had gained. We were relieved about 9 p.m. by the First Brigade, of the First Division, and fell back about 400 yards, where we remained for the night.

On the morning of the 18th we were ordered to move to the right for the purpose of flanking the enemy's position, but this being found impracticable we were ordered to return to the front. Before we were able properly to form in line of battle the division in our front, which was then engaged with the enemy, was somewhat broken and retiring in some confusion, the enemy advancing against it. In accordance with the general's instructions, we advanced as quickly as possible for the purpose of checking the enemy before they should gain the crest of the hill, which would enable them to get a clear view of our position. In doing so we were for some time exposed to the enemy's batteries, which were well served with grape and canister. We succeeded, however, in driving the enemy down the hill and across a deep ravine, and from there to their intrenchments on the elevated ground beyond, at the same time gaining a position for ourselves comparatively sheltered from the enemy. My line having become somewhat broken by passing through the thick underbrush and in crossing a deep ditch at the bottom of the ravine, I halted my command. I reformed it and again advanced upon the enemy, pressing close upon their works, but were met with such a storm of grape and canister that we were compelled to fall back to the spot where I had reformed my command.

We remained in this position, keeping the enemy in their intrenchments, with occasional firing between sharpshooters and skirmishers, until 8.30 p.m., when we were ordered to withdraw, which was done in good order, and we took up our line of march for Liberty, by was of New London, which latter place we passed through at daybreak of New London, which latter place we passed through at daybreak on the morning of the 19th. Continuing our march, we arrived at Liberty at 6 p.m., were we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 20th we left Liberty, taking the road to Salem, by way of Buford's Gap and Coyner's Springs. At Buford's Gap we halted for a few hours, during which time we had considerable skirmishing with the enemy. Leaving the gap at 8 p.m., we arrived at Salem on the morning of the 21st. Here we had some skirmishing with the enemy, but met with no serious resistance. After a few hours' halt, we left Salem about 11 a.m. and arrived at

