
June 2, marched to near Callaghan's Station, Alleghany County.

June 3, marched across Jackson River to near Hot Springs, Bath County.

June 4, marched over Warm Springs Mountain to camp near Bath Alum Springs.

June 5, passed through Panther Gap, where the enemy were posted in some force. A flank movement caused the place to be evacuated, with slight skirmishing, when we moved to Goshen Station, Virginia Central Railroad, and camped.

June 6, our forces were engaged in destroying the Virginia Central Railroad from Millsborough to Craigsville and Pond Gap, which gap was passed June 7, into the Shenandoah Valley, and camped near Middlebrook, within five miles of Waynesborough and eight miles of Staunton.

June 8, marched to Staunton, where we met the divisions of Generals Sullivan and Stahel, under General Hunter. The Eleventh Regiment was ordered to deploy to the right of the road, and throwing forward a line of skirmishers, marched on the right of the road, skirmishing the entire distance to Middlebrook, when we were relieved, and marched in column to Brownsburg, Rockbridge County.

June 11, left camp at 5 a.m. and marched to within one mile of Lexington, where we engaged the enemy, who, after some resistance, evacuated the place, when our forces took possession.

Sunday, June 12, the Military Institute, professors' buildings, and Governor Letcher's house were burned.

June 14, marched from Lexington to Buchanan, twenty-four miles, which place we found occupied by General Averell's division. The bridge across James River had been destroyed by McCausland in his retreat. A large portion of the village was destroyed by taking fire from the burning bridge, and would probably all have been destroyed but for the efforts of our soldiers in subduing the flames.

June 15, marched by the Peaks of Otter to Fancy Farm, Bedford County, and camped near Liberty, Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

June 16, marched through Liberty, filed along the railroad, completely destroying it, by burning ties and bridges and bending rails, to Big Otter Creek, where we encamped.

June 17, marched to within three miles of Lynchburg, where we engaged the enemy, driving him from his position, and at dark held our advanced position near the principal works of the enemy. Companies B and G of my regiment were thrown forward as skirmishers and advanced past a battery of rebel artillery, the enemy retreating. Finding that our main column had halted, our skirmishers retired with a loss of 3 wounded and 2 missing. Our regiment and brigade held the advance line for an hour, when we were relieved by a brigade of the First Infantry Division; fell back a few rods and slept on our arms until morning.

June 18, marched three miles to the right, and in the afternoon were ordered again to the front of the enemy's works and were afterward formed in line on our left under a heavy fire of artillery. Our brigade charged the enemy and drove him to his rifle-pits. Here the

