
right giving way, and our brigade being exposed to a cross-fire of musketry, grape, and canister, we were obliged to retire about thirty paces to a new line of battle, which was held until orders were received to fall back. Marched all that night and reached Liberty about 3 p.m. of the 19th.

Our losses in the second day's engagement were Lieutenant James Barr, Company D, and 5 enlisted men killed, 16 wounded, and 10 missing. At Liberty our forces were formed in order of battle, with cavalry fighting in the rear.

Moved at 2 a.m. on the 20th and marched night and day, the men suffering severely from heat, hunger, and fatigue, but bearing all without complaint, through Salem, New Castle, Sweet Springs, White Sulphur Springs, Lewisburg, Meadow Bluff, Gayley Bridge, to this place, where we arrived on the 29th ultimo, having marched a distance of 412 miles, in the heart of the enemy's country, over roads rendered dusty by three weeks of drought, without rations much of the time, and with an enemy constantly in our front and rear.

The endurance of the men is wonderful, and the spirit of devotion to their cause, which enabled them to bear all the hardships they have seen, is worthy of favorable comment.

Herewith please find a list of casualties* of my command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FROST,

Colonel Eleventh West Virginia Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. W. KIRBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Morris, Fifteenth West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH WEST VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Piatt, W. Va., July 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command during the late expedition, from June 1 until the 29th:

On the 1st of June left Bunger's Mills, Greenbrier County, W. Va., and arrived at Staunton, Augusta County, Va.; on the 8th, had considerable skirmishing with the enemy, but met with no loss, marching a distance of 105 miles.

On the 10th left Staunton and proceeded to Lexington, via Middlebrook, where we skirmished with the enemy, lost 1 man killed and 1 severely wounded. Distance from Staunton thirty-six miles.

Left Lexington on the morning of the 14th and arrived at Liberty, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, on the morning of the 16th a distance of forty-five miles. Occupied the day in destroying the railroad for a distance of eight miles.

On the morning of the 17th moved in direction of Lynchburg, a distance of sixteen miles, engaged the enemy, my regiment forming the right of the Third Brigade, Second Infantry Division; had 1 commissioned officer slightly wounded and 1 private severely wounded.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 104.

---------------

