
On the 18th, after some maneuvering, engaged the enemy about 1 p.m., and after a severe engagement was withdrawn from the field with a loss of 5 killed and 63 wounded.

Commenced retreating on the evening of the 18th and arrived at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, W. Va., on the evening of the 26th, a distance of 148 miles.

Same evening left and arrived at this camp on the evening of the 29th, a distance of ninety miles. Whole distance marched 448 miles. Loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 70.

The men are much wearied and exhausted, not one-half of my command being able for effective duty at the present time.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

THOMAS MORRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. W. KIRBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Captain Daniel W. Glassie, First Kentucky Battery.
HDQRS. FIRST INDEPENDENT KENTUCKY BATTERY,Camp Piatt, W. Va., July 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the marching done and part taken by the First Independent Kentucky Battery under my (Captain D. W. Glassie) command during the month of June, 1864, on the raid to Lynchburg and return:

Agreeable to instructions from division headquarters received on the 30th day of May "to move at 7 a.m. the next morning," after mustering out forty-nine men the command moved with men enough to drive the teams, arriving at Bunger's Mills that day, where I was joined by nine men detailed by the surgeon of the Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Infantry from men who were unable to march. Moving from thence through Lewisburg to White Sulphur Springs, thence to Callaghan's Station, where I was again joined by twenty-seven infantrymen unused to artillery service or the use of horses, and again the next morning after starting was joined by thirty-two more men from third and Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps, making a total of 155. From thence we moved through Hot and Warm Springs across the Alleghany to Middlebrook, thence to Staunton, arriving on the 8th instant without firing a shot. Here we lay by for two days for rest, and again on the 10th instant received an order to march, as also to report one section of guns to General Averell. (I sent the third section under Lieutenant Hattersley, a trustworthy officer.) Moving out the Lexington pike for Lexington, Va., after about ten miles from Staunton one section was ordered to the front, and marched in rear of the advance guard all day, arriving at Lexington, Va., a little town on the North Branch of the James River, at 10 o'clock on the 11th instant, where the enemy had artillery in position which they opened on our column. About 12 m. my (First Kentucky) battery was ordered to take a position on the right of the road to cover the crossing of the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel White. Here we fired a few rounds and crossed the river at

