
what is known as the lower ford and camped in Lexington, Va.; there we remained two days resting the men and recruiting the stock.

Moved again on the 14th instant on the Buchanan pike, arriving at and camping in Buchanan the same evening.

On the 15th crossed the Blue Ridge at Otter Mountain Pass, camping at Fancy Farm, distance sixteen miles; thence through Liberty, Va., crossing the railroad to Welsh's farm; thence to Lynchburg, Va., arriving on the battle-field at 3 p.m. on the 17th instant. Here the section under Lieutenant Hattersley reported from General Averell with empty ammunition chests, having had several skirmishes. As our lines advanced toward Lynchburg, Va., the enemy opened his batteries. Four of my guns were then thrown forward on the left of the artillery line. At the same time the left section, under Lieutenant Hattersley, was thrown forward about 600 yards, forming the new artillery line of fire. My remaining four guns were brought forward on the new line, were I received an order from Captain McMullin to send one section still farther to the front. Mistaking the order, I moved my whole battery forward into and on the pike until I was obliged to open on the enemy's infantry to save my men, throwing two guns forward in an orchard to the right of the road and in advance of the works abandoned by the enemy, placing the other four guns in position to the left and rear about fifty yards, opening the six guns, two with canister and four with shell. Two men temporarily disabled, 1 horse killed and 2 wounded, 1 seriously; darkness compelled us to cease firing. I then moved my four guns forward into park and camped for the night; no grain or feed for the horses for two days.

On the 18th instant, at 3 a.m., I was ready to move, but seeing the enemy in position ordered my caissons to the rear under cover, the same time calling the attention of Captain McMullin, chief of artillery, to the fact, and asked for orders. He ordered me to remain till he could see the general, in the mean time moving the First Ohio Battery, which had parked on my right. Deeming the position a poor one, I limbered to the rear, and moved back about twenty yards. As soon as I had taken my new position the enemy opened on my battery with his artillery. As soon as possible we returned the fire, and succeeded in silencing their battery. I was then ordered to retire, and again to report to Captain Du Pont, chief of artillery, who placed me in position to cover the center and operate with a flank movement on the enemy's left. Again changing my position he ordered me to the extreme left of the line to draw the fire from Captain Snow's (First Maryland) battery, supported by the Eighteenth Connecticut Infantry. I moved under cover of a hill about 500 yards to the left of the position occupied by Captain Snow, in a plowed field, were my guns were well covered until I was ready to open. Moving up in line through an orchard, I ran my guns up by hand and opened directly on the enemy's flank, surprising and driving them from their guns. Again I was ordered back to the center, where I fired a few shots; from thence to the right, taking position on the right of Battery B, Fifth United States, where we remained until dark. During the engagement, and while on the right 3 wheels disabled and 1 trail hand-spike shot away; 1 horse killed, and 5 wounded during the day.

Marched all night, and camped for breakfast. Continued the march through Liberty, Va., where we halted and remained for the

