
night in harness. Lost during the night 5 wounded horses, 3 sets of artillery harness, the horses having been abandoned, and no means of transportation.

On the evening of the 19th one section of guns ordered to report to General Duffie, the other four guns lying in column in the road till 3 a.m. Marched all day and night, halted for a rest at Buford's Gap, lay in position, fired a few shots, broke camp, marched out at dark, marched all night, arriving at Salem, Va., for breakfast, thence through to Greenbrier, via New Castle and Sweet Springs; rested one day at Sweet Springs. From Greenbrier, via Lewisburg, Meadow Bluff, Sewell Mountain, Gauley Bridge, to Camp Piatt, W. Va., arriving June 30, 1864.

My men behaved nobly, both on the battle-field and on the march, exerting themselves to the utmost to keep the stock on their feet, working many hours in the night when others were resting, grazing and grooming their horses. The men of the Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps have behaved themselves like veteran artillerists.

My losses are as follows: John Smith, run over, wounded in the head and hand; William Overbeck, slightly in abdomen; Lieutenant R. C. Steen, slightly; 2 horses killed and 7 wounded; 5 wheels disabled, and 1 shot to pieces; 1 trail hand-spike and ring shot away, and 1 axle split; 3 sets of artillery harness, 2 sets of transportation harness, and 9 wounded horses, 2 of whim were wounded at Salem, Va., abandoned on road; 16 horses worn out and abandoned.

Ammunition expended on the round trip, 700 rounds.

Hoping the above will prove satisfactory, I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. W. GLASSIE,

Captain, Commanding Glassie's (First Independent Kentucky) Batty.

Captain JAMES L. BOTSFORD,

A. A. G., Army of the Kanawha, Charleston, W. Va.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant George P. Kirtland, First Ohio Battery.
HDQRS. FIRST INDEPENDENT OHIO BATTERY,Camp Piatt, W. Va., July 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the recent raid:

In obedience to orders left camp Mill Creek on the morning of the 1st June, and by easy stages reached Staunton on the 8th.

At 11 a.m. on the 11th instant was ordered in position to engage the enemy's battery that was posted on the south side of North River at Lexington, and after being engaged three hours succeeded in driving them from their position. Our loss in this engagement was 1 man killed, Private George W. Tank.

On the evening of the 17th, in obedience to orders, took a position and engaged the enemy near Lynchburg, fought till dark, advanced our line one mile, and encamped for the night.

At 11 a.m. on the morning of the 18th became hotly engaged with the enemy's guns, posted in strong earth-works. This engagement lasted forty-five minutes, and the fire very severe. Casualties, 4 slightly wounded.

