
On the morning of the 21st one piece in position on a hill, under command of Lieutenant C. H. Fee, one and one-half miles east of Salem, to check a heavy line of the enemy's skirmishers that were advancing on our right flank; remained in position thirty minutes, using canister until the battery had passed and overtaken support.

I have the honor to report a loss of 6 artillery wheels, 14 horses, and 1 set of lead harness.

By order of Captain James R. McMullin, acting chief of artillery, 528 rounds of ammunition (fixed) and 12 tarpaulins were destroyed at Meadow Bluff on the 26th instant.

Twenty-six artillery horses have been transferred to the post acting quartermaster at Charleston as unserviceable since reaching this place.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. KIRTLAND,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain JAMES L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Brigadier General Alfred N. Duffie, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,July 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division from the 10th day of June, 1864, up to the present time:

Pursuant to paragraph 20, Special Orders, Numbers 112, headquarters Department of West Virginia, dated June 9, 1864, I took command of the First Cavalry Division, at Staunton, Va., June 9, 1864, relieving Major General Julius Stahel. In accordance with orders from department headquarters of same date as above, I moved my division at 3 a.m. of June 10, 1864, on the Waynesborough pike toward Tye River Gap. I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Root, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, with two squadrons of that regiment to make a demonstration against Waynesborough. He found their pickets six miles from the town, attacked and drove them into the place, where he found the enemy in force; drew the fire of their artillery, and aroused their whole camp. From prisoners subsequently captured, I ascertained that the whole rebel force at Waynesborough lay in line of battle for four hours, expecting a general attack from our army. Lieutenant-Colonel Root and his command manifested great gallantry in the execution of this movement. His losses were 1 killed and 1 missing. While Colonel Root was making the demonstration upon Waynesborough, I moved my command by a road to the right of the town, toward the Tye River Gap. My advance at about noon encountered the rear guard of Jackson's command had just passed on the way to join Imboden at Waynesborough. Marching twenty-five miles this day, I encamped near the mountain in which

