
with two squadrons of the Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of Wynkoop's brigade, who charged the enemy, driving them back in confusion and capturing some 40 prisoners, among whom were 10 commissioned officers. Having driven the enemy beyond Piney River, and within three miles of Amherst Court-House, I moved up Piney River. From prisoners captured I ascertained that Imboden was near that place with his command, having moved from Rockfish Gap during the preceding night, on his way to Lynchburg. I proceeded up Piney River, thence via Buffalo Springs to White's Gap, which I occupied that night. When a few miles beyond Buffalo Springs I sent forward a squadron of cavalry to capture a train of refugee wagons. They succeeded in capturing a few wagons, but the horses had been cut loose from the wagons and the harness destroyed. The wagons were loaded with stores of provisions and forage, which was secured for my command. I occupied the gap at midnight, having marched thirty-five miles that day.

On the 13th I proceeded to Lexington, a distance of fifteen miles. The road over the mountain and through White's Gap is steep, rocky, and very difficult for artillery or a train. It was with great labor that I succeeded in taking my train through. Some seven miles from Lexington, near White's Gap, I destroyed about 2,000 cords of wood, which had been cut for manufacture into charcoal.

I also burned an extensive furnace for the manufacture of pig-iron.

On the 14th I moved my division, according to orders from department headquarters, in rear of the whole army and train at 6 a.m.

During the 15th and 16th I marched in rear of the train. The march was very laborious. No opportunity was offered to obtain supplies from the country, and my command suffered greatly for want of forage. Very little opportunity for rest occurred, as our march for the most part was made during the night.

On the 17th of June, in accordance with orders from General Hunter, delivered to me by Brigadier-General Crook, I moved my command from the pike, by the road to the left, to the Forestville road. Proceeding a short distance on this road, I met the enemy at 1.30 p.m., strongly posted in the woods. The road was narrow, and the woods so dense as to forbid the use of cavalry. The engagement of my division lasted about two hours, during which we drove the enemy a short distance. Mean time the infantry immediately on my right became engaged, and the firing was heavy along the whole line. The enemy fell back slowly. I followed with my command, halting for the night at Clay's Mills, about five miles from Lynchburg. I have not ascertained the exact loss of the division in the engagement of this day. My division lay at Clay's Mills in line of battle during this night.

On the morning of the 18th I moved my command slowly forward on the Forestville road, skirmishing with the enemy. I had sent several messengers during the night of the 17th to communicate with the major-general commanding, but had failed to receive any orders as to what I should do. At 9 a.m. I encountered the enemy at a bridge crossing the railroad some four miles from Lynchburg, and after a brisk encounter succeeded in dislodging them and driving them back. They partially destroyed the bridge before we drove them back. At 10.30 a.m. I received a communication from Brigadier-General Averell, stating that it was the desire of the commanding general that I should immediately move forward my division

