
On the morning of the 23rd I was ordered to proceed, via New Castle, in rear of the train and in rear of the rest of the army. From that time up to the arrival of my division at Loup Creek it has marched in the rear. No opportunity has been offered to obtain forage or subsistence for the men, everything having been taken by the troops marching in my front. As a consequence many of the men of my command have perished by the roadside from hunger and fatigue, whilst their horses fell by the way from the same cause. I would also respectfully call attention to the fact that my marching has been done principally during the night-time, thus affording very little opportunity for rest or sleep.

I neglected to mention above that whilst passing through White's Gap, on my way to Lexington, I sent out one squadron to Irish Gap, which succeeded in capturing a large train loaded with supplies which was being escorted by a small rebel force. The train was burned and a few prisoners taken.

I would sum up as the operations of my division, in addition to the fights and skirmishes, the capture of 3 wagon trains and the destruction of property of immense value, with which they were loaded; the burning of 2 iron and 1 woolen factory; the capture of some 400 horses; the destruction of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad for four miles; the tearing up of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad for ten miles, together with the destruction of 17 railroad bridges; the capture of about 100 prisoners, including 17 commissioned officers. My division marched about 425 miles and subsisted off the country.

The following is a summary of the killed, wounded, and missing in the several engagements of my command:

First Brigade, Colonel R. F. Taylor commanding: Killed, enlisted men,5; wounded, commissioned officers, 3; enlisted men, 18; missing, enlisted men, 29.*

Second Brigade, Colonel John E. Wynkoop commanding: Killed, enlisted men,2; wounded, enlisted men, 12; missing, enlisted men, 65.*

Section Battery B, First Virginia Light Artillery (horse), Lieutenant Atkinson commanding: One enlisted man killed and 1 seriously wounded.

Of the commissioned officers captured, 5 were paroled by my orders on account of wounds. I forward herewith a list# of their names with rank, &amp;c.

I am pleased to testify to the gallantry, efficiency, and fortitude of the troops composing my command. During all the marches, privations, and fatigues, no murmurs have been heard. In every action the greatest bravery has been manifested. All this would show that the troops had the true spirit of the contest in which we are engaged. Where every one did his duty so well, it would be invidious to point out individuals. My thanks are especially due to my brigade commanders, Colonels Taylor and Wynkoop, and to all the members of my staff who were present, as follows: Captain A. H. Ricker, Second Regiment Virginia Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain E. W. Clark, jr., assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain R. E. Hedden, acting commissary of subsistence; Captain Frank E. Moores, Eighth Regiment Ohio Cavalry, division provost-mar-

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 105.

#Not found.

---------------

