
shal; Captain S. J. Steves, Fifteenth Regiment New York Cavalry, division ordnance officer; First Lieutenant Benjamin J. Ricker, jr., Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry, aide-de-camp; Surg. J. H. Ayers, Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry, division medical director. Lieutenant Atkinson, First Virginia Light Artillery, commanding section of Battery B, deserves mention for bravery and efficiency. I would also add Lieutenant Thomas H. Wellsted, aide-de-camp to General Stahel, who served voluntarily upon my staff during the entire expedition, rendering efficient service.

A full list of the killed, wounded, and missing of this division will be forwarded as soon as practicable.

Respectfully, yours,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Commanding First Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 22. Report of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Charleston W. Va., July 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry under my command since the 1st ultimo:

On the 1st of June my division, consisting of the brigades of Brigadier-General Duffie, Colonel Schoonmaker, and Colonel J. H. Oley, was encamped at Bunger's Mills, Greenbrier County, waiting for supplies from Charleston of horses, shoes, clothing, &amp;c. Crook's division crossed the river on that day, leaving me to bring up my detachments and supplies, which did not arrive.

On the 2nd Mr. David Creigh, a citizen of Lewisburg, was tried by a military commission and found guilty of murdering a Union soldier in November last. The proceedings were subsequently approved and Mr. Creigh was hanged at Belleview on Friday, the 10th of June.

The detachments and supplies for which we had so long waited failing to arrive, I followed Crook's division on the 3rd to White Sulphur Springs with 3,200 mounted and 1,200 dismounted men; 600 men were without shoes, and many other articles of clothing were much needed.

From the 18th of May until this day we had waited near Lewisburg upon half rations, most of the time for necessary supplies of horse-shoes, nails, and clothing; but owing to the miserable, inadequate, and insufficient transportation furnished from the Kanawha we were obliged to set out again almost as destitute as when we arrived. The march from Sulphur Springs to Staunton was made in five days via Morris' Hill, Warm Springs, Goshen and Middlebrook. My barefooted men suffered terribly, but without complaint on this march. At Staunton the much needed supplies were received.

On the 9th Brigadier-General Duffie was placed in command of the First Cavalry Division and my own was reorganized as follows,

10 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

