
I beg leave to commend for enterprise and activity, for an intelligent and faithful execution of orders, Lieutenant Grim, First West Virginia Cavalry, and Lieutenant Kerr, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Captain Winger, Eighth Ohio Cavalry, elicited the admiration and encomiums of his comrades by his daring gallantry in the attack in front of Lynchburg. Colonels Schoonmaker, and Moore in front of Liberty behaved with great credit. Colonel Powell proved himself at all times a capable brigade commander.

WM. W. AVERELL.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 23. Reports of Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, of engagement at Piedmont.

JUNE 6, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Mr. SECRETARY: The rumor you hear is to painfully true, as you will perceive from the inclosed dispatches sent to me this morning, a little after midnight, by the President. There is no force to send, except from General Lee, and as the position is in his command, all was left to his better judgment, especially as he has directed all the movements of Breckinridge, Jones, and Imboden, down to this time. I offered him my services to facilitate the movements he might desire.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Inclosure.*]

STAUNTON, June 5, 1864.

Fought the enemy to-day eleven miles from Staunton. Near New Hope now. Have been driven back. I will try to protect Staunton, but unless re-enforcements come at once I cannot do it. May have to fall back by way of Waynesborough. General E. W. Jones killed.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS,Fishersville, June 5, 1864-10 p.m.

(Via Waynesborough.)

I have retired to this point. Artillery and wagon trains safe. My command is much scattered. The enemy is pursuing. I fear I will be forced to leave the Valley. Staunton cannot be held. Crook is

---------------

*See also E. G. Lee to R. E. Lee, p. 151.

---------------

