
him to join the major-general commanding with all his force, and directing him to order similar force likewise-McNeill and Mosby, I suppose. If the intention of yours of the 13th to me was to supersede that of the 12th to Gilmor, I would respectfully call attention to the fact that there is now only McNeill's sixty men between me and the Potomac, and he will, under Major Gilmor's order, be removed. If consistent with the exigencies of the case, would it not be well to permit Gilmor and Mcneill to remain below? If both, or either, are kept there, I ask that they be instructed to keep me advised of the enemy's movements, and especially of all that threatens this point. I will have the telegraph ready for work to-morrow.

There are 200 wounded Yankees here at the hospital and forty nurses. I had no guard when I got here and did not know when the enemy might get back; so I went to work and paroled the whole of them. I sent a copy of the parole. It is the same that they gave our hospital men, except the clause regarding escape, which I added because I had no guard, and because I did not know whether the paroles were binding anyhow. Is the parole they gave our men binding now? Is mine binding to them unless we keep the men and deliver them at a point of exchange? Is there not some special agreement between the two Governments about hospital paroles? Cannot these fellows be returned to their own lines as fast as convalescent by mutual consent of Generals Breckinridge and Hunter, instead of sending them to Richmond? I have not yet deliver to the surgeon in charge of them a copy of the parole or the list.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

STAUNTON, VA., June 12, 1864.

We, the undersigned, do solemnly swear that we will not bear arms against the Government of the Confederate States, or in any way aid or assist the enemies of the Confederate States, or attempt to escape from the custody of the same, until regularly exchanged as prisoners of war.
HEADQUARTERS,Staunton, Va., 17, 1864.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your telegram of the 3rd instant, I took command of this post on the 4th. A few hours after doing so I heard that the enemy were moving on General Jones' flank, toward Port Republic, and fearing a cavalry dash, took the responsibility of getting the heavy stores and official papers here in readiness for moving. I received no orders and no information leading me to think the place in danger until Sunday afternoon, June 5, at 5 p. m., when a note addressed to a gentleman here was handed me. It stated that General Jones was killed, and the "army broken and routed," and general Vaughn retreating toward Fishersville. I immediately strained every nerve to get all stores and supplies away, but time was so limited, and for lack of any warning whatever the

