
night off before I could get a guard. I have only a provost guard now. I have not yet given a copy of the parole to the surgeon, and I shall not do so until I hear from Judge Ould, to whom I have written for instructions.

I obeyed that part of your order in reference to organizing a local force, and doing all in my power to aid in the defense of the valley. Before it was received over 700 reserve, and 800 others, convalescents, detailed men, furloughed soldier, &amp;c., had been collected and sent to the field, where they still are.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

[Inclosure.]

memorandum of property abandoned upon evacuation of post at Staunton, Va., on 6th June, 1864.

Commissary stores: Twenty barrels four (mostly broken), 10 barrels corn meal (mostly broken), 600 sacks salt, 2 hogsheads sugar (1 of these saved by a citizen), 5,000 empty sacks (in bad order), 5 bales cotton cloth (to be exchanged for supplies), 8 bales cotton yarn (to be exchanged for supplies), and tables, desks, safe, &c.

Ordnance stores: 1,000 damaged small-arms, 150 pairs spurs and straps (common), 200 pounds horseshoes, 20 condemned saddles, 150 new saddles of Richmond Arsenal, one 12-pounder Napoleon, dismounted, which had been captured from the enemy; 2 howitzers, iron (32-pounders), of which they only broke the trunnions; 1 howitzer, iron (12-pounder), in same condition.

Quartermaster's stores: 1,000 wooden buckets, 8 or 10 boxes deceased soldiers' clothing, 2 or 3 boxes new clothing, 40 or 50 good wagons, large number of picks and shovels, small lot of harness (not much value), and sundry other things of no great value or importance, together with office furniture.

In addition to the foregoing, there was a considerable quantity of provisions belonging to or intended for the Ordnance department in Richmond. The agent in charge of them estimates their value at $400,000.

This report is only approximate, the loss of official papers by capture preventing an accurate one. All these stores were destroyed by the enemy, save what were given to citizens during a brief period of the morning of the 6th instant.

E. G. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Numbers 25. Report of Brigadier General John McCausland, C. S. Army, of operations June 11-15.

NEAR NATURAL BRIDGE, June 13, 1864.

(Via Liberty.)

The enemy drove my cavalry brigade from Lexington on the 11th. They now occupy the town. Scouts report the force to be Hunter's

