
Crook's, and Averell's. They have destroyed the Military Institute. I have driven their cavalry back several times. They are now advancing on the Buchanan road.

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector general.

SIX MILES FROM LIBERTY,

June 15, 1864-6 p. m.

The enemy now occupy Liberty; the depot is burning. A brigade of cavalry, nine regiments of infantry, and twelve pieces of artillery are now near the town. A large camp can also be seen on the Peaks of Otter road, supposed to be Hunter's force. They have 15,000 in all.

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Brigadier-General.

General F. T. NICHOLLS.

Numbers 26. Reports of Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, of operations June 11-17.

MOUNT TORRY FURNACE,

June 11, 1864-8 a. m.

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry (one brigade, 2,000 strong, and a battery) burnt this furnace last night, and camped in the gorge above. Attack, except upon his rear guard, was impossible. He is now moving over an almost impracticable road from this furnace to the head of Back Creek, and thence to the head of Tye River. He is making for the railroad between Lynchburg and Charlottesville. I am cutting out the blockade at Howardsville Gap, and will be across the mountain by 3 p. m. I have sent messengers to the people on Rockfish and Tye Rivers to blockade all the roads in front of the enemy to-night, and inform me on what road he moves. If McCausland fell back to Tye River Gap last night, he too, will get in front of this detachment. I have made this important move without waiting to hear from you, as time is very precious, and, understanding your views as expressed yesterday, have no doubt it is the proper movement. Your communications with Lynchburg depend upon my success in "heading off" this force. My men are in fine spirits, and move with a will. You can send a courier to me to-night via greenfield, in nelson, where he will get information of my route. The enemy will be much jaded by climbing over the mountain to-day. We had a skirmish with his rear, and captured several yankees and negroes this morning. Colonel O'Ferrall is still harassing him.

In haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.

