
NEAR NEW GLASGOW,

June 12, 1864-6.30 p. m.

GENERAL: It has not been possible for me to inflict any damage upon the enemy. I marched and worked all day yesterday, and all night last night to get within striking distance this morning. A continuous march of 40 miles, on a little grass, has thoroughly used up my artillery horses. the enemy was ahead of me, and it has been utterly impracticable for me get around him. His force is so much superior to mine that he divides and holds positions where he chooses. I am effectually cut off from the gaps west of me. The enemy reached lexington, and whipped McCausland yesterday, and he is retreating on Lynchburg. So say citizens. My couriers to him have never returned. Lynchburg, I fear, will fall to-morrow. The enemy now holds Amherst Court-House, and I am off from Lynchburg, except by the south side. Supposing it probable that you will need either the bridge at Hardwicksville or bent Creek, I will seize them early to-morrow, fortify and hold them with a small force, and will throw the bulk of my force into Lynchburg to assist in its defense till you come to its relief. If you abandon pursuit, and seek to gain Hunter's front, the best and I think only safe route is from Fairfield to New Market, and thence across the James by one the bridges I have named. About half the Thirty-sixth Battalion was lost to-day in a fight at Rose Mills.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.

LYNCHBURG, June 14, 1864-8.38 a. m.

I am here with 2,000 cavalry. Enemy's main column, about 15,000 strong. General Duffie, with 4,000 men, is in Amherst. I am arranging to attack him to-day. McCausland is retreating this way from Buchanan. Breckinridge was moving up the Valley toward Lexington day before yesterday. Not heard from him since. A marauding party, not over 300, forded James River eight miles below here last night, and burnt Concord depot, on South Side Railroad, and went on to Campbell Court-House. I have sent detachment in pursuit. I am apprehensive they are making for Staunton River bridge, on Danville railroad. If not overtaken or bridge guarded, it may be destroyed to-night. General Nicholls has, all told, not over 1,300 effective men.

J. D. IMBODEN.

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

LYNCHBURG, June 14, 1864-9 a. m.

GENERAL: The enemy drove McCausland out of Buchanan yesterday. His main column reached that point last evening, under Hunter, Averell, and Crook. I have got between Duffie and Lynchburg, and expect to attack him to-day. A party of 300 marauders passed through farms last night, forded the river eight miles below

