
fast. As far as I can ascertain about 200 have given out and been sent to the rear. I have directed all whose horses break down to repair to Lynchburg, where the men can be made available. Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Edmundson and Lieutenant-Colonel Beall commanded the detachments sent to Campbell. I will make the inquiry your order at the earliest moment, and carry out your directions. The horses of McClanahan's battery left to rest at Lynchburg are, I suppose, recuperated. I should like to have that battery sent forward to me, and let me return to Lynchburg Major Leyden's, whose horses are breading down. I will move forward-via Trinty Church and Forest Depot this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Lynchburg, Va.

IN THE FIELD,

New York, June 16, 1864-sunset.

GENERAL: Your orders of this date, directing me to picket strongly all the roads from enemy's present locality to fords and ferries above Lynchburg, have just been received. These orders require the picketing of all the roads leading to the north or northwest from this place to the Peaks of Otter, and there are a great many of them, as my observation in coming here proved to me. The enemy occupies the road from this place to Liberty-perhaps beyond. General McCausland fell back here this afternoon from Otter after burning the bridge. The enemy followed him, and we have been skirmishing for over an hour with his cavalry. General McCausland informs me that the advance brigade of cavalry is immediately followed by about 7,000 infantry, and that it has been impossible for him to engage the cavalry, as they merely skirmish in front till the infantry can be deployed. Averell is marching in rear of the entire column, and is probably this evening about Liberty. My opinion is that he designs just such a raid as you anticipate.

Above Lynchburg the James is fordable at several places. I forded it at Bethel last night. To all these fords there are country roads leading. I, therefore, respectfully suggest that instead of attempting the almost impossible task of putting pickets on all these by-roads, from which they will be driven to-morrow, the same thing can be accomplished by my sending to-night up the tow-path 100 men to each fort and ferry, to cross to the north side and fortify their positions and defend the fords. This will cover all the roads better than the attempt to picket so far in the open country, where every farm has its road. I will make the details for this at once, and as my horses must graze a few hours, I will not start them off till I hear from you in reply. If you deem the road picketing better than ford guards I will endeavor to cover all the roads to-night.

All was quiet up to 4 p. m. on the Forest road six miles above the depot.

Since I commenced writing this the enemy has retired from my front, and I presume will encamp within a mile and a half of me. My position is not good for a fight, as the hills for his artillery com-

