
mand mine. I have but four rifles and three small howitzers. The courier returning to-night will find me on the roadside, where my horses will be grazing.

I have ventured, general, to suggest this modification of your order simply because of my personal knowledge of the localities acquired in the last three days' marching and countermarching, and I hope you will pardon the presumption.

I order Major Lady up to-day.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Lynchburg.

P. S.-Enemy's batteries have just opened upon my position pretty lively.

JUNE 16, 1864-11.45 p. m.

GENERAL: After writing you this evening the enemy renewed his attack upon me. General McCausland, occupying left, just after dark reported the massing of a heavy force in his front to charge his position. A few moments later it was discovered that a double line of infantry was formed in front of and overlapping my right. Finding our position very critical and involving the almost certain loss of all our horses (the men being on foot and the horses tied) if the enemy succeeded in either driving our lines back or turning a flank, I quietly withdrew and have encamped at the first creek this side of New London, on the pike, where we shall have a fight early to-morrow. You may expect the whole Yankee army up to-morrow. I can probably delay its march so far as to prevent an attack on you till next day. General McCausland will go to see you to-night and give you full and accurate information. Hunter and staff staid last night at the hotel near the Peaks of Otter. I do not know whether he was to the front this evening. Crook's division is in the advance. I am perfectly satisfied that the force now within a day's march of Lynchburg is over 15,000 men, with forty-two pieces of artillery, some of them, I learn, heavy guns. So far as I can ascertain the whole column is moving on this road.

My apology for not reporting earlier in the day is that I under-stood General McCausland had reported to General Nicholls early this morning the information he had. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, Lynchburg.

JUNE 17, 1864-2.45 p. m.

GENERAL: On receiving Lieutenant Murphy's report I sent McCausland's brigade and a section of artillery to the Forest road to oppose enemy's advance, intending to support him if necessary. General McCausland has just sent me word that no enemy has been

