
morning and marched his column back through Centreville about 10.30 a. m. Half an hour previously Lieutenant Tuck with his forty men had passed through Centreville going toward Little River pike, and had stopped about one and a half miles north in a field of newly cut hay, to feed. Citizens report that the horses were unbitted, some of the men in cherry trees on the other side of the road, some asleep; there was one man on picket sitting on the fence, but in a very poorly chosen position. Mosby, learning about Mr. Tuck in Centreville, sent part of his men rapidly on, who dashed into the field, shooting the man on post and making such a panic that no resistance was attempted. It is said that a couple of men who had gone to a neighboring house for breakfast and saw Mosby's men going past did the only firing that was done on our part. Three wounded men (two dangerously) were brought in by Major Forbes and five men are reported to have returned to camp on foot. All the horses and the rest of the men and arms are believed to have been captured. Mosby lost no time, but went right across to the Little River pike and up toward Aldie. He was on the pike near the double toll-gate at noon. The strength of Mosby's column was estimated by Dr. Hart and Mr. Mellen (good Union men), both of whom saw it pass; and another citizen says Lieutenant Frank Fox told him as he passed they had about 200.

Major Nicholson with his 150 men returned with Major Forbes, and reached Centreville yesterday p. m. Got the impression that Mosby was from 400 to 900 strong and remained there, sending party to camp to report what he had learned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cav., Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 23-AUGUST 3, 1864.-Operations in the Shenandoah Valley, Maryland, and Pennsylvania.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

June 23-July 2, 1864.-Early's command advances from Lynchburg to Winchester, Va.

July 3, 1864.-Skirmish at Leetown, W. Va.

Skirmish at Darkesville, W. Va.

Skirmish at Martinsburg, W. Va.

Skirmish at North Mountain, W. Va.

Skirmish at North River Mills, W. Va.

Skirmish at Buckton, Va.

4, 1864.-Skirmish at South Branch Brigade, 			W. Va.

Skirmish at Patterson's Creek Brigade, 			W. Va.

4-7, 1864.-Operations about Harper's Ferry, 			W. Va.

5, 1864.-Call made upon New York and 					Pennsylvania for 24,000 militia.

Affair at Keedysville, Md.

Affair at Noland's Ferry, Md.

Skirmish at Point of Rocks, Md.

Affair at Solomon's Gap, Md.

