
and very strong position. The pursuit was continued to Dublin, where the brigade camped for the night. The crossing of the mountain and numerous deep ravines on the south side, which were covered with thick underbrush, made our progress slow and fatiguing to the troops.

I am much indebted to Lieutenant Colonel G. w. Taggart, Fourteenth Virginia Infantry, for the enemy with which he conducted the reconnaissance of the enemy's position and guided the command to the point of attack.

Colonel John A. Turley, commanding Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Colonel I. H. Duval, commanding Ninth Virginia Infantry; Colonel D. D. Johnson, commanding Fourteenth Virginia Infantry; and Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Hines, commanding Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, are deserving of notice for personal bravery and the efficient manner in which they handled their respective regiments.

The gallantry with which Colonel I. H. Duval, Ninth Virginia Infantry, carried the enemy's works on the right under a fire that killed and wounded more than one-third of this command, without an officer or man faltering, capturing 2 guns, 1 regimental flag, and many prisoners, presented one of the most gallant feats of the war. I respectfully recommended that his name be presented for promotion.

Captain L. M. Stephenson, commanding K and B companies, Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, deployed in rear of the line of battle to prevent skulkers from leaving their command, rendered good service.

My personal staff, Captain G. W. Hicks, acting assistant inspector-general, Lieutenant W. B. Nesbitt, acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant J. W. Overturf, aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Maurice Watkins, ordnance officer and provost-marshal, and Lieutenant A. F. Kendall, acting commissary of subsistence, were active and discharged their duty on the field with distinguished gallantry.

You are referred to the reports of the regimental commanders herewith forwarded for details of their respective operations.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. WHITE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JAMES L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.*

May 3.- The brigade left Fayetteville, W. Va.; moved in the direction of Dublin Depot, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

May 9.- When within four miles of that place we found the enemy posted in a very strong position at Cloyd's Mountain, but after a severe engagement he was completely routed, with a loss of 2 guns and many prisoners.

May 10.- Moved to New River bridge, where we again found the enemy, but after quite an artillery duel with the infantry support the enemy were driven from their works and the bridge, with numerous railroad buildings, burned.

May 19.- We arrived at Meadow Bluff, having made a successful raid, marching over 200 miles through the enemy's country.

---------------

* From return for May.

---------------

2 R - VOL XXXVII, PT I

