
Numbers 10.-Colonel William Emerson, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry, of the operations of the First Brigade at battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 11.-Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant Charles J. Gibson, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 14.-Lieutenant Colonel Aaron W. Ebright, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 15.-Colonel Matthew R. McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier General Erastus B. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding First Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, of operations July 7- 10. including battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 17.-Captain Charles J. Brown, First Maryland Infantry, Potomac Home Brigade, of battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 18.-Colonel Allion H. Brown, One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacay.

Numbers 19.-Lieutenant Colonel David R. Clendenin, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, of operations July 4-10, including battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 20.-Captain Edward H. Leib, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, commanding Mounted Infantry, of operations July 6-10, including battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 21.-Captain Frederic W. Alexander, Baltimore (Maryland) Battery, of skirmish at Frederic and battle of the Monocacy.

Numbers 22.-Major Henry B. Ludd, U. S. Army, commanding at Wilmington, Del., of operations July 9-16.

Numbers 23.-Lieutenant Robert Price, One hundred and fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of the burning of Gunpowder Brigade, Mary;land.

Numbers 24.-Major General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army, commanding northern defenses of Washington, of operation July 10-13.

Numbers 25.- Colonel Norton P. Chipman, Additional Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army, of status of the Union force July 12.

Numbers 26.-Brigadier General Martin D. Hardin, U. S. Army, commanding division of Twenty-second Army Corps, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 27.-Captain John Norris, Second Provisional Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 28.-Colonel James M. Warrner, First Vermont Heavy Artillery, commanding First Brigade, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 29.-Colonel John M. C. Marble, One hundred and fifty-first Ohio Infantry, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 30.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Haskin, Additional Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 31.-Colonel William Hayward, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio Infantry, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 32.-Lieutenant Colonel N. Frazee, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio Infantry, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 33.-Captain Joseph N. Abbey, Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, of the defense of Washington.

Numbers 34.-Captain A. Levi Wells, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, of operations July 9-10.

Numbers 35.-Major William H. Fry, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Provisional Cavalry Regiment, of operations July 9-10.

Numbers 36.-Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, of the pursuit of the Confederate forces July 12-14.

