
MARYLAND HEIGHTS,

July 5, 1864-11 p. m.

GENERAL: Since my dispatch* of this a. m. affairs have not changed much. I am occupying Maryland Heights with two old and three Ohio National Guard regiments, and two battalions of Fifth New Heavy Artillery. The cavalry is in Pleasant Valley, having just returned from the direction of Berlin, where the rebels cut the road and wires yesterday. The enemy shows no large force in Harper's Ferry, although they move backward and forward in squads constantly; their line of sharpshooters occupy Harper's Ferry along the river. The enemy's cavalry is this evening reported to be at Boonsborough and south of Antietam Creek, partly dismounted, picking up horses. The bridges on the railroad are probably destroyed from Duffield's Station to Cherry Run. To the latter place the troops from the west can probably come by rail. From what we see the enemy has ;eft his main infantry force near Harper's Ferry and has sent his cavalry to our rear. The enemy is reported this evening as having brought a battery on Loudoun Heights. My train brought from Martinsburg I had ordered to Frederick. On the approach of the enemy by the Boonsborough road the commanding officer at Frederick had ordered the train toward Hanover.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

Major-General HUNTER,

Parkersburg.

SANDY HOOK, VA., July 6, 1864.

(Received 1.15 p. m.)

The main force, which is variously reported from 20,000 to 30,000 men, is crossing at Antietam Ford and Shepherdstown. There is no doubt about its being a large force. The cavalry is now attacking our advance, which is three miles from here, on the Sharpsburg road. My troops are preparing for action. It may be that the principal force of the enemy are striking for the interior, but I do not think it to be the case. The enemy crossed continually for forty hours.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MD., July 6, 1864-12 p. m.

(Received 10 a. m. 7th.)

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the Secretary of War's dispatch.@ On leaving Martinsburg all stores not brought off were ordered to be burned, which, to the best of my knowledge, has been promptly done. This includes some private baggage stored at Martinsburg. The entire stores might have been brought off if the

---------------

*None to Hunter found, but see dispatch of that hour to Adjutant-General, p. 176.

@Calling for report. See, of same date, in Correspondence, &amp;c., Part II.

---------------

12 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

