
rolling-stock had been near enough to enable the railroad company to send the cars, and have them off in twelve hours. The force here consists of two old regiments infantry, four of Ohio National Guard, about 2,500 dismounted cavalry, two battalions of heavy artillery, and twenty-six field guns. In Pleasant Valley there are the cavalry under General Stahel, about 1,000 effective, the two companies of artillery, acting as infantry, and one four-gun battery. General Stahel is ordered to make a demonstration on the enemy's rear-that is, in my immediate front-toward Sharpsburg. From a reconnaissance made to-day, and from their force displayed and observed from the mountains, the enemy numbers about 6,000 between here and Antietam Creek. They have shown a disposition to attack to-night to-morrow, for which I am fully prepared, although the infantry is, with exception of two regiments and the heavy artillery, not very reliable. The enemy has a pontoon bridge near Antietam Ford over the Potomac River, as reported by scouts sent on the mountain.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION,July 6, 1864-12 p. m.

GENERAL: Your dispatch* of this p. m. received. General Stahel's cavalry has been used to operate against the forces of the enemy that attempted a crossing of the Potomac below here. The prisoners taken report as belonging to Ewell's old, now Early's corps. There seems to be no doubt that Major-General Gordon, Brigadier-Generals Bradley T. Johnson, McCausland, and Imboden are in command. I have ordered General Stahel to make a reconnaissance to-morrow and shall report promptly. The enemy in my front toward Sharpsburg is variously reported from 4,000 to 7,000 infantry, with cavalry and artillery. I am expecting an attack to-night or early to-morrow from indications obtained by a reconnaissance to-day.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

Major-General HUNTER,

Parkersburg, W. Va.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MD., July 7, 1864-6 a. m.

(Received 12.20 p. m.)

Yesterday the enemy advanced closely to our lines on the north, and intended an attack with one brigade of infantry against our left, where our lines were the weakest. His attack was frustrated by a counter attack from our right. The enemy showed an extensive line from the Potomac to Elk Ridge Mountain. Besides his skirmishers no large columns were visible. There were about 3,000 infantry in our front. Five thousand more were reported moving

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

