
party on the following morning to Sugar Loaf Mountain, for the purpose of watching Edward's and Conrad's Ferries. In compliance with this request, I ordered Acting Sergeant Franklin to proceed to Sugar Loaf Mountain on the 11th, and open communication with Maryland Heights. Sergeant Franklin narrowly escaped capture about three miles this side of the mountain, and returned to headquarters at 8 p. m.

On the 12th I against sent out a party under Lieutenant Kennedy, with a strong escort. Lieutenant Kennedy succeeded in reaching the mountain, and opened communication with me at 3 p. m. this day. He reported no enemy in sight.

On the 13th the stations remained as before on Sugar Loaf Mountain and on Maryland Heights, but the station on Loaf failed to report any movement of importance.

July 14 Captain Town's detachment arrived from Western Virginia. My party on Sugar Loaf Mountain were relived by a detachment of Captain Town's command during the night, and ordered back to Harper's Ferry for the purpose of re-establishing our original lines.*

Considering the inexperience and smallness of our party, I am quite confident that it did all that could be expected or required of as signal detachment. Although not under fire, all of the inclosed messages were transmitted from the parapets of forts during the excitement of a continual cannonade, and without a single mistake.

The inclosed transcripts@ does not embrace all the messages sent and received during the four days. In addition to these messages consolidated reports were sent to headquarters each night and morning, giving timely notice of each importance movement of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMOS M. THAYER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

Captain H. S., TAFFT, Chief Assistant, Signal Bureau.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. army, of operations about Harper's Ferry.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 4, 2864.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

The enemy have attacked us in force with cavalry and infantry. I shall not evacuate until my means are exhausted.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 4, 1864-10.40 a. m.

(Received 10.45 a. m.)

The enemy are approaching, by way of Charlestown, in heavy force. Two thousand cavalry and a force of infantry are on this

---------------

*For Town's report of subsequent operations, see p. 113.

@Omitted, as of no present importance.

---------------

