
ordnance stores were removed to Sandy Hook, Md. About 7 p. m., having received no re-enforcements (railroad and telegraphic communication being cut off at Point of Rocks, and the signal officers reporting large body of the enemy, infantry and artillery, approaching from Halltown), our forces evacuated the Ferry, falling back to Maryland Heights. General Sigel's forces arrived that night about 9 p. m. After three days' brisk skirmishing around the heights the enemy withdrew during the night of the 7th.

July 8.-Our forces reoccupied Harper's Ferry, which they still hold.

Numbers 4. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding at Cumberland, Md., of operations July 4-6 and July 27-August 3.

CUMBERLAND, MD., July 4, 1864.

(Received 12.15 a. m. 5th.)

Being cut off from General Sigel, I make report direct to you.

The enemy, about 1,500 strong, with artillery, in command of General Imboden, attacked the small force guarding the South Branch bridge, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, twenty miles east of this place, this a. m. at 6 o'clock. The men in block-house and iron-clad car fought them till 11 a. m., when the enemy set the car on fire with a fire-ball, and the men were compelled to abandon it, which enabled the rebels to fire the bridge. Portion of the enemy's forces, under command of the notorious McNeill, advanced as far west as Patterson's Creek, where they party destroyed the bridge. My force at North Branch drove them back and saved that bridge. They are now believed to be falling back. Unfortunately I have not an adequate force to purpose and punish them. I hope to be able to protect the public property and the railroad equipment at this place, New Creek, and Piedmont; also the railroad west of this point. I am anxiously looking for some troops from west.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, July 4, 1864.

The rebels attacked South Branch brigade this a. m., and are now firing. They have artillery, and the small garrison will not be able to hold out. They are also reported in Romney this a. m. I have but a small force, and that very much scattered. Please push on your troops as rapidly as possible.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HUNTER,

Parkersburg.

