
of fifty feet span (each), all the culverts and crossings on four miles of road, one water-tank and pump, from 500 to 1,000 cords of wood, also one large locomotive engine (Henry Davis), and one stationery engine, with wood-saw, &amp;c.

Respectfully submitted.

J. D. HINES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM B. NESBITT,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Dept. of West Va.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel John A. Turley, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, of engagement on Cloyd's Mountain, and skirmish at New River Bridge.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Meadow Bluff, May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor most respectfully to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement on the 9th instant near Dublin Depot, on Virginia and Tennessee Railroad:

The regiment, composing a part of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Department of West Virginia, left Fayetteville, W. Va., May 3, 1864, and after six days' march encamped at Poplar Hill, ten miles north of Dublin Depot, on the evening of the 8th of May.

On the morning of the 9th instant the regiment marched over Cloyd's Mountain to the left of the road, to get a position on the right and rear of the enemy's works. After arriving at the foot of the mountain and crossing a small creek, I received your order to form column of division in mass, in rear of the Twelfth Ohio, which order I Obeyed, marching by the flanks of divisions through dense woods a short distance to a small piece of open ground, at which point heavy firing was heard immediately in our front, the Twelfth Ohio having engaged the enemy not 300 yards distant. I immediately changed direction by the flank and deployed my regiment so as to form a second line in rear of that regiment; moving forward to the top of the hill I met that regiment falling back under a murderous fire of grape and canister and musketry. I gave the order to lie down and await the enemy, who were pushing forward with a yell. When at short range the regiment commenced firing and drove the enemy back in disorder to their temporary works. The regiment was then moved by me on double-quick down to the foot of the hill at which point I ordered the regiment to fix bayonets, and charging up the hill, the enemy hastily left their works and fled across the field to another work in front of the Ninth Virginia Infantry. Changing the direction to the right, so as to bring the regiment on the brow of the hill, I had a cross-fire upon them in rear of the work, in front of the Ninth Virginia on my right. This work was gallantly cleared by the Ninth Virginia, and the enemy were soon running in disorder. I again changed direction to the left and kept steadily moving forward, capturing prisoners and occasionally firing at the retreating foe. The men being very much exhausted from their long and tedious march, were unable to overtake the

