
Second Brigade, 1,600 men, Colonel McClennan commanding-One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania; Ninth New York, Colonel Seward; One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Ebright; One hundred and tenth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Binkley.

The residue of the division, it was reported, would be up next day. Early in the morning of the 9th disposition for battle was made. The right, forming an extended line from the railroad, was given General Tyler, who, by direction, had left Colonel Brown at the stone bridge on the Baltimore pike with his command, and the company of mounted infantry. Upon the holding of the that bridge depended the security of my right flank, and the line of retreat to Baltimore. Three companies of Colonel Gilpin's regiment were posted to defend Crum's Ford-midway the stone bridge and railroad. Landstreet and Gilpin were held in reserve at the railroad. The battery was divided-Ricketts and Tyler each received three guns. On the left, as it was likely to be the main point of attack, I directed General Ricketts to from his command in two lines across the Washington pike, so as to hold the rising ground south of it and the wooden bridge across the river. Still farther to the left, Colonel Cleadenin took post to watch that flank and guard the lower fords with such detachments as he could spare. On the western bank of the river, Captain Brown's detachment of the First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade was deployed as skirmishers, in a line three quarters of a miles to the front. A 24-pounder howitzer was left in a rude earthwork near the block-house by railroad, where it could be used to defend the two bridges and cover the retirement and crossing of the skirmish. While this disposition was going on, the railroad agent informed me that two more troop trains were on the road, and would arrive by 1 o'clock. These were the residue of General Ricketts' division, three regiments making a very important re-enforcement. About 8 a, m. the enemy marched by the pike from Frederick, and threw out skirmishers, behind whom he put his guns in position, and began the engagement. His columns followed a little after 9 o'clock. Passing through the field, just out of range of my pieces, without attempting to drive in my skirmishers, they moved rapidly around to the left, and forced a passage of the river at a ford about one mile below Ricketts. From 9 o'clock to 10.30 the action was little more than a warm skirmish and experimental cannonading, in which, however, the enemy's superiority in the number and caliber of his guns was fully shown. Against my six 3-inch rifles, he opposed not less than sixteen Napoleon. In this time, also, the fighting at the stone bridge assumed serious proportions; Colonel Brown held his position with great difficulty. About 10.30 o'clock the enemy's first line of battle made its appearance, and moved against Ricketts, who, mean time, had changed front to the left, so that his right rested the river-bank. This change unavoidably subjected his regiments to an unintermitted enfilading fire from the batteries across the stream. So great was the rebel front, also, that I was compelled to order the whole division into one line, thus leaving it without reserves. Still the enemy's front was greatest. Two more guns were sent to Ricketts. Finally, by burning the wooden bridge and the block-house at its further end, thus releasing the force left to defend them, I put the engagement every available man except Tyler's reserves, which, from the messages arriving, I expected momentarily to have to dispatch to Colonel Brown's assistance. The enemy's first line was badly defeated. His second line then ad-

