
direction of them had, as soon as intelligence of the result on the Monocacy was received, very properly been assumed by Brigadier-Generals Lockwood and Morris, whose military experience was of very great value. To the former I feel particularly grateful. Loyal citizens took up arms by the thousand, were organized, manned the works, and did soldier duty nobly.

Besides the officers mentioned in my informal report of 10th of July, the following deserve similar notice for their excellent behavior in action, and the services they rendered: Lieutenant Colonel Lynde Catlin, assistant inspector-general; Major Max. V. Z. Woodhull, acting assistant adjutant-general; and Major James R. Ross, senior aide-decamp, all of my staff; also Captain W. H. Wiegel, assistant adjutant-general to General Tyler; Captain Adam E King, assistant adjutant-general to General Ricketts; Captain Brown, First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, and Captain H. S. Allen, of the company serving as mounted infantry.

General Ricketts has not yet forwarded his official report. When received I shall promptly transmit it the War Office.* It will doubtless disclose many other officers properly entitled to special mention. At this time I can only speak of commandants of brigades and regiments whose names have been already given, and repeat the commendation they have won from commanding officers in many a former battle. They are of the soldiers whose skill and courage have ennobled not merely themselves, but the army they have belonged to so long. The subjoined report@ contains my opinion of the rebel strength forwarded by telegram the day after the battle. Information since obtained corroborates that opinion. It is now well assured that General early attacked me with one whole corps, not less than 18,000 strong, while Breckinridge, with two divisions, remained during battle in quiet occupancy of Frederick City. It is also certain, as one of the results, that notwithstanding the disparity of forces, the enemy was not able to move from the battle-field, in prosecution of his march upon Washington, until the next day about noon.

As to the casualties, I regret that the speedy movement of some regiments of General Tyler's brigade made it impossible for him to perfect his report as he himself desired. The following table, however, embraces the returns from that officer and from General Ricketts as accurately as was possible under the circumstances:

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Offi	 Men.	 Aggre	 Officer	 Men.

 cers	 	 gate.	 s.

Third Division, Sixth

Army Corps, commanded

by Brigadier-General

Ricketts:

General staff......	 ....	 .....	 .....	 1	 .....

First Brigade.......	 8	 54	 62	 17	 226

Second Brigade......	 3	 19	 22	 12	 255

Total..............	 11 	 73	 84	 30	 481

Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Aggreg	 Office	 Men.	 Aggrega	 Total.

 ate.	 rs.	 	 te.

Third Division, Sixth

Army Corps, commanded

by Brigadier-General

Ricketts:

General staff......	 1	 .....	 .....	 .......	 a 1

First Brigade.......	 243	 3	 429	 #432	 737

Second Brigade......	 267	 7	 615	 #622	 911

Total..............	 511	 10	 1,044	 #1,054	 1,649

a Captain Adam E. King, assistant adjutant-general, severely wounded.

---------------

*Ricketts' report not found.

@See p. 191.

#Greatly in excess of the number reported by name. Many of the men here counted as missing probably returned to duty before the preparation of the nominal lists. Such disagreements cannot in any other way be explained. See p. 202.

---------------

