
main force of the enemy, the day being very warm. We moved as hastily as possible in the direction of Dublin Depot, it being the point to which the enemy was retreating, and arriving on the hill, one-half a mile distant, we discovered the enemy hastily leaving in the direction of the railroad bridge across New River. By your order the brigade encamped at Dublin that night.

Next morning we moved to the bridge, from which the enemy were driven by our artillery, and the bridge destroyed, from which point we marched to this place by way of Blacksburg, Union, Salt [Sulphur Springs], and Blue Sulphur Springs, arriving here on the 19th instant, the command much exhausted from hard marching and short rations, but in good spirits.

In the fight at Cloyd's Mountain allow me to say that I believe every officer and soldier of the Ninety-first Ohio did his whole duty nobly and gallantly.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Coates, Major Cadot, Adjutant Findley, and Lieutenant Crossland, regimental quartermaster, as also my sergeant-major, J. H. Moore, and orderly, William Falwell, who rendered me much aid, I must express my thanks for their hearty co-operation and gallant bearing on the field.

In the engagement of the 9th and 10th the regiment lost 1 captain and 1 corporal killed, 25 wounded, and 2 missing. Before entering the fight Companies B and K were detached by you to act as a guard to prevent straggling, &amp;c.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. TURLEY,

Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. B. NESBITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Isaac H. Duval, Ninth West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain.
HDQRS. NINTH Regiment VIRGINIA VOL. INFANTRY,Meadow Bluff, May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the Ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry in the action of Cloyd's Mountain on the 9th instant:

In compliance with an order from the colonel commanding brigade, my position was the right of the second line of battle in rear of the Fourteenth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, and after waiting a reasonable length of time for the Fourteenth Regiment to get in position, I filed in and took my position, my right resting near the open ground on my right. The woods being very dense, I threw forward my skirmishers, who soon engaged those of the enemy, driving them before us. I soon became convinced that the Fourteenth Regiment was not in my front, and also that I was separated from the brigade, halted and sent officer to communicate with colonel commanding. The Fourteenth Virginia Regiment soon came up in my rear, passed to the front, and engaged the enemy, my regiment supporting some seventy-five yards in rear. The enemy, being strongly posted and well pro-

