
The search for the wounded was very thorough, and I am confident this number could not have been much increased after I left Frederick.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, commanding cavalry forces, who occupied Federick and the battle-field immediately after the rebel evacuation, we were indebted for the prompt detail of a burial party.

The Confederates left 405 of their wounded in the hospital at Frederick. In addition to these a number of cases, not fewer, I think, than 30, were left in various country houses, making the total number now in our hands at Frederick 435. Most of these were serious cases and could not be carried away.

Of the number of Confederates killed I have no accurate information. I heard it variously estimated at from 150 to 275. From various circumstances, I judge the latter number to be not far from the correct one. The lost, certainly, two colonels, whose names I do not remember, but who seemed to be highly esteemed. they sustained other losses in officers, but I am unable to give you any reliable information concerning them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. JOHNSON,

Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore.

Numbers 9. Itinerary of the Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Army, commanding, July 1-17, 1864.*

July 1.-Remained near plank road [front of Petersburg, Va.].

July 2.-Returned to old camp near Williams' house.

July 3 to 6.-Remained at same place.

July 6.-At 7 a. m. the division moved out of their works and marched to City Point. At 2 p. m. embarked on transports; dis-embarked at Baltimore on the morning of the 8th at Locust Point, and took the cars for Point of Rocks, Md.; Joined Major-General Wallace at Monocacy Junction, Md.

July 9.-Fought a vastly superior force of the enemy from 9 a. m. to 3.30 p. m., but was forced to fall back, which was done in good order, and covering the retreat of the 100-days' men and militia. the division lost heavily in killed, wounded, and missing.

July 10.-At 4 p. m. reached Ellicott's Mills by way of the Baltimore pike.

July 11.-Took cars for Baltimore at 4 p. m.; remained at Baltimore until the 14th.

July 14.-took cars and arrived at Washington City at dark.

July 15.-Marched by way of Georgetown, at Tennallytown taking the Poolesville road, and encamped for the night near Offutt's Cross-Roads.

July 16.-Continued the march; crossed the Potomac at Edwards Ferry and bivouacked for the night near Goose Creek.

---------------

*From return for July.

---------------

