
July 17.-Joined the First and Second Divisions three miles west of Leesburg and encamped near Hamilton for the night. General Ricketts took temporary command of the corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel William Emerson, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry, of the operations of the First Brigade t battle of the Monocacy.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIV., 6TH ARMY CORPS,July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular this day received from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the battle of Monocacy by this brigade, under the command of Colonel William S. Truex, Fourteenth New York Volunteers:

After crossing the creek that empties into the Monocacy, and while awaiting orders, the enemy opened with a piece of artillery at about 8.30 a. m., the first shot mortally wounding two men of the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers was moved to the support of Alexander's battery on the hill west of Georgetown pike. A heavy skirmish line of the enemy's cavalry and infantry appearing on the left and front, the balance of the brigade was moved into position on the left of the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, extending in the direction of the Thomas house and Buckeystown road, the Tenth Vermont volunteers being held in reserve. Heavy skirmishing was kept up until about 2 p. m., when orders were received to occupy the crest of the hill. The sharpshooters were deployed to cover the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who were ordered to charge up to the Thomas house, which they did in gallant style, driving the enemy before them and occupying the house. The One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers and One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers were then ordered to charge, while the Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers attracted the attention of the enemy by a brisk fire. In this charge there were captured 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 lieutenants, and several enlisted men.

The Tenth Vermont Volunteers were moved to the left to prevent our being flanked, the enemy having pushed two regiments in that direction. Orders being received to hold the position at all hazards, word was sent back that it could not be done without more men, when 300 of the Second Brigade were sent to our assistance. Skirmishing was kept up until 3.30 p. m., during which time Colonel Truex again sent for more men, but none were furnished. At about 3.30 p.m., under cover of their artillery, the enemy came down upon us with a heavy skirmish line, and two lines of battle that overlapped us, both on our right and left flanks. We held that positions about thirty minutes, thinning the enemy's ranks materially, when the command fell back to its former position, which it held an hour, repulsing their skirmish line and the first line of battle twice in their efforts to dislodge us, when their third line came up, which we held in check until our ammunition gave out, and we were ordered to retire to the Baltimore pike. In doing so the command fell into considerable confusion after crossing the railroad.

