
The officers and men did their duty, and their whole duty. It would be invidious to particularize individuals. I know of but one exception, Captain Benjamin F. Craig, of the Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers, who proved himself unworthy of his position, and whom I would recommend to be dishonorably dismissed.* For particulars in his case I would refer to accompanying copy of a letter+ from Lieutenant Colonel C. K. Hall, Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

The casualties of the brigade amounted to 564 killed, wounded, and missing, as follows: Killed, 68; wounded, 260; missing, 236.++

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM EMERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. J. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of battle of the Monocacy.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 6TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: #

SIXTH EPOCH.

The division, in obedience to orders, took transports at City Point July 6, and proceeded to Baltimore, Md., where it arrived on the morning of the 8th of July.

The One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, and the First and Second Battalions Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, and a detachment of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio were immediately shipped to Monocacy, Md. The Sixth Maryland, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, and the remainder of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, under the command of Colonel John F. Stuanton, did not, in consequence of unnecessary delays caused by him, arrive at Monocacy, but joined the brigade after the battle of the 9th of July. The regiments that arrived at Monocacy, under command of Colonel M. R. McClennan, with other troops of the division, the whole under command of Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts, took a most conspicuous part in the battle of Monocacy, and each lost heavily.

Heavy skirmishing commenced about 8 a. m. on the 9th of July. A general engagement ensued, which ended about 2 p.m. In consequence of the vastly superior numbers of the enemy our troops were obliged to retire, but not until the rebels had been severely punished. The enemy's los in killed and wounded was so great that his future movements were materially delayed.

Captain William a. Hathaway, One hundred and tenth Ohio, was killed upon the field. He was an accomplished young officer, and

---------------

*Dismissed November 12, 1864.

+Not found.

++But see compilation from nominal list, p. 202.

#For portion of this report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 6, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 730, and Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

