
had rendered his country great and good service. Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Taft, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery; Captain G. W. Guss, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania; Captain Luther Brown, and Lieutenant George O. McMillen, One hundred and tenth Ohio, were among the dangerously wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Taft has since had a leg amputated. Lieutenant McMillen has died. Many other officers were more or less severely wounded. Colonels McClennan and Seward, Lieutenant-Colonels Binkley and Taft, Majors Aaron Spangler, and Charles Burgess, and Captains Brown, Snodgrass, Guss, Feight, and others were distinguished for gallantry in this, as in many other actions.

For especial mention of the conduct of officers, and for full and complete details of operations of regiments, attention is invited to reports of regimental commanders, which are herewith transmitted.* The reports of Colonels Ball, Horn, McClennan, and Lieutenant-Colonels Ebright and Binkley, are particularly interesting. Lieutenant A. J. Harrison, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. John A. Gump and J. T. Rorer (now captain), One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, aides-de-camp upon the brigade staff, deserve special mention for their bravery in conveying orders, and their good judgment in moving am posting troops. Lieutenant Harrison lost an arm, and was captured and the battle of the Wilderness, after which the duties of acting assistant adjutant-general were performed by Lieutenant Gump. To Captain J. T. Rorer I am indebted for many of the facts contained this report.

I herewith append a summary of casualties, by regiments, which occurred in this brigade from May 4 to July 9, 1864, inclusive.+ The total loss during the campaign was 2,033 officers and men.

I am, captain, truly, your obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ANDREW J. SMITH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

Numbers 12. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Camp in Druid Hill Park, near Baltimore, Md. July 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement of July 9, 1864, at Monocacy:

On the evening of the 8th of July I arrived in company with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment, One hundred

---------------

*For such of these reports as relate to operations from May 4 to Jun 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, and for those from June 13 to July 6, 1864, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+Detailed summary not found.

---------------

