
and twenty-sixth Ohio, and a detachment of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Regiments at Monocacy Junction, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

On the morning of the 9th, at about 8 o'clock, by direction of Colonel McClennan, of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment, commanding that portion of the Second Brigade which was present, I took a position on a rising ground on the south side of the Monocacy River, my regiment being the left of the brigade, the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery forming a second line in the rear. I held this position, exposed to a heavy fire, until about 2 p. m., when I discovered the enemy advancing directly on my left flank. I immediately changed front so as to confront the advancing lines. The Ninth New York then moved to the left and formed on the prolongation of my line. We held this position for nearly one hour longer, when I received orders to advance, which I did under a murderous fire of musketry and artillery, the latter coming obliquely from the front and rear and directly from the right. Finding it impossible to hold my position under such a fire, I fell back a few rods and formed along a cut in the Washington turnpike. Still exposed to the fire of the artillery, and having re-received orders to fall back when I could hold my position no longer, and seeing the enemy coming down upon us in overwhelming numbers, with imminent danger of having my command annihilated, the balance of the line having given way and the line on my right having been withdrawn, I gave the order to fall back. My command, with the division, then marched to the vicinity of Ellicott's Mills, where we arrived about noon on the 10th of July.

In this engagement I lost 1 officer, Captain Hathaway, Company C, killed and 4 wounded, and 2 missing. Enlisted men: Killed 3; wounded, 73; missing, 63. Total loss: Officers, 6; enlisted men, 138.*

Both officers and men deserve the greatest praise for the manner in which they conducted themselves during the whole of the engagement. The loss of Captains Hathaway, Brown, and Snodgrass will be severely felt by the regiment. They performed their duty most nobly, utterly regardless of the dangers to which they were constantly exposed.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. BINKLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers Infantry, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., 6th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp in the Field, September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:+

During the passage from City Point to Baltimore nothing worthy of note occurred, except the loss of one man, who fell overboard some time in the night.

---------------

*But see table, p. 202.

+For portion of this report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 6, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 741, and Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

