
We entered the harbor at Baltimore on the morning of the 8th, and remained until the arrival of General Ricketts, when we disembarked and took cars for Monocacy Junction, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, where we arrived about 3 p. m. in company with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, the One hundred and twenty-sixth, and detachment of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Regiments.

On the morning of the 9th of July, at about 8 o'clock, by direction of Colonel McClennan, of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment, commanding that portion of the brigade which was present, I took a position on rising ground on the south side of Monocacy River, my regiment forming the left of the brigade, the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery forming a second line in the rear. We held this position until about 2 p. m., when I discovered the enemy advancing directly on our left flank. I immediately changed front so as to confront the advancing lines. The Ninth New York then moved to the left and formed on prolongation of my line. At the time this change of front was made the One hundred and tenth, instead of being the left of the brigade, formed the extreme right of the line, the troops on its right having been withdrawn to strengthen some other part. We remained in this position about one hour, when I received orders to advance my line, which I did under a murderous fire of musketry and artillery, the latter coming obliquely from the front and rear and directly from the right. Finding it impossible to hold this position under such a fire, we fell back a few rods and formed along a cut in the Washington turnpike, still exposed to the fire of artillery. The enemy had the advantage in position and numbers, outnumbering us at least three to one. Having received orders to fall back when we could hold the position no longer, and seeing the enemy coming down upon us in overwhelming numbers with imminent danger of having my command annihilated, I gave the order to fall back. We then, with the balance of the division, marched to the vicinity of Ellicott's Mills, where we arrived about noon on the 10th of July.

In this engagement the regiment lost Captain Hathaway killed, Captain Brown, Lieutenants Moon, Sherer, and McMillen severely wounded; the latter since died of his wounds. Captain Trimble slightly wounded. Captain Snodgras and Lieutenant Hackett were taken prisoners. Number of enlisted men killed, 3; wounded, 70; missing, 50; total in killed, wounded, and missing, 131.* I take pleasure in mentioning Corpl. W. R. Moyer, of Company H, for his heroic conduct in saving our colors left on the field by the color-sergeant, who was mortally wounded. In the death of Major McElwain+ and Captain Hathaway, the regiment lost two valuable officers, who never, under any circumstances, failed to do their duty.

In addition to the operations herein enumerated, the One hundred and tenth Regiment performed many other duties, such as entrenching, guard and picket duty, numerous fatiguing marches, &amp;c.

During two-thirds of the time, in the months of May and june, we were daily, and sometimes during the whole of the night, more or less exposed to the enemy's fire. It seemed like one continued fight.

We were frequently compelled to lie for several days on the damp ground in clothing thoroughly wet, and for the want of time

---------------

*But see table, p. 202.

+Killed May 5, 1864.

---------------

14 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

