
tected by barricades made of rails, poured a murderous fire into the Fourteenth Regiment and compelled them to retire. I ten received the order to forward, and, being convinced that nothing short of a desperate charge would carry the works, I ordered my officers to the front and moved forward under a very destructive and murderous fire. Had to advance thus for about 150 yards, and when within a few yards of the works ordered a charge and carried the works. Many of my men were bayoneted in crossing over. We clubbed muskets, and soon dislodged and drove them from their strong-hold. We captured 2 pieces of artillery, many prisoners, and 1 flag. Having exhausted my ammunition, halted for the purpose of collecting ammunition from the dead and wounded, the enemy being then in full retreat. Spending but a few minutes in collecting ammunition, joined our brigade and pursued the retreating enemy to Dublin Depot, where we halted for the night. Next morning moved with the command to the railroad bridge across New River, which was soon destroyed by our forces, the artillery only being engaged.

I am proud to add that the officers and men of my regiment behaved with great coolness and bravery, and deserve great praise for their gallant conduct. I am truly sorry to add my losses are very great, being 45 killed, 126 wounded, and 15 missing; total, 186.

I herewith send complete list of my casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. H. DUVAL,

Colonel Ninth Regiment Virginia Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant W. B. NESBITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Second Brigade.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH WEST VIRGINIA VOL. INFTY.,Meadow Bluff, May 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Virginia Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Cloyd's Mountain on the 9th instant:

Early on the morning of the 9th the entire division moved from its encampment of the previous night, the Second Brigade in the advance and the Fourteenth Virginia at the head of the column. We had advanced about a mile when the column was halted. I here received orders to turn to the left, proceed up a hollow about a mile, turn to the right, and ascended the mountain. I arrived on the top of the mountain with the regiment at about 8.30 a. m. and was halted until the entire brigade came up. I was then ordered to descended the eastern slope of the mountain. Companies A and F, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Taggart, were pushed forward as an advance guard. Arriving at the foot of the mountain I was again halted, while Lieutenant-Colonel Taggart [advance] with the two companies deployed as skirmishers to ascertain the position of

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 14.

---------------

