
and opportunity to cook, mad our meals of hard bread and water. The regiment always did its part of whatever duty the brigade was called upon the perform.

The endurance of both officers and men, and the alacrity with which they perform.

The endurance of both officers and men, and the alacrity with which they performed their arduous duties, entitle them to the highest praise.

I would like to make special mention of some of the officers of the regiment, but to do so, I fear, would render my report unnecessarily long. Suffice it to say no officers ever did their duty better.

Summary of casualties:* Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 14; missing, 2; since died of wounds, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 28; wounded, 244; missing, 77. Total enlisted men-killed, wounded, and missing, 349; enlisted men since died of wounds, 24. Aggregate in killed, wounded, and missing, 367.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. BINKLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 110th Ohio Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Charles J. Gibson, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.
HEADQUARTERS 122nd OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Clifton, Va., September 15, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: Herewith I send report made to me by Lieutenant Gibson of the battle of Monocacy, July 9:

The evening of the 6th of July the regiment, except the detachment under Lieutenant Gibson, with all the officers of the regiment but Lieutenant gibson, embarked on the captured blockade-runner Exchange for Baltimore, Md., but the vessel proving very slow we did not arrive at Baltimore until 12 o'clock the night of the 8th, and did not take any part in the action of the 9th. After our arrival at Baltimore we were under the immediate command of Colonel Staunton, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BALL,

Colonel 122nd Ohio Infantry Volunteers.

CAMP NEAR CLIFTON, VA.,

September 14, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order of this day, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the action at Monocacy Junction, July 9, 1864, by a detachment of the One hundred and twenty-second Regiment under my command, viz, Companies B, C, E, I, and K, and a few men from Company F; total, 150 men:

Embarked at City Point, Va., July 7, at 8 a. m., and reached Baltimore, Md., July 8, at 2 p. m. Took cars for Frederick City and

---------------

*From May 5, 1864.

---------------

