
arrived at Monocacy Junction at 3 a. m. on the 9th instant. Skirmishing began 9 a. m. on our front; took position in the line on the right of the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers. About 11 a. m. Colonel McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade, ordered me to send fifty men to strengthen the skirmish line. Company C and part of Company B were sent forward. About 3 p. m. we were ordered to move with the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio some distance to the left, to extend the line from the left of the One hundred and sixth New York to the pike and near a section of Alexander's battery. As soon as we reached this position the line moved forward and drove the enemy near one-fourth of a mile. We were ordered to lie down, and remained under fire for about half an hour, when the enemy turned our right flank, pressing up to within fifty yards of my detachment. We then fell back slowly and in order, and were among the last to leave the field. We moved toward the Baltimore pike by order of General Wallace, and joined the regiment under your command at New Wallace, and joined toward the Baltimore pike by order of General Wallace, and joined the regiment under your command at New Market about 9 p. m. that day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. GIBSON,

Second Lieutenant Company A, Commanding Detach.

Colonel WILLIAM H. BALL,

122nd Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Aaron W. Ebright, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.
HDQRS. 126TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

On the 6th of July the division was ordered to Baltimore, Md., at which city we arrived on the morning of the 8th, per steam transports, and at once took the train for Monocacy Junction, on which point the enemy was reported moving. My regiment arrived at Monocacy bridge in the evening and camped near it during the night. On the morning of the 9th the forces here under Major-General Wallace were formed into line of battle, my regiment stationed near the turnpike bridge. At noon this bridge was burnt, and at 3 p. m. my regiment was double-quicked to the left to support the line there that was being severely pressed by the enemy. The regiment advanced beyond our line of battle, driving the enemy behind the crest of a hill, and having been engaged abut one hour, was ordered to fall back. The enemy followed us some miles, annoying us with shot and shell. My loss in this engagement was 3 enlisted men killed, 3 officers and 40 enlisted men wounded, 28 enlisted men missing, and 29th enlisted men known to be prisoners.

In all the engagements of the campaign the officers and men, with a few exceptions, behaved most gallantly; to mention all who have merited remark would extend this report beyond reasonable limits.

---------------

*For portion of this report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 6, see Vol. XXXVI, p. 747, and Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

