
portion of the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery to the extreme left of the division, commanded by Major L. A. May, and was heavily engaged in checking an attack on our left flank.

The battle of Monocacy was one of great spirit and importance, and in my belief saved the city of Washington from the ravages of the enemy.

Being heavily pressed late in the day, we were ordered to retire to the Baltimore pike, which we did, and proceeded toward Baltimore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. MCCLENNAN,

Colonel 138th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. A. GUMP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Summary of losses from May 4 to June 30, 1864; Killed, officers, 2; men, 23. Wounded, officers, 3; men, 146. Missing, men, 10. Captured, men, 26. Since died from wounds, officers, 1; men, 8. Total, officers, 5; men, 215.

Summary of losses at the battle of Monocacy July 9, 1864: Wounded, officers, 1; men 43. Missing, men, 5. Captured, officers, 1; men, 10. Since died from wounds, men, 8. Total, officers, 2; men, 67.

Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General Erastus B. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding First Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, of operations July 7-10, including battle of the Monocacy.
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE Brigadier, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Relay House, Md., July 14, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor, sir, to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late engagements at Frederick City and Monocacy Junction:

On Thursday, the 7th instant, Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, under the immediate orders of the major-general commanding, drew the enemy from the mountains west of Frederick City, and I re-enforced him with three guns of Alexander's (Maryland) battery, and the Third Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers, under Colonel Charles Gilpin, then t Monocacy Junction. The promptness of these troops soon brought them in front of the enemy, who were occupying a commanding position a short distance west of the city. The action soon became warm and spirited, continuing some five hours, the enemy being handsomely repulsed just as darkness came upon us. The conduct of both officers and men was brave, gallant, and creditable. Colonel Gilpin and Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin conducted themselves in the most gallant manner, deserving great credit for their skill and efficiency from first to last. These officer speak in very high terms of the officers and men under them, and they deserve it all. The three guns of Alexander's battery were served splendidly, under the command

