
The cavalry was placed under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin, who will furnish a separate report, and I would very respectfully call the attention of the major-general to this gallant and valuable officer, and the officers and men serving under him. They certainly acquitted themselves with great credit.

A force of the enemy's cavalry came down upon me while on the right of the line, near the stone bridge, and forced men, Captain Webb, and Lieutenant Goldsborough, of my staff, into the woods, surrounding us, and with their persistent watchfulness prevented our following the column for nearly three days.

To the officers of my staff, Captain W. H. Wiegel, Captain F. I. D. Webb, and Lieutenant Goldsborough, George W. Startzman, and R. E. Smith, I am greatly indebted for their untiring efforts and energy during the whole movement. Captain Wiegel, in the heat of the engagement, took command of the 24-pounder howitzer on the bank of the river, serving it with marked courage and ability, and with telling effect upon the enemy. His conduct must have been observed by the commanding general. I send you herewith a list of casualties as far as we are able to obtain them at this time.*

Very respectfully submitted.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17. Report of Captain Charles J. Brown, First Maryland Infantry, Potomac Home Brigade, of battle of the Monocacy.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WORTHINGTON,July 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command at the battle of the Monocacy:

My two companies, C and K, First Maryland Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade, were occupying at the commencement of the fight the block-house on the west side of the Monocacy, which I, in obedience to orders from the general commanding, evacuated and burned. I was then ordered to hold the brigade over the railroad, on the Georgetown pike, one company of the Tenth Vermont Infantry and one company of the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, being added to my command. This position I held until the left of our army fell back, when, having received a discretionary order to fall back while I could do so with safety, I left my position and fell back across the railroad bridge and occupied the rifle-pits on the east side of the Monocacy, covering the retreat of our army for a short time, and then following the line of march until my command was increased by Companies B, G, and H, First Maryland Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade, by being added to it at Ellicott's Mills, where it was furnished transportation to Baltimore, Sunday, July 10, and ordered.

---------------

*The nominal list (here omitted) gives a total of 1 killed, 28 wounded, and 90 missing. But see revised statement, p. 201.

---------------

