
to report to Colonel gilpin, commanding First Separate Brigade, Colonel Gilpin being in command of Fort Worthington.

On Wednesday, July 13, Colonel Gilpin being ordered elsewhere, I was placed in command of the fort, which I now occupy with Companies B, C, G, H, and K, of the First Maryland Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding First Md., Regiment, P. H. B., Detach. Infty.

Captain R. H. OFFLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of Baltimore.

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel Allison L. Brown, One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of battle of the Monocacy.
HDQRS. 149TH REGIMENT OHIO NATIONAL GUARD,Baltimore, Md., July 14, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 9th instant at Monocacy Junction, Md.:

In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, Third Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, under date of July 3, 1864, I reported that part of my regiment that remained under my command, consisting of Companies B, E, I, and K, to Brigadier-General Tyler at Monocacy Junction, at 3.30 p. m. July 7, 1864. I here found Companies C, D, and G of my regiment, which had been on duty at Annapolis, Md., and Companies B, I, and G of the One hundred and forty-fourth Regiment Ohio National Guard were, by order of Major-General Wallace, commanding, attached to my command, amounting in aggregate strength to 660 men. One the evening of that day, by order of Brigadier-General Tyler, my command was sent forward to take post at Frederick, which it did at daylight on Friday morning, 8th. I remained in position at Frederick during the day; threw out skirmishers to watch the enemy, who were in force in my front a considerable portion of the time.

At 4 p. m. on the 8th instant received orders from the general commanding to withdraw my men and fall back on the Baltimore pike toward Monocacy bridge, which I did. Before arriving at the bridge I was ordered by Brigadier-General Tyler to assume command of the Eleventh Regiment Maryland Volunteers and my own regiment, to move my command across the river to Monocacy and take position at that point. Soon after I had taken posts at this point, an order came from Major-General Wallace to the colonel commanding the Eleventh Maryland Volunteers to take his regiment and the detachment of the One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio National Guard under my command and report to General Tyler at Monocacy Junction without delay, leaving me the seven companies of my own regiment with which to hold the position. I posted my command in such a manner as in my judgment to most effectually hold the bridge and guard against a surprise, either in front or on my flank. From information gained from sources I considered

