
the entire day was at his post, attending promptly to the wounded, was left behind on the retreat and became a prisoner. He nobly refused to abandon his wounded, and thus displayed a heroism worthy of emulation.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. L. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding 149th Regiment Ohio National Guard.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps.

Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David R. Clendenin, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, of operations July 4-10, including battle of the Monocacy.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Baltimore, Md., July 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left Washington, D. C., July 4, at 7 p. m., with 230 officers and men of the Eighth Regiment Illinois Cavalry, and arrived at Point of Rocks at 2 p. m. July 5, where I found Mosby with two pieces of artillery and about 200 men posted on the south bank of the Potomac.* Dismounting one-half of my command, I skirmished with him for an hour and half, killing 1 of his men and wounding 2 others, when he retired down the river. He fired but six shots from his artillery. I lost no men. Hearing that he was crossing at Noland's Ferry, I moved down and drove him back about 10 p. m., and went into camp for three hours.

I returned to Point of Rocks by sunrise the next morning, and sent one squadron to Berlin and Sandy Hook to protect the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. At 11.30 a. m. I received a telegram from General Howe to repair to Frederick and ascertain the force of the enemy reported in the vicinity of Boonsborough. Calling in my forces, I arrived at Frederick at 8 p. m., where I received orders to report in person to Major-General Wallace, at Monocacy Junction, and by him was ordered to take two pieces of Alexander's battery and move forward by the way of Middletown and find the enemy.

I left Frederick City at 5.30 a. m. July 7,and met the enemy's cavalry in equal force approaching from Middletown, and immediately engaged and drove them back, when they were heavily re-enforced and I retired slowly to Catoctin Mountain and placed the artillery in position from which it was able to shell the enemy's skirmish line with effect. After five hours' skirmishing, the enemy being heavily re-enforced and flanking me, I was compelled to fall back on Frederick. For three hours I had been fighting at least 1,000 men and I could see additional re-enforcements moving up from Middletown, The enemy pressed me closely as I retired on Frederick, where I found an additional gun and ammunition. Placing the guns rapidly in position I cleared the road of cavalry and opened on the head of the approaching column, which fell back and deployed to our left bringing up artillery, which was posted south of the Hagerstown

---------------

*For Mosby's report, see p. 3.

---------------

