
pike in a commanding position. At this time Colonel Gilpin with the Third Maryland Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade, came up, and being senior officer, took command of all the forces. I moved to our left and with my cavalry dismounted engaged the enemy, fighting continually until dark, repulsing them effectually. My loss this day was 1 officer, Lieutenant Gilbert, mortally wounded, 2 men killed, and 7 wounded; the enemy retired to Catoctin Mountain during the night.

The next morning I sent forward a portion of my regiment to find the enemy, and skirmished with them the greater part of the day, repulsing several charges and driving their skirmishers into the mountain. Captain Leib, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, with 96 mounted infantry; Major Wells, First New York Veteran Cavalry, with 256 cavalry of various regiments, and the Independent Loudoun Rangers were ordered to report to me that day, all of whom I had supporting the men of my own regiment, or on the flanks watching the movements of the enemy. The loss in the Eighth Illinois Cavalry was Captain John V. Morris and 1 man killed, and 7 men wounded. The infantry having fallen back I called in my forces, covering the rear of the column.

Leaving Frederick City about 2 a. m. on the morning of the 9th of July, I arrived at Monocacy Junction, via Baltimore turnpike, about daylight. After two hours' rest I deployed a squadron, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, on the Georgetown pike between the Junction and Frederick; sent Captain Leib with the mounted infantry to hold a ford above the bridge where the Baltimore pike crosses the Monocacy, and one company Eighth Illinois Cavalry down the Monocacy to move well round on the enemy's right flank. The squadron on the Georgetown pike met the enemy's skirmishers within a mile of the Junction and held them in check until compelled to retire before vastly superior numbers, which they did in good order. I moved with all the available force I had to our left, where I had been informed the enemy were making demonstrations with their cavalry. I had posted one company on the left of the infantry to cover a ford across the Monocacy and was down between the river and the road to Buckeystown, which was the line I designed taking up when the enemy charged across the river with a brigade of cavalry upon the company I had just posted. Lieutenant Corbit, in command of the company, drove the advance back and for a few minutes held his ground, then retired in good order to the Buckeystown road, which he held until the infantry came to his support. The enemy dismounted their cavalry and engaged the left of our infantry. During this time I was cut off from the main body of our forces, having three orderlies with me and directly in rear of the rebel cavalry. Two squadrons of my regiment were also cut off, but farther down the river. One squadron I directed to accomplish the work of destroying bridges and obstructions, crossing over the Monocacy and making circuit of the enemy's right to join me on the Georgetown pike near Monocacy Junction. The other squadron I brought around the enemy's flank and took a position on the left of the infantry. During this time I had scouts and patrols on the Georgetown pike as far as Urbana and fifty men of Major Wells' command at the latter place patrolling toward Buckeystown. When the rebel infantry charged upon our left and our forces had fallen back, I retired toward Urbana, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry. They pressed me closely and made several charges. At Urbana the

