
assist the colonel of the One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio (100-days' men) to hold the bridge. I arrived at the ford and drove the rebels off, placed me men in position, and then returned to assist the colonel to hold his position, which at that time was being hard pressed. The rebels made a charge on the left of the line, and drove the left in within 100 yards of the bridge. I immediately rode up and rallied the men and drove the enemy back, captured some prisoners, and retook the old ground. I then assisted Colonel Brown to establish the line, and he threw his whole force over. The position was a very good one. The enemy tried hard to take it, but at every point were driven back. My men on the extreme left held their position, and were not troubled by the enemy. I relieved all my mounted men, and placed a company of the One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio in their old position; took my command to the bridge for the purpose of holding it until our forces fell back on the Baltimore pike. General Tyler requested me to draw the One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio over the Monocacy bridge as soon as possible. I reported the intention of the general to Colonel Brown, and started to carry out the order. The men commenced moving tot he bridge, and were crossing, [when] the enemy arrived in force ont eh opposite side and attacked our men on the left flank. I pushed all the men over I could, and when I started to cross I found the rebels in strong force in my front, and when I started to move to the rear found it impossible to move in that direction. The rebels were coming in rear and on all our flanks. The way open was up the river, and I started in that direction. The rebels closing in all directions, I could not strike the ford, and was compelled to ride my horse down a very steep bluff into the river. I crossed the river and directed the officer commanding a company of the One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio in what direction to move. He commenced moving before I left, and I have since been informed that he is now in the city with his command. I started to the point where I had left my men to cover my crossing over the bridge, but found all had gone, and the rebels in possession of the ground. I met a few men of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and took for the woods. At 12 o'clock at night I arrived on the Baltimore pike, two miles this side of New Market, and found that the enemy had not been on the road farther then New Market. I brought up the rear guard with eight men to one mile on the other side of Ridgeville, and there met my command. I reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin for orders. He ordered me to act in conjunction with himself in bringing up the rear of our forces. I must here state that Captain allen, of the One hundred and fifty-ninth Ohio Mounted Infantry, repel the rebel cavalry, killing 6 and wounding quite a number. The enemy did not follow after he drove them back. At Ellicott's Mills I threw out pickets and remained under General Rickett's orders. I sent out small parties to scout the country to the right, rear, and left, and drove the rebel cavalry back on the different roads. I sent Captain Allen out on the Elysville road six miles. He came up in the rear of a few rebel cavalrymen, killed 2 and wounded the officer in command. All that could be found on my flanks were a few rebel cavalry.

On Monday evening, the 11th, I was ordered to bring up the rear of General Ricketts' division, and move to Baltimore on the pike. I arrived in the city about 7 o'clock in the evening, and immediately reported to the commanding officer for orders, and was ordered to go into Camp Carroll and rest my men and horses.

