
In conclusion, I am pleased to state that Captain Allen did all in his power to assist me in carrying out my orders. All the orders I gave he promptly carried out and to my entire satisfaction.

I am pleased to state that the mounted men under my command did well, more than I expected from men that have been in the service so short a time and not used to procure forage for my horses and rations for my men. Not a man complained; all stood the hard marches like faithful soldiers, and in battle I cannot find fault with one of my men; all did well. I arrived in the city with sixty-six men. I left with ninety-eight privates and two officers. Since that time all have returned except ten. A few of my horses were shot, and I could not bring them off the field with me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD H. LEIB,

Captain, 5th U. S. Cav., Mustering Officer, Baltimore City, Md.

[General LEWIS WALLACE.]

Numbers 21. Report of Captain Frederick W. Alexander, Baltimore (Maryland) Battery, of action at Frederick and battle of the Monocacy.

CAMP Numbers 24, BALTIMORE BATTERY LIGHT ARTY.,

Near Baltimore, July 13, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to orders, I have the honor to make the following statement regarding the fight at Frederick and battle of the Monocacy.

At 1 a. m. Thursday, 7th, I received an order to send a section to Federick to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin, Eighth Illinois Cavalry. Lieutenant Leary, of the battery, reported at 4.30 a. m. with his section at Frederick to Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin, and advanced at 6 a. m. along the road leading westwardly to Middletown. The enemy were encountered two miles this side of Middletown, and the section gradually retired toward Federick. At 11 a. m. of the same day I received orders to go to Lieutenant Leary's assistance with another gun and ammunition. I met them at 12.30 p. m., and with Colonel Clendenin formed a line of defense on the edge of the town. The enemy opened on us with three guns about 4 p. m. About 6 p. m. we dismounted one gun and began to silence their artillery fire. Shortly before dark Colonel Gilpin, who on his arrival had assumed command, charged and forced back the rebels, and they appeared no more that night.

On Friday, 8th, the battery was filled up by the arrival of the remaining three pieces at 9 a. m. No engagement took place except slight skirmishing on the Middletown road, but the battery was constantly on the move until 4 a. ml. Saturday, 9th, when it returned to the Monocacy, somewhat short of ammunition, as the fire on Thursday had been continuous all day.

On Saturday, 9th, at 9 a. m., I was ordered to place three guns on the hill beyond Monocacy, toward Frederick, and commenced firing on the enemy as they advanced on both sides of the pike from Frederick. They soon returned with artillery, but with little effect.

