
Finding this they proceeded around toward the left of our position, where the ground gradually rose in the distance, while on our side it sloped away. The other three guns were then placed on the hill on this side of the Monocacy, so as to meet their movement to our left. The enemy brought, as nearly as I can judge, about sixteen guns to bear on us, but, owing to the advantage of the ground nd the infantry preventing them from gaining ground to our left, where they could have commanded the battery, did but little damage, through some of their guns were of heavier caliber. (The guns of the battery are 3-inch rifle.) When more guns of the enemy began to appear on our left with infantry, I moved two more guns from the hill on the right to the hill on our left. Finally, about 3 p. m., our troops made a charge and drove them back, and they then uncovered their forces and came on, in about three lines, and forced our troops to retreat. Our ammunition almost gave out about 4 p. m., but the guns were kept in position until the order was given from General Ricketts to retire by the Baltimore road. we moved out along the road at a walk which led to the Baltimore pike, and I was ordered by General Wallace, at New Market, to proceed along the road to Baltimore. Two of the guns were left in the rear to assist in guarding the column, though with little ammunition left, and joined the battery at Ellicott's Mills at 11 a. m. Sunday, July 10, when I moved to Baltimore, as ordered, for ammunition and supplies.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of the battery, viz, Lieutenant Evans, Lieutenant Leary, and Lieutenant Hall. Lieutenant Alexander was absent as acting assistant adjutant and inspector general on General Kenkly's staff.

My loss was 4 men wounded and 5 horses killed, 1 caisson body (empty) and the body of the battery wagon, left behind in order to attach a 24-pounder howitzer, which did not belong to the battery, to the limber. I succeeded in bringing it safely to Baltimore, as also a mountain howitzer, which had been used to defend the Monocacy bridge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. ALEXANDER,

Commanding Baltimore Battery of Light Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22. Report of Major Henry B. Judd, U. S. Army, commanding at Wilmington, Del., of operations July 9-16.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Wilmington, Del., July 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command since the 9th instant:

In obedience to instructions received from the headquarters of the Middle Department, and from the Third Separate Brigade, a detachment of 100 convalescents and men of the Veteran Reserve Corps in

