
the general hospital at this place was at once organized by Captain David G. Swaim, assistant adjutant-general, my assistant mustering officer, and sent at the earliest moment to Havre de Grace, under command of Lieutenant James Lewis, Veteran Reserve Corps, to protect the steam ferry-boat and railroad property at that point. Lieutenant Lewis was instructed to take post on the boat with a portion of his men to defend it from any attempt to seize it at all hazards, and if necessary to run the boat down the river to a place of safety. I caused notices to be read in all the churches whose congregations had assembled for public worship, and the city crier to repeat the same in the streets, calling upon the citizens to enroll their names and organize themselves into companies for the defense of the State against an invading foe. I also requested the mayor of the city to have the bell of the City Hall sounded to assemble the citizens for the purpose of adopting some speedy and definite action in furtherance of the object desired. To this meeting I caused to be read an appeal urging the necessity of immediately responding to the call for troops, and the greta importance of forwarding them for the protection of our railroad communications with Baltimore.

Finding it impossible to raise men for 100 days, I was constrained to offer to accept them for thirty, and as soon as fifty men had offered themselves I caused them to be mustered with a first lieutenant, equipped, and sent as rapidly as possible to Gunpowder bridge, which they reached just before daylight on the morning of the 10th. Here they were attacked by the enemy's cavalry. I append herewith the officer's brief statement. As fast as a sufficient number of men could be enrolled to form a minimum company they were mustered in, armed, clothed, equipped, and sent forward by trains until the defense of Havre de Grace was thought secure.

Finding the telegraph wires were cut at Magnolia Station this side of gunpowder, and all communication with Baltimore severed, I assumed command of the troops sent by me to Havre de grace and of a detachment of marines and sailors, under Captain Harris, U. s. Navy, whom I directed to take post there with a battery of ship's howitzers and rifled guns.

Desirous of learning the situation of affairs at Conowingo bridge, which crosses the Susquehanna, within a days' ride of this place, and is on the main thoroughfare from Harford County, Md., to Chester County, Pa., I sent a party of scouts in that direction. They reported by telegraph that there were no Union forces there or at the Peach Bottom above; that refugees were coming in with their horses and cattle to this side, and the rebels reported at Bel Air. I immediately ordered the bridge planks to be taken up and if necessary the bridge to be fired, and sent two large infantry companies there.

Being very much in need of a few cavalrymen for scouting purposes, I caused a company to be raised for thirty days, the men furnishing their own horses. This company, commanded by Captain Robert Milligan, I have now ordered to report to your headquarters.

Brigadier-General Schoepf was kind enough to offer the services of a section of field artillery, under Captain Mlotkowski, of an independent Pennsylvania battery, which I accepted.

These arrangements being made to defend the most exposed points along the line of the Susquehanna, I commenced to post what troops could be raised for the protection of this city from any sudden dash of cavalry.

15 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

