
Major W. M. Este, aide-de-camp, reached Havre de Grace on the 12th, and Lieutenant-Colonel (late Major-General) French, was soon after ordered there by Major-General Halleck.

The regiment of 30-days' men having been filled up to nearly its maximum by adhering strictly to the regulations and orders prescribed by the War Department for mustering troops, another regiment was commenced, but before entering upon its organization the immediate danger seemed to have passed away and the enrollment of men was discontinued.

In obedience to a verbal message sent me through one of General Wallace's staff officers, I caused all the vessels at this place capable of passing through the Delaware and Chesapeake Canal to be seized and sent to Perryville for the transportation of troops to Baltimore.

Being very much in need of efficient officers to assist in mustering and organizing the volunteers, I availed myself of the presence of Paymaster F. B. Warner, U. S. Army, and Captain H. C. Robinett, First U. S. Infantry, both of whom happened to be here on special duty. Major Warner mustered the cavalry and appraised their horses.

The emergency being so great and the communication with Baltimore for the time suspended, I was obliged to assume responsibilities and exercise powers not belonging to my rank or command, in doing which, I acted in perfect harmony with the authorities of the State, and with as much prudence and discretion as were consistent with the energy and efficiency required by the occasion.

In all these labors I was indebted, for their cordial co-operation and intelligent aid, to the Honorable Samuel M. Harrington, Secretary of State, Captain D. G. Swaim, assistant adjutant-general, Captain C. R. Tyler, assistant quartermaster, Captain E. Wilmer, provost-marshal, Major F. B. Warner, and Captain H. C. Robinett, U. S. Army.

I regret to be obliged to state that while the mass of the people were eager and willing to respond to the call made to them, and the civil and military authorities were laboring indefatigably night and day to organize a coherent force capable of defensive operations, a few meddlesome busybodies, too cowardly, or too wedded to the comforts of their homes, to offer their personal services in the hour of trial, industriously occupied themselves in traducing, criticizing, and impugning the character, measures, and motives of the officers engaged in this work, but especially the military commander and mustering officer, doing their utmost to weaken their authority and destroy their influence over the people, because these officers declined to set aside all system and rule to gratify the fear, the caprices, or the more unworthy emotions of these calumniators. Had these men belonged to that small class of the citizens of this place known as Copperheads, I should have been at no loss to determine their closer relation with my provost-guards, but they were unhappily among those who sicken brave men with their windy professions of loyalty without raising a finger to lighten the load which a crisis like that just passes devolves upon the military authorities.

I have the honor to request that my action in the matters above detailed may be approved by the Secretary of War, in order that the accounts of the officers concerned may be adjusted.

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army, Military Commander.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Department.

