
[Inclosure.]

PERRYVILLE, MD., July 11, 1864.

Major H. B. JUDD:

The enemy's cavalry attacked us yesterday while the men were pitching tents, wounding one man, and afterward sent in a flag of truce demanding our surrender, which was refused. We formed line to defend the bridge, when they sent a whole train of cars of fire at full speed onto the bridge, which set the draw on fire. My communication cut off north and south, I brought off my command to this place, with some loss.

HUGH STIRLING,

Commanding.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Wilmington, Del., July 17, 1864.

[Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE:]

DEAR COLONEL: After the most unremitting labors by night and day in raising troops for the protection of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad and the line of the Susquehanna from Havre de Grace to Peach Bottom Ford I am informed that a few miserable busybodies, too cowardly to offer their own services, have assailed me most terribly for not disregarding the mustering regulations, and arming a mob of men without organization or cohesiveness, in order that those who preferred to remain at home might find a justification for their poltroonly conduct. My report of the operations here has gone on to the Adjutant-General, and I beg you will do me the favor to ask to have it placed before the Secretary of War as soon as convenient, as I am told a "committee" will ask for me removal.

Very truly, yours,

HENRY B. JUDD.

[Inclosure.]

The military commanders-Their disposition.

The following are of the official orders of Major Judd in relation to raising troops, appointing commanders, and disposing of the forces raised in such a manner as to render the most efficient service in affording protection, not only to the great artery of communication with the National Capital-the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad-but also to our State and city. Everything has been done under the circumstances that could possibly be expected, and reflects great credit upon the patriotism and loyalty of our people. The record we here make will long be cherished by the in actors in the scenes now transpiring around us as na evidence that in the hour of their country's peril they performed their duties as patriots and good citizens:

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER, Numbers 111. Wilmington, Del., July 10, 1864.

I. Under instructions from the general commanding First Lieutenant James Lewis, Veteran Reserve Corps, with as many convalescents

