
and effective men from the Veteran Reserve Corps, now at the U. S. General Hospital, as the surgeon in charge may deem fit for temporary duty, will immediately proceed to Havre de Grace and take post for the protection and preservation of the railroad crossings, the company steamer, and other property there. He will place himself in communication with the officer commanding the detachment of troops, if any there, and report from time to time by telegraph to these headquarters. Detailed instructions are herewith furnished him.

II. Captain Hugh Stirling will proceed with his company without delay to the Gunpowder bridge, on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad, and take post on the north side of the trestlework, for which purpose he will send patrols, constantly communicating with the force stationed on the south side of the bridge.

HENRY B. JUDD.,

Major, U. S. Army, Military Commander.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER, Numbers 112. Wilmington, Del., July 11, 1864.

Captain Thomas M. Culbert, with a detachment of ten mounted men of Company E, One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio National Guards, will proceed to Havre de Grace by way of Oxford, Conowingo bridge, Darlington, Bel Air, and report to the commanding officer t Haver de Grace for instructions.

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army, Military Commander.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER, Numbers 113. Wilmington, Del., July 11, 1864.

I. Captain T. C. Harris, U. S. Navy, will, until further orders, assume command of the naval and military forces at Havre de Grace. Company and detachment commanders at that station will report to and receive orders from him.

II. The companies of the Seventh Delaware Infantry, mustered into the service to-day, will proceed as early as practicable to Havre de Grace, where their captains will report to Captain T. C. Harris, U. S. Navy, at present in command of the naval and military forces at that station.

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army, Military Commander.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER, Numbers 114. Wilmington, Del., July 12, 1864.

I. The volunteer troops stationed at the Havre de Grace Ferry and at bridges, ferries, and fords above will, until otherwise ordered, be under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Edgar Hounsfield, Seventh Delaware Infantry.

II. Captain T. C. Harris, U. S. Navy, will command the detachment of soldiers and marines on duty there, and will co-operate with Lieutenant Colonel E. Hounsfield, and obey his orders.

III. Captain H. C. Robinett, First U. S. Infantry, will act as inspector to this command, and will be respected accordingly.

IV. Captain George V. Massey will, until able to join his proper command, be charged with the organization and equipment of the cavalry now being raised there.

