
rebels they made another stand and my regiment was ordered to the front in double-quick time, but before we arrived on the ground the rebels had again retired and offered no further resistance that day. We marched through Dublin and bivouacked for the night.

The casualties in this regiment during the engagement are as follows: Killed, 13; wounded, 62; total, 75.*

All of which I very respectfully submit.

D. D. JOHNSON,

Colonel.

Lieutenant W. B. NESBITT,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Dept. of W. Va.

P. S.- Two or three enlisted men were wounded in a skirmish on the 12th instant.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Horatio G. Sickel, Third Pennsylvania Reserves, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, CROOK'S DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,May 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from division headquarters of May 19, 1864, I have the honor to report:

The Third Brigade (infantry), composed of the Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves and Eleventh and Fifteenth Regiments West Virginia Volunteers, broke camp at Brownstown, Kanawha County, W. Va., April 30, 1864, and proceeded up the Kanawha River toward the Great Falls, making two marches to Montgomery's Ferry, bivouacking for the night at Paint Creek; reached the ferry at 3 p. m. May 1. Nothing of note transpired.

May 2, in accordance with previous orders, the brigade resumed its march at 7 a. m. on the road leading from Montgomery's Ferry to Fayetteville, in Fayette County, reaching and encamping at the latter place at 3. 30 p. m. A heavy rain-storm prevailed during the afternoon, making the roads very muddy, and rendering the march most fatiguing. Nothing further of interest transpired.

The augmentation of General Crook's infantry here took place to three brigades, the whole taking up the line of march, at 6.30 a. m. on the 3rd instant, southward, on the road leading to Raleigh Court-House, in Raleigh County, the Third Brigade, in column, preceded by the Second Brigade (Colonel White's) and the First Kentucky Battery, Captain Glassie, bivouacked for the night on upper Loup Creek. Nothing of interest took place during the march.

May 4, resumed march at 5 a. m., the Third Brigade in the advance; halted thirty minutes for dinner, and went into camp at 3 p. m., on Piney Creek, five minutes southwest of Raleigh Court-House. Nothing worthy of interest transpired during this day's march.

May 5, resumed march at 4.30 a. m., third Brigade, train and rear guard, posted in the following order: Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves in advance of train, Fifteenth Regiment Virginia Infantry distributed at intervals through the train. Eleventh Virginia rear guard. The train parked and the brigade encamped at

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 14.

---------------

