
asking the number of men under my command. I reported I had but thirty-two men, and they were almost worn out with constant watching, and that I thought something was going wrong near here, but I had not the men to investigate. About 3 o'clock this morning Captain [Stirling] arrived at the eastern end of bridge with a company of fifty-five men and immediately took command of that end of bridge. About 7 o'clock he sent to ask me if he could assist me in any way, having learned from my men that we were worn out. I replied that I should be much obliged if he would send ten men to stand picket while my men could rest. After taking them out myself, replacing on their posts, I laid down. At the time before starting I was awakened and informed that the train on other side of river had been captured and set on fire and started for the bridge. I immediately started for bridge and saw the train just coming on the other end on fire; upon going near to it I found the captain and his company in advance of the train coming toward me. With the assistance of two of my men and the captain, I succeeded in saving two cars, which we have removed to this side in safety. About 6 o'clock this morning the steamer Juniata came up the river and anchored 300 yards below bridge. She had no colors hoisted, neither did she communicate with the shore, which caused us to look on her with suspicion. About 8 o'clock she hoisted the Stars and Stripes, and at the time the bridge was being fired she steamed up a little nearer, but did not use her gun. I was undecided for a time whether to stay at my post with my little squad or take passage with the company on steamer, but have determined to hold my position, if I can, until I received orders.

R. PRICE,

Lieutenant Co. F, 159th Regiment Ohio National Guard.

Captain HENNISEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Major General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army, commanding northern defenses of Washington, of operations July 10-13.

DAYTON, OHIO, July 25, 1864.

Lieu. Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: Please find inclosed a hasty and succinct report of military operations in front of Washington, D. C., during the 10th, 11th, and 12th of July. The report is necessarily imperfect in detail, but it is deem sufficient as a matter of record.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

DAYTON, OHIO, July 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit a succinct report of the military operations in front of Washington, D. C., pending the advance upon it by a portion of the rebel army commanded by General Early.

