
The officers and soldiers of the Veteran Reserve Corps deserve great commendation for the prompt and zealous discharge of every duty in their power to perform. I would respectfully recommend that this corps be armed with the improved muskets. The Second Regiment District of Columbia Volunteers is also armed with the old muskets. A change is also recommended for them.

I regret that I cannot at this distant point recall the names of the commanders of detachments who reported to me, but I may hazard the remark, there never was before a command so heterogeneous, yet so orderly. The hale and hearty soldier, the invalid, the convalescent, the wounded, and the quartermaster's employees, side by side, each working with a singleness of purpose and willing to discharge and duty imposed upon him.

I am under obligations to the following officers, acting upon my staff, for untiring attention to duty: Colonel N. P. Chipman, aide-de-camp; Major S. B. Hayman, Tenth Infantry; Major Caleb Bats, aide-de-camp; Major R. T. Auchmuty, assistant adjutant-general; Major Hastings, Berdan Sharpshooters; Lieutenant Snow, Maine artillery; Lieutenant Welles, First Connecticut Cavalry; Captain Wells, assistant quartermaster.

The following recommendations are respectfully made: First. That a monthly inspection be made by a competent engineer officer of all the defenses around Washington; that the ground in front of them be well cleared and kept so. Second. That a proper supply of assorted small-arm ammunition be kept constantly stored in the respective forts upon the line.

all of which is respectfully submitted.

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Northern Defenses.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington.

Numbers 25. Report of Colonel Norton P. Chipman, Additional Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army, of status of the U. S. Forces July 12.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Stevens, July 12, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to your verbal order communicated to me last night, I have the honor to submit the following observations with regard to the status of the forces within the command of Major-General McCook:

Headquarters are located in rear of Fort Stevens. From the right of Stevens to Fort Totten, inclusive, the line is held by forces under command of Major-General McCook, as follows:

Provisional Brigade, Colonel Price (approximately)........... 2,800

Second District, Colonel Alexander (approximately)........... 550

12th Veteran Reserve, Colonel Farnsworth (approximately)..... 550

Quartermaster employees (approximately)....................... 1,800

Detachment of 7th Michigan Cavalry, Major Darling, operating

between Fort Stevens and Bladensburg, only portion under

General McCook's command..................................... 450

------

Total........................................................ 6,150

