
represent me as far as possible. I think the enemy would not have gotten so close to Fort Stevens if the picket-line had been strengthened as promptly as it was in the First Brigade upon the first appearance of the enemy's skirmishers. Upon personal application, I obtained a regiment from General McCook on Monday afternoon, after visiting Fort Slocum, to put out as a skirmish line, connecting with the Sixth Corps and reaching to the Eastern Branch. Before this nothing but a line of observation had been before that front. No report has as yet been received from Colonel Lowell, commanding the cavalry. The enemy fell back Tuesday night. They were promptly followed up the Rockville road by Colonel Lowell's cavalry.

Lists of killed and wounded are appended. Many wounded were sent at once into the city; it is very difficult to get accurate lists of them.

I have the honor to mention Colonel J. M. Warner, First Vermont Artillery, commanding First Brigade, for his coolness and perfect understanding of his position; also Colonel Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding the cavalry. The information given by him was always reliable. I am indebted to Colonel Gile, commanding First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps, and to the officers and men of that corps for our principal success.

I have the honor to mention my staff-Captain Chandler, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Markle, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Waterbury, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Carroll, Fifth U. S. Artillery, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Nesmith, assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant Hough, Ninth New York Artillery, ordnance officer; in so long a line, were kept almost constantly in the saddle and most cheerfully performed all duties required of them.

Reports of firing in action are herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. HARDIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF WASHINGTON,July 14, 1864.

Surg. R. O. ABBOTT, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of Washington:

I have the honor to submit the following list of casualties on the line of defenses north of the Potomac, from July 11 to 14, inclusive, belonging to Twenty-second Corps:

 Wounded.	 Killed.	 Total.

Monday, July 11, 1864.	 39	 6	 45

Tuesday, July 12, 1864.	 15	 5	 20

Wednesday, July 13, 1864.	 7	 1	 8

Total.	 61	 12	 73

ROBERT REYBURN,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., Surgeon-in-Chief, Hardin's Division.

