
5.30 p. m. on Camp Creek without accident. Some delay, however, was experienced during the march by obstacles in the road, which were promptly removed by the pioneer corps. No other object of note came to my notice.

May 6, resumed march at daylight, advancing on the road toward Princeton Court-House, Mercer County, Third Brigade second in the column, preceded by Colonel White's brigade and Captain Glassie's battery. Skirmishing was kept up all day between the advance guard and the enemy's pickets, who were driven back upon their works at princeton Court-House, and subsequently routed by Colonel White's command. The Third Brigade took no part in the skirmish. Encamped for the night near the enemy's works at Princeton.

May 7, resumed march at daylight, Third Brigade in advance. Considerable skirmishing was kept up all day between the retiring enemy and our advance guard, without casualty on our side. Colonel R. H. Woolworth, by direction of the general commanding, made a detour to the left of Rocky Gap, on Walker's Mountain, flanking the enemy, who was posted on a strong position south of the mountain, and commanding the gap. The enemy, however, perceived the movement in time to escape capture by hastily retiring south on the Dublin road. The movement was executed by Colonel Woolworth in good style and without loss. The brigade encamped at 4 p. m. south of Rocky Gap.

May 8, Third Brigade, train and rear guard, posted in the following order: Fifteenth Regiment Virginia in advance of train, Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves distributed along the train, the Eleventh Virginia, with one section of Captain Glassie's battery, brought up the rear. Some skirmishing occurred during this day's march between bushwhackers concealed in the surrounding hills and our train guard, in which the Third Pennsylvania Reserves killed a Captain Harman, the commanding of a notorious gang of bushwhackers frequenting Walker's and Brush Mountains. His commission, muster and pay rolls, and arms fell into our hands. No casualties on our side. We encamped at 8 p. m. on Back Creek, Brush Mountain, Dublin road.

May 9, column put in motion at 5 a. m., Colonel White's command in the advance, the Third Brigade second in line. Upon reaching the base of Cloyd's Mountain, the Third Pennsylvania Reserves and Eleventh Virginia Volunteers were temporarily detached from the brigade and directed to cross the mountain left of the Dublin road, supporting Colonel White's brigade, which had advanced in that direction. The Fifteenth Virginia and Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves advanced steadily up the mountain on the Dublin road until near the summit, when the advance was met by a shower of musketry from the enemy, who had two companies of infantry posted on an eminence commanding the road. I immediately dispatched Captain egan, of the Fifteenth Regiment Virginia, with his company to the right, up a small gorge, to gain their rear, while myself with the Fifteenth Virginia climbed a steep bluff to our right, and gained the road on the left of their position. The enemy, perceiving the movement, beat a hasty retreat down the south slope of the mountain and gained their works, situated behind a deep stream passing through the clearing at the base of the mountain. By this movement we intercepted a courier riding a very fine horse, whom we made prisoner, and severely wounded 2 others. Our loss was 1 man severely wounded.

