
Much credit is due to Captain John Norris, of Second Provisional Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, whom you assigned to me as chief of artillery; also to Colonel Gile, commanding brigade, and Captain Spear, commanding battery. In fact every officer and every man did his duty well. Captain Norris' report of the artillery practice will be forwarded to you without delay.*

The frequent changes of the forces have been the cause of no reports of casualties being furnished to me. That we punished the enemy severely there is no question.

I should have liked to have given you a more complete report, but my entire staff being on duty at brigade headquarters, and operations commencing the moment I took command, has made that impossible.

In conclusion, colonel, I am, with great regard,

JNO. M. C. MARBLE,

Colonel 151st Regiment Ohio National Guard,

Commanding Forts De Russy, Smead, and Kearny.

Colonel J. M. WARNER,

Commanding 1st Brigade, Hardin's Div., 22nd Army Corps.

FORT RENO, D. C., July 12, 1864.

COLONEL: We had quite a number of casualties to-day. The greatest number was caused by the attempt to take a barn i signaled you about yesterday. It has been filled with sharpshooters that have troubled our pickets a good deal. We opened on the building with the 100-pounder Parrott, hoping to knock it to pieces and burn it. Under our fire we had a company advance to take it. They were met by a much superior force and driven back with great loss proportionate to the number engaged. I will send you a full list of casualties as soon as ascertained. The building I speak of is about 1,700 yards distant, just over the crest of second ridge, and the most reliable information we can get leads us to think that they are aiming to plant a battery there. If so, it will trouble us a good deal. From the force they had at it and the promptness with which they sent re-enforcements (strong) they deemed it a very desirable point. We drove all their re-enforcements back. With your consent we will effectually shell the position and try and destroy the house, which I think quite desirable.

JNO. M. C. MARBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Colonel J. M. WARNER,

Commanding Brigade, Fort Reno, D. C.

Numbers 30. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Haskin, Additional Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the defense of Washington.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 18, 1864.

I have respectfully to make the following report of the military operations of the Second Brigade on the 11th and 12th instant:

On receiving the report of my cavalry pickets that the enemy was advancing toward Fort Stevens, about 11 a. m. of the 11th instant I

---------------

*See p. 238.

---------------

