
gave the necessary instructions to the commanding officer of that fort, Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Frazee, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard, to prepare the fort for action. I then proceeded to Fort Slocum, my headquarters, which was at once put in order to repel an attack. The company of cavalry under my command destroyed the two bridges north o Fort Slocum to prevent the enemy from using them to advance on our right. This company, under Captain Hotopp, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, did great service in front of the whole line of Second Brigade and particularly in obtaining information of the position of the enemy. The enemy made his appearance in front of Fort Stevens about 11.30 a. m. on the 11th and advanced a line of skirmishers about 1.30 p. m. nearly to Fort Stevens, when the first shot was fired from Fort Slocum. The enemy showed himself only in small bodies, which accounts for the few shots fired on both days.

On the afternoon of the 12th the enemy advanced on the Baltimore railroad to about three and a half miles from Fort Lincoln, as I am informed, but made no other demonstration on that line. On my arrival there about 6 p.m. I found General Gillmore making arrangements to receive them. A report of the firing from Forts Stevens and Slocum is herewith transmitted. Several of these shots took effect and scattered the enemy whenever they appeared in numbers. Two or three houses were burned from the effects of the shells, which drove out the sharpshooters concealed in them, who were harassing our troops.

For more particular information of the troops engaged in the garrisons, I respectfully refer to the reports of Colonel W. H. Hayward and Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Frazee, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard, and of J. N. Abbey, captain Second Pennsylvania Artillery, herewith inclosed.

To Colonel Hayward and the officers of his regiment in command of the forts east of Fort Slocum great credit is due for the good condition of their commands and their efficient service. To Lieutenant-Colonel Frazee and the officers and men under his command at Fort Stevens, to Captain Abbey, Second Pennsylvania Artillery, Captain Heine, Fourteenth Michigan Battery, and Captain Nevins, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard, stationed at Fort Slocum, great praise is due for their vigilance, coolness, and activity during the whole time the enemy was in sight. The garrisons of these forts were very small, and the additional of the sick and convalescent artillery soldiers added materially to their strength. But few shots were fired from the two forts, as will be seen from the reports. The strength of the garrison and surgeon's report of the casualties will be forwarded as soon as received.

I would respectfully call your attention to the good conduct of my acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant T. Goodwillie, and of my acting assistant inspector-general, George W. Tibbitts, both of One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard.

On the morning of the 13th the major-general commanding department directed me to report to him in person, at which time I received orders appointing me chief of artillery of the department, with instructions to inspect at once the defenses on the south side of the Potomac. This duty and the delay in receiving reports has prevented me from forwarding an earlier and fuller report.

J. A. HAKSIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Commanding.

Brigadier General H. D. HARDIN, Commanding Division.

