
Numbers 31. Report of Colonel William H. Hayward, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio Infantry, of the defense of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS 150TH OHIO NATIONAL GUARD,Fort Bunker Hill, July 17, 1864.

COLONEL: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Ohio National Guard in the engagements of July 11 and 12, in front of Forts Stevens and Slocum, D. C.

On the 8th instant I received information that the enemy were moving in the direction of Washington, and immediately commenced preparation for a vigorous defense of the forts from Eastern Branch to Fort Stevens, inclusive, which were garrisoned by my regiment. Trees were cut down, and the ground cleared of everything that could afford a shelter for sharpshooters.

On the 11th instant the enemy made their appearance near the Blair farm, on Seventh-street pike, and drove in our pickets. At that time the entire line from Seventh street to Blandersburg was picketed by men belonging to my regiment. At 11 a. m. Monday the pickets at posts 1 and 2 commenced skirmishing with the enemy's advance, but were obliged to retire, which was done in good order, disputing every inch of the ground, and giving ample time to alarm the garrisons at the forts. The pickets at posts 3 and 4 held their ground till the enemy deployed a line of skirmishers in front of Fort Stevens, and to the left of Seventh street, when they were compelled to retire, but joined the skirmishers sent out by Major-General McCook, remaining with them till late in the evening. The remainder of the picket-line was not disturbed. Company K, Captain Safford, was stationed at Fort Stevens, and did good work at the guns, showing that time had not been wasted in their artillery instruction. For a detailed account of the firing I refer you to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Frazee, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard, who commanded at that post.

Company G, Captain John Nevins, was stationed at Fort Slocum. They had charge of and worked the guns in the eastern angle of that fort. How they conducted themselves you had opportunities of judging, having been present most of the time. I also refer to report of Captain Abbey for statement of firing at Fort Slocum. The garrisons at the other forts took no active part in the engagement, but were at their posts ready and willing to do their duty in defense of the national capital and the old flag.

I have to report the loss of 1 man, William E. Leach, Company K, who was severely wounded on picket, and died the next evening.

W. H. HAYWARD,

Colonel 150th Ohio National Guard.

Colonel J. A. HASKIN, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John N. Frazee, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio Infantry, of the defense of Washington.

FORT STEVENS, D. C., July 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations against the enemy near Fort Stevens, D. C., on the 11th and 12th instant.

