
and two 30-pounder shell were fired at them in ravine back of Carbery's house, distance 1,200 yards, which exploded and caused them to retire.

The only casualty in the for was 1 surgeon wounded in leg (name not known).

The troops garrisoning the fort were composed of Company K, One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Ohio National Guard, 78 men, Captain A. A. Safford; Thirteenth Michigan Battery, 79 men, Captain Charles Dupont; 52 convalescents, commanded by Lieutenant Turner, of Company K, One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Ohio National Guard.

I am pleased to say that the promptness with which all orders were obeyed reflects credit on both officers and men of this command.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN N. FRAZEE,

Lieutenant Colonel 150th Regiment Ohio N. G., Commanding Fort Stevens.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. HASKIN,

Commanding Second Brigade, Hardin's Division.

Numbers 33. Report of Captain Joseph N. Abbey, Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, of the defense of Washington.

FORT SLOCUM, D. C., July 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations against the enemy near Fort Slocum, D. C., on the 12th instant:

About 6 a. m. the enemy appeared in corner of woods on Seventh street opposite Mr. Blair's house, about 3,200 yards in front of this fort, when we fired eleven rounds of 4 1/2-inch Schenkl percussion-shell, which caused the enemy to scatter and retire to the woods. Secondly, a small force of cavalry made their appearance on point of hill near Seventh street about 8 o'clock, when we again opened fire on them, firing seven rounds of 4 1/2-inch Schenkl percussion-shell, which caused the enemy to scatter, some of them taking refuge in some buildings close by. Thirdly, we opened on Mr. Bramer's house, a distance of about 3,000 yards, where the enemy's sharpshooters were strongly posted, and greatly annoying our line of skirmishers. We fired twelve rounds of 4 1/2-inch Schenkl percussion-shell, from which I afterward learned that eight had penetrated the building, and the balance exploding in the vicinity, which completely dislodged the enemy from the house, when they took refuge in a barn some distance to the right of the house; when we fired four shots at the barn, two of them taking effect in the building, the other two exploding close by, when the enemy moved to a cluster of trees a short distance from the barn. We again opened on them and fired three shots, which caused them to retire out of range of our guns. About 6 p. m. I observed the enemy advancing out of the woods at a distance of 3,500 yards in line of battle column closed in mass, when I opened fire on them with 4 1/2-inch Schenkl percussion-shell, firing sixteen rounds, causing the enemy to retire under cover of the woods. On account of the enemy advancing in close column, and the accuracy of our fire, I have every reason to

