
believe that they must have lost considerable of their numbers, three of our guns having an enfilade fire on them. I ordered the firing to cease about 8 p. m., as there appeared to be only a skirmish line of the enemy in our front, and our skirmish line advanced so close to that of the enemy that it prevented further artillery firing.

Total number of rounds fired July 12, 1864, fifty-three.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JOS. N. ABBEY,

Captain in charge of Artillery.

Lieutenant GOODWILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Captain A. Levi Wells, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, of operations July 9-10.

[JULY 10, 1864.]

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday I was cut off from the army below the Monocacy Junction with one squadron of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and was forced to fall back by way of Sugar Loaf Mountain. I marched to Barnesville, thence across the country until I struck the Washington and Frederick road with the intention of joining the army by that road, but found it held by a large force of the enemy near Hyattstown.

To-day I reached Rockville, intending to march to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at some point, but at Rockville I fell in with Major Fry, of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, in command of a detachment from Camp Stoneman, 500 strong, who requested me to countermarch, as he was in hopes of opening communication with the army. He unfortunately has not been successful, and has fallen back to a short distance this side of Rockville, which position, he thinks, he can hold distance this side of Rockville, which position, he thinks, he can hold until re-enforcements come forward.

I myself am quite unwell, and men and horses are very much fatigued.

Inasmuch as I am unable to report to the regiment, I have the honor to submit the above report for your consideration, and ask for further instructions.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

A. L. WELLS,

Captain, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

Major-General AUGUR.

Numbers 35. Report of Major William H. Fry, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Provisional Cavalry Regiment, of operations July 9-23.

CAMP STONEMAN, July 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that pursuant to verbal instructions from Major General C. C. Augur, received 9 p. m. July 9, 1864, I marched from Washington through Tennallytown and encamped for the night at a small stream called Falls Run.

