
July 10, I organized my command of 500 men into five squadrons, placing one officer with each. The column then pushed forward, passing through Rockville at 11 a. m. In that town I found Captain Well's squadron, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, that had been cut off from their regiment in the previous day's fight on the Monocacy. About three miles from Rockville, ont he Frederick road, at a small village known as Gerrardsville, my advance guard met the advance of the rebels. Skirmishing commenced at once, and upon riding to the skirmish line I could distinctly see a long column of cavalry moving along the road. I withdrew gradually through Rockville and took a position about a mile from town, on a hill, and dismounted my men and formed a skirmish line, which was held for an hour, when the enemy got a battery in position and shelled my command so well that I was forced to retire. After a severe days' work I dismounted the men at midnight and let them rest, but did not unsaddle nor permit the horses to leave the line.

July 11, at daylight, I started the command in the direction of Rockville, but before reaching Old Tavern I was overtaken by Colonel Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, with two squadrons of his regiment. He immediately assumed command of the whole force, and in the vicinity of Old Tavern the enemy were again found to be advancing in force. We fell back, skirmishing constantly, until within two miles of Tennallytown, where a dismounted skirmish line was formed and held, the enemy never succeeding in driving us away.

July 12, on the skirmish line all day in front of Fort Reno.

July 13, moved forward to Rockville, Second Massachusetts Cavalry charging the place, and being overpowered were driven back.

July 14, occupied Rockville and pushed on to Poolesville, having a sharp skirmish and driving the enemy through the town and across the river at Conrad's Ferry.

July 15, crossed the Potomac at Young's Island Ferry. Upon rising the crest of the hill were saluted with a few shells from a battery near the mouth of Goose Creek. Encamped on Young's Island.

July 16, crossed into Virginia and acted in connection with General Ricketts' division (Third), Sixth Corps.

July 17, moved to Philomont, guarding the rear of the army.

July 18, moved to Bloomfield, to guard the left flank of the army while passing Snicker's Cap.

July 19, on picket at Bloomfield.

July 20, relieved from picket and marched through Snicker's Gap across the Shenandoah to Chapel Run, and at 9 p. m. recrossed the river and went into camp at Snickersville.

July 21, brought up the rear of the army and camped at midnight near Difficult Creek.

July 23, crossed Chain Bridge and returned to Camp Stoneman.

The foregoing is a detailed account of the campaign of my command since leaving Camp Stoneman. I have drawn but five days' rations of hard bread and three of meat. The horses have been saddled nearly every night, and frequently the whole command would be on duty at the same time. Considering the nature of the command and the small proportion of officers it behaved well. In the first day's fight Lieutenant Fox was wounded and in the second Captain Plum. Lieutenant Parker complained of a pain in his

