
back and was sent to the rear, leaving me with but three officers, Lieutenants Bacon, Burrowns, and Neville, who were constantly at work and afforded me all the aid in their power.

Trusting that this report will meet with your favorable consideration, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRY,

Major Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 36. Reports of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, of the pursuit of the Confederate forces, July 12-14.

TENNALLYTOWN, July 12, 1864.

I have the honor to report that I moved out with four companies on the River road as far as the outer infantry pickets. Sent one company up the road toward Offutt's Cross-Roads. They went within two miles of the cross-roads and returned. Neither cavalry nor infantry has passed that road from north to south. A company had previously been sent up Aqueduct road, with orders to return through the cross-roads. It is not time for this party yet to report. A citizen from Rockville this a. m. reported nothing from there. I did not myself see him. By small parties I had learned that the rebel force did not extend far up the pike. I therefore moved cross north from River road, and, dismounting three companies, turned the enemy's right flank. We drove them back about one and a half miles from their position on the extreme right, and Lieutenant-Colonel Crowninshield moved them at same time about one mile up the Rockville pike. A prisoner reports the force on the Rockville pike to be only McCausland's cavalry brigade, of Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-second Virginia Cavalry. The band was that of the Fourteenth. He knows of no infantry on that road. they have, I presume, a battery, but have only shown one or perhaps two guns. I left orders to hold the new position two hours, and then occupy the old infantry picket-line, which we yesterday lost, at posts 14 and 15.

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Brigadier-General HARDIN.

INFANTRY PICKET, July 12, 1864-9.45 a. m.

COLONEL: I have halted at the infantry picket, sending a company toward Offutt's Cross-Roads, or rather to the right of that point a little. I am confident neither cavalry nor infantry have crossed the River road unless within two miles of Offutt's Cross-Roads. The company which has gone up the Aqueduct road will communicate with the cross-roads and with my party on the right, if possible. At a point three-fourths of a mile due north of here have found where some squadrons of cavalry encamped last night apparently, and then

