
tion camps of the Department of Washington. It was placed in reserve and bivouacked in rear of Fort Slocum in the center of the line. The garrison of the two forts, Slocum and Totten, were a separate command, under Colonel Haskin, U. S. Army, and though at first ordered to report to me the order was soon afterward revoked. Finding, however, that the garrison of Fort Slocum was not as strong as it should be, I ordered Colonel Price, then commanding the Provisional Brigade, to ascertain the number of artillerymen in his command and to send them to report to Colonel Haskin at Fort Slocum. The garrison thus received a re-enforcement of 105 trained artillerists.

The division thus organized on the morning of the 12th July, had an effective strength present for duty of 4,914 men and officers with one section of light artillery, which was placed in one of the trenches on the left.

During the 12th the enemy made their appearance in front of Fort Stevens, and a portion of the command, which had been placed on the skirmish or picket-line, was engaged.

But two casualties have been reported to me among civilians of the Quartermaster's Department. A battalion of three companies of quartermaster's men of the depot of Washington had moved out to Fort Stevens under orders from Major-General Augur only on the 11th, and a portion of these were engaged in the skirmish in front of Fort Stevens on the 12th. John Rynders, a member of Company B, was slightly wounded in the arm, and a former employe of the Quartermaster's Department, who accompanied Company B as a volunteer, was shot through the body and almost instantly killed. He was buried with the others who fell in the skirmish, and I regret that I have not yet been able to ascertain his name; when found it will be placed upon his grave, now marked "unknown," in the cemetery set apart by order of the Secretary of War for those who fell in the defense of the capital on the 12th July.

Four hundred men were detached from the command on the 12th to be placed on the picket-line by staff officers of Major-General McCook. The Twelfth Veteran Reserve and the Second District Columbia were relieved from duty in the trenches about 4 p. m. of the 12th July, by two regiments of the Provisional Brigade, and were themselves placed in the reserve until about 9 p. m., at which time, under instructions from General McCook, they were ordered to march to Fort Saratoga to report to Major-General Gillmore, who has asked for re-enforcements, and were encamped for the night near Fort Thayer, where they remained during the 13th. On the 14th these two regiments, by order of Major-General McCook, returned to my command. The forces of this division had been hastily organized and sent to the field in an emergency and without baggage. They were supplied during the 12th and 13th with shelter-tents, blankets, and such equipage as was necessary to their comfort and health while on duty in the trenches.

On the 14th, under orders from Major-General Augur, the enemy having retired from the front, the quartermaster's men were relieved from duty in the trenches, and I turned over the command of the remainder of the division to Brigadier-General Paine, and directed General Rucker to march the civilians to Washington and return them to their regular duties, but to keep up their military organization and drill.

Major Darling, of the Seventh Michigan Cavalry, commanding cavalry outpost, with a force of about 400 cavalry, operated in front

