
bridge, where the enemy was found posted behind formidable works of earth. My advance guard, consisting of Captain Meyers' company, Eleventh Regiment Virginia Infantry, and Captain Egan's company, of the Fifteenth Regiment Virginia Infantry, soon drove in their outposts, when our artillery was brought into position. A fierce artillery engagement ensued, out forces driving the enemy at every point. The Third Brigade was posted in the following order: First, Company B of the Eleventh Virginia and Company B of the Fifteenth Virginia Regiments were thrown forward as skirmishers, who advanced to the bridge and fired it; one company of the eleventh Virginia and two of the Fifteenth Virginia, supporting a section of McMullin's battery west of the railroad, the Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves, supporting battery east of the railroad, one company of the Eleventh Virginia, and seven companies of the Fifteenth Virginia, with the Third Pennsylvania Reserves, parallel with the river. At 11.30 a. m. the line was ordered to the river bank, which was done in a most satisfactory manner, driving the enemy from his position; two large siege guns, a new caisson, a large amount of ammunition and commissary stores falling into our hands, all of which were destroyed for want of transportation. Our casualties on this engagement consisted of 2 commissioned officers wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 10 wounded. At 1 p. m. we marched to Pepper's Ferry, crossed New River, and encamped for the night.

May 11, march resumed at 5 a. m. on the road toward Blacksburg, Montgomery County, Third Brigade, train and rear guard, encamped at 12 m. at Blacksburg. A drenching rain prevailed all the morning.

May 12, resumed march at 5 a. m. toward Newport, in Greenbrier County, and Salt Pond Mountain road, Third Brigade second in column, Colonel White's brigade in the advance; skirmishing kept up all the morning. In crossing Walker's Mountain, near Newport, a small force of the enemy, commanded by Colonel French, was discovered on our left, commanding the road at the base of the mountain near the village of Newport. By direction of the general commanding I moved my brigade to the left of the road, passing through a deep ravine, with a view of gaining their right and rear. As we approached their lines, my skirmishers fired one volley on them, when they broke to the rear, retreating on the New River Narrows road. Their knapsacks, blankets, camp and garrison equipage, with a considerable amount of commissary stores, fell into our hands, all of which were destroyed by my troops. The Eleventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers was posted in a strong position on the Narrows road about a half mile from the village, to guard against any attack on our trains. They remained in that position until the wagons had all passed the junction of the two roads, when they followed as a rear guard to camp on Salt Pond Mountain, where we bivouacked for the night. A heavy rain-storm prevailed the greater part of the day. No casualties.

May 13, resumed march at 4.30 a. m. on the road toward Union, Third Brigade in the advance. At 11 a. m., while ascending the south slope of Peter's Mountain, we came upon the enemy's provision train, and one brass 12-pounder piece of artillery, guarded by a small escort, which, after a sharp skirmish with our advance guard, retreated, leaving in our hands 1 piece of artillery, 11 wagons and ambulances, some commissary stores, and a large amount of ammunition, together with a quantity of artificers' tools, which were destroyed. I directed Colonel Frost, with the Eleventh Vir-

