
The companies remained on duty from Monday, the 11th, until Wednesday morning, the 13th instant, when they were relieved by a battalion of the clerks from the War Department; Thursday morning, the 14th instant, the office battalion again went on guard and so remained until Saturday evening, the 16th instant.

On the occasions of my visiting the guards and sentinels, I found them vigilant and generally well instructed. The company commanders and the men generally were zealous and highly ambitious to perform their duties in a military manner, and although the duty they had been called upon to perform was of less interesting character though equally laborious than that at the front, it gives me great pleasure to bear testimony to the good conduct of these companies, and to express the opinion that they can be relied upon with perfect confidence for the efficient performance of any military duty commensurate with their numerical strength.

While I have pleasure in reporting the praiseworthy conduct of the greater number, it is also my duty to bring to your notice the fact of several of the clerks having absented themselves during the time that their comrades were on military duty. These persons have been called upon for explanatory reports, which will be forwarded to you when received.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. DANA,

Captain and A. Q. M., U. S. Army, Commanding Office Batt., Q. M. D.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elias M. Greene, Chief Quartermaster Twenty-second Army Corps, of the defense of Washington.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Washington, D. C., July 20, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the military organization and operations of the quartermaster's employees under my immediate command during the late invasion:

About 1 a. m. on the 11th instant I was instructed by Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington, to proceed without delay to organize my employees for military duty. I at once called into action every facility at my disposal, and in a few hours my employees were organized, equipped, and ready for active military duty. The same morning at 7 o'clock the following organization of employees north of Potomac reported for duty to General McCook's headquarters, at Fort Stevens, three miles north of Washington City: List of acting officers and non-commissioned officers and privates of a battalion of Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Greene's regiment, quartermaster employees; W. H. Bright, major. Company A--John Dean, captain; Charles Valbing, second lieutenant; J. G. Anthony, first sergeant; R. Kellett, W. Ault, C. Edwards, A. Perkins, sergeants, J. Loring, P. Mehan, corporals, and sixty-four privates. Company B--Samuel Rabbitt, captain; Daniel Donaldson, first lieu-

