
tenant; C. Kelly, first sergeant; W. Wright, Samuel Handy, sergeants; Charles Kelly, A. Caley, F. Hill, J. H. Sullivan, corporals, and sixty-four privates. Company C--John Armstrong, captain; J. F. Rabbitt, first lieutenant; T. Scidmore, first sergeant; A. Laude, James Davis, sergeants; C. McGinnis, J. Schaffer, George Sandis, William Paulton, corporals, and sixty-four privates.

At 11 o'clock of the same morning, July 11, this force was assigned to duty in the intrenchments between Forts Stevens and Slocum, with orders to hold these works against the enemy at all hazards. At sunset of the same day this battalion was detailed for guard in said works and divided into thee reliefs, A Company taking the first relief, from 9 until 11 o'clock; the other companies from 11 to 1 and from 1 till 3 o'clock, respectively. The companies not on post were ordered to lay on their arms. At 3 o'clock, when the last company was relieved off post, their position was changed to the left of the branch near Fort Stevens and nearer the skirmish line. This position they occupied until 3 p. m. of the same day, July 12, when they were ordered to report to General Rucker. The commanders of companies B and C misunderstanding the order, reported to General Rucker at his headquarters in this city, but Company A reported to the general at his headquarters ont eh field, and were retained on duty until the organization was disbanded on Wednesday, the 13th of July instant, when they returned to their usual duties in the department.

My employees south of the Potomac were promptly organized on the receipt of instructions from me, and were also actively engaged in performing military duty in the defense and protection of the Government stores at Alexandria and in that vicinity. They were

organized as follows, viz: T. W. Burton, acting as major; Charles King to act as senior captain of a battalion. Company A--C. T. Hawkins to act as first lieutenant; John Devlin to act as second lieutenant; T. Morris to act as first sergeant; J. Corniff and William Gill to act as corporals, and sixty-four privates, teamsters and laborers (white men). Company B--Charles E. Peterman, to act as first lieutenant; J. Yates, D. Sepwin, E. Lawson, M. McCauley, John Cole, and seventy-five privates (colored teamsters, &amp;c.). Company C--D. Stone, to act as first lieutenant; J. McGahey, to act as second lieutenant; J. Howard, to act as first sergeant; James Grace and F. Corson, to act as corporals, and seventy-five privates (colored teamsters, &c.). Company D--H. W. Parker, to act as first lieutenant; M. Laycock, to act as second lieutenant; Amos Shank, to act as first sergeant; R. Latrielle, to act sergeant; P. McKenny, and R. Paul, to act as corporals, and forty privates (colored teamsters, &c.). Company E--D. Dufficks, to act as first lieutenant; R. S. Donaldson, to act as second lieutenant; E. L. Peterman, to act as sergeant, and seventy-two privates (colored teamsters, &c.). Company F--D. Frazier, to act as first lieutenant; Jacob Johnson, to act as second lieutenant; E. Campbell, to act as sergeant, and seventy-two privates (colored teamsters, &c.).

At the request of General Slough, military governor of Alexandria, Va., and in obedience to my orders, on the 12th instant Companies E and F, composed of 150 men, were detached and placed on picket duty around Alexandria, under the immediate command of Colonel Browne, of General Slough's command. Companies A, B, C, and D were kept as a reserve at the wood-yard for the defense of the public property for which I am responsible. By my direction,

