
port-holes were cut in the stables and stockade work and everything prepared for strong defensive operations. The men were also instructed in the manual of arms twice daily, and strict order and rigid military discipline existed until Sunday, the 17th instant, when General Slough issued an order informing all concerned that the excitement and immediate danger had passed, and expressive of this thanks for their prompt response to his call, and to co-operation and aid of the quartermaster's employees during the threatened invasion. A copy of said order is inclosed herewith, marked A.

I beg leave to state, in conclusion, that my men all acquitted themselves in a very creditable manner, and from the spirit they evinced and their prompt and cheerful compliance with orders received, I have no doubt they would have done good service if the emergency had arisen.

I have only 2 casualties to report, both of which occurred in the skirmish of Tuesday morning, the 12th instant, near Fort Stevens. John Rynders, a member of Company B, was wounded slightly in the arm and a former employe, name not ascertained, who volunteered to join Company B on its way to the scene of action,w as allowed to do so, and was shot through the body and almost instantly killed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS M. GREENE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of Washington.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

A.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY GOVERNOR, Numbers 29. Alexandria, Va., July 17, 1864.

I. The necessity of vigilance of the troops of this command having in a measure passed, they will not be required to bivouac on the line of defenses any longer for the present. They will be expected to exercise vigilance in their camps and placed of rendezvous and be fully prepared for defense in case of attack.

II. The general commanding desires to tender his thanks to the troops of his command, the armed employees of the quartermaster's department, and Acting Master Nickerson, and the men of the mortar-boat Victor Hugo, for their co-operation and prompt response to his call for their aid in the defense of Alexandria.

By command of Brigadier-General Slough:

W. M. GWYNNE,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William O. Drew, Second District of Columbia Infantry, of the defense of Washington.
HDQRS. SECOND Regiment DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA VOLS.,Camp near Fort Slocum, D. C., July 23, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 9, dated headquarters Northeast Defenses of Washington, D. C., Fort Lincoln, July

