
11, 1864, I have the honor to forward the military history and operations of the Second Regiment District of Columbia Volunteers, commanded by Colonel C. M. Alexander.

On the 10th instant we received orders to strike tents at Edsall Station, Va., where we were then stationed, and report to Major General C. C. Augur. Having reported, the regiment was ordered to report to Major-General McCook, commanding reserve camp near Fort Stevens, D. C.

We arrived there about 9 a. m. on the 11th instant, and about 11 p. m. we manned the breast-works and rifle-pits on the right of Fort Stevens. At 1 p. m. of the same date a detail of 100 men was sent out as skirmishers, and at sunset they were relieved by a portion of the Sixth Army Corps.

On the 12th instant, about 4 p. m., we were relieved by the Second Provisional Regiment, and were ordered to move to the rear of Fort Slocum. The regiment laid there until 9.30 p. m., when we were ordered to report to Major-General Gillmore at Fort Saratoga. We encamped for the night near Fort Thayer.

On the morning of the 14th instant we were ordered to report to Brigadier-General Paine at Fort Slocum. At that time Colonel Alexander was placed in command of the First Provisional brigade and the command devolved on Lieutenant Colonel William O. Drew.

On the 15th instant Colonel Farnsworth, then commanding Second Reserve Brigade, was ordered to report for duty at Alexandria, Va., and the command of the brigade was on Lieutenant Colonel William O. Drew, and from that date the regiment was and is commanded by Captain William F. Steele. Although the skirmishing was very brisk there have been no casualties to our knowledge. the whole regiment signified their willingness to take position in the skirmish line, but owing to short range and inferior kind of arm the commanding general deemed it inexpedient for them to expose themselves unnecessarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. O. DREW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS.

Numbers 42. Reports of Major General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps, &amp;c., of operations July 11-28.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., July 11, 1864.

General C. C. AUGUR:

Major Whittier has just given me the within. Please write me instructions on the subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Please say to the general that I do not consider it advisable to make any advance until our lines are better established, perhaps to-morrow.

C. C. AUGUR.

