
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Stevens, July 11, 1864--4.10 p. m.

The head of my column has nearly reached the front, and at the suggestion of Major-General McCook I have directed them to bivouac at Crystal Spring, about half a mile in rear. The enemy has been close to Fort Stevens, and, although driven back, is still not far distant. I believe it to be only a very light skirmish line, and with your permission will send a brigade out against it and try to clean it out. General McCook's men are not as good as mine for this purpose. It seems from what I learn from General McCook that the line from the Potomac to the Eastern Branch is under the command of Colonels Warner and Haskin, while he commands the whole. I therefore hold myself in reserve, subject to General McCook's orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department.

FORT RENO, D. C., July 13, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Your dispatch received.* The head of my column is passing this point, and will be pushed forward to the limits of the endurance of the men. Before leaving I ordered up the portion of the Nineteenth Corps present. Should more arrive they will be directed to follow, with such artillery as they may need, and can be supplied from the Department of Washington. I have taken only what artillery I have--five, possibly six, batteries.

Since writing the above I have received your dispatch by messenger, with copy of letter from Lieutenant-General Grant to Colonel Townsend.* I can assure yourself and the President that there will be no delay on my part of head off the enemy, and that the men I have will do all that the number of men can do. They have been well tried and never found wanting.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Offutt's Cross-Roads, Md., July 13, 1864--7.30 p. m.

(Received 10.35 p. m.)

I reached this point with the cavalry about an hour ago without incident, and the head of the infantry column is nearly up. I shall camp here for the night, and, unless the reports from the cavalry shall occasion a change, I shall move for Edwards Ferry at 4.30

---------------

*See Correspondence, etc., Part II.

---------------

