HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Monocacy, near Frederick, Md., July 28, 1864--9 a. m.

(Received 10 a. m.)

I have reached this point with my command, and have been instructed by General Hunter to await orders, unless induced to move by threatened movements of the enemy. Cavalry reports everything quiet on this side of the Potomac, and no movements of the enemy to be discovered on the other east of the Blue Ridge.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 43. Itinerary of the Sixth Army Corps, Major General H. G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding, July 1-August 3.*

July 1.-Camp near Warwick Swamp.

July 2.-Returned to original position on left of the line, near Petersburg.

July 6.-Third Division marched at daylight to City Point and embarked for Baltimore.

July 10.-First and Second Divisions embarked at City Point for Washington.

July 11.-Portion of Second Division landed and marched to Fort Stevens.

July 12.-Balance of Second Division arrived in the morning; skirmishing in the evening near Fort Stevens.

July 13.-Moved in the afternoon to Offutt's Cross-Roads.

July 14.-Marched to Poolesville.

July 16.-Marched to Leesburg.

July 17.-Third Division rejoined.

July 18.-Marched to Snicker's Ford; engagement of two batteries with the enemy in conjunction with the troops of General Crook's command.

July 20.-Crossed Shenandoah to vicinity of Berryville; afternoon marched back through Leesburg, reaching Goose Creek at noon of 21st.

July 22.-Moved from Goose Creek to vicinity of Difficult Run.

July 23.-Marched across Chain Bridge to vicinity of Tennallytown.

July 26.-Moved to Rockville.

July 27.-Moved at Hyattstown.

July 28.-Moved to Monocacy Junction; thence to vicinity of Jefferson.

July 29.-Crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry and encamped near Hyattstown [Halltown].

July 30.-Recrossed Potomac at Harper's Ferry; marched during the night, and encamped near Jefferson at noon of 31st.

August 1 and 2.-In Camp at Frederick, Md.

August 3.-Moved by way of Slabtown and Buckeystown across the Monocacy and encamped on the bank, where the corps remained until the night of the 5th, when it moved to Monocacy Junction.

---------------

*From returns of commands indicated for July and August, 1864.

---------------

