
July 18.-Moved again, crossing the mountains at Snicker's Gap; came up with the enemy on the bank of the Shenandoah; brigade on picket; so remained until the 20th.

July 20.-With the rest of the corps it forded the Shenandoah and marched to within two miles of Berryville. That night commenced the return march to Washington; continued the march all night and the next day.

July 21.-Reached Goose Creek in the evening, when the command bivouacked for the night.

July 22.-Moved again as far as Peach Grove Post-Office.

July 23.-Crossed the Potomac at Chain Bridge and encamped in rear of Fort Gaines.

July 26.-Moved again to four miles beyond Rockville, where the command halted for the night.

July 27.-Marched to Hyattstown.

July 28.-Marched to Jefferson, fording the Monocacy.

July 29.-Marched to Halltown, crossing the Potomac on the pontoon bridge at Harper's Ferry.

July 30.-Recrossed the Potomac at the same point and marched to Petersville.

July 31.-Continued the march to Frederick City.

Distance marched during the month, about 239 miles.

SECOND DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Brigadier General GEORGE W. GETTY.

July 1.-Marched from Reams' Station back to old camp near Jerusalem plank road.

July 9.-Marched at 9 p. m. to City Point.

July 10.-Embarked at 11 a. m. for Washington.

July 11.-Disembarked at Washington and took position in rear of Fort Stevens; First Brigade engaged the enemy.

July 12.-First and Third Brigades attacked the rebel position; charged and drove them.

July 13.-Marched at 8 p. m. to Offutt's Cross-Roads.

July 14.-Marched to near Poolesville, thirty-five miles in twenty-four hours.

July 16.-Crossed at White's Ford and marched to Leesburg.

July 18.-Moved to Snicker's Gap and supported General Hunter.

July 20.-Crossed the Shenandoah at 9 a. m.; recrossed at 8 p. m. and marched to Goose Creek.

July 21.-Reached Goose Creek at 4 p. m.

July 22.-Marched to near Freedom Hill, near Lewinsville.

July 23.-Marched to and crossed Chain Bridge.

July 26.-Marched to Rockville, Md.

July 27.-Marched to Hyattstown.

July 28.-Marched to Monocacy, near Frederick, and thence to Jefferson.

July 29.-Marched through Harper's Ferry to Bolivar Heights.

July 30.-Marched to Petersville.

July 31.-Marched to near Frederick, Md.

FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Brigadier General FRANK WHEATON.

July 1.-Camped on the Jerusalem plank road, south of Petersburg and extreme left of Army of the Potomac.

