
THIRD DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Brigadier General JAMES B. RICKETTS.*

July 18.-Reached Snicker's Gap at sundown; encamped on west side at foot of the mountain.

July 20.-Crossed the Shenandoah River and advanced to near Berryville; in the evening recrossed the river and continued the march in the direction of Washington.

July 21.-Encamped at Goose Creek at 4 p. m.

July 22.-Continued the march and encamped on east side of Difficult Run at 7 p. m.

July 23.-Crossed the Potomac at Chain Bridge at 11 a. m. and encamped near Tennallytown, D. C.

July 26.-Marched at 8 a. m. and encamped near Rockville for the night.

July 27.-Marched to Hyattstown; encamped at 4 p. m.

July 28.-Marched to Monocacy Junction at 4 p. m.; resumed the march at 10 p. m.; encamped at Jefferson.

July 29.-Reached Harper's Ferry at 3 p. m. and encamped near Halltown, W. Va.

July 30.-At 4 p. m. resumed the march, which was continued all night in direction of Frederick City, Md.

July 31.-At 3 p. m. went into camp near Prospect Hill, one and a half miles from Frederick City, Md.

SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Colonel JOHN F. STAUNTON, SIXTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA INFANTRY.

July 1.-Lay in camp near Jerusalem plank road, three miles from Williams' house, during the day and night.

July 2.-Marched to the Williams house, near our former camp.

July 3 to 5.-Nothing of moment occurred.

July 6.-Broke camp at 5 a. m. and marched to City Point, where we embarked on transports for Baltimore. The Third Division only was included in this movement.

July 8.-At 12 m. the greater part of the brigade had disembarked in Baltimore and were conveyed by cars to Frederick Junction, Md., as rapidly as possible.

July 9.-We took position near the Junction. Skirmishing with the enemy commenced at 8 a. m. The brigade became generally engaged at 2 p. m. The conflict was fierce and bloody, but at 3 p. m., the enemy having turned our left flank by force of superior numbers, the brigade received orders to retreat, which was done in good order. Continuing the retreat, we reached Frederick and Baltimore pike and proceeded toward Baltimore. At New Market were joined by the Sixth Maryland, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, and part of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, which had been delayed by the slowness of the transports. We halted for the night near Ridgeville.

July 10 to 13.-We continued our march; halted one day at Ellicott's Mills; took cars for Baltimore; encamped near Camp Carroll; moved from thence to Druid Hill Park.

July 14.-Took cars and went to Washington; encamped near the depot.

---------------

*For record from July 1 to 17, see p. 204.

---------------

