
July 15.-Left the city at 8 a. m.; marched through Georgetown and Tennallytown.

July 16 and 17.-Continued the march, crossing the Potomac, passing through Leesburg, and joined the corps at Catoctin Mountain.

July 18.-Proceeded on and crossed Blue Ridge at Snicker's Gap; encamped on the east bank of the Shenandoah.

July 20.-Crossed the River and marched three miles on Winchester road and were ordered to retrace our steps; marched all night and recrossed the mountain.

July 20 to 23.-Continued the march and finally encamped near Tennallytown, D. C.

July 27.-Broke camp and took up line of march, passing through Rockville.

July 28.-Continued the march to Jefferson, near the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

July 29.-Marched across the Potomac and encamped near Halltown.

July 30.-Recrossed the Potomac and marched all night.

July 31.-Continued the march to Frederick City, where we encamped.

Numbers 44. Report of Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, of operations July 11-12.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

MAJOR:*

In this connection, I desire to report the part taken by my command and the Third Brigade, of this division, in the operations around Fort Stevens, Washington, D. C., July 11 and 12, and of which no report has been called for:

Upon arrival at Washington, July 11 at 12 m., I was directed by General Wright to move forward Chain Bridge. While marching up Pennsylvania avenue, in compliance with the instructions of the corps commander, I was halted by Colonel Taylor, chief of staff, Department of Washington, and informed by him that the enemy was driving in our picket-line and seriously threatening Fort Stevens on Seventh street, and received through him General Augur's instructions to march at once in that direction instead of Chain Bridge, as first ordered. I turned my brigade up Eleventh street, and while on the march to Fort Stevens was passed by General Wright, commanding the corps, and received his verbal instructions to mass near Crystal Spring, in the neighborhood of Fort Stevens, where we arrived at 4 o'clock in the p. m.

At 5 p. m. the force outside of Fort Stevens, consisting of a portion of the Veteran Reserve Corps, War Department clerks, and citizen volunteers, were driven in toward the fort by a portion of the enemy's forces under Early. At the same time I was ordered to

---------------

*For portion of this report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 10, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 681, and Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

