
quire more troops, and two regiments were sent for. Before their arrival, however (the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Montague, and Second Rhode Island, Captain E. H. Rhodes), an aide-de-camp from General Wright directed me not to attempt more than the holding of the position I had gained, as the object of the attack had been accomplished, and the important points captured and held.

This whole attack was as gallant as it was successful, and the troops never evinced more energy and determination. The losses were very severe, the brave Colonel Bidwell losing many of his most valuable regimental commanders.

The following are the casualties among officers and enlisted men of the First and Third Brigades:*

Severely wounded: Colonel J. F. Ballier, Lieutenant William Wilson, Captain Martin Hammer, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Assistant Surgeon Crawford, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major J. W. Crosby, Sixty-first Pennsylvania; Captain Davis Cossitt, One hundred and twenty-second New York; Captain George H. Baker, Seventh Maine Veterans. Killed: Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Visscher, Forty-third New York; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Johnson, Forty-ninth New York; Major James P. Jones, First Lieutenant John E. Bailey, Seventh Maine; First Lieutenant David E. Lambert, jr., Forty-ninth New York; Second Lieutenant William Laughlin, Sixty-first Pennsylvania. Wounded slightly: Lieutenant Colonel W. B. French, Seventy-seventh New York.

Recapitulation.

Killed. Wounded. Total.

 Off	 	 Off	 	 Off	 	 Aggreg

Command.	 ice	 Men.	 ice	 Men.	 ice	 Men.	 ate.

 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 rs.

First Brigade.	 --	 7	 4	 48	 4	 55	 59

Third Brigade.	 6	 46	 4	 89	 10	 135	 145

Total.	 6	 53	 8	 137	 14	 190	 204

The last shot was fired about 10 o'clock, and the remainder of the night was occupied in strengthening the position, burying the dead, and caring for the wounded, and relieving the skirmish line, which had been two days in front constantly under fire, by troops of the Second (Vermont) Brigade. This was accomplished at 4 a. m. of the 13th.

On the morning of the same day the enemy was reported moving away from our front in the direction of Rockville, Md., and in the afternoon the command joined in the march on the new campaign, which culminated in the brilliant victories of the Valley of the Shenandoah.

To my gallant and efficient staff, I am under the deepest obligation,s and for their valuable services during the past unprecedented campaign from the Rapidan to Petersburg, I desire to ask for them the promotion and favorable consideration they have earned. To Captain George Clendenin, jr., assistant adjutant-general of my brigade, I am especially grateful for the energy and devotion he has

---------------

*Nominal list of enlisted men omitted. See numerical statement in recapitulation following.

---------------

