
displayed in the performance of his varied duties, and for his conspicuous gallantry in every battle; though painfully wounded in the Wilderness, this officer declined to leave the field. Captain Clendenin has been with me and rendered important service in every battle in which the Army of the Potomac has been engaged since its organization. Captain James H. Coleman, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general, deserves especial mention for the creditable manner in which he conducted his department while in camp, and for the support rendered and gallantry displayed on every field. To Captain Denny O'Neil, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant William J. Bradford, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, aides-de-camp, are due my thanks for their faithful services and unfailing attention during the varied and trying scenes of the campaign. Captain John Snodgrass, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, pioneer officer, executed his duty of repairing the roads, bridges, &amp;c., with skill and alacrity, facilitating materially the movements of troops and the passage of the trains. in time of action he acted as aide-de-camp, and was conspicuous for bravery. Lieutenant John M. Schneipp, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, and Captain Hibbert B. Masters, commissary of subsistence, merit the highest commendation for the able manner in which they managed their departments, supplying the troops with all they required, notwithstanding the many serious physical difficulties encountered. And Surg. S. F. Chapin, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief of brigade, was devoted and indefatigable in his attentions to the sick and wounded. To the professional skill and devotion to duty of this accomplished officer, the command is under deep obligations.

Of the brave men of this command who have so promptly and so gallantly engaged the enemy in the many battles and skirmishes of this memorable campaign, I cannot speak in too high terms of praise. They have never faltered in battle nor murmured at the fatigues and hardships they have been called upon to endure.

They have nobly earned the admiration of their commander and the gratitude of the nation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 45. Report of Major Thomas McLaughlin, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations July 11-August 21.
HDQRS. 102ND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Near Charlestown, Va., September 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Arrived at Washington [July 11] and proceeded to Fort Stevens, deployed and engaged the enemy's skirmish line; heavy skirmishing but little damage.

---------------

*For portion of this report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 10, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 691, and Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

