
July 13, resumed the march, passing through Poolesville, and on the 16th crossed the Potomac at White's Ford, passed through Leesburg and bivouacked in Loudon Valley.

July 18, passed through Snicker's Gap to the Shenandoah River, skirmishing.

July 20, crossed the recrossed the river, and on the 21st bivouacked on Goose Creek.

July 22, resumed the march, passing through Dranesville, and on the 23rd went into camp at Tennallytown.

July 26, broke camp and resumed the march, passing through Rockville, halting at Hyattstown.

July 28 and 29, passed through Jefferson and halted at Halltown, W. Va.

July 30, countermarched to near Frederick City, Md.

August [6], recrossed the Potomac and lay in camp until the 10th. Broke camp, and on the 12th arrived at Cedar Creek. The regiment was deployed as skirmishers. Crossed the creek and engaged the enemy.

August 13, the line advanced to Strasburg, and in the evening were relieved; casualties, 2 men wounded.

August 17, resumed the march, passing through Middletown, Newtown, and Winchester, and on the 19th bivouacked near Charlestown.

On the 21st the enemy attacked our position, threw up rifle-pits, and at night retired to Halltown; casualties 2 men severely wounded. Took up position and remained here doing picket duty until the 21st, when we advanced to one mile west of Charlestown; heavy skirmishing in front. From the landing at Washington until August 21 marched over 400 miles, crossing the Potomac four times and the Shenandoah twice.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS McLAUGHLIN,

Major, Commanding 102nd Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Vols.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant-Adjutant General.

Numbers 46. Report of Captain Elisha H. Rhodes, Second Rhode Island Infantry, of action near Fort Stevens, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND RHODE ISLAND INFANTRY,Poolesville, Md., July 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in the engagement at Brightwood, Md., on the night of the 12th instant, the following casualties occurred in my command: Sergt. Joseph M. Wood, acting lieutenant, Company B, wounded in left shoulder severely; Private Walter Harrup wounded in left eye severely.

The action was fought near the ground occupied by our regiment during the summer of 1861. Fort Slocum, built by the Second Rhode Island Volunteers, assisted with its heavy guns. We are now following the retreating rebels, who recrossed the river near this point last night.

E. H. RHODES,

Captain, Commanding Second Rhode Island Volunteers.

Brigadier General E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General, Rhode Island.

