
White's Ford, and Leesburg, across the Shenandoah at Snicker's Ford, and returned to Washington via Leesburg, Dranesville, Lewinsville, and Chain Bridge, reaching Washington, July 23. Had been detached from brigade at Poolesville, July 15, and ordered, with two regiments of First Division, to Young's Island, and placed the guns in position, while cavalry, under Colonel Lowell, crossed the river.

On rejoining the corps, July 16, at White's Ford, was attached to the Second Division.

July 27, marched with the division from the vicinity of Washington to Hyattstown.

July 28, marched to Jefferson via Monocacy.

July 29, marched to Harper's Ferry, and crossed Potomac River, camping near Halltown.

At midnight July 30 recrossed the Potomac into Maryland.

Total loss from May 4 to July 30, 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men wounded. Total rounds ammunition expended, 1,158.

We have done comparatively little fighting throughout the entire campaign. Whatever has been required of the battery I have endeavored to perform to the best of my ability, receiving the cheerful co-operation of my officers and men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW COWAN,

Captain First New York Independent Battery.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 49. Report of Lieutenant Jacob H. Lamb, Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of operations July 12-30.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,August --, 1864.

SIR: *

Arrived there [Washington] at 11 p. m. of the 12th, disembarked, and marched to Fort Stevens, where we arrived at daylight and went into camp; distance, four miles.

July 13, marched at 12 m. for Potomac Cross-Roads, where we arrived at 11 p. m., and camped for the night; distance, twelve miles.

July 14, marched at 5 a. m. for Poolesville and arrived there at dark, a distance of twenty miles.

July 16, marched at 5 a. m. to the Potomac and went into position at White's Ford, fired twenty rounds at the enemy's cavalry, withdrew, and crossed the river at the ford, continued the march, and camped at dark four miles west of Leesburg, a distance of fifteen miles.

July 18, marched at 6 a. m., crossed the Blue Ridge Mountains at Snicker's Gap, and took position on the bank of the Shenandoah River, and fired ninety rounds at the enemy, who were in line of [battle] across the river; distance marched, ten miles.

July 19, still in position.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 11, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 768, and Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

