
instant, opened upon the enemy with the right section of the battery, expending twenty-seven rounds of ammunition. Crossed the Potomac on the 17th, and engaged the enemy at Snicker's Gap on the 19th, expending 134 rounds of ammunition. On the 30th of July the battery encamped on Bolivar Heights.

Total expenditure of ammunition 1,342 rounds.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. ADAMS,

Captain 1st Rhode Island Light Arty., Commanding Co. G.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 51. Itinerary of the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, July 1-31.*

FIRST BRIGADE, COMMANDED BY Colonel GEORGE L. BEAL, TWENTY-NINTH MAINE INFANTRY.

July 1.--Brigade at Morganza Bend, La., on the west bank of the Mississippi River. Orders received to embark as fast as steamers arrived. The One hundred and fifty-third and One hundred and fourteenth New York left for New Orleans.

July 2.--The Twenty-ninth Maine, Thirtieth Massachusetts, and One hundred and sixteenth and Ninetieth New York embarked for New Orleans. The Ninetieth New York assigned to this brigade from Second Division. The brigade here took ocean steamers.

July 11.--Arrived at Washington via Fort Monroe--the One hundred and fifty-third and part of the One hundred and fourteenth New York.

July 13.--Other portions of the brigade, with the brigade commander and staff, arrived in Washington. Brigade reunited at Tennallytown; four miles.

July 14.--Marched past Offutt's Cross-Roads; ten miles.

July 15.--Marched through Seneca Mills to near Poolesville; near twelve miles.

July 16.--Forded the Potomac at White's Ford, and marched to near Leesburg, Va.; thirteen miles.

July 17.--Changed camp.

July 18.--Marched through Hamilton and Purcellville to Snicker's Gap; eighteen miles.

July 19.--Lay in the Gap all day.

July 20.--Crossed the Shenandoah and advanced five miles.

July 21.--At 8 p. m. last evening recrossed the Shenandoah and returned to Leesburg, and thence to Goose Crook; twenty-five miles.

July 22.--Crossed Difficult Creek; seventeen miles.

July 23.--Marched via Lewinsville to Chain Bridge, north; twelve miles.

July 24 and 25.--Drawing rations and clothing.

---------------

*From returns of the commands indicated for July, 1864.

---------------

