
July 26.--Marched through Tennallytown and beyond Rockville; nineteen miles.

July 27.--Marched through Middlebrook and past Hyattstown; fifteen miles.

July 28.--Marched through Urbana and Frederick City and beyond; thirteen miles.

July 29.--Marched through Jefferson, Petersville, Knoxville, Harper's ferry to Halltown, W. Va.; nineteen miles.

July 30.--Marched to near Jefferson, Md.; thirteen miles.

July 31.--Marched through Jefferson and Frederick and out on the Emmittsburg road; thirteen miles.

Colonel Edwin P. Davis, One hundred and fifty-third New York, commanded the brigade from July 27 to 31, inclusive.

SECOND BRIGADE, COMMANDED BY Brigadier General JAMES W. M'MILLAN.

During the month the brigade has not been together as an organization. Part of it left New Orleans on July 5, the balance as soon as transportation was obtained. Part of the brigade has been serving in Maryland and Virginia, under the command of Colonel Thomas, Eighth Vermont Volunteers, and the balance at Bermuda Hundred, under General McMillan. It was united at Monocacy Junction, Md., July 31.

THIRD BRIGADE, COMMANDED BY Colonel LEONARD D. H. CURRIE, ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY-THIRD NEW YORK INFANTRY.

July 2.--Broke-camp at Morganza, La., and embarked on several steamers for New Orleans.

July 4.--Brigade encamped at Algiers, La.

July 6.--The One hundred and thirty-third and One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers sailed on steamer Creole for the North.

July 9.--The One hundred and sixty-second and One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers sailed on steamer C. C. Leary for the North.

July 11.--The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers and Thirtieth Maine, and detachment with horses, sailed on steamers Victor and Blackstone, brigade headquarters on steamer Victor.

July 18.--Steamer Victor with headquarters arrived at Fort Monroe; ordered to Bermuda Hundred; steamer Creole ordered to Washington.

July 23.--Marched with four regiments and a half of brigade from Bermuda Hundred to Deep Bottom, Va., near Malvern Hill.

July 24.--Brigade of troops commenced throwing up earth-works.

July 25.--Slight skirmish with the enemy. Loss, 18 killed and wounded and 24 taken prisoners.

July 27.--Ordered to Washington; marched to Bermuda Hundred and embarked.

July 28.--Sailed at daylight.

July 29.--Arrived at Washington at 2 p. m.; marched through Washington to Georgetown Heights.

July 30.--Marched at 6 p. m. through Washington to Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and embarked.

July 31.--Arrived at Monocacy Junction at 3 p. m. and encamped at Bush Creek.

