
Numbers 52. Itinerary of the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, commanding, July 1-31.*

July 3.--The division commenced embarking at Morganza, La., and proceeded to Algiers, La., where it again embarked under sealed orders and reported at Fort Monroe. During the month the division was much scattered, a portion of it being at James River, reporting to Major-General Hancock, and the balance in the Department of Washington.

Alterations in the Second Brigade since last return: The Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers, absent on veteran furlough, reported int he column of loss. The Ninetieth New York transferred to First Division. The Eleventh Indiana and Twenty-second Iowa assigned to Second Brigade of this division.

Numbers 53. Itinerary of Kenly's brigade, Nineteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General John R. Kenly commanding, July 13-31.*

I remained in command of the Third Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, until July 13, when, by order of Major-General Ord, commanding Eighth Army Corps, I was ordered to the command of a brigade, consisting of the Third Maryland Volunteers, Potomac Home Brigade, the One hundred and forty-fourth and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments Ohio National Guard (100-days' men), and Captain Alexander's battery, Baltimore Light Artillery.

July 14.--Proceeded to Washington by rail with my command (except the battery, which joined me at Leesburg on the 17th), and marched through Tennallytown to Cabin John's Branch.

July 15.--Marched to Edwards Ferry and crossed the Potomac. On the march was ordered to report to Major-General Wright, who brigaded my command with the Nineteenth Corps. After crossing the Potomac marched through Leesburg to Snicker's Gap, and thence to the Shenandoah.

July 20.--Left Snicker's Gap and marched back to Chain Bridge.

July 23.--Encamped near Battery Vermont.

July 26.--At 11 a. m. marched to Rockville and encamped at night four miles beyond.

July 27.--Marched to the vicinity of Urbana.

July 28.--Reached the Monocacy. On afternoon of the same day received orders to march to Harper's Ferry, and reached Jefferson same night.

July 29.--Marched to Harper's Ferry; crossed the Potomac and encamped at Halltown.

July 30.--At 5 p. m. started from Halltown to return to the Monocacy; marched all night and encamped near Jefferson. On this day the horses of Captain Alexander's battery were taken from him by order of Colonel Tompkins, chief of artillery, Sixth Army Corps, and distributed among the batteries of the Sixth Army Corps.

July 31.--Marched through Frederick City and encamped two miles beyond.

---------------

*From return for July, 1864.

---------------

