
the part taken by the Third Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps in the recent marches and battles:

We broke camp at Brownstown on the 30th of April at 5 a. m.; marched to paint Creek. Nothing of importance occurred during the march.

On the 1st of May, in accordance with orders, we marched to Montgomery's Ferry, arriving at that place about 3 p. m., and encamped for the night. Nothing worthy of note transpired.

On the 2nd instant we took up the march across Cotton Ridge Mountain to Fayetteville. A heavy rain-storm came up in the afternoon which made the marching very hard and fatiguing.

On the 3rd instant we left Fayetteville and marched to Kelton's farm, nothing of interest occurring.

On the 4th, and in accordance with previous orders, we took the advance, throwing two companies, A and B, forward as skirmishers. Passed through Raleigh 11 a. m. and arrived at Pine Hill about 4.30 p. m., where we encamped for the night. The march was through a continuous wood, crossing two large streams. Nothing of importance occurred.

On the 5th we were ordered to take the rear as wagon guard. The day was very warm, and from some unknown reason the woods on either side of the road was fired, which at times made it quite suffocating and endangered the train. In a narrow pass one of the teams broke a tongue, which caused great delay, keeping us on the road from 7 a. m. until 12 midnight. The men were very much exhausted from the heat and smoke.

We started again on the 6th, at 4 a. m., crossing the Blue Stone River. The day was clear and hot, telling severely on the men, but upon arriving at Princeton the sight of the abandoned rebel fortifications seemed to inspire them with new life. Encamped for the night.

On the 7th left Princeton at 4.30 a. m. Companies A and B were thrown in the advance as skirmishers. We skirmished with the enemy more or less all day. No loss of life was sustained by either side. Crossed Black Oak and East River Mountain, also East River. Passed through Rocky Gap unmolested, and encamped on the banks of Wolf Creek about 6 p. m.

On Sunday, the 8th, we were again detailed as wagon guard. Crossed Brush Mountain. On the north side of the mountain the train was fired into by a band of guerrillas; my men promptly returned the fire and drove the enemy from his hiding-place. Captain William N. Harman, a notorious bushwhacker, was killed. The ball entered the right side above the hip and came out of the left breast. The march was very long and tiresome, making twenty-seven miles and arriving in camp about 10 p. m.

On Monday, 9th instant, we started again at 5 a. m. Marched but a few miles when the enemy were discovered well posted. My regiment was marched by the flank a short distance along the foot of Cloyd's Mountain, filed to the right, and ascended the mountain.

After gaining the summit we made a right oblique movement to the road, following the road a short distance by the flank, then took the woods again, and on arriving near the south base deployed in line of battle on the left flank of the Fourth Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps. About 11 a. m. we were ordered to advance and engage the enemy. As we emerged from the woods into the open ground we received a terrific volley of canister. The regiment

