
Colonel Murray, wounded, in the hands of the enemy. By this time the enemy had come within range of the second line, which gave a volley that repelled his farther advance, and drove him out of sight beyond the bluff. But he immediately commenced reforming for another attack upon my right. I had the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio, commanded by Colonel Washburn, detached from the First Brigade and sent to the right,a nd just as it was getting into line the second attack was made. But the panic was over. The attack was bravely met and the enemy driven back. A third advance was afterward made with similar results, when the enemy retired beyond the hill in our front, leaving us in possession of the field. But night was coming on. The promised division from the Sixth Crops had not been sent to our assistance, and General Crook sent an order to return across the river, which was done in good order. During the crossing of the command, the enemy advanced a battery and commenced shelling the ford, which compelled us to leave many of the worst wounded cases in his hands. On the right of the line the Fourth West Virginia Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Vance, was conspicuous for its firm and gallant conduct, also the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio, commanded by Colonel Washburn. This officer fell severely wounded while bravely leading his men into action. His place was promptly and worthily filled by Lieutenant-Colonel Wildes, of the same regiment. The Twelfth West Virginia, commanded by Colonel Curtis, also stood firm. These regiments, with detachments from the First West Virginia, Second Maryland [Eastern Shore], Eighteenth Connecticut, and Colonel Young, with a few dismounted cavalry, held the right of the line and saved the command from a complete rout. Colonel Wells' brigade on the left, with the exception of the regiments detached from him, was engaged only with the enemy's skirmish line.

Our loss was 65 killed, 301 wounded, 56 missing; total, 422. The enemy's loss, at their own estimate, was over 600 killed and wounded.

I append a list of casualties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel First West Virginia, Commanding.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of West Virginia.
HDQRS. FIRST INFTY. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Sandy Hook, Md., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submitting to you the following report of the part taken by the First Infantry Division in the late engagement at Kernstown, near Winchester, July 24, 1864, and also the retreat therefrom:

At an early hour on the morning of the 24th, while lying in camp one and a half miles south of Winchester, I received orders to move the First Infantry Division to the front with as little delay as possible, as the enemy was driving in our pickets and reported to be advancing in force. In twenty minutes my command was in motion, and was directed to take position in a wood to the right and rear of Kernstown. I had occupied this same wood the day before when an attack was expected, and had the front and flanks strongly barricaded with fence rails and logs, greatly improving the strength of the position. My command lay here until nearly noon, when I re-

