
Colonel Harris gives a report from the brigade he then commanded, and the three regimental commanders of Lieutenant-Colonel Linton's brigade give separate reports of the parts taken by their respective regiments, Colonel Linton being disabled and absent.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Itinerary of the First Infantry Division, Department of West Virginia, July 1-24.*

July 1.--The division was at Gauley Bridge, in the Kanawha Valley, on its retreat from Lynchburg. It marched to Camp Piatt, on the Kanawha River; from thence in steamers to Parkersburg, W. Va.; thence by railroad to Cherry Run; then marched to Martinsburg, Harper's Ferry, crossing over into Maryland.

July 17.--It recrossed the Potomac near Berlin and marched to Purcellville.

July 18.--Crossed Snicker's Gap and forced the crossing of the Shenandoah about two miles below Snicker's Ford. After a sharp engagement with the enemy the division was ordered to recross the river.

July 21.--We again advanced and reached Winchester.

July 24.--General Crook's command was defeated at Kernstown, four miles beyond Winchester, and the command fell back to Martinsburg, and thence crossed the Potomac at Williamsport; finally arrived at Pleasant Valley, where it remained for a few days to clothe and recruit.

Numbers 57. Report of Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-Fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Kernstown.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

In the Field near Frederick Junction, Md., August 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the action at Winchester and the retreat from that place.

On Saturday, at the advance, the division was moved out on the Cedar Creek road, and after some changes was posted in a wood near the center of our position, this brigade having the right. We remained without incident during the afternoon, and I employed the time in making a very strong breast-work of rails and logs on the front and right flank of my position.

On Sunday we were moved to the same place. After some little time the Second Brigade was moved out from the left, and my bri-

---------------

*From return for July, 1864.

---------------

