
gade was placed in the position they vacated. Soon after I was ordered to advance in line of battle into a large woods in front of my left, and to proceed until further orders. While advancing I received directions to move on until my left should be opposite a certain ridge, and there halt. I had just reached this position, throwing out a strong skirmish line, which was already slightly engaged, when I was ordered to look well to my right, and if the enemy appeared in force to charge them. After looking over the ground, I concluded to throw forward the right of my line upon a little ridge in front, and was just executing the movement when I received orders to fall back immediately by the left of regiments, leaving the skirmish line behind. This was done in perfect order. Immediately upon our withdrawal a very heavy force appeared in our immediate front, and another body, sweeping in from the right, cut off my entire skirmish line from the main body, and succeeded in capturing a large number, those who escaped only saving themselves by running far round to the left. Just before reaching the brook, the brigade was brought together and marched by the flank toward the fortified hills. I was directed by Colonel Thoburn to take my brigade across the hollow to the first fort. The Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, being in the rear, was detached by order of General Crook and placed in another position. After halting for some time in this position, I was ordered to accompany the wagon train to Bunker Hill, I asked if I should march before or behind. I was told to "go along the train." I moved across the field toward the pike, but found on reaching it that I could only touch the rear of the train, which was in rapid motion. Behind the train were the batteries of artillery. I detached one regiment, ordering it to march in rear of all the artillery, and with the others pushed on the left side of the pike, trying to overtake the head of the train. After marching three or four miles in about the same order, the wagons ahead began to trot and the batteries to double up. Soon I saw a large body of our cavalry coming up very rapidly on the right side of the pike and dash in by and among the wagons. The lieutenant commanding the Virginia battery rode up to me, stating that the enemy were at that moment charging upon the rear. I halted and formed my men, and as soon as the batteries passed formed line directly across the road, facing the rear. A cloud of our cavalry came by without officers, but I could gain no intelligence from them, nor did I see any indications of the enemy. Soon an aide of Colonel Thoburn's came up, who reported that about 500 cavalry had passed between his (Second) brigade and that of Colonel Duval. About the same time I received a message from the commanding officer of my rear regiment, stating that a few of the enemy had demonstrated upon our flanking cavalry, driving them in upon his regiment, but that the demonstration was so slight he did not even form line. He also stated that this party had moved off to the front and right, apparently to attack the train in advance. Upon this I immediately started along, moving on both sides of the road. I soon came upon wrecks of artillery and wagons, abandoned in a perfectly causeless and inexcusable panic. The enemy were never actually within a mile of the train.

We remained at Bunker Hill that night, supported the batteries next morning, and accompanied them to Martinsburg. At Martinsburg I was posted on the Tuscarora road with three pieces of artillery, may line being formed at right angles with the road behind a

