
in admirable order, the army reaching Gauley Bridge, Va., June 29, via Liberty, Salem, New Castle, and the Hawk's Nest. After a brief rest the army proceeded down the Kanawha and up the Ohio River by boat to Parkersburg, thence by railroad to Cherry Run, thence marched, via Martinsburg, Harper's Ferry, Berlin (where the Potomac River was forded), and Waterford, to Snicker's Gap, Va.

On the 18th of July the division in which the battalion was brigaded crossed the Shenandoah River near the gap, and had a severe engagement with the enemy near the ford, the battalion suffering heavily in killed and wounded, but behaving with great intrepidity. In this action I regret to report that the commanding officer of the battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Edward Murray, was severely wounded and take prisoner. His bravery in this and previous engagements won for him the respect and esteem of officers and men.

On July 22 the army moved to Winchester via Berryville.

On the 24th the enemy were reported to be moving on Winchester from he southeast, and the army advanced to meet them, but finding them in too great force retreated in good order via Bunker Hill to Martinsburg, and thence to Williamsport, Md., skirmishing all the way; thence the army marched via Boonsborough, Sharpsburg, and Pleasant Valley to Halltown, Va.

Within the limits of this paper it would be impracticable to give an accurate idea of the trials, privations, and difficulties which beset the army during this brief but eventful campaign. The country through which it passed upon the retreat from Lynchburg was so utterly destitute of forage and provisions, and the impracticability of transporting army stores so great, that nothing but the consummate tact and ability displayed by the commanding general in moving the troops saved them from great loss and perhaps demoralization.

In commenting upon the conduct of the soldiers composing the battalion (with very few exceptions) during the wearisome marches necessity obliged them to make, and the various engagements with the enemy in which they participated, I cannot speak in too high terms of praise. Where so many have shown such fortitude and bravery it is difficult to select names for especial mention, but for courage and efficiency I would respectfully recommend for promotion First Lieutenant Charles C. Doherty, Second Lieuts. James Whitney, William H. Boyle, Israel C. Disosway, and George G. Nellis, and First Sergts. Frederick K. Hewitt and Henry P. Jackson.

For good conduct before the enemy I would also make honorable mention of Color-Sergeants Helting and Carroll, Sergeants Whitney, Bonner, and Ashwell, Corporals Crowe, Rockwell and Halpin, and Privates Boerum, Watkins, Reiber, Whittaker, and Alex. McClure.

For the efficient aid rendered the battalion in the faithful discharge of their duties great credit is due Asst. Surg. Samuel R. Elliott, Adjt. William H. Boyle, and Quartermaster E. W. Andrews, jr.

The list of casualties,* which I have the honor to submit herewith, attests the bravery of the men in every action in which the battalion has been engaged.

H. L. EMMONS, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding First Batt., Fifth New York Vol. Arty.

Colonel SAMUEL GRAHAM,

Commanding Fifth New York Volunteer Artillery.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

