
advanced steadily across the open ground for about 200 yards under a galling fire of grape and canister. My men delivered several volleys, but the distance was too great to be very effective. A temporary panic occurred, but was checked by the exertions of the officers. The color bearer was shot down, but the colors were picked up by one of the men and borne across the field. Seeing it impossible to advance directly on the front, I ordered a left oblique movement so as to gain the protection of the hill on the right of the enemy's artillery thus bringing us within rifle range of their works. At the first waver of the enemy I advanced, and my colors were among the first to enter the works of the enemy. Captain Jacob Lenhart was in command of the regiment, but was severely wounded through the shoulder early in the action, when the command devolved on me. The loss of the regiment in crossing the clearing was 5 commissioned officers and 32 enlisted men wounded and 2 enlisted men killed. (It may be well to say here that the regiment only numbered about 300 rank and file.) After gaining the works I halted a few moments to collect the men, who were somewhat scattered (as the necessarily must, owing to the ground over which we passed), and then pushed forward, but after marching about two miles I was ordered back by the general commanding division to take charge of the battle-field. Upon arriving on the field I formed the regiment into squads, under charge of commissioned officers, to collect the dead and wounded, also the arms; but it is impossible to give with any degree of accuracy the number of either as the friends of those who had fallen were attending to them in person. We were busy until dark and every effort made to discharge the duty faithfully. Two brass pieces of artillery (12-pounder Napoleon guns) and about 300 stand of small-arms were taken from the field and sent forward; five caissons and about 100 stand of small arms were destroyed for want of transportation. At dark the ambulances were loaded with the wounded that could be moved and sent to Dublin Depot. I formed the rear guard, bringing with me the 52 prisoners which were turned over to the provost-marshal. We arrived at the depot about midnight and laid over until daylight.

On the 10th we started at 5 a. m., marching along the railroad for some miles. Upon arriving near New River we were marched by the flank into the woods on the right of the road, where we received a severe shell fire. The column halted; I brought the regiment to the front to get orders and while absent 1 enlisted man was killed, 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men were wounded. Lieutenant Glenn, acting adjutant, seeing that the fire was enfilading, ordered the regiment to change front forward on first company, which was executed in good order, this escaping a terrible fire and evidently saving many lives. About 11 a. m. I was ordered to take the regiment to the bank of the river on the left of the Fifteenth Virginia Infantry, to drive the sharpshooters from the opposite bank and burn the bridge. Several shots were fired, but we soon accomplished our mission. After the bridge had fallen we took up our march to Pepper's Ferry, where we lay all night.

On the 11th we crossed the river and marched to Blacksburg; a heavy rain-storm came on which made the marching very bad. After arriving in camp Companies I, C, and H were sent on picket. Captain La Rue, commanding Company I, learning that a band of guerrillas were in close proximity to his post, deployed his men as

