
direction of Colonel Thoburn, bearing off to the left of the Martinsburg pike. Three miles from Winchester the command was halted and carefully reformed in line of battle and joined by Colonel Duval's brigade, which had been marching on our left. The entire force now moved forward under direction of Colonel Thoburn. At about 12 o'clock, owing to the density of the woods and darkness, we were compelled to impress a citizen guide for his immediate neighborhood.

We camped that night at Gerrardstown, and at 4 a. m., on the morning of the 25th instant, continued our march. At 8 a. m. we arrived in Martinsburg. The command being completely drenched by rain, I ordered it to be quartered in two large vacant storehouses in the center of the town and remain long enough to make coffee and dry their clothes. About 2 p. m. we received an order from General Crook to accompany the wagon train as guard to Williamsport, Md.

With the conduct of the officers and soldiers of the Second Brigade, except a part of the dismounted cavalry, I was gratified. They faithfully executed all that they were ordered to do, and showed a disposition to execute any further orders cheerfully. While Colonel Young was in command of the dismounted cavalry it conducted itself creditably.

To Lieutenant J. P. Rockwell, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Hall, acting assistant quartermaster, I am indebted for zealous and efficient assistance on the field.

Accompanying please find a list* of casualties in the Second Brigade.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. ELY,

Colonel Eighteenth Conn. Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant F. L. BALLARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Infantry Division.

N. B.- A number of the missing are known to be wounded, but they are reported as such in the list of casualties only when there is no doubt as to the name.

Numbers 60. Report of Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 25-26.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION,Pleasant Valley, Md., August 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the official report of Colonel Harris, who commanded the First Brigade, Third Division, in the recent battle at and retreat from Winchester, Va.; also the regimental reports of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Virginia and Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania, of the part taken by them in the same action. These latter regiments constituted the Second Brigade, of the Third Division, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Linton, of the Fifty-fourth

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 288.

---------------

