
fourth Pennsylvania, the whole being under command of Colonel J. A. Mulligan, of the Twenty-third Illinois, and constituting the Third Division, Army of the Kanawha.

I am not able to add anything of importance or interest to these reports, as I was not present during the battle, having just arrived at Winchester as our forces were retreating through the town, nor did I see any of the forces of the division until the morning of the 25th of July, when I was ordered by General Crook to take command of the division. On that day I found a portion of the force under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Linton on the road between Bunker Hill and Martinsburg, on their way to the latter place. I assumed command and continued to gain accessions to the division as we proceeded to Martinsburg and Williamsport.

At Martinsburg we were drawn up in line of battle with the troops of the Second Division, but in the charge through the town we did not participate, having been ordered to support a battery upon an eminence overlooking the town. We left Martinsburg about 8 o'clock on the evening of the 25th, and arrived at the Potomac, opposite Williamsport, about 2 a. m. of the same night, without molestation from the enemy.

A list of casualties of the division accompanies this report. The aggregate of killed, wounded, and missing is 317.

Colonel J. A. Mulligan, commanding the division, was mortally wounded and left on the field. Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Linton, commanding Second Brigade was severely injured by his horse falling, by which his collar bone was broken. No field officer being left with the brigade the command devolved upon Captain J. Suter, of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Upon the arrival of the command at Pleasant Valley on the 27th ultimo, the troops of the Third Division were consolidated into a brigade and designated as the Third Brigade, of the First Division. This will in a measure account for the irregular and informal manner of this report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant F. L. BALLARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 61. Report of Captain James J. Fitzgerald, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, of operations July 23-25.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Camp, Sandy Hook, Md., July 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment on the 23d, 24th, and 25th instants, viz:

On the 23d, at about 9 a. m., my command, consisting of 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, acting adjutant, 3 second lieutenants, and 280 enlisted men, was formed in line of battle, and advanced with

