
the general line about one and one-half miles. During the day it was under arms, in line, or maneuvering. There was no engagement, except between the skirmishers. Toward night, the enemy having been driven back, the regiment fell back to the ground occupied by the enemy's skirmishers in the morning, where the men rested on their arms in line of battle until morning. There are no casualties to report during this day.

On the 24th, about 9 a. m., the presence of the enemy being manifest by sharp firing in the front, the regiment with the other battalions advanced in line of battle about one mile, when we took a position behind a stone wall, where the men laid down and remained about an hour. Having been subjected to an enfilading fire on our right, we fell back about 400 yards across an open meadow, and were posted behind an open board fence, which the men strengthened with rails. After remaining here some time our line again advanced at a double-quick to a position in advance of the first one, driving Lack the enemy. Soon after, however, the regiment fell back behind the stone wall it occupied in the morning, where it lay down until our skirmishers were driven back to the line, when a furious struggle ensued. But the enemy advancing on our front in great force, the line brigade on our left having been crushed in and forced back, thus exposing our whole line to a cross-fire, while the battalion on our right-the gallant Tenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry-was flanked on its right and exposed to a destructive cross-fire, the entire brigade becoming enveloped and liable to be captured, I order my command, which at that time was hotly engaged and unwavering, to fall back. It did so at a double-quick through the meadow and up the hill, where a battery had been posted under a most disastrous fire and in considerable confusion.

I soon rallied my command, but seeing no reserve line nor any line to form on, I conducted it into the fortifications. Here I found Lieutenant-Colonel Linton with a portion of his brigade, to whom I reported with my command. Thence we retreated in good order about three-quarters of a mile, when we faced about and marched back about 400 yards, to a stone wall, where we halted in line of battle. This line did not exceed in numbers 400. There came pouring over and through stragglers who could not be rallied. Having no supports, being in range of the enemy's muskets, men with and without arms rushing between us and the foe, thereby preventing us from firing, and meanwhile subjected to a fire from their guns,which had got range, we were compelled to fall back. While so doing, just at dark an effort was made to rally the stragglers, of which there were large numbers, but without effect. At this moment an officer, of what name, rank, or command I do not know, most strenuously aided and assisted me in this effort. Seeing it could nod be done, the men flying in all directions toward the rear, I rallied most of what men were left of my command and marched them on the mountain road toward Martinsburg, within a mile of which they arrived and halted about 4 a. m. of the 25th, on which day my men were at or near Martinsburg, in line of battle or maneuvering, until night, when we retreated to Williamsport, Md.

During this time the officers of my command conducted themselves with great coolness, skill, and bravery, and I am greatly indebted to them, as also to the non-commissioned officers, for their promptness in executing orders in the field and on the retreat.

