
The following is a summary of the casualties, all of which occurred on the 24th: Killed, enlisted men, 13; wounded, officers, 3; enlisted men, 60; missing, 37; total, 113.

I have nearly ready a detailed statement of the casualties, which I will send you.

JAMES J. FITZGERALD,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-third Illinois Vol. Infantry.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 62. Report of Major Enoch D. Yutzy, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Kernstown.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH Regiment PA. VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, near Sandy Hook, Md., August 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Winchester, on the 24th day of July, 1864:

I received orders at about 8 a. m. of the 24th July to form my regiment immediately and support the Upshur Battery (Battery E, First West Virginia). The regiment took a position about 100 yards to the front and right of the battery, forming the extreme right of our line, and about three-quarters of a mile to the right of the turnpike leading to Strasburg. One section of the battery having been sent to the front about 300 yards, at about 9 a. m., two companies, L and M, of the regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Nathan Davis, were sent to support this section, and formed on the right, in the woods, where they remained, skirmishing with the enemy's sharpshooters, until the close of the engagement. At about 10 o'clock the two remaining sections of the battery moved forward and to the left, taking a position near Kernstown, on the right of the turnpike, my regiment forming on the left of the pike, in the edge of an orchard, where it remained about half an hour, when the battery took a position to the rear, and the regiment, following its movements, formed behind a stone wall about 100 yards to the rear, where it remained about twenty minutes, when the regiment was ordered to fall back about 150 yards and formed behind a rail fence, where it remained about fifteen minutes. The regiment was ordered to retake the stone wall, if possible, which was done without much difficulty. The regiment was here rejoined by the rest of the Third Brigade, viz, the Eleventh and Fifteenth West Virginia Regiments. The brigade was then ordered forward, and had crossed the stone wall and advanced about thirty yards when the order was received to fall back. Soon after this a general retreat commenced, and continued to Bunker Hill, where we halted about midnight. The brigade formed several times to the right of Winchester to cover the retreat, and never fell back without orders from the brigade commander, Lieutenant Colonel John P. Linton, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.

The regiment lost, killed, 1; wounded, 14; missing, 34.

E. D. YUTZY,

Major, Commanding Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Vol. Infty.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

20 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I.

