
in Federal uniform on the opposite side of the field, who opened a brisk fire upon us, and crossing the fence, soon commenced forming line and advancing upon us, which they did under a destructive fire from our whole line. Just now the lamented Colonel Mulligan made his appearance, passing to the right of our regiment and returning, cheering our boys most enthusiastically, when all at once, without any justifiable cause that I was then able to discover, the right of the regiment began to give way, apparently in great confusion. I hastened at once to the right, endeavoring to intercept all I could and return them to the line, but on reaching those who were retreating found our right enfiladed and subject to a cross-fire so intense as to make it impracticable to form them in line had they been disposed to stop. On turning again to the line it seemed to be gradually giving way by fits. I then took a stand farther up the hill and tried to form line and check the enemy until the whole line could form as it fell back, but the fire of the enemy seemed more destructive than ever, and several men falling in our midst, I found it entirely useless to make further efforts to rally them, and the whole line seeming to be in full retreat and broken up proceeded to the top of the hill near the fort, where, assisted by yourself and others, succeeded in forming the principal part of the regiment in line, and from the fort retreated in good to Gerrardstown, taking a direction parallel to the road leading to Martinsburg. On arriving at Martinsburg I threw out a line of pickets, who discovered the approach of the enemy's advance, and after the repulse of the enemy at this place marched with General Crook's command, crossing the river at Williamsport, where we arrived the night of the 25th and encamped.

During the engagement at Winchester and the retreat following, the officers and men of my command evinced every disposition to obey orders and behave as soldiers.

The following is an account of casualties occurring on the day of battle (July 24): Killed, enlisted men, 12; wounded, officers, 4; enlisted men, 53; missing, enlisted men, 43.

The officers wounded were Captain L. M. Marsh, Company E, who fell in hands of the enemy. Lieutenant B. F. Shreve, Company E, who also fell in enemy's hands. Lieutenant Benjamin Moats, Company K, and Lieutenant A. Wilson, Company A, who succeeded in making their escape from enemy.

Accompanying this is a detailed account of the casualties of enlisted men.*

HENRY H. WITHERS,

Major, Commanding Tenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel T. H. HARRIS, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 64. Report of Captain James W. Myers, Eleventh West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Kernstown.

HDQRS. BATT. ELEVENTH W. VIRGINIA INFTY. VOLS.

Wolfsville, Md., August 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following as a report of the part taken by the battalion of the Eleventh West Virginia Infantry I have under my command, at the recent engagement near Winchester, Va., and the retreat therefrom July 24, 1864.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 289.

---------------

