
which position we maintained until the lines began to break on our right and left, when Captain McCaskey took command and ordered the regiment to fall back, which was done in good order for some distance, but the enemy bringing their batteries to bear on our retreating column, caused the command to break and fall back in confusion. They were, however, rallied before reaching the old forts built by General Milroy, where they were again brought into line of battle and ordered to hold our position until our cavalry should form in our rear, which we did. The enemy again opened on us with artillery, and after firing several rounds the regiment again retreated, not in the best of order, which was the last position taken by it in line of battle during the retreat.

The list of casualties during the engagement were as follows; 4 killed, 7 wounded, and 14 missing, of the latter several are now with the regiment at this date.

Yours, &amp;c.,

MILTON WELLS,

Major, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment W. Va., Infty. Vols.

Lieutenant C. W. KIRBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66. Report of Colonel Isaac H. Duval, Ninth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Infantry Division, of operations July 23-25.
HDQRS. 2nd INFANTRY DIV., ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,Summit Point, Va., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Infantry Division, Army of West Virginia, in the actions of July 23 and 24 at Winchester, Va., and July 25, 1864, at Martinsburg, Va.:

On the morning of July 23, the enemy having made his appearance on the Valley pike near Kernstown, driving in our cavalry, I received orders from the general commanding to get my command under arms and move one brigade out on the road and form it on the left of Colonel Mulligan's division. I, therefore, ordered the First Brigade (consisting of the Fifth and Thirteenth Virginia, Twenty-third and Thirty-sixth Ohio Regiments, commanded by Colonel R. B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio), which took position as directed. With the Second Brigade (Ninth and Fourteenth Virginia, Thirty-fourth and Ninety-first Ohio Regiments, Colonel D. D. Johnson, Fourteenth Virginia, commanding), I was ordered to proceed on the Romney pike to guard that (the right) flank, where I remained until ordered by the general commanding to withdraw and go into camp near the town of Winchester, which I did, throwing out a strong picket on the roads approaching the town from the west. Colonel Hayes having received orders direct from the general commanding, went into camp with the main body of troops near Springtown Mills, one and a half miles south of Winchester, the enemy having retired without giving battle.

On the morning of July 24 the enemy again appeared in force. My command took the same position as on the previous day. Colonel Hayes' (First) brigade on the left of Colonel Mulligan's division, where it continued to act until our forces were compelled to fall

