
skirmishers to drive them from the mountain. In so doing 2 of his men were captured, but by great exertion he recaptured them, together with 9 horses, from the enemy, which were turned over to the proper authority. Thus ended the day without further trouble.

12th, left Blacksburg, passing through Newport. Beyond the town we were marched by the flank on the left of the road and deployed in line of battle; passed the camp of a company of guerrillas; passed over a miserable road and through a drenching rain. encamped on the summit of Salt Pond Mountain. The march was very hard and fatiguing.

On the 13th took up line of march again, passing a train of wagons and one piece of artillery that had been abandoned by the enemy.

On the 14th started 12 noon as wagon guard. Crossed Big Stony Creek and Peter's and Wiseman's Mountains; he roads were very bad. Arrived in camp at dark.

On the 15th continued as wagon guard, passing Iodine Springs; arrived at Union at 2 p. m. and encamped beyond the town.

16th, started at 8 a. m.; crossed Little Flat Top Mountain, and encamped about one mile from Alderson's Ferry, on the Greenbrier River.

17th, laid in camp all day.

18th, crossed Greenbrier River, marched about four miles and encamped for the night.

19th, was rear guard; crossed Little Sewell Mountain, passing Blue Sulphur Springs, and arrived at this place (Meadow Bluff) about 3 p. m. The day was very hot, many of the men giving out from exhaustion.

Herewith you will find a list of casualties in the Third Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteers Corps in the battles of the 9th and 10th instant.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT JOHNSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Colonel H. G. SICKEL,

Commanding Third Brigade.]

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. B. Tapper, Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves.
HDQRS. FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,Meadow Bluff, W. Va., May 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward you the official report of the part taken by the Fourth Regiment Infantry, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, during the late raid from the 30th day of April, 1864, to the 19th day of May, 1864:

On the 30th day of April, 1864, the Fourth Regiment Infantry, pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, commanded by Colonel R. H. Woolworth, left Camp Piatt, Kanawha County, W. Va., and took up the line of march for active campaign in the western part of Vir-

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 14.

---------------

