
Numbers 68. Report of Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 24-25.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Pleasant Valley, Md., August 7, 1864.

SIR: At about 12 m., July 24, 1864, while in camp at Winchester, Va., I received orders to move the Second Brigade out on the Romney road, and take a position on the left and south of the road in a field adjacent to town. The different regiments of the brigade were stationed some 300 yards apart, in advantageous positions, so as to effectually cover our own lines of retreat, and at the same time retard the progress of the enemy as much as possible. At about 4 p. m. the main body of the retreating army had passed through Winchester, and the rebel lines were approaching ours in strong force, preceded by a very heavy line of skirmishers. When within close range portions of the brigade delivered an effective fire upon the enemy's advanced line, checking their progress considerably. The order was then given the brigade to retire to the north side of the Romney road, where it was reformed, faced by the rear rank, and marched in retreat under a brisk fire from the rebel batteries and sharpshooters. Great credit is due the brigade for its steadiness and soldierly bearing upon this occasion.

The brigade marched all night, arriving near Martinsburg at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 25th of July. Halting here until 9 a. m. I received an order to form the brigade in line of battle behind a stone fence between Mrs. Faulkner's house and the turnpike leading to Winchester. Skirmishing with the enemy continued nearly all day, when I was ordered to move the brigade to the rear on the Williamsport road, arriving at the Potomac River at 1 o'clock on the morning of the 26th of July.

For the particular part that each regiment took in the operations of the 24th and 25th days of July, I respectfully refer you to the reports of the regimental commanders.

The following table exhibits the casualties occurring in the brigade during the operations of the 24th and 25th days of July, 1864:

July 24, 2864.

Regiment. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Missing.

91st Regiment Ohio Volunteers.	 1	 3	 9

14th Regiment West Virginia	 3	 4	 50

Volunteers.

9th Regiment West Virginia	 2	 11	 ...

Volunteers.

34th Ohio Volunteers.	 4	 21	 ...

Total.	 10	 39	 59

July 25, 1864.

Regiment. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded.	 Missing.

91st Regiment Ohio Volunteers.	 1	 1	 ...

14th Regiment West Virginia	 ...	 ... 	 2

Volunteers.

9th Regiment West Virginia	 ...	 ... 	 ...

Volunteers.

34th Ohio Volunteers.	 1 	 4	 ...

Total.	 2	 5	 2

I cannot refrain from expressing my entire satisfaction with the conduct of the officers of this brigade under these trying circumstances and expressing my approbation for the skillful and daring manner in which they conducted the movements of their respective commands.

D. D. JOHNSON,

Colonel.

Lieutenant C. B. HAYSLIP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Dept. of West Va.

