
Numbers 69. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Shaw, Thirty-fourth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Stephenson's Depot.

[HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FOURTH OHIO INFANTRY,]

July 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 3 p. m. I was ordered to take my position on the left of the Ninety-first Ohio, which placed me on the extreme left of the line of infantry. We advanced steadily through an open field a distance of one-quarter of a mile, all the time exposed to a murderous fire from the enemy, who were posted in the edge of a dense piece of wood. When within 200 yards of the enemy's position I ordered a charge, which was done in gallant style, and succeeded in utterly routing them. We followed them through the woods, capturing prisoners as we went. On emerging from the wood we again took up our position to await further orders. About dark we were ordered back about two miles, contiguous to wood and water, and there encamped for the night.

But seven companies of my regiment were engaged, two of them being on duty at Martinsburg, Va., and the remaining one on the road to this point.

Below is a list* of the killed and wounded in my command.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SHAW,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Vol. Mounted Infty.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 70. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Coates, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, of engagements at Stephenson's Depot and Kernstown.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST Regiment OHIO VOLUNTEER INFTY.,Winchester, Va., July 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Stephenson's Depot, near Winchester, Va., on the 20th instant:

The regiment was drawn up in line of battle on the left of Winchester pike, with the right resting on the road. Moving forward the enemy were found strongly posted in the skirt of a wood, with two lines of battle and two 12-pounder field howitzers in our front. When within 200 yards the regiment received a terrible fire of grape and musketry, but moved forward without delay, driving the enemy from his position and capturing the two pieces of artillery and many prisoners. The pursuit was kept up for a half mile, when the regiment was halted.

Great praise is due to the officers and men of the regiment-they all did their duty.

The loss in the regiment was 8 killed and 60 wounded, of the latter number 3 were commissioned officers.

B. F. COATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. B. HAYSLIP, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 10 enlisted men killed and 20 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

