HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Halltown, Va., August 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement on the 24th and 25th ultimo:

At 3 p. m. on the 24th regiment was posted in front of Winchester on the left of the Rommey road. At 5 p. m. the regiment, as per orders, fell back and took a new position on the right, parallel to the road, forming the right of the brigade, and in a short time began to march in retreat, keeping in line with the rest of the brigade. This march was continued for several miles, our skirmishers keeping up a constant fire on the enemy, when the regiment marched by the flank and reached the road near Martinsburg, Va., at 6 a. m. on the 25th, where it was posted behind a stone wall in front of the enemy from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m., and then withdrew through the town to the hill on the north. The regiment was here drawn up in line of battle with the brigade and marched back through the town as a support for the cavalry, and then resumed the march toward Williamsport, Md.

Great credit is due to the officers and soldiers of the regiment for the coolness and bravery displayed while retreating under the fire of the enemy.

The regiment lost 2 killed, 4 wounded, and 9 missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. COATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOEL HULL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 71. Report of Colonel Thomas M. Harris, Tenth West Virginia Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, of engagement at Kernstown.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH W. VA. VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Monocacy Junction, August 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command, consisting of the Tenth' West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Major H. H. Withers, and the Twenty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain J. J. Fitzgerald, constituting First Brigade, Third Division, Army of the Kanawha, in the late action at and retread from Winchester on the 24th and 25th ultimo:

The Third Division, commanded by Colonel James A. Mulligan, having bivouacked at Kernstown after the reconnaissance of the 23d, in which the enemy was driven by our skirmishers a distance of two miles, found itself in advance of the First and Second Divisions on the morning of the 24th, when our cavalry that had been sent forward to reconnoiter the enemy's position was driven back toward our position on the Strasburg road at Kernstown. At about 10 a. m. I was ordered by Colonel Mulligan to go forward with my brigade,

