
ginia. After a long and wearisome march of fourteen miles, we arrived at Paint Creek, where we encamped for the night. Nothing of interest occurred on the march.

May 1, left camp at 7 o'clock and marched up the river road to the Great Falls, where we encamped for the night at 4.30 p. m.; distance sixteen miles.

May 2, left camp at 7 o'clock and crossed Cotton Hill arriving at Fayette at 3 o'clock. Nothing of importance occurred.

May 3, left camp at 7 o'clock and marched fourteen miles, and encamped at 1 o'clock on Kelton's farm.

May 4, left camp at 6.30 o'clock and reached Raleigh about 11 a. m., crossed Piney Creek at 12 o'clock and encamped about 1 o'clock; distance seventeen miles.

May 5, left camp at 5.30 o'clock and passed over Great Flat Mountain, and encamped about 6 o'clock; distance twenty-two miles.

May 6, left camp at 5 o'clock and passed over several mountains and Blue Stone River, and encamped at Princeton about 2 o'clock, the rebels having possession previous to our arrival, but retreated after firing a few rounds on our advance.

May 7, left camp at 4.30 o'clock and marched within one mile of Rocky Gap, where we halted for dinner. The regiment was ordered to flank Rocky Gap. The order was given to advance after the knapsacks were unslung. After fording Wolf Creek we met the rebel pickets. Company A was deployed as skirmishers and drove the rebel pickets into Rocky Gap. The regiment forded Wolf Creek the second time, the water being knee-deep, and passed the ravine about one mile, and then crossed a small mountain, also a cedar field to the foot of Wolf-Creek Mountain. The regiment then crossed over Wolf Creek Mountain, which was 1,400 feet high, the men and officers displaying great courage in crossing the latter, which was very rugged. The regiment was five hours crossing and reached, the opposite side about 6 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night.

Amy 8, left camp at Rocky Gap about 7 o'clock, our position for the day being wagon guards; some bushwhacking. Marched twenty-five miles, and encamped for the night at 9 o'clock.

May 9, left camp at 5 o'clock, and as we approached the gap, the rebel skirmishers fired on our advance. The regiment was ordered up the mountain to flank the road, which they did in a satisfactory manner. We passed cautiously along the road about two miles, when the rebels opened an artillery fire upon us, wounding one man. We then marched by the left flank through the woods, and formed in line of battle. The orders were given to advance as soon as we reached the open field. The rebels opened a heavy fire of grape and canister, which threw the regiment into confusion, killing Colonel Woolworth and severely wounding one of the color bearers, which was picked up by Sergt. C. W. Whiteman, of Company G, who was instantly killed, but the colors were again raised triumphantly, pierced with eight shots in the old one, and nine in the new. Lieutenant-Colonel Tapper then assumed command, and was ordered by Colonel H. G. Sickel, commanding Third Brigade, to advance up the hill on the right to flank the rebels' left. In doing so a large number of prisoners were captured, and the enemy put to flight, for which, I think, great praise is due Colonel Sickel, commanding brigade, for his good judgment in flanking the enemy's left. The regiment continued advancing upon Dublin Depot, which we reached

