
posted the main body of my command in the gap. My men were out of carbine ammunition, and my artillery left with but seven rounds to the piece. I regret to report that through the shameful mismanagement and neglect of the officer in command-Captain Montgomery, Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry-one squadron, which was picketing the rear of the gap, and within one mile of my command, was captured by Mosby's guerrillas, with all their horses, arms and equipments. The loss by the capture was 2 commissioned officers, 50 enlisted men, and about 55 horses. I have recommended the officer commanding this squadron for dismissal.

The losses in my command this day were as follows:

First Brigade, Colonel W. B. Tibbits, commanding: Killed-enlisted men, 10; wounded, commissioned officers, 7; enlisted men, 27; missing, 6.

Second Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel G. Middleton, commanding: Killed-enlisted men, 2; wounded-enlisted men, 10; missing-commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 60.

Total: Killed-enlisted men, 12; wounded-commissioned officers, 7; enlisted men, 37; missing-commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 66. Aggregate, 124.

During the 20th my command was held in line of battle. The enemy although keeping up a desultory fire upon my skirmishers on the river-bank did not attempt the passage of the river. My men were entirely destitute of rations, having been able to obtain but one day's supply on leaving Snicker's Gap. My horses were without forage, save what hay could be obtained by the men in foraging parties without the gap. These foraging parties were much annoyed by detachments of Mosby's guerrillas. On the evening of the 20th I received a train of rations, also some ambulances for the transportation of my wounded, together with orders to move to Snicker's Gap with my command, and to follow the army. In accordance with these orders I proceeded with my command on the morning of the 21st of July Snicker's Ford, crossed, and camped near that place. During this day's march we succeeded in capturing 6 of Mosby's men, and breaking up their den at what is called "The Trap" between Upperville and Snickersville; also in capturing about 50 horses which had been run back into that country for safety. Mosby's gang is now considerably increased in numbers by men detailed from various regiments. His force now numbers about 300 men. Thence on the 22d, having reported to Major-General Crook with my command, I moved with the army to Winchester, Va. Having camped this night at Milltown, two miles south of Winchester, I sent one brigade, under Colonel Higgins, to picket and hold in check the enemy at Kernstown, who had driven in one brigade of General Averell's division. This brigade held the position during the night.

On the 23rd of July, at 7 p. m., I received notice from Colonel Higgins that the enemy were advancing and driving back his skirmish line. I immediately communicated this information to General Crook, under whose orders I proceeded with my command to Kernstown. At this point I engaged the enemy with my cavalry and Keeper's battery of artillery until about 3 p. m. One brigade, under Colonel Tibbits, was deployed in line of battle on the right, while the Second Brigade occupied the left, with a line of mounted skirmishers along the whole front. One regiment was sent on a side road to the right in order to prevent a flank movement. At 1

