
of the Twenty-first New York Cavalry, which was with me, and charged the rebels as they came in view of the column, some 200 or 300 yards in front of us on our line of retreat. With this squadron I succeeded in striking the flank of the rebel column, checking and turning them back temporarily, but owing to the jaded condition of the horses, which had been all day on duty, it was impossible to follow up the advantage. Colonel Hayes, with his infantry brigade, changed front on his right wing, and gave the enemy a very destructive volley. At the same time Colonel Tibbits charged the enemy on the right of the road, and succeeded in checking them. Subsequently, just after dark, Major Jennings, with the two squadrons of the Twenty-first New York Cavalry, on the left of the road, again charged the enemy with the endeavor to capture some prisoners, but was unsuccessful, the enemy's horses being much better than his. I regret to report that Colonel Higgins, commanding the Second Brigade, which went with the wagon train, by his shameful mismanagement and by orders given to the teamsters to take the trot, together with the circulating of a rumor from the rear to the effect that our artillery had been charged in the rear and a part of it captured, caused a disgraceful stampede amongst the wagons, resulting in the abandonment and burning of some twenty wagons. That night my command lay in line of battle near Bunker Hill.

On the 25th I arrive in Martinsburg in the rear of the army. My division was engaged with the enemy most of the day. With the Second Brigade I charged and drove the enemy from the town. Colonel Tibbits with his brigade charged the enemy beyond the town and drove him back. The casualties in my command were slight this day. Upon the retreat of the army this night to Williamsport my command covered the rear, arriving in camp at 1 a. m. of the 26th.

On the 26th of July, at 7 a. m., under orders from General Crook, I proceeded with my command to Sharpsburg, Md., to picket the fords on the Potomac from Downsville to Harper's Ferry. I placed one brigade on picket.

On the 27th of July I received orders from General Crook to proceed with my command to Harper's Ferry, Va. I reached here (Harper's Ferry) and camped the same day at Pleasant Valley, near Sandy Hook, leaving, however, my pickets at all the fords on the Potomac which I had been ordered to picket.

Permit me to state that during this campaign of twelve days, which has been a very arduous one, I have been unable to secure forage of grain for my horses, and, during a part of the time, not even hay. The horses of my command were unshod when started from Martinsburg on the 14th of July, many of them having just been drawn, while the remainder had marched from Charleston to Parkersburg, W. Va. My command had just returned from Lynchburg, Va., and were completely worn down. Indeed, I may say they have been on the march continually since the last of April, a period of three months.

A tabular statement of the losses in my command during the period covered in this report is appended.

My command is now almost utterly worn down. The horses are thin in flesh, and without shoes. The men are without necessary clothing. A little time for rest and reorganization is very greatly needed. An entire remount is required. All the regiments are

