
support to my batteries. The enemy, unprepared for such a vigorous onset, after a short but determined resistance, were thrown into confusion, driven from the woods and along the road and across the fields toward Winchester, leaving 4 guns, 73 killed, and 130 wounded on the field. Seventeen officers and 250 men were captured. Our loss was 53 killed, 155 wounded, and 6 missing. Advancing my cavalry and artillery I pressed the pursuit, but soon found that I could not venture with the force at my command to inflict further injury upon the enemy without an imminent risk of losing all I had gained. I therefore maintained my position until dark, constantly threatening the enemy with a renewal of the attack until the cannon, prisoners, and wounded were sent toward Martinsburg. The enemy's force engaged was a division of infantry commanded by Major-General Ramseur and the cavalry brigades of Brigadier-Generals Vaughn and Imboden and Colonel Jackson, in all about 5,000 strong. At dark, finding the enemy accumulating on my front, and having succored the wounded, I left pickets along our front line and retired two miles with the main body and went into camp for the night.

At daylight on the ensuing morning my cavalry advanced, and, finding that the enemy had evacuated Winchester, continued the pursuit, pressing his rear beyond Middletown. Not knowing whether General Crook had attacked the column of the enemy on the Millwood road, I considered it unsafe to advance beyond Winchester with the infantry and artillery until I had been informed of the fact.

On the 21st I received an order to await the arrival of General Crook, who, reaching Winchester on the 22d, assumed command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Hagerstown, July 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my division from the 22nd of July to the present date:

On the 22nd instant Brevet Major-General Crook arrived with his command from Berryville at Winchester and assumed command. Colonel Duval's brigade of infantry, which had been serving with me since the 17th, now reported to the major-general commanding. One brigade of my division (Powell's) was picketing the roads leading south from Winchester as far as Middletown and Millwood. The other was picketing the roads east and west of the town. On the evening of the 22nd the enemy with one division of cavalry and one of infantry pressed back Powell's brigade to Kernstown, the cavalry division of Brigadier-General Duffie relieving Powell's brigade that night.

On the ensuing day the enemy attacked at about 10 a. m. with his entire force on the Strasburg road. Preparing my division for action, I received orders from the major-general commanding to gain the enemy's rear, by passing around his right, to destroy his trains and inflict all the injury [I could] upon his forces. I at once marched upon the road to Front Royal. At a distance of two miles from Winchester I met an obstinate resistance from the enemy, but

