
about 4 o'clock, and then fell back one-half mile and encamped for the night. Meanwhile part of the regiment was ordered back to the battle-field to collect small-arms, and assistant the wounded.

May 10, left camp at 6 o'clock, the regiment being on the advance; marched down the railroad within a few hundred yards of the river, when the rebels opened a terrific artillery fire upon us, but was soon silenced by our batteries. Lieutenant-Colonel Tapper was ordered by Colonel H. G. Sickel, commanding brigade, to support a section of Sims' [McMullin's] (Ohio) battery, which was in position on a hill opposite the bridge. The bridge was burned, the rebels routed, and a complete victory achieved. The brigade was again put in motion, the Fourth being on the advance, and marched up to Pepper's Ferry, where we crossed and encamped for the night on the bank of New River.

May 11, left camp at 6 o'clock. Marched nine miles, arrived at Blacksburg, and encamped for the night.

May 12, left camp at Blacksburg about 5 o'clock; passed through Newport, our brigade making a flank movement; came upon the camp of the Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry (rebel), but the left in a hurry, leaving camp and garrison equipage behind. We then passed over Salt Lake Mountain, and encamped in the wilderness for the night.

May 13, left camp and marched fifteen miles, and captured a wagon train of 15 wagons and 1 piece of artillery, and encamped within eight miles of Union.

May 14, left camp and marched five miles - the roads were very bed - and encamped for the night.

May 15, left camp at 6 o'clock, passed through Salt Sulphur Springs at 10 o'clock, and through Union at 11.30 o'clock, and encamped at 2 o'clock; distance marched, six miles. Regiment guarding wagon train.

May 16, left camp at 7 o'clock, and marched thirteen miles, and encamped near Greenbrier River.

May 17, remained in camp near the river all day.

May 18, crossed the Greenbrier River, and marched four miles; encamped for the night.

May 19, left camp at 7 o'clock, and arrived at Meadow Bluff at 3 o'clock; marched fourteen miles; passed through Blue Sulphur Springs.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS F. B. TAPPER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves, Commanding Regiment

Colonel H. G. SICKEL, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Daniel Frost, Eleventh West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH WEST VIRGINIA INFTY. VOLS.,Meadow Bluff, W. Va., May 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of marches and services performed by my regiment:

Arrived at Camp Piatt Monday, 24th April, and brigaded with the Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves and Fifteenth West Virginia Volunteers, under command of Colonel H. G. Sickel, Third Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

3 R - VOL XXXVII, PT I

