
July 25.-Retired through Martinsburg; slightly engaged.

July 26.-Crossed the Potomac and encamped at Hagerstown.

July 29.-Driven from Hagerstown by rebel cavalry under McCausland.

July 30.-Chased McCausland through Chambersburg, and via New London, London, and (31st) McConnellsburg to Hancock, from which place he was driven by the attack of the division on the 31st.

SECOND BRIGADE, COMMANDED BY Colonel WILLIAMS H. POWELL, SECOND WEST VIRGINIA CAVALRY.

July 2.-Returned to Charleston, W. Va., from Lynchburg raid.

July 8.-Started from Charleston.

July 12.-Arrived at Parkersburg.

July 16.-Left Parkersburg and arrived at Martinsburg, W. Va., on the 18th, having come through by railroad; remained until the 19th, when the command moved in the direction of Winchester, Va.

July 20.-Fought the battle of Stephenson's Depot.

July 22.-Fought the battle of Newtown.

July 24.-Was in the battle of Winchester.

July 25.-Fought the battle of Martinsburg.

July 26.-Crossed the Potomac River at Williamsport and encamped near Hagerstown, Md.

July 29.-Had some very sharp skirmishing with the advance of General Jubal Early's command at Hagerstown; fell back to Greencastle, Pa.

July 30.-Moved to Chambersburg, Pa., and commenced the pursuit of the rebel General McCausland's command of cavalry.

Numbers 74. Report of Major General Darius N. Couch, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Susquehanna, of the burning of Chambersburg, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Harrisburg, Pa., August 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 27th ultimo, Brigadier-General Averell, of the Department of West Virginia, with his force lay at Hagerstown, Md., covering the several fords of the Potomac in that vicinity. At his request I sent him my mounted men, orders and within the department Lieutenant H. T. McLean's party of forty cavalry from Carlisle Barracks, that covered the roads leading toward Mercersburg, and Captain R. M. Evans's company of Independent Philadelphia Scouts, an unpaid force that watched in the vicinity of Emmitsburg. At Chambersburg there was part of an infantry company, under Captain T. S. McGowan, and a piece of field artillery.

On the 28th six companies of 100-days' infantry that were called to Chambersburg were directed by orders to be sent to Hagerstown, where they arrived on the morning of the 29th. After midday of

