
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CHAMBERSBURG, July 29, 1864.

General AVERELL,

Hagerstown:

Should the enemy turn your right flank and move into this State, will you pursue them, provided they threaten your front; or, if they move on your right flank in overpowering numbers, will you fall back into this Valley or move to the left? It will be of great service for me to know this. If you can't safely send this by telegraph, but wish to let me know, can't you send it up by confidential messenger?

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HAGERSTOWN, July 29, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

I will not uncover Cumberland Valley, unless compelled to do so.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Harrisburg, Pa., August 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report relating to the late invasion by the rebels in Chambersburg, Pa., on the morning of the 30th of July, 1864. Being on detached duty at headquarters of the department at that place, and unavoidably detained there, I was present both on the entree and departure of their force in and out of town, and was both an eye-witness and observator of the following, which came under my immediate observation:

The rebels entered the town with a force of (I do not think over) 500 mounted men, under the command of Generals McCausland and Bradley T. Johnson, the main body being encamped on the fair grounds, about one and a half miles out of town, on the Pittsburg pike. Before entering the rebels fired two shells in the town. They then entered by almost every alley and by-street by small squads prior to the advance of the main body, which came up directly in the rear. On arriving into town, General McCausland informed me personally that if I had any self-interest at stake it would be well for me to listen to the order he would read and get the municipal authorities together to hold a meeting and comply with their desires. The order itself was handed me, which I rad myself, the purport of which was as follows:

That in retaliation of the depredations committed by Major-General Hunter, of the U. S. forces, during his recent aid, it is ordered that the citizens of Chambersburg pay to the Confederate States by General McCausland the sum of $100,000 in gold; or in lieu thereof $500,000 in greenbacks or national currency was required to ransom the town, otherwise the town would be laid in ashes within three hours.

The order was signed by General Early. After reading the order I started to find the town council. Meeting one of them I informed him of the facts, when he told me that the citizens would not pay them 5 cents. I returned and met General Bradley T. Johnson on the portico of the Franklin Hotel. The rebels were by this time dismounted and breaking in the doors of stores and houses, and had already commenced plundering. When they entered it was 5.30 a. m., from which time I was in company with both Generals McCausland

