
land and Johnson (being in citizen's dress they did not know me). General McCausland was appealed to by Johnson to relent or at least give the citizens more time, but he was determined. At 9 o'clock McCausland ordered the town burnt. In a few moments the commissary store-house was in flames, during which time McCausland and Gilmor were riding through town notifying the citizens, pointing to the flames, that he intended to carry his threat into execution. He returned to the Franklin Hotel and had a consultation with General Bradley T. Johnson, during which I overheard McCausland say that General Averell was only four miles out of town with a force of 2,000 cavalry, and that he would now burn the town and return the way they came. In a few moments the court-house and town-hall were in flames, when simultaneously on the right and left sides of the main street was in one mass of flames; but little time elapsed when the houses on both sides of the by-streets were in the same condition. I repaired to the hotel and found a party of rebels ransacking the trunks of the boarders, and donning the clothes contained therein. In my trunk was my uniform, other clothes, and letters, &amp;c., by which they learned that I was connected with the headquarters of the department. They immediately took me prisoner, when they confined me in a tin store adjoining the hotel, where they dressed themselves in my clothes, destroying the emblems of the U. S. service. I was thus confined until the houses on both sides the one in which I was imprisoned were in flames, when I escaped through a window to the rear of the building. At this time (about 12 m.) the rebels were mounted and on their return, leaving only a small number as stragglers and pickets. When they left nearly two-thirds of their party were in a state of intoxication, hardly capable of sitting on their horses. I remained in Chambersburg until midnight of Saturday, when I walked to Shippensburg, arriving in Harrisburg on Monday.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. S. KOCHERSPERGER,

Sergeant, Company L, Twentieth Regiment Penn. Cavalry, Indorsement Clerk at Hdqrs. Dept. of the Susquehanna.

Major JOHN S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., October 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that in my report of the burning of Chambersburg, Pa., dated Harrisburg, August 8, 1864., I stated "It is certain that both Brigadier-Generals McCausland and Bradley Johnson were present." Upon subsequent and fuller investigation, I think there is a doubt about the latter officer being in the town, he having remained with the main body of the rebels force at the fair grounds just outside.

I respectfully request that this statement may be appended to the report above alluded to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

