
Marched for Montgomery's Ferry on Saturday, 30th April, with six companies, to wit, B, C, D, G, I, and K, and camped for the night at Clifton, on the farm of Mrs. Susan Norris.

May 1, marched at 7.30 a. m., arriving at Montgomery's Ferry at 4 p. m.

May 2, marched for Fayetteville, arriving at 2 p. m.

May 3, marched to Loup Creek.

May 4, marched through Raleigh Court-House to camp on Piney Creek.

May 5, marched to camp Creek, Mercer County, twenty-two miles.

May 6, marched to Princeton, Mercer County.

May 7, the Third Brigade in advance, and Company G, of the Eleventh Regiment, deployed as skirmishers in the advance guard, marched to Rocky Gap, Bland County.

May 8, marched to walker's Creek, Pulaski County, sixteen miles from Dublin Depot.

May 9 (Monday), left Walker's Creel, and arriving at Cloyd's Mountain our regiment was marched to the left of the road, through the woods, over the mountain. About 9 a. m. the enemy opened upon us from his works at the foot of the mountain with his artillery. Formed line of battle in the woods and ordered to advance upon the enemy's left center. The regiment emerged from the woods under severe fire of musketry, grape, shell, and canister. We charged across the meadow in front of the enemy's works, firing several volleys upon them. Our regiment was the first in the left defenses of the enemy. Upon the retiring of the rebel forces we pursued, and arriving at Dublin Depot encamped for the night. Our losses in this engagement were George W. Prunty, private, Company D, killed, and 9 wounded. Lieutenant and Adjt. John H. McLaughlin, serving at the time as aide-de-camp on the staff of Colonel Sickel, commanding brigade, was severely wounded in the left side and shoulder by a shell, and was left in hospital at Cloyd's farm.

On the 10th marched at 5 a. m. and engaged the enemy at New River bridge, Company B of our regiment deployed as advance skirmishers. Three companies were left at Dublin Depot as pickets, and Company C ordered to the support of a battery on the right of the railroad. I was ordered to assume command of the Fifteenth Regiment and the remaining company of my regiment, with which I advanced to the river below the bridge and fired several volleys into the retreating enemy. Upon retreat of the enemy, Company B, Captain Meyers, of the Eleventh, and Company B, of the Fifteenth, Captain Egan, advanced to the bridge. Lieutenant Parks, Company B, of the Eleventh, took the match from his pocket and handed it to Captain Egan, who fired the bridge. Our casualties in this engagement were 5 wounded. We marched down the river to Pepper's Ferry, where we crossed and camped for the night.

May 11, left camp at 5 a. m. and marched to Blacksburg, Montgomery County. At this point our rations were entirely exhausted.

May 12, marched at 4.30 a. m. At Newport we were deployed into line to meet a force of Colonel French that came down a road from New River Narrows. The enemy retreated up the road, and my battalion was placed upon it about a half a mile from the intersection to prevent his attack upon our train. Filing into the rear of the train, we reached the camp on Salt Pond Mountain, in the midst of a heavy rain, without shelter or food.

