
Numbers 77. Report of Captain R. M. Evans, Philadelphia City Scouts, of affair at Emmitsburg.

GETTYSBURG, July 30, 1864.

My pickets were driven in at Emmitsburg this afternoon about one mile from the town by about 200 rebels. I was in danger of being cut off with my command, as there are a great many by-roads running from the mountains. I was about entering Gettysburg with my command when about fifty men from the Virginia cavalry came through, reporting the rebels were about one mile from here. I immediately sent out scouts, but could find no rebels. All is quiet. I have picketed the roads leading in and out of the town. Will send a scouting party out immediately. I sent out my first lieutenant and four men this morning in direction of Monterey Springs. I can hear nothing from them as yet.

R. M. EVANS,

Captain, Philadelphia City Scouts.

Major JOHN S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 78. Report of Colonel George W. Gile, Commanding First Brigade, U. S. Veteran Reserve Corps, of the defense of Washington.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, VETERAN RESERVE CORPS,Washington, D. C., July 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps, during the late rebel invasion:

Pursuant to orders received from headquarters Military District, dated July 10, 1864, the Ninth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant Colonel R. E. Johnston commanding, left Camp Fry, D. C., at 4 p. m. and reported to Major-General McCook, commanding at Crystal Spring, Md., at 8 p. m., and bivouacked for the night, the rest of the brigade remaining in camp (with orders to be ready to move at short notice) until 6 p. m., when I received orders to report without delay to you. I immediately ordered the regiments of the brigade to rendezvous at Camp Fry, and at 9.15 p. m. the brigade took up the line of march, arriving at Tennallytown at 11. 15 p. m., when, in accordance with your instructions, the following disposition was made of the command: The Twenty-second Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant Colonel A. Rutherford commanding, was placed in the rifle-pits in front of Fort Sumner; the Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant Colonel F. S. Palmer commanding, in rifle-pits on the left of Fort Reno and directly in front of Tennallytown, its right resting on the Rockville pike; the First Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant-Colonel Trotter commanding, on the right of Fort Reno in the rifle-pits; the Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Regiments, commanded respectively by Colonel O. V. Dayton and Major J. W. H. Stickney, massed in column of division directly in rear of Fort Reno.

