
occupy the rifle-pits extending from Fort Reno to the left of the Rockville pike. In addition to his it furnished three commissioned officers and eighty-two enlisted men for picket. At 5 p. m. the First Regiment was relieved by the Twenty-fifth Regiment New York Cavalry (dismounted) and occupied the rifle-pits vacated by the Sixth Regiment. Having received information that enemy were planting some artillery on the right of a building in front of our lines, at 5 p. m. I ordered Captain Clark, Company H, Sixth Regiment, to advance his company and ascertain if such was the fact, and if so, to burn the building occupied by the rebel sharpshooters. He obeyed the order promptly and drove the rebel skirmishers beyond the building, but was here confronted by a reserve of about 200; maintaining his position he made a personal observation and found the report to be incorrect, when in obedience to instructions from me he withdrew his force in a manner highly creditable to himself and men. Captain Clark and four of his men were wounded in this reconnaissance. At 7.30 p. m. the enemy sent forward a force to strengthen their line on our right. A sharp skirmish ensued in which the enemy was compelled to withdraw.

At 12 p. m. I received orders to have the command up and under arms at once, which order I complied with and remained in that position until 5 a. m. July 13, when I sent out one commissioned officers and ten privates to reconnoiter and ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy. They advanced several miles and found that they had withdrawn their picket-line and retreated during the night. This fact I immediately reported to headquarters. At 7.30 a. m. six companies of the Sixth Regiment were ordered to proceed about six miles on the Rockville pike, to support a section of artillery and Colonel Lowell's cavalry, then engaging the enemy. At 12.30 p. m. all troops of the brigade then on the skirmish line, except the Ninth Regiment, were relieved and took their former positions in the rifle-pits. At 2 p. m. the Sixth Regiment returned to Fort ReNumbers At 8.40 p. m. I received your order to report with my command without delay to General De Russy at Arlington. This order was obeyed as promptly as possible, and at 2 p. m. July 14 I reported with all my command, except the Ninth Regiment, to General De Russy.

Our loss during the skirmish in the defenses north of the city was:*

The conduct of officers and mend of the various regiments of the brigade was unexceptionable. I should deem it unjust to particularize those whom opportunity made conspicuous, satisfied that all fully appreciated the great responsibility resting upon them, knew their duty, and performed it. Regimental reports+ herewith inclosed rehearse in detail the several duties performed by them during our brief campaign.

All of which is very respectfully submitted by very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GILE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps.

Colonel WARNER,

Commanding Defenses of Washington near Tennallytown.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 1 officers and 20 men wounded.

+ Not found.

---------------

