HEADQUARTERS,July 23, 1864.

General Early reports that General Ramseur on the 20th attacked the enemy, under Generals Averell and Crook, advancing on Winchester. Encountering a much superior force, he was compelled to fall back to the fortifications at Winchester, where he checked their advance. He lost 4 pieces of artillery, 250 men in killed, wounded, and missing. General Early had moved to Strasburg to concentrate his troops and protect his train. The Sixth and Nineteenth Corps were moving back through Leesburg to Alexandria.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DUNN'S HILL, July 26, 1864.

General Early states he attacked Major-General Crook on the 24th instant on the old battle-field of Kernstown, completely routing him, and pursued him five miles beyond Winchester, where he was compelled to halt from the exhaustion of his men, they having marched twenty-five miles that day. The pursuit was continued by the cavalry. Among the prisoners captured was General Mulligan, mortally wounded. Brigadier-General Lilley and our other officers and men captured on the 20th were recovered. The strength of the enemy is stated to have been 15,000 infantry, besides the cavalry under Averell.

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

DUNN'S HILL, July 28, 1864.

General Early reports that the enemy has retreated across the Potomac at Williamsport, burning over seventy wagons and abandoning twelve caissons. Our troops occupy Martinsburg.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 80. Report of Lieutenant General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, of operations July 8-14, including the battle of the Monocacy and operations against Washington, D. C.

LEESBURG, July 14, 1864.

GENERAL: After driving Sigel's whole force of several thousand men to Maryland Heights and demonstrating against him, I moved on the 8th around his force through Boonsborough, Fox's and Crampton's Gaps, and entered Frederick City on the morning of the 9th, driving the enemy's cavalry through the city. I found Wallace in force at Monocacy Junction, his force being stated in Northern accounts at 10,000, and consisting in part of the Third Division, of the

