
May 13, marched to north foot of Peter's Mountain. we were ordered by Colonel Sickel to cross the mountain in advance, and to take a position on the other side to prevent the enemy from taking position there. Company B was deployed as skirmishers, and ascending the mountain, we came upon an abandoned provision train, and one piece of artillery, of which we took possession after a slight skirmish.

May 14, marched at 12 m. to Indian Creek, Monroe County.

May 15, marched to Union, Monroe County.

May 16, left Union and marched to within one mile of Alderson's Ferry, Greenbrier River, where, the river being high and facilities for crossing limited, we remained until the 18th instant, when we crossed and marched to a point three miles this side the ferry, on Muddy Creek, Greenbrier County.

May 19, we marched to this place. This is the first active field service our regiment has experienced, and they have with commendable endurance and patience made heavy marches, with short, and part of the time no rations, and many of them barefoot. I have no data from which to ascertain correctly, but hear the distance marched by our command estimated at 246 miles.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FROST,

Colonel Eleventh West Virginia Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. S. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Morris, Fifteenth West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment VIRGINIA VOL. INFANTRY,Meadow Bluff, May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late expedition commanded by Brigadier-General Crook:

On the evening of the 29th of April, 1864, I received orders to move my command on the morning of the 30th, at 7 o'clock, and in accordance with said order we moved in the direction of Kanawha Falls, arriving at that point on the morning of the 1st of May, making a distance of twenty-eight miles.

On the morning of the 2nd instant received orders to move at 5 a. m. Moved in direction of Fayetteville, crossing Cotton Mountain; reached Fayetteville at 3 p. m. and halted for the night.

On the morning of 3rd took up our of march in direction of Princeton, Mercer County, W. Va., a distance of seventy-two miles from Fayetteville, which point we reached on the morning of the 6th instant, all of my command that started with me still being present.

On the morning of the 7th started in direction of Cross-Roads, a distance of forty-three miles, where we halted for the night the evening of the 8th instant.

