
to relieve him at once of the embarrassing situation he finds himself in at Richmond, at least among his brother officers and before his old commander; and hence I have written to you, who I know feel strong interest in all of us, and have opportunities of placing him, Ramseur, fairly before his brother officers. I regret very much I have not yet been able to furnish you my report of operations up to the time you left us. I have not had the time and the courage at the same moment to undertake it; and in truth our life here is one of such constant motion, and constant separation from baggage, as to make it, together with the constant expectancy of a cavalry fight, which belongs to this division now, even when in camp, that I am unable to concentrate my thoughts upon anything except my immediate military duty. I have not succeeded in getting in all the brigade reports either. I hope soon, however, to send you the whole budget, and in the mean time would like to know how you wish it arranged, and up to what time you desire it to be made to you. I hope you will not send in your still mine is before you, for I depend upon you along to get my share of the glory of the actions of the Wilderness, and 12th of May, which have so far reflected glory on all concerned on our side except me. I claim to have been your right-bower on the 12th May, and feel that I did my duty that day fully. Carter has just arrived here, very much to our delight.*

Yours, very respectfully and sincerely,

R. E. RODES.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 84. Report of Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade, of skirmish near Shepherdstown, W. Va.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,One and a half miles from Shepherdstown, On the road to Martinsburg, July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: By maneuvering more than fighting the enemy's infantry and cavalry (about 1,500, so far as I can learn) compelled me to fall back to this point, and they are now in possession of Shepherdstown and still moving to flank me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON.

Numbers 85. Report of Brigadier General Bradley T. Johnston, C. S. Army, of operations July 28-August 3.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSTON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Mount Jackson, August 10, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders headquarters cavalry, Valley District, on the 28th of July I reported to Brigadier-General Mc

---------------

*Some strictly personal matter omitted.

---------------

