
JUNE 29, 1864-Skirmishes at Charlestown and Duffied's Station, W. Va.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Division, Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. Army, commanding at Harper's Ferry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Division, Department of West Virginia.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., June 30, 1864.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Yesterday at 1 p. m. the enemy, 500 cavalry, with two guns, broke through our lines at Charlestown. After a skirmish with our cavalry attacked a company of infantry at Duffied's Station, capturing about 25 men. They destroyed a storehouse and the telegraph wires, but did not damage the railroad, as our troops moved promptly against them from Martinsburg, Smithfield, and Harper's Ferry. The enemy escaped across the Shenandoah into Loudoun County by Berry's Ferry.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. Army, commanding at Harper's Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., June 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 29th instant I received reliable information to the effect that Mosby with a considerable force was in the vicinity of Charlestown, W. Va., and reported the fact by telegraph to division headquarters at 10.30 a. m. Between 1 and 2 p. m. the wires between this post and Martinsburg were cut and communication ceased. About 3 o'clock an attack was made upon my picket-line toward Charlestown, and during the afternoon there was heavy skirmishing along my whole line of pickets on that front. Later in the day a report was received from the by superior numbers of the enemy at that point and calling for re-enforcements. I at once sent 50 cavalry toward Duffield's to feel the enemy and watch their movements, and 400 infantry were ordered to that point. Subsequently information was received that the enemy had routed our men; had plundered and burned the camp, stores, and store-houses at Duffield's; had retired without doing further damage, and moved in the direction of Key's Ford, intending to cross there. I sent the 300 infantry at once to Key's Ford, where they remained until 7 this a. m, when they returned without seeing

---------------

*See also Mosby's report, p. 3.

---------------

