
anything of the enemy. Our loss as nearly as can be now ascertained is 38 in killed, wounded, and missing. The force of the enemy was not far from 400 men, with two pieces of artillery. From all the reports received it appears that the force at Duffield's had not even a picket out, were surprised, and consequently retired with hardly a show of resistance. The matter will be carefully investigated. Allow me once more to express the opinion that a permanent force of good cavalry are necessary at this point, as the enemy are constantly crossing and recrossing near here, and from Harper's Ferry cavalry can with promptness and effect.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 6, 1864-Action at Mount Zion Church, near Aldie, Va.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Henry M. Lazelle, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding brigade.

NEAR FALLS CHURCH, VA.,

July 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report of Major Forbes' scout as complete as is yet possible. I have not talked with Lieutenant Kuhls or Captain Stone, who is badly wounded, but send what I learned on the ground:

Major Forbes left here with 150 men (100 Second Massachusetts Cavalry, 50 Thirteenth New York Cavalry) Monday, p. m. Tuesday a. m. went through Aldie, and found all quiet toward the gaps. Tuesday p. m. went by Ball's Mill to Leesburg. Heard of Mosby's raid at Point of Rocks, and learned that he had sent four or five wagons of plunder through Leesburg, under a guard of about sixty men, the afternoon before. Heard nothing of any other force this side of the ridge. He returned that night to the south of Goose Creek, as directed, and on Wednesday a. m. went again by Ball's Mill to Leesburg. Still heard nothing of Mosby or any force. From what I learn from citizens I think Mosby passed between Leesburg and the Potomac some time on Tuesday, crossed Goose Creek, and moved westward toward Aldie on Wednesday; learned of Major Forbes' second visit to Leesburg, and laid in ambush for him at Ball's Mill. Major Forbes returned from Leesburg by Centre's Mill (four miles above), came down by Aldie, and halted for

---------------

*See also Mosby's report, p. 4.

---------------

