
On the morning of the 9th instant started in the direction of Dublin Depot. After proceeding a distance of two miles Company E, commanded by Captain W. M. Paul, of my command, were detailed and sent in advance as skirmishers to feel the whereabouts of the enemy. Before advancing one-half mile they were engaged in a lively skirmish with the enemy, in which 1 man fell mortally wounded. Company B, commanded by Captain M. egan, was sent as skirmishers on the right of Company E, at which time my whole command was ordered forward. After advancing about one-half mile four companies of my command were ordered to the right of the main road (where they were joined by the two companies which had been skirmishing) to feel the strength of the enemy and to ascertain what forces were in that direction, in which position I remained until about 12 m. The remaining four companies, under Major M. Wells, advanced along the main road about one-half mile, and there halted until a line of battle was formed, the four companies under Major Wells forming the extreme right of our brigade and also of the division, at which time six companies, under my own immediate command, were held as a reserve and support to the battery on right of the road. About 1 o'clock the whole line was ordered to advance, which they did in fine order in the face of a most galling fire from the enemy, the whole loss of my command, after the commencement of the regular engagement, being in the four companies commanded by Major Wells. One man of Company K was killed, Lieutenant R. M. Haverly wa fatally wounded, and Captain W. J. Nichols severely wounded in the head, and 10 enlisted men severely wounded. These casualties mostly occurred as the four companies were gaining the eminence on the right of the road, and in front of battery on the rebels' left.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both officers and men In this engagement, especially Captain W. J. Nichols, of Company D, who after receiving two painful wounds in the head still remained with his company, rallying them on to victory.

After the battle was over the four companies under Major Wells rejoined my six companies, and we marched triumphantly after our brave leaders into Dublin, having our confidence highly increased in both our brigade and division commanders. Halted for the night, after fighting and marching nine miles, near Dublin, where our boys replenished their haversacks from the commissary supplies furnished by the rebel General Jenkins.

On the morning of the 10th Surgeon Walsh, Assistant Surgeon Johnston, with two enlisted men of my command, were detailed to remained behind and attend the wounded that were left behind. I also received order to move at 6 a. m. We moved up the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad in direction of New River bridge, Company B, of my command, acting as skirmishers and advance guard. After moving about two miles, and while in a brushy wood to right of county road and left of railroad, the enemy opened out his batteries, shelling the woods mostly to our rear. The command was ordered to halt and lie down, but 3 men were slightly wounded. After remaining in the woods about one hour we were ordered to advanced, which I did until I reached the top of the eminence above New River, to the left of the bridge. While advancing 1 man was slightly wounded in the head, making in all 4 wounded during the engagement. Company B of my command set fire to

