
field till every man had left it, emptied his revolver, and, in the second field, where Company A tried to stand, he disabled one man with his saber, and lunged through Colonel Mosby's coat. His horse was then killed and fell on his leg, pinning him till he was compelled to surrender.

More than 100 horses were taken. Accouterments, arms, &amp;c., will also be missing. I cannot yet give the precise number.

Mosby's force is variously estimated at from 175 to 250, mrs. Davis and her daughter putting it at 250 to 300 men. I think he had probably about 200. What his loss was I cannot say, as he picket up all his dead and wounded and took them off in the night. The Union people in Aldie report that he took them of fin the night. The Union people in Aldie report that he took them in five wagons. A wounded sergeant reports hearing the names of 3 or 4 spoken of as killed; 1 mortally wounded man was left on the ground. I think the chance was an excellent one to whip Mosby and take his gun. I have no doubt Major Forbes though so too; as the wounded men say there was not enough difference in numbers to talk about. The chance was lost. I have scouting parties out to Centreville to watch Thoroughfare Gap and the country south, but have not at present any party to the north beyond Chantilly and Dranesville. A part of my picket-line had not been relieved for two days. I shall try to see the general this p. m. for a few minutes, if there is nothing new here and if the orderly brings word that he had returned to the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Henry M. Lazelle, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., July 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that intelligence reached here about 3 o'clock this a. m. of an attack on Major Forbes' party near Aldie at about 6 o'clock last evening, brought in by men who were separated from the column and have found their way to camp.

The most intelligible account that can be gathered is that while on its return to camp the party was attacked by about 300 men, with one piece of artillery, near the old church at Aldie, the rebels remaining concealed in the woods and firing upon our party with their artillery and small-arms. The men know nothing as to the result of the attack, but agree in reporting that a portion of our party was thrown into disorder, and that many riderless horses were seen running loose. The supposition is that our men were dismounted and instructed to fight on foot. Nothing is known concerning Major Forbes or any officers of the command. Colonel Lowell started out about 4 o'clock this morning to the scene of the engagement with a party of about 250 men and four ambulances.

