
JULY 15, 1864.-Affair at Accotink, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Gustavus A. De Russy, U. S. Army.

ARLINGTON, July 15, 1864-4.35 p. m.

I have just returned from Fort Lyon. Two hundred men of Mosby's command attacked the home guard at Accotink at about 12 o'clock this a. m. One killed on each side.

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 18-21, 1864.-Scout from Falls Church, Va.

Report of Colonel Henry M. Lazelle, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., July 21, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the return to camp of a portion of a party of ten men sent out under charge of Second Lieutenant Gray, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, on Monday evening last. The party on its return to camp, about 4 a. m. to-day, and while between Sangster's and Fairfax Stations was ambuscaded by a party of from fifty to sixty rebels, resulting, so far as known, in a loss of 5 men taken prisoners and 7 horses. Lieutenant Gray went from here to Bristoe Station, thence to Warrenton, thence to Culpeper, thence to Waterloo, via Little Washington, toward Manassas. From Manassas Gap to Upperville, thence to Salem, thence down the road toward New Baltimore and thence back to Warrenton. Mr. Gray reports that the enemy have a small force of cavalry at culpeper, and that he saw many wagons laden with supplies in the country passed through making in direction of the gaps. Lieutenant Gray narrowly escaped capture at Sangster's Station, and only succeeded in doing so by getting into the thick woods out of sight, and picking his way cautiously to camp. The country about Bull Run Mr. Gray reports as infested with numerous bands of guerrillas, probably on the lookout for our parties. No other than small bands were seen by him in the country through which he traveled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

JULY 26, 1864.-Scout toward Rapidan Station, Va.

Report of Colonel Henry M. Lazelle, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., July 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the party sent to the Rapidan has returned. The officer in command reports having

