
companies of the Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry at Little Levels, two companies at Huntersville and Jacktown. Was between Sulphur Springs and the Warm Springs. There were 300 of the Twentieth Virginia Cavalry at Crab Bottom. Very little forage in the country. Several horses gave out. Did not think it prudent to go further. Colonel Harris says I took the right course under circumstances.

J. B. GORE,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

I have no positive information yet whether a large force of the enemy is in the Shenandoah Valley. From all reports received I believe that there is not. McNeill and Imboden, with 1,000 men, and Rosser, with 2,000 men, are near Front Royal and woodstock; their pickets at Cedar Creek and their scouts at Winchester. General Elzey has probably moved from Staunton to Woodstock with about 3,000 to 4,000 infantry and artillery. We will occupy Winchester to-day with all our forces, consisting of about 4,000 infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and three batteries, and push our advance toward Cedar Creek.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,Cacapon Bridge, W. VA., May 1, 1864.

[Major-General STAHEL:]

GENERAL: The scouting party sent out yesterday failed to discover your headquarters, and I move to-day in two columns to Jamesburg, one under command of Major Douglass via Winchester, and the main body by Pughtown. My rations are expended and my forage well nigh run out. I send copies of orders received by telegram at Springfield. It is not explicit as to the course I am to pursue upon my arrival here, and I am necessitated to move without your order toward a base of supply. I shall thoroughly scout the country to my right and left, and use every effort to effect something with my command ere I reach Jamesburg. The whereabouts of the force mentioned in your dispatch is not known, but we were too late in our arrival here to capture or disperse them. I am in hopes that the column moving by Winchester (with whom I shall keep up communication) will ferret them out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. WYNKOOP,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY EXPEDITION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 1. Brownstown, May 1, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding desires to say a few words to the officers and men of his command before setting out upon the journey it is about to make. The following important rules ar mentioned for your guidance: First, on the march guard carefully against sudden and violent changes of gait, which soon tire and break down your horses. Second, in camp or bivouac, first look after the wants of your horses, and be silent that all may rest. Third, in action, listen to the commands of your officers, and be always ready, with your arms in good order.

