
This expedition will demand the exercise of your best soldierly qualities. Hunger and fatigue will be your greatest enemies; let them be met with stout hearts. Your actions will doubtless be criticized; let no one have cause to say that you have disturbed the rights of private citizens in any way, but oblige every one to observe the justice and rectitude of your course. You are called upon to maintain the reputation you have already gained. As your commanding officer, I feel the load, of heavy responsibility; but relying upon your strength, I feel confident that I shall bear it easily, and that we shall achieve all the results we st out to accomplish. The occasion is great; you must be equal to it.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIV., DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 1. Charleston, W. Va., May 1, 1864.

1. Brigadier-General Duffie will select 1,000 men, best mounted and best equipped, from his brigade, which, with the brigade of Colonel Schoonmaker, will constitute an expeditionary force, to move under the immediate command of the general commanding.

2. Brigadier-General Duffie will select 500 men from the remainder of his brigade, mounted and equipped, and place them under the command of Colonel J. H. Oley, Seventh West Virginia Cavalry. Colonel Oley's command will move with the force under the immediate command of General Averell until further orders. The remainder of General Duffie's brigade will all be placed in charge of an officer, to be selected by him, who will report to these headquarters for orders.

By command of Brigadier-General Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Camp Piatt, W. VA., May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry, Division:

SIR: I have the honor to report sixty-three officers and men from the Third West Virginia Cavalry, and twenty-five of the Fifth West Virginia Cavalry, besides what are at Logan Court-House of the Third West Virginia Cavalry, are the surplus, after giving 500 men for Colonel Oley, commanding Second Brigade. The captain commanding detachment Third West Virginia Cavalry is ordered to report to you for instructions.

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Piatt, W. Va., May 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. SHAW,

Commanding Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Mounted Infantry:

SIR: You will select 365 men from your command. The remainder will be placed under some officers, the senior of whom will report to

