
line now held by his command. You will furnish an escort for the wagons which bring forage for Captain Stevenson from your line to his, and upon the return of the wagons you will relieve the escort which accompanies them from Smithfield, sending them back to this place under an escort from your own command.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber:

SAML. F. WOODS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 165. Washington, May 2, 1864.

* * * * * *

20. The following regiments of the Veteran Reserve Corps, now on duty in and near Indianapolis, Ind., as soon as they are relieved by troops of the Indiana Legion, will at once be put en route for Washington, D. C, where their commanding officers will report, with their commands, to the Provost-Marshal-General for assignment to duty: Fifth Regiment, Seventeenth Regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

48. Colonel M. N. Wisewell, Veteran Reserve Corps, is appointed military governor of the District of Columbia, in place of Brigadier-General Martindale, ordered to other duty.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 108. May 2, 1864.

1. The Seventh, Eleventh, and Twelfth Unattached Companies Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, having been reported at these headquarters,w ill proceed at once to Alexandria, Va., and be reported by their commanding officers to Brigadier-General Briggs, commanding rendezvous for drafted men and volunteers, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. Company B, Sixteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, having been reported at these headquarters, will proceed without delay to Alexandria, Va., and be reported by its commanding officer to Brigadier-General Briggs, commanding rendezvous for drafted men and volunteers, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Company F, Sixteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, having been reported at these headquarters, will proceed without delay to Alexandria, Va., and be reported by its commanding officer to Brigadier-General Briggs, commanding rendezvous for drafted men and volunteers, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

4. The Ninth and Tenth Unattached Companies Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, having, in compliance with orders from the War

