
Department, been reported at these headquarters, will proceed without delay to Alexandria, Va., and be reported by their commanding officer to Brigadier-General Briggs, commanding rendezvous for drafted men and volunteers, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

14. Colonel William Gamble, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, will proceed without delay to camp of Cavalry Division, Department of Washington, and relieve Colonel J. b. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, now commanding at that post. Colonel McIntosh, upon being relieved, will at once proceed to the Army of the Potomac, and report in person to Major-General Meade for orders.

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, May 2, 1864-2 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

The following telegram was received from General Crook:

CHARLESTON, April 30, 1864.

Not having a sufficient mounted [infantry*] force to make two demonstrations [columns*]. I shall only make a demonstration toward Lewisburg, so as to keep the enemy from leaving there, while I will march with the main body from Fayetteville on the bridge of New River. General Averell, with 2,000 mounted men, will go through Logan County [Court-House*] to the vicinity of Saltville, and if circumstances will not justify his attacking that place, to destroy the railroad from that place toward the bridge, so as to prevent troops [re-enforcements*] from Tennessee. Should I be successful in taking the bridge, I shall cross the bridge [river*] and move toward Lynchburg, destroying the road as far as I deem it prudent, then fall back on Lewisburg. The officer who commands on the Lewisburg line is instructed to watch the enemy's movements well, and if he retreats, to advance, occupy Lewisburg, and collect the supplies of the country. On the contrary, if the enemy should attack him, for him to retreat, delaying the enemy all he can by contesting strong points, blockading the roads, &amp;c.

This plan of General Crook's may prove successful and may have very important results, but it is not in accordance with my views, because it brings General Averell too far west and out of reach of General Crook. His cavalry will be used up, and therefore cannot assist General Crook in future operations. Secondly, because this movement will allow the enemy to concentrate nearly all his forces which are between Staunton and Lewisburg at Staunton. Thirdly, because it makes all co-operation of forces here with those of General Crook impossible. My understanding was that all the forces of General Crook should operate between the James and New Rivers, and that the movements should end with the demonstration against Staunton with all the forces under Crook, the cavalry included; but I may be wrong and it is too late to interfere. I will therefore say nothing to General Crook, but wish him success, which he so well deserves, as he has done all in his power to be prepared and to act.

As for me, I would very much like to know what your expectations are. I understand that I am to occupy the line at Cedar Creek, and to advance up the Shenandoah Valley, if circumstances will allow me to do so. To advance beyond Strasburg with my present force is hardly possible, if I cannot at the same time leave a pretty strong force opposite Front Royal to prevent the enemy from march-

---------------

*See dispatch as sent by Crook, Vol. XXXIII, p. 1027.

---------------

