
ing into my rear or cutting off my line of communication with cavalry. I have only a very vague idea about the position of the Army of the Potomac, and do not know whether there is any force of ours at or near Luray. If I am expected to make energetic and decisive movements, I should have at least 5,000 more of good infantry, with which I could march up the Shenandoah Valley. The country here is an open country, in which 50,000 men can maneuver. I would submit that under all circumstances a strong corps of observation should be formed here to maneuver upon the enemy's left flank.

I do not, however, ask for more troops, but simply state how things are and appear to me. The few troops I have here are excellent, with the exception of the cavalry, but they are too weak and too near the main body of the enemy to be able to venture much, especially as long as nothing is decided in regard to his movement. I also take leave to inform you that by the concentration of nearly all the troops of this department in the Kanawha and Shenandoah Valleys the interior of the State of West Virginia is laid open to guerrillas and bands of raiders. Cannot the States of Pennsylvania and Ohio send a few regiments of militia to the assistance of the people who have sent nearly every available man into the field, and those who are left are too poor and dependent upon their daily labor to organize and defend themselves. I bring this subject to your knowledge because I do not know what military resources the Government has at present and what the people of West Virginia may expect.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, VA., May 2, 1864-11 p .m.

(Received 6.40 a. m. 3rd.)

Major General FRANZ SIGEL, Winchester, Va.:

I do not want you to move farther south than Cedar Run, to watch any movement the enemy may attempt by the way of the Shenandoah Valley. The Army of the Potomac occupies nothing between the Blue Ridge and Orange and Alexandria Railroad. In the plan which I first gave you, but which was modified at your suggestion, it was thought, taken in connection with the movements of this army, the force which was to start from Beverly might work easterly to Lynchburg and return to Staunton. Then you would want to meet them with a train loaded with supplies. It is to be hoped the efforts making for raising troops will enable us to send any re-enforcements you may require, should the enemy move down the Valley. Call on General Halleck for what may be necessary, and report to him after the 3rd. To cut New River bridge and the road ten or twenty miles east from there would be the most important work Crook could do.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WINCHESTER, May 2, 1864-2 a. m.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER, Commanding Officer, Harper's Ferry:

I have occupied Winchester to-day, and will advance further up the Shenandoah Valley or retain my position here if the force of the enemy are not far superior to mine. I have my outposts toward

24 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

