
the bridge and surrounding buildings, accomplishing the deed without the loss of a man. After the battle was over we started on our way, in accordance with orders, to the ferry on New River, which point we reached about 3 p. m., and my whole command was over at 6 p. m., making this day a distance of eight miles.

On the morning of the 11th we started in the direction of Blacksburg, my command acting as rear guard, which point we reached about 3 p. m. and halted for the night, after marching ten miles.

On the morning of the 12th received orders to march at 4.30 a. m., at which hour I moved my command, the weather rainy and the road heavy. After marching a distance of eight miles, skirmishing was heard on the advance. My command was formed in line of battle on the right of our brigade. Company A, of my command, under Captain James Humes, was sent forward as skirmishers, advancing about one miles. They observed the enemy in full retreat down the New River road in direction of the Narrows. They left behind 2 wagons loaded with supplies and 1 dead man, who was killed by our skirmishers. My command wa again thrown together in marching order and proceeded on their way in direction of Salt Pond Mountain, which point they reached about sundown, making a distance of eighteen miles.

On the morning of the 13th instant started in direction of Union, Monroe County, W. Va., and on same day encountered a small force of rebels, who retreated, leaving behind their wagons, ammunition, and one howitzer, which cheered my command up very much, but, like the Israelites of old, they found food strewn through he wilderness, furnished not from heaven, but from the rebels' commissary department, which enabled them to move cheerfully on their way. After encamping a few moments in the land of bacon, reached Union on the evening of the 15th, a distance of twenty-three miles, where our commissary was supplied from the surrounding country.

On the morning of the 16th started in the direction of Alderson's Ferry, my command acting as train guard, crossed Greenbrier River on the 18th, and halted for the night on Muddy River, a distance of three miles from the ferry and seventeenth from Union.

On the morning of the 19th moved in direction of Meadow Bluff and reached that, or this, point about 3 p. m., hungry, faint, and weary, making a distance of eleven miles this day. After arriving in camp, Captain Michael egan and one enlisted man of his company went out on a foraging expedition and have not as yet returned, but are supposed to be captured or killed by guerrillas.

On the 20th one enlisted man died. One this day Lieutenant R. M. Haverly died from wounds received at the battle of Cloyd's Mountain.

The total distance marched since leaving Camp Piatt, 251 miles, and the total loss in killed, wounded, and missing of both officers and enlisted men, including Captain Egan and 2 enlisted men at this point, amounts to 26.

I have the honor to remain,

THOMAS MORRIS,

Lieutenant-General Fifteen West Virginia Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. S. JONES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

