HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY SCOUT,Strasburg, May 3, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General STAHEL:

I have the honor to inform you that I arrived here about 5 p. m. last night without opposition, and succeeded in capturing Major Calmese and 2 of his men. The information received, which in my opinion is reliable, is that Rosser left Fisher's Hill on Sunday evening and went into Page Valley. Their reason for leaving was they heard that General Averell was coming through Brock's Gap, and that General Sigel was coming up the Valley. Imboden is nw at Harrisonburg. Scouts from the front have not returned. When they do I will send in any information they may obtain.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, May 3, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS,

Commanding at Martinsburg:

Your letter is received. General Weber is very sorry to hear of your condition, but he can render you no assistance for the next three or four days. The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry have reported to relieve your regiment on the railroad. A full cavalry regiment was expected, but in fact only some 130 mounted men and 300 or 400 unarmed dismounted recruits. As soon as this force is in any degree effective, they will hasten to relieve your regiment. Can you send direct and at once to General Sigel a report of your condition similar to that which you sent to these headquarters? General Weber will send you to-day, if possible, as many dismounted men as are armed, to be employed by you according to your discretion. General Weber is satisfied with your action in the case of the men of the Twenty-first New York Cavalry. Ascertain the whereabouts of Lieutenant Joslyn, and under whose orders he acted. If his orders do not justify his conduct, place him in arrest.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber:

SAML. F. WOODS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW CREEK, May 3, 1864.

[ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF W. VIRGINIA:]

The commanding officer of the Eleventh Virginia Infantry at Parkersburg has not replied to my inquiries made yesterday; consequently nothing is known of the position of his command. Colonel Harris reports that his regiment and detachments of the Twenty-first New York and Sixth Virginia Cavalry are all at Beverly, except large scouting party now out in Pocahontas, Tucker, and Randolph Counties. If the information in my dispatch of this morning is correct, then Colonel Harris will need all he has at Beverly. I am informed that Captain Hagans' cavalry company, First

