
WASHINGTON CITY, May 3, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

Please make the following disposition: Gallipolis, one regiment; camps at Columbus, two regiments; Camp Dennison, two regiments; Johnson's Island, three regiments. The above eight regiments to report to Major-General Heintzelman. Cumberland, Md., two regiments, to report to Major-General Sigel. Baltimore, two regiments, to report to Major-General Wallace. Washington, eight regiments, to report to Major-General Augur.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MAY 3, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your telegram of 30th April,* in reply to my letter of 28th same month,+ stating my intention to proclaim martial law in certain counties of Maryland, and asking for additional troops to enable me to execute it. I have the honor to state that I consider it necessary to proclaim martial law, inasmuch as the prevalence of disloyal and traitorous sentiments among the inhabitants of several counties of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and Kent and Sussex Counties in the State of Delaware, have imposed the necessity of extraordinary measures for the public security.

Those sentiments manifest themselves in the encouragement and entertainment of rebel spies, and other rebel agents, in addition the escape of prisoners of war from the United States authorities, in the establishment of an extensive contraband trade, in recruiting soldiers for the rebel army, in facilitating the passage of such recruits to their destination, and in communicating important information, and otherwise aiding the Government of the so-called Confederate States. I propose to give assurance to the people in the district named that the suspension of the civil government within the limits aforesaid shall not extend beyond the necessities of the occasion. I respectfully request that this may be submitted to his Excellency the President of the United States, and sincerely trust that it may be favorably considered.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 32. Baltimore, Md., May 3, 1864.

Provost-marshals are hereby authorized to call upon the nearest commanding officer for temporary details of officers and men to as-

---------------

*Informing him "That the Secretary of War directs me to say that martial law can only be proclaimed by authority of the President. Your letter will be submitted to the President, and you will please furnish the Department, for his information, the facts and circumstances which make such proclamation necessary."

---------------

+See Vol. XXXIII, p. 1008.

