
Numbers 16. Report of Captain James R. McMullin, First Ohio Battery Chief of Artillery, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain, and skirmishers at New Rover Bridge and Salt Pond Mountain.
HDQRS. OF ARTY., THIRD DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA.,Meadow Bluff, W. Va., May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report, consolidated from those of Lieutenant G. P. Kirkland, commanding First Independent Ohio Battery, and Captain Daniel W. Glassie, commanding First Kentucky Battery:

From these reports I find that the enemy was first engaged on Cloyd's Mountain May 9, 1864. Here the enemy had such perfect range of the only possible place to plant artillery, it was deemed best to await the advance of the artillery. The caissons being left under cover, the guns advanced and taking a position, under a heavy fire, remaining in position fifteen minutes, expended 190 rounds of ammunition, when the enemy retired. Two of Captain Glassie's pieces were placed with the advance in hot pursuit. The enemy made another stand, when canister was used, and very superior gallantry upon the part of both officers and men alone saved the pieces. Fifty rounds were fired here.

The second engagement of the enemy was May 10, at Central railroad bridge. Here three of Lieutenant G. P. Kirkland's guns, under command of Lieuts. C. H. Free and D. J. Ryan, were placed on the left of the bridge, and as soon as the ball was opened by them the remainder of Lieutenant Kirkland's command, under himself and Lieutenant I. C. Fair, and Captain Glassie's command, were moved into [position] on the heights on the right of the bridge; remained in position two and one-half hours, expending 750 rounds of ammunition, when the enemy withdrew.

May 12, three of Lieutenant Kirkland's guns, under command of Lieutenant Fee, took a position on the southern slope of Salt Lake Mountain to shell a force under Jackson. Te rounds were fired, but elicited no reply. This force abandoned May 13 one piece on Peter's Mountain.

I have to report the capture of --- pieces, 1 man seriously wounded, 4 slightly, and a loss of 17 horses.

I can only say that the conduct of both officers and men was commendable in a high degree, and in every respect commensurable with all that could have been expected.

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. McMULLIN,

Captain and Chief of Arty., Third Div., Dept. of W. Va.

Captain JAMES L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17. Report of Captain Daniel W. Glassie, First Kentucky Battery, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain, and skirmishes at New River Bridge and Salt Pond Mountain.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST KENTUCKY BATTERY,Meadow Bluff, May 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the First Kentucky Battery, under my command

