
department, it is hereby ordered that commanding officers of troops at posts where there are railroad depots will have sufficient guards thereat for the purpose of preserving order and arresting any drunken or disorderly soldiers who may be passing over the said roads.

II. The officers in charge of soldiers passing through this department will be held strictly responsible for the behavior of their men on railroad trains. When they fail or refused to use their authority to enforce order and obedience among the troops the superintendent of the railroad is requested to report them to these headquarters with a statement of the facts.

III. If a disturbance occurs on any of the trains, the conductor of the same will, by telegraph or otherwise, notify the officer commanding troops at the most convenient point on the railroad, who will adopt such measures as may be, in his judgement, necessary to promote the interest of the service, protect the property of the road, and secure the safety of passengers.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 4, 1864-9.10 p. m.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding, &amp;c., New York City:

Please order the company of the Seventeenth Infantry now at Fort Preble to Washington at once.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,May 5, 1864.

Colonel J. WELLING,

Commanding Third Brigade, Fort Baker:

COLONEL: A company of heavy artillery has reported to me this p. m. for duty on your line. I wish you to meet me at these headquarters at 9 a. m. to-morrow in relation to its assignment. Please order your quartermaster to send two wagons to the Soldiers' Rest to-morrow morning to transport the camp equipage of this company.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

J. A. HASKIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Commanding.

WHEELING, May 5, 1864.

(Received 11.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I learn to my surprise that the enemy are on the railroad at New Creek and Piedmont; in what force I do not know.

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

