
WASHINGTON, May 5, 1864-4.20 p. m.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling, W. Va.:

If the Fourth West Virginia Infantry Veterans are still in the State you are authorized to organize and employ them to guard the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, May 5, 1864.

(Received 10.35 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our telegraph lines were cut at 7 o'clock this morning west of Cumberland. Operator at the instant of cutting had commenced forwarding advice that the Confederates were marching on Piedmont in force. You are aware that few troops remain to resist them, and unless immediate movements are made great destruction of railroad property and works will probably take place. Under these circumstances will it not be well to urge that the first regiment in Ohio ready for movement shall be hastened forward for the protection of the line? Rapidity of movement is probably vital to prevent great disasters. We last week advised General Sigel of the great importance of Piedmont, with its extensive shops and machinery, and of the urgent necessity to protect, but a few or no troops were left in that vicinity.

JNO. W. GARRETT,

President.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 5, 1864.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

Ohio troops are ordered to the line of your road, and Governor Brough has been requested to send them immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CAMDEN STATION, May 5, 1864.

(Received 6.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The extensive machine and carpenter shops of Piedmont have been burned. The engine and cars of the east-bound mail train and two tonnage trains have also been destroyed. Five other engines damaged. We have ordered a large force of our company's workmen to clear the wrecks. At 3 p. m. the road was cleared east of Piedmont. The heat of the fire at the wreck of the trains at Bloomington has been too intense to permit much work, but during the night we expect to have the entire road again clear and trains running regularly. General Kelley has taken command and moved up to Piedmont

