
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Taylor, commanding First Cavalry Division.

Attention invited to the instructions contained in Major-General Sigel's indorsement, which you will please comply with; this paper to be returned with the additional report.

By command of Major-General Stahel:

THOS. H. WELLSTED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned to department headquarters. Attention invited to additional report inclosed.*

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, VA., May 5, 1864.

General STAHEL:

There were about fifteen horses stolen from this post last night. I having no cavalry have sent a few men from the battery to look for them, as I have had a report that suspicious characters have been seen near Opequon bridge. These people infest the neighborhood of Shepherdstown.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 5, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS H. WELLSTED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report, for the information of Major-General Stahel, that I proceed with the men under my command to Strasburg, arriving on the night of the 3rd instant, scouting the country in every direction as far as Front Royal and Woodstock. Before arriving at Strasburg I learned that Imboden had left that place on Sunday evening, leaving behind Captain Davis with about 100 men, and a signal station on Round Top Mountain; subsequently ascertained that he left the pike three and a half miles this side of Woodstock, moving to the right, in direction of the mountain. Captain Davis left Woodstock about 9 o'clock on the night of the 3rd instant, taking with him the telegraph operator, and leaving behind the signal men on Round Top Mountain, who were captured by my scouts the following morning. We also succeeded in capturing Major Calmese and 7 men, making 10 in all, among whom are some of the most notorious horse-thieves and bushwhackers in the country. I remained at Strasburg until 6 o'clock in the evening of the 4th in-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

