
stant, when I withdrew my pickets and scouts and returned to camp. I consider it my duty in connection with this report to make mention of the valuable services rendered by Captain Martindale and his scouts, to whom credit is due for the capture of nearly all the prisoners, and their untiring efforts to obtain all the information, many of them riding over sixty miles a day.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Taylor, commanding First Cavalry Division.

The commanding general has been informed that the command returned nearly the whole distance at a trot, and that several men and horses were left behind in consequence thereof, no statement of which is given in within report. Please explain the reason of returning the column faster than a walk, and how many men and horses were lost, and also how many horses were captured.

By command of Major-General Stahel:

THOS. H. WELLSTED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Winchester, May 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned with reports* of brigade and detachment commanders.

In addition to the within report I would state that at 4 o'clock orders were issued to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice, and that we did not move until 7.30 o'clock, and arrived at General Stahel's headquarters at 1 a. m. I am informed that he men said to be lost were on an independent scout near Woodstock, under the command of Captain Ellicott, Fifteenth New York Cavalry. I shall investigate the case of Captain Ellicott and report.

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment NEW YORK VOL. CAV.,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 5, 1864.

Lieutenant I. B. O'CONNOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report that two men and ten horses were left behind the column from this regiment during the recent scout under command of Colonel Taylor. Company B left five horses behind; two of them died on the road; the remainder (three) could not travel back to camp fatigued as they were from rapid marching and for the want of forage. Company E left behind three horses, two of which died on the road, and one could not travel back to camp on

---------------

*Not found as inclosures; the following report of S. Tuttle probably one of them.

---------------

