
(Captain Daniel W. Glassie), on the march from Fayetteville, W. Va., to Meadow Bluff, W. Va., via Raleigh road, Princeton, Dublin Depot, New River bridge, Blacksburg, and Union:

Agreeable to General Orders, 6, from Second Brigade headquarters, to march on the 3rd instant at 7 a. m., the battery moved out the Raleigh road in rear of the advance brigade, alternating with Captain James R. McMullin's First Ohio Battery by easy stages, and no accidents expecting one man run over by a gun carriage, and one horse died, until the morning of the 9th instant. My battery having the advance, moved in rear of the Second Brigade from Poplar Hill through Rocky Gap to Cloyd's Mountain, under the enemy's fire. At this point the guns were moved to the front in column, leaving the caissons under cover. Agreeable to instructions from Captain McMullin, chief of artillery, my leading gun was ordered to open fire on the enemy's battery, from the road, to fire one shot, and then move forward, with both batteries. This I did, and then drew my battery under cover and awaited the advance of our lines, as there was no artillery position practicable. After reconnoitering the road in front, supported by one company of the Seventh West Virginia Cavalry (dismounted), I moved one piece to the front on the road and opened fire on the enemy's right flank, drawing the fire of all the enemy's guns. Here I fired twenty rounds of shell, but the enemy's firing so accurate and rapid, I was obliged to retire, after having 3 men wounded slightly, and 1 limber pole broken by shell. when our infantry had deployed across our front my battery was ordered at a double-quick and deployed from the center to the right and left across the road in a meadow skirted by woods, and under the enemy's battery. Here the whole battery opened fire and fifteen rounds per gun, with no other loss than 1 trail, hand spike, and hand-spike ring and 1 prolonge carried away by shell. As soon as the enemy had been driven from his position, my battery was ordered at a double-quick, and one section sent in pursuit, with a detachment of the Seventh Virginia (dismounted) Cavalry, again meeting the enemy in the woods near Cloyd's meadows. The cavalry meeting too heavy a force, my section was ordered to open fire of the enemy's advancing lines. The guns were thrown in echelon as well as the nature of the ground would permit, giving me a complete semicircle of fire, with one gun covering the other, and both in short canister range. Both guns fired thirty-five rounds of canister and ten rounds of shell, emptying both limbers. I had 3 men scratched, 4 horses wounded, and 1 killed. The gun carriages were considerably cut up. We then moved forward to Dublin Depot.

On the 10th instant we moved from the depot up the railroad to New River bridge, meeting the enemy strongly posted on the left bank of the river. Captain McMullin then ordered my battery into position on the heights on the south side of the railroad bridge near a fort abandoned by the enemy. Here I fired --- rounds of shell, had 1 man (John Pflurn) seriously wounded, and 2 slightly wounded, 1 splinter [bar] broken by a shell, and 2 horses wounded. After dislodging the enemy, the battery crossed the river at Taylor's Ford: marched thence to Blacksburg and thence to Union. At the foot of Salt Pond Mountain 1 four-horse wagon, containing 6 pairs of artillery pants, 2 jackets, 1 box of horse medicines, 4 twelfth Regiment muskets, broke down, and was burned by the rear guard.

