
WASHINGTON, May 5, 1864-2.10 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

Send without delay the first available troops in Ohio, militia or others, to guard the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Parkersburg to Cumberland.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 5, 1864-7.55 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Blankets and arms are on the way, and will no doubt reach you in season. I telegraphed you the difficulties in the way of your suggestion; but will hear and consider anything you may have to urge. Sigel's advance has exposed the Baltimore and Ohio road, and a guerrilla force of about 100 has seriously damaged the shops at Piedmont and several engines. Mr. Garrett states that a regiment of your men will, if promptly forwarded, prevent further disaster.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, May 5, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General WALLACE,

Baltimore, Md.:

Two more (four in all) regiments of Ohio militia have been ordered to report to you in Baltimore. Porter's regiment of New York Heavy Artillery will be held in readiness to take the field, either as artillery or infantry.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., May 5, 1864.

COMMISSIONERS OF POLICE,

City of Baltimore:

GENTLEMEN: I have what I consider reliable intelligence that a large number of the First Maryland (rebel). Cavalry, has been furloughed by the authorities at Richmond, Va., expressly to return to this department for the purpose of gleaning military information, and to be ready, in case fortune favors their arms, to organize and officer the disaffected portion of the population, and that a number of them are already in the State and city.

My detective force is insufficient to look up and arrest these dangerous characters; at the same time I wish, if possible, to avoid putting military patrols upon the streets. I am compelled, therefore, to ask that your police corps may be instructed to assist Colonel Woolley, provost-marshal, until the emergency goes by. For that purpose you will oblige me by sending your marshal to confer with him and arrange the co-operation.

