HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Winchester, Va., May 6, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS H. WELLSTED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to forward the following as the report of a scout of thirty-five men sent from these headquarters at 11 a. m. this day. They went by Front Royal pike to White Post; thence to Millwood; from thence to Berry's Ferry; thence down the river to Shepherd's Ford; from thence to this place, coming by way of Salem Church, crossing the pike between Millwood and Berryville. Saw no enemy. Inhabitants report Mosby in strong force in Loudoun. He crossed at Berry's Ferry the night of the 4th instant with 200 men, supposed to be on his return from Martinsburg. No enemy reported in this quarter, except a few stragglers. Scout returned at 10.30 p. m.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Camp near Winchester, May 6, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I proceed with nine men, leaving camp at 7.30 o'clock last evening, to ascertain the truth of the report made to these headquarters of a force of rebels at or near Berryville. I proceeded by the dirt road leading toward Salem Church, thence down the Opequon to the toll-house near the Opequon, on the Berryville pike, where I found the detachment of the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry halted, which had been sent to Halltown. Just before my arrival at that point the pickets had been fired upon. I proceeded out on the Berryville pike about one mile beyond, then taking the fields and woods on the right, went to near Berryville, but without finding any enemy. I ascertained from reliable sources that no force of the enemy was in that vicinity. Small parties numbering from five to eight had been seen through the day, which was undoubtedly the party that fired on the pickets. Leaving the camp of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry about 12 o'clock, I went to-ward Summit Point about two miles, thence on the left of the pike to Winchester, arriving at camp about 2 o'clock this a. m. All the inhabitants confirm the above statement of small parties of bushwhackers.

JESSE F. WYCKOFF,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Bunker Hill, Va., May 6, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I moved my command to this place yesterday evening. I sent a commissioned officer and twenty-five men by Jordan Springs, thence across the country to this place. There was no sign of any

