
enemy, and no information of any importance gained. I also sent a commissioned officer by the Green Spring Run road to White Hill, where the Bunker Hill road and Pughtown road crosses the Green Spring Run road at right angle, from thence to this place. From the best information the officer could gain (and he considered it reliable, having met the gentleman from whom he obtained the information before) there had been no rebel soldiers through that part of the country except deserters for some time.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. DUNCAN,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Winchester, Va., May 6, 1864.

Lieutenant JESSE F. WYCKOFF,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that agreeably to instructions I proceeded with thirty-five men from this place to Salem Church, from thence down the Opequon to the Berryville pike, from thence to Berryville, returning by way of the pike to this place. We saw no enemy whatever on the route. All the information we could obtain shows small parties of bushwhackers and horse-thieves. Mosby was in Berryville on the evening of May 4, with 100 men. He recrossed the Shenandoah. He is reported to be in the mountains with some force. We left at 11 a. m. and arrived at 7 p. m.

GEO. GASS,

Lieutenant, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 6, 1864-10.25 a. m.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

Two regiments of Ohio 100-days' men will start to-morrow for Wheeling. They are intended for duty on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and the Secretary of War has instructed them to report to the commanding officer at Wheeling, to whose care you are requested to send the orders for the colonels of these regiments.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 6, 1864.

(Received 1.40 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CANBY:

Your telegram just received. I have no command, having been ordered by General Sigel to remain at this place and await orders. I suggest that one of the Ohio regiments be ordered to Grafton and the other to New Creek at once. Am I authorized by your telegram to send such an order to Wheeling to meet the colonels of the Ohio regiments?

B. F. KEELEY,

Brigadier-General.

