HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, May 6, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS,

Commanding at Martinsburg:

I expect 300 cavalry here to-day, and will send you 200. Telegraph me how many you wish between here and Martinsburg, to save their marching to your headquarters and back again. The balance will report to you at Martinsburg, and all will be under your command.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 6, 1864.

Captain BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A company of 120 cavalry reported to me this morning. By order of Major-General Sigel, I sent yesterday by a messenger a detail of the number of dismounted men necessary to relieve my regiment from this to Duffield's, viz, 325 men. If the cavalry are mounted, 50 at Kearneysville and 50 at Duffield's, to report to the commanding officer there, will do. This would not relieve the infantry on duty there.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

NEW CREEK, May 6, 1864.

General SIGEL:

I am informed by Governor Boreman that Fourth Virginia Infantry leaves Gallipolis this morning for Parkersburg to be employed to guard the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, by order of General Halleck. The commanding officer will be directed to report to me. Shall I so change localities of road guard as to more closely concentrate the respective regiments and render them, in my judgment, more effective?

N. WILKINSON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Winchester, Va., May 6, 1864.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

New Creek:

All the troops on the line of the railroad from Parkersburg to Sleepy Creek and in front of that line are at your disposition. A cavalry force will be sent to Moorefield and Petersburg. If you find it necessary to withdraw all the troops from Cumberland and concentrate them at New Creek you may do so. The general wishes to know where the Second Maryland [Potomac Home Brigade] Infantry is, and if you have given up Greenland Gap. Report frequently to Martinsburg, and keep the general informed as to the running condition of the railroad, or if the road is destroyed in places.

By order of Major General F. Sigel:

BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

