
At Alderson's Ferry 4 of my prolonges and lunettes were used at the ferry-boat and lost. I have had 2 wheels and 4 poles broken and lost 5 horses worn out, 2 wounded and turned in, 2 killed, and 1 died. I have had --- men slightly wounded, 1 seriously and 1 (R. C. Rieff) left on the road sick.

My men have behaved themselves admirably, and in my opinion are deserving of much credit for coolness in action and promptness on duty.

My horses are entirely worn out for want of feed.

Hoping the above will prove satisfactory, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL W. GLASSIE,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

[Captain McMULLIN,

Chief of Artillery.]

Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant George P. Kirkland, First Ohio Battery, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain, and skirmishes at New River Bridge and Salt Pond Mountain.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INDEPENDENT OHIO BATTERY,Meadow Bluff, May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the different engagements during our second raid:

During the engagement on the 9th of May on Cloyd's Mountain the battery was ordered to take, and took, a position under a very heavy fire of the right of the road, and on the right and in the rear of the Second brigade. We remained in position fifteen minutes and fired 100 rounds of shell, when the enemy retired. The part taken in the engagement on the 10th instant is as follows: Two guns, under command of Second Lieutenant C. H. Fee, and one piece, under command of Second Lieutenant D. J. Ryan, were ordered to take, and took, a position on the left of the Central railroad bridge, and commenced shelling the enemy's works. The remaining three guns were placed in position on the right of the bridge, near the fortifications abandoned by the enemy. The battery remained in position two hours and one-half, and fired 400 rounds, when the enemy retired.

May 12, sent three guns, under command of Lieutenant Fee, to take a position on the southern slope of Salt Pond Mountain, to shell a force under Jackson; fired ten rounds, but received no reply.

Very respectfully,

G. P. KIRTLAND,

Lieutenant, Commanding First Independent Ohio Battery.

Captain JAMES R. McMULLIN,

Chief of Artillery.

