
NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., May 7, 1864-10 a. m. (Via Martinsburg, 5 p. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

The following telegram from General Crook, dated four miles from Raleigh, May 4, 2 p. m., was received last night:

I expect to be in Princeton the day after to-morrow, where I will be met by part of my cavalry. General Averell would leave Logan Court-House this morning. I have heard no reliable information from the enemy since I started. Cannot learn that the enemy in my front have increased any from what they were a week or so ago. Will send scouts, as soon as I get news of any importance, to Bulltown. I cannot tell now when I will be in Lewisburg-depends entirely upon what obstacles I encounter. Under favorable circumstances I will be either there or in communication in ten days.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

(Forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant.)

NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., May 7, 1864-1 p.m. (Received 12.07 a. m. 8th).

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

I have received a telegram from Colonel Townsend saying that four regiments of Ohio militia have been ordered to Charleston, three to New Creek, and three to Harper's Ferry. I have also received a telegram from Colonel Kelton informing me that two regiments of Ohio military would be sent to Cumberland. General Heintzelman informed me yesterday that the One hundred and thirty-third and One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio Militia would leave immediately for Parkersburg, with orders to report to me by telegraph. This will make fourteen regiments in all for Charleston, Parkersburg, New Creek, Cumberland, and Harper's Ferry; but if this statement is not in accordance with the troops actually to be sent, I respectfully request to be informed of it. Charleston, New Creek, and Harper's Ferry are the most important points where the regiments should be sent, to be disposed of according to circumstances. I am indirectly informed through General Weber that General Kelley has been assigned by the Secretary of War to the command of all the troops on the railroad between the Monocacy and Wheeling. I will direct him to receive all the militia regiments sent into this department, and to locate them according to the emergency of the moment. In regard to the affair at Piedmont, I beg leave to state that I could not obey the orders given to me and at the same time guard the railroad from Parkersburg to Monocacy against the enemy's raids. I gave timely notice to Governor Boreman about three weeks ago to call out the militia to guard the road from Parkersburg to Oakland, so that all other troops on the road could be concentrated between Oakland and Cumberland. Governor Boreman promised to do all this, but I supposed he was not able to bring out the militia. However, I take the full responsibility of this affair, as it seems to me insignificant in comparison with the fact that the scattered forces of West Virginia are now concentrated in two little armies, well organized and equipped, with the exception of

26 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

