
COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 7, 1864.

E. M. STANTON:

One regiment leaves to-morrow morning for Cumberland. Accouterments are arriving. We will dispatch four regiments to-morrow. Have you anything decisive from the front to-day? How stands Grant with Lee? If Lee is retreating, as reported, is Butler safe?

JOHN BROUGH,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., May 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOMFORD,

Superintendent, &amp;c., Harrisonburg, Pa.:

Organize the One hundred and eighty-fourth Regiment into as many companies of minimum strength as number enlisted will permit, and forward them immediately to this city to report to General Casey. The legal number of field officers corresponding to the companies so organized will come with them. Remaining companies to be recruited and sent forward as soon as organized. Acknowledge this.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, May 7, 1864. (Received 2.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major-General Peck is here on his way home on surgeon's certificate of disability. He will be able to take command of the troops in the city and harbor in a few days, if assigned to me. I have assigned General De Trobriand to the command temporarily. He is here waiting orders.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 7, 1864-7.10 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

General Peck is authorized to report to you for duty. We have no official reports from the Army of the Potomac since Wednesday's dispatch form General Grant announcing his crossing of the Rapidan. There is no telegraphic or railroad communication within thirty or forty miles of his headquarters. It is certain, however, that the Army of the Potomac and Lee's forces came in collision on Thursday and an indecisive action was fought yesterday. The report of the Tribune correspondent, published this morning and forwarded from here last night, is the substance of all that is known here at this hour. Many reports are in circulation of advantages on one side or the other, but are mere conjectures or inventions.

