
There will be no restriction upon the publication of transpiring events, and you shall be promptly notified of all that is known. A dispatch from General Butler just received reports him in position with his whole force on the road between City Point and Petersburg, his expectations being thus far fully realized. Nothing for two days from Sherman, who expected a battle to-day at Tunnel Hill. General Canby has been assigned to command the forces on Red River and has gone forward. The reports received are not favorable to General Banks. We have no official intelligence of Steele having fallen back to Little Rock, but it is believed by Assistant Quartermaster-General Allen to be true. Major-General Foster has been assigned to command in the Department of the South, Gillmore being with General Butler.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS, May 8, 1864-10.15 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WELLS,Provost-Marshal-General, Alexandria:

Send toward Fredericksburg and ascertain if there is any truth in the report that Stuart is this side of the Rappahannock.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS, May 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY,Commanding at Arlington:

The major-general commanding directs that you instruct the commanding officers of the Forts Ethan Allen, Corcoran, and Albany to receive from the officers of the guards at the southern extremities of Chain, Aqueduct, and Long Bridges all stragglers arrested by them. These stragglers will be held until further orders in close confinement.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C., May 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General TYLER,Commanding, Fairfax Court-House:

The wounded are being brought in the Rappahannock Station and trains are being sent there for them. Send out your cavalry on the railroad, and take every possible means to render the railroad safe.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

