
NEW CREEK, May 8, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY:

Will it answer to send to Weston the brass piece lately at Bulltown?

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 8, 1864.

Colonel WILKINSON,

New Creek:

Yes; send the gun indicated if you can raise the gun squad.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 8, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

We have no official reports from the front, but the medical director has notified the Surgeon-General that our wounded were being sent to Washington and will number from 6,000 to 8,000. The chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac has made requisition for seven days' grain and for railroad construction trains, and states that the enemy is reported to be retiring. This indicates General Grant's advance and affords an inference of material success on our part. The enemy's strength has always been most felt in his first blows, and these having failed, and our forces not only maintained their ground, but, preparing to advance, lead to the hope of full and complete success; for when either party falls back disorganization by straggling and desertion commences, and the enemy's loss in killed and wounded must weaken him more than we are weakened. Nothing later than my last night's dispatch has been received from General Butler. A dispatch from General Sherman, dated at 5 p. m. of yesterday, states that General Thomas had occupied Tunnel Hill, where he had expected a battle, and that the enemy had taken position at Buzzards Roost Pass, north of Dalton. Skirmishing had taken place, but no real fighting yet. Nothing later from General Banks. You may give such publicity as you deem proper to the information transmitted to you. It is designed to give accurate official statements of what is known to the Department in this great crisis, and to withhold nothing from the public.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HASKIN'S DIVISION, Numbers 36. May 9, 1864.

1. The First Company Unassigned New Hampshire Heavy Artillery, Captain Charles H. Long commanding, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to Fort Slocum.

