HDQRS. RESERVE DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Harper's Ferry, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to represent, for the information of the general commanding, that small parties of guerrillas and horse thieves infest Jefferson and Loudoun Counties, to the great annoyance and loss of the Government and of all loyal citizens. To clear the two counties of this mischief, and for the purpose of a more perfect picket and patrol along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, which is, by the removal of the infantry guards, so much exposed to danger from these same marauders, I have the honor respectfully to request that the First New York Veteran Cavalry (Colonel A. T. McReynolds' regiment), which is of thorough experience and acquaintance in this part of the Valley, may be ordered to report to me for assignment to duty in the above-mentioned counties.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland, May 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

I most cordially and earnestly recommend that General Weber's request be granted if, in the opinion of the major-general commanding, it can be done without detriment to his other operations in the field. The First New York Cavalry has served for the last two years in this part of Virginia, and the command is thoroughly acquainted with the counties of Loudoun, Fauquier, Jefferson, Frederick, Clarke, Berkeley, Morgan, Hampshire, and Hardy.

B. F. KELLEY,Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, May 22, 1864.

Disapproved.

This regiment cannot be spared from operations in the field.

By command of General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. RESERVE DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cumberland, May 24, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General Max Weber, commanding brigade.

Attention invited to indorsement of major-general commanding.

By order of Brigadier-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

