HDQRS. RESERVE DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Harper's Ferry, W. Va., May 9, 1864.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE SCOUT TO SNICKER'S GAP.

The command or scout will consist of 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, 1 sergeant, 3 corporals, and 44 privates. The men will take five days' rations, and carry forty rounds of ammunition. The command will march at 4 a. m. May 10, 1864, cross the Shenandoah River, ascend to the ridge, and follow the Blue Ridge in southwesterly direction until it reaches Snicker's Gap.

SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS.

1. The purpose of the scout is to obtain information of the where-aborts and movements of the enemy.

2. This can be obtained by observation from the top of the mountains, the highest of which admit of an extended range of vision.

3. Should a column be seen moving in any direction, two men will be sent in with information of the probable number, kind, and the direction in which the column is moving; and the scout will continue on its way.

4. The detachment will avoid all houses, will move upon the top of the ridge, will allow none to know of its presence; at night will, if it be necessary to cook, light their fire in some sheltered place and have it extinguished immediately after the necessary cooking is completed.

5. Each noon two men will be sent to these headquarters with such information as may be gathered. The commanding officer will keep a journal of his daily proceedings and information, and also prepare and send with his report upon returning a map of the paths, roads, &amp;c., that may be found or followed on the route.

6. The march from this point to Snicker's Gap will be made in two days, and the camping-ground will be so selected as to afford an extensive view of the surrounding country, and be at the same time concealed from observation.

7. The command will move with an advance guard, and if at rest or encamped, picket guards will be properly posted.

The commanding officer will be held responsible for the proper execution of this order.

By command of Brigadier General Max Weber, commanding:

H. M. BURLEIGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW CREEK, May 9, 1864.

[ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA:]

The Second Maryland Infantry is at Greenland Gap. Two Ohio regiments have arrived at Parkersburg. General Kelley, by order of War Department, has assumed command from Monocacy westward.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

27 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

