
fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, dismounted, on the right, and the Third Virginia cavalry occupying the extreme left. The enemy pressed upon both flanks and advanced in three lines sheltered by fences in front. The field was maintained four hours, the vigor of the enemy gradually decreasing. At dark there was some prospect of our being able to drive him, but after dark he retired, and I marched to Dublin, where I arrived on the evening of the 11th.

Our loss in the battle was about 114 officers and men killed and wounded. (Reports are inclosed.)

We crossed New River, swollen by recent rains on the morning of the 12th. The baffled columns of Morgan and Jones arrived on the left bank soon after, but the river had become impassable, and they have leisure to observe the ruins of the railroad and bridges, which all the energies and skill of their superior forces had failed to avert. Had their designs been accomplished in reaching the river before me the success of the expedition might have been varied. Communicating with General Crook, who was then at Blacksburg, I proceeded to Christiansburg, driving away a small force of the enemy and capturing two 3-inch guns, which in their haste they had abandoned. The railroad was destroyed as much as practicable, with depots, shops, &amp;c., to a point four miles east of Christiansburg. Communicating with Salem and Lynchsburg by telegraph it was learned that heavy re-enforcements were moving westward along the railroad.

As my ammunition was nearly exhausted I deemed it proper to join General Crook's command, which, after a very difficult march, was accomplished on the 15th at Union, having marched 350 miles over a region almost impassable and destitute of supplies. Nearly thirty miles of the journey was made by file on foot over unfrequented paths. The mountain streams were frequently unfordable, and a few men and drowning.

I beg leave to invite the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the uncomplaining fortitude with which the officers and men of this division have marched and fought in this most difficult expedition.

The gentlemen of my staff, Captain Will Rumsey, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. H. Brown, assistant quartermaster; Captain L. A. Myers, provost-marshal; Captain George T. Castle, commissary of subsistence; Surg. F. Elliott, medical director, were conspicuous during the entire expedition for their untiring industry and great gallantry upon the field.

My thanks are due to the brigade commanders and their staffs for their energetic efforts while under my command.

Respectfully submitted.

W. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. L. DOSTFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 5. May 23, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding cavalry division desires to express his sincere thanks to the officers and men division for the uncomplaining fortitude with which they have endured the ter-

