
be transferred to Fort Baker, which will be headquarters, and reports of the above companies will be made to Captain Allen, commanding Sixth Company. The senior officer hereby assigned to posts will receipt for the property left by the Ninth New York Artillery.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 10, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL:

As soon as the 100-days' men ordered to you by Special Orders, Numbers 167, to Cumberland, Md., relieve the troops of the Veteran Reserve Corps, you will direct the latter to repair to Washington. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Camp near Strasburg, Va., May 10, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS H. WELLSTED,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following information has just been received from Major Otis, commanding detachment on Cedar Creek, near the mountain: It was reported in Woodstock yesterday that Grant has fallen back at three points; some claimed a Confederate victory. I have sent a small scout to Strasburg to return by Back road to mountain. The colonel of the Tenth Virginia, Stonewall Brigade, was killed in the late battle. My pickets were fired on last night. Captain Davis is in command at Woodstock. About 200 men went out from Woodstock toward Wardensville yesterday afternoon. Our forces were only in Strasburg a few moments before it was signaled to Woodstock. They have all persons, old and young, in arms at Woodstock. This information is derived from a person who came from Woodstock last night-a citizen residing near the mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Camp near Strasburg, May 10, 1864.

Lieutenant JESSE F. WYCKOFF,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Cavalry Division:

I have the honor to report that the command of 100 men that went out with me last night have returned this a. m. in good order. We left these headquarters at about 8 p. m. last night, proceeded to Round Top Mountain, arrived there about 10 p. m. The signal officer who accompanies me had communications from this camp by signals. We saw no camp-fires of the enemy. We remained there

