
until daybreak this morning. I then sent four scouts, with instructions to go to Woodstock, if possible. As soon as they return back, I will make a report of the expedition.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

F. G. MARTINDALE,

Aide-de-Camp.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 10, 1864. (Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Messengers have just come in; report that the force sent by Sigel to cut off McNeill was attacked this p. m. near Wardensville by a large force under Imboden and McNeill, and were cut to pieces, losing their train and a large portion of the command. A citizen has just reported to New Creek that the rebel force is moving either for New Creek or this place. A regiment of Ohio militia (the One hundred and thirty-fourth) arrived here to-day, and look for another to arrive at New Creek to-morrow morning. I can defend this place against any probable force approaching me, and if the regiment arrives at New Creek, it will make that place safe also.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 10, 1864. (Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major-General SIGEL:

Rumor says that your cavalry were attacked this a. m. near Wardensville by a superior force, under Imboden and McNeill, and were totally routed, and that the rebel force were moving this way for the purpose of attacking this place and New Creek. The One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio arrived here to-day. I can defend this place against any probable force, but have fears of New Creek. I have, however, an opposing force there. May I suggest that a force be sent toward Moorefield to cut these marauders off?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CEDAR CREEK, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

The following form War Department I send for your information:* It has been transmitted to General Weber, at Harper's Ferry, with instructions to dispose of the troops for the present as indicated. This has been done. As I have had no official notice of your having been assigned to a command in this department, will you please advise me what orders you have received relating to a command, separate or otherwise, within the original limits of this department, so that I may act advisedly hereafter?

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Kelton to Sigel, May 8, p. 406.

---------------

