
leave to-night for same destination, and one for Kanawha, W. Va. Three regiments will leave Gallipolis for Kanawha to-morrow. Two regiments leave Zanesville for Harper's Ferry this evening. One regiment leaves Cleveland for Washington to-day.

JOHN BROUGH.

NEW YORK, May 10, 1864. (Received 1.45 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are from 8,000 to 10,000 men on a strike in this city. The police have notified me that their entire force is engaged in maintaining order, and the mayor has request me to suspend the draft for a few days. I have taken the responsibility of doing so in the city district; it is going on in the country districts. The deficiency in this city is nearly 1,000. I send copy of mayor's communication by mail.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 11, 1864-11.20 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

Dispatches from the Army of the Potomac have just reached here bringing dates to 5 o'clock p. m. of yesterday. Both armies at that time held their positions at Spotsylvania Court-House without any material change. The enemy had been driven to their breast-works. The Sixth Corps, under General Wright, had carried the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits. There had been heavy skirmishing during the day. Our wounded had reached Fredericksburg, and during the night some were brought up to Washington. The surgeon-general reports that ample supplies of nurses, surgeons, and medical stores have gone forward. There has been nothing heard from General Sherman or General Butler since my last dispatch of yesterday.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 11, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

NO intelligence has been received by this Department from the Army of the Potomac since my dispatch of this morning. A dispatch from General Sherman dated at Tunnel Hill, 7.30 p. m., stores that McPherson had not attacked the enemy at Resaca, having found their position strongly fortified, and taken his position at Snake Creek Gap; General Sherman in front of Buzzard Roost Gap awaiting the arrival of a part of his forces. This dispatch came by way of Knoxville and Cumberland Gap, having been delayed over twenty-four hours in consequence of a heavy storm that broke down al the lines south of Nashville. No intelligence has been received to-day form General Butler's command, except that 300 rebel prisoners,

