
was not used on us. Our horses are completely worn out; quite a number are rendered entirely useless, because of the long and severe march. We marched about seventy-five miles since Monday night till Tuesday evening, without a halt or feed. I will remain here for orders. My ammunition has been nearly exhausted. Horses are unshod.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HIGGINS,

Colonel, Commanding Scouting Party.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 11, 1864. (Received 9.45 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Higgins, of Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, reports from Green Spring that Rosser and Imboden arrived in Romney last evening with a force of 3,000 cavalry. The railroad and telegraph are yet safe, but if this information is correct both will be cut. I have no cavalry. Rosser and Imboden have flanked General Sigel and got in his rear.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 11, 1864-1.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

Any of the militia regiments not needed at Parkersburg should be sent to other points of your line or to this place.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 11, 1864. (Received 3.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Only two of the Ohio regiments have reported; One hundred and thirty-fourth is here; the other arrived at New Creek this a. m. Nothing further of the movements of Imboden and Rosser. My scouts have not returned. Railroad and telegraph yet safe. General Sigel's cavalry that was attacked yesterday at Lost River, near Wardensville, is falling back on this place for ammunition, rations, and forage; will be here in about an hour. Their loss, I learn, will not exceed 50 in killed, wounded, and missing. Will keep you advised.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[MAY 11, 1864.-For Kelley to Sigel, relative to skirmish at Lost River Gap, the extent of his (Kelley's) command, &amp;c., see p. 70.]

---------------

*See also Higgins to Sigel, p. 70.

---------------

