
WOODSTOCK, VA., May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

The following has been received and is forwarded to you, that the order my be carried into effect:

WASHINGTON, May 10, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL:

As soon as the 100-days' men ordered to you by Special Orders, Numbers 167, to Cumberland, Md., relieve the troops of the Veteran Reserve Corps, you will direct the latter to repair to Washington.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Woodstock, Va., May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,Harper's Ferry, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to request that you will relieve the provost guard, on duty at Martinsburg, belonging to the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment, and direct it to rejoin the regiment at this place, or wherever the regiment may be, as soon as practicable. The detachment may be sent with a train leaving Martinsburg for the column in the field. The general commanding also requests that you will promptly take such steps as you may deem necessary to inaugurate more perfect security and a better administration of affairs at the post of Martinsburg, as complaints continually reach him of the manner in which the business is conducted there by the present commander. It is desired, further, so soon as the three Ohio Regiments arrive at Harper's Ferry, your notify General Kelley of the fact, informing him at the same time that the general commanding confidently relied on the disposition of these troops indicated by the Secretary of War, viz, that they would be stationed at Harper's Ferry, to be used there or at adjacent points in any emergency that might arise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 11, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,Martinsburg, Va.:

I am just informed by telegraph from Baltimore that a large force under Rosser and Imboden is reported to be at Romney, threatening the road at Green Spring.

MAX. WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

