HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 11, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS,Commanding at Martinsburg:

No troops will leave your post except by orders from General Sigel, or, if they be cavalry, from General Stahel.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Harpers Ferry:

Is the dismounted cavalry of the Twelfth Pennsylvania on the railroad to be relieved, and if so, where shall they go?

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 11, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS,Commanding at Martinsburg:

The dismounted cavalry of the Twelfth Pennsylvania will not be relieved at present.

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Martinsburg, W. Va., May 11, 1864.

Captain BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have issued orders to my command in accordance with the telegraphic order from headquarters of May 9, viz: "No person will be allowed to pass save on orders from Major-General Sigel, Brigadier-General Kelley, or these headquarters, Harpers' Ferry." Since then several families of refugees, women and children, have come in. My orders last winter from the War Department were to allow such persons to pass as were refuses form Southern tyranny and oppression, and were willing to take the oath of allegiance. This order was issued on account of representations made by me of the accumulation of such persons at this post whom we were obliged to subsist. The women and children who have arrived since I received the order of the 9th, and who were following their husbands, I permitted to go to Maryland. I desire to know whether I am right in my action, or whether refugees are to be turned back. The second paragraph of your order of the 9th directs me "to strengthen your (my) picket and police force as much as possible."

I beg to say that my whole force of infantry for duty is 195 men, that the details for picket and guard duty are daily 104 men, leaving 91 for quartermaster's and commissary guards and other details. You will see that we are doing all we can. Last night, from information received, I had some reason to believe a raid might be attempted, and although I did not sufficiently rely on it to trouble the general with a dispatch, I though it best to prepare for the possi-

