
bility of its being made. These continual reports are harassing, from the fact that I know I not very strong, and my certainly that the enemy know it also.

Upon hearing of the robbery of the horses yesterday, I send Captain Walker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, from this place immediately in pursuit, and sent an engine to Kearneysville with orders to dispatch a party from there to cut off the thieves. They were successful. Captain Walker's party recovered one man and the horses, and the Kearneysville party took the other man near Smithfield. They belong to Mosby's command. One of them is named Oden, and he tells me that on Monday night he rode some distance with the train going out, in expectation of capturing something, but thought it rather too hazardous. I will examine these men thoroughly and make a further reports. I think there is good reason to believe that a considerable party of Mosby's men have been within a short distance of this post, and that it has been thoroughly reconnoitered by them from the surrounding hills. The neighborhood affords facilities for concealing a large number of men. As this place is the principal depot for the supplies of General Sigel's column, it is undoubtedly an object of some importance to the enemy, and I assure you I should feel more comfortable with a few more men. The general may be assured, however, that I will not be surprised, if I have any cavalry at all. I inclose a copy of a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, who was here this morning, and to which I referred by telegraph. I have not acted upon it, as I do not recognize it as official. I shall await the orders of the brigadier-general on the subject.

The report of the provost-marshal this morning shows twenty soldiers for court-martial under charges. Some of them are for drunkenness, disorderly conduct, &amp;c. I think where the charges are not serious, it might be better to send them to their regiments, to be punished there. But there are a number of scoundrels who are under serious charges, horse stealing, desertion, &c., who ought to be tried as soon as possible. And there are ten prisoners of war and deserters who ought to be disposed of. Some of these are probably spies and some are undoubtedly deserters. In addition we have five citizen prisoners, arrested by order of General Stahel, and a number of milch cows and a few horses brought in yesterday, all of which require investigation before justice can be done. Some of the owners of the stock bring good evidence of being respectable and peaceable citizens, who have taken and observed the oath of allegiance. I must apologize for the length of this communication, which, however, I hardly know how to abbreviate.

ROBT. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., May 11, 1864-5.30 a. m.

Colonel RODGERS,

Commanding Post, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders from headquarters Cavalry Division, I have directed that portion of my command under Captain Walker to be in readiness to move to the front immediately.

WM. BLAKELY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

28 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

