
of instructions herewith sent. The commanding officers of forts garrisoned by this regiment will turn over all the post property for which they are accountable to the officer of the New Hampshire Unattached Company sent to relieve them.

3. The Second Company New Hampshire Heavy Artillery will immediately take post as follows: One-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Lincoln; one-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Thayer; one-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Saratoga; one-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Bunker Hill. The First Company will take post as follows: One-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Stevens; one-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Slocum; one-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Totten; one-quarter of the company, with an officer, at Fort Slemmer. The officers will receipt for the post property at the posts where they are stationed.

11. Major E. A. Springsteed, Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, is hereby detailed to take charge of the line of defenses from Rock Creek to the Eastern Branch, and will enter upon that duty as soon as practicable. Headquarters at Fort Bunker Hill.

* * * *

14. Major R. S. Shepherd, First Maine Heavy Artillery, is hereby detailed to take charge of the line of defenses formerly occupied by the Third Brigade. Headquarters at Fort Baker.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-General Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 40. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, May 12, 1864.

Companies A and B, of Maine Coast Guards, having reported for duty at these headquarters, are assigned as follows: Company A, Captain Barker, to Fort Lincoln, and Company B, Captain Conant, to Fort Bunker Hill. The acting quartermaster at Fort Bunker Hill will furnish transportation for rations to-night. These officers will report to Major Springsteed at Fort Bunker Hill. Rations to be drawn from depot near Fort Slocum.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C., May 12, 1864.

General R. O. TYLER,

Fairfax Court-House:

It has been determined to abandon, as no longer necessary, the Orange and Alexandria Railroad beyond Bull Run. You will, therefore, at once draw in all your forces and stores upon that part

