
My thanks to the Second Virginia Cavalry, who, under the leadership of their gallant colonel, while retreating under a galling fire from the enemy, preserved their ranks unbroken as on parade, and by their vigorous return of the enemy's fire, saved the left of the division.

My thanks to the Thirty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, who, led by the brave Lieutenant-Colonel Shaw, first fought nobly on the left, and when the Second Brigade gave way in some confusion on the right gallantry threw themselves in the breach, held the enemy in check, and gave time for the broken column to be reformed in their rear, thus saving the division from a shameful rout.

My thanks to the Third Virginia Cavalry, who with unwavering lines received the first fire of the enemy, and who preserved most excellent order during the entire engagement.

But while you receive my congratulations, do not forget that there is yet much for us to do. Do not be blind to the fact that our duty is yet only partly performed. We have much yet to suffer; many labors to undergo. The whole army of our country is actively engaged to destroy an active and determined foe. Let us see that our part is performed without disgrace, and without murmur. In a word, do as you have already done. Let every man be at his post, and discharge his duty as a patriot and a soldier.

A. N. DUFFIE,

General, Commanding Cavalry.

Numbers 20. Reports of Colonel John McCausland, Thirty-sixth Virginia Infantry, commanding Department of Western Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS,New River Bridge, May 9, 1864.

The forces under General Jenkins engaged the enemy near Dublin to-day. We were defeated. General Jenkins was severely wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond and Major Tyler, Sixtieth Regiment, killed; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Smith, Thirty-sixth, wounded. Many other officers killed and wounded. I assumed command, being the senior officer, and collected the troops at this place. The enemy have twelve regiments; may drive me away to-morrow. Our loss is heavy in killed and wounded. I have saved the stores at Dublin. I suggest that General Breckinridge be ordered back with Echols' and Wharton's brigades.

JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

General S. COPPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Christiansburg, May 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following synopsis of the movements of the troops under my command. I regret that the reports of subordinate offices have not been received to enable me to make it more complete:

On the 7th of May I reached Dublin on my way to Staunton with my brigade. Orders were there received from Brigadier General A. G.

