
WASHINGTON CITY, May 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

Official dispatches have been received from the Army of the Potomac. A general attack was made by General Grant at 4.30 a. m. yesterday, followed by the most brilliant results. At 8 o'clock Hancock had taken 4,000 prisoners, including Major General Edward Johnson and several brigades and between 30 and 40 cannon. Now is the time to put in your men.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governors Morton, Indianapolis; Yates, Springfield; Bramlette, Frankfort; Stone, Davenport, and Lewis, Madison.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 41. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, May 13, 1864.

1. Captain Schubert's (Ninth New York Independent) battery will proceed at once to Fort Sumner to relieve the command at that front. The senior officer at Fort Meigs will receipt for the property. The quartermaster of defenses south of Eastern Branch will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. The two companies of New Hampshire Heavy Artillery will proceed to take post as follows: First Company--one-fourth at Battery Cameron, one-fourth at Battery Parrott, one-fourth at Battery Kemble, and one-fourth at Battery Vermont. Second Company--one-half at Fort Gaines and one-half at Fort Bayard.

3. The two companies of Maine Coast Guards will take post, A Company at Fort Simmons and B Company at Fort Mansfield. These four companies will move as early to-morrow morning as possible. The acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Bunker Hill will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Haskin:

GEO. J. BREWER,Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22TH ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General SLOUGH,

Military Governor of Alexandria:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the Second District of Columbia Volunteers and Fourth Delaware Volunteers have been ordered to take position and guard the Orange and Alexandria Railroad from Springfield Station to Bull Run bridge. The commanding officer of these regiments will report to you, and this railroad you will hereafter consider as within your command. You will accordingly take such measures as you shall deem with the troops ordered to you for its preservation.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

