SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 117. Washington, May 14, 1864.

* * * *

69. Camp Davis, a cavalry camp, near Sandy Hook, Md., under command of Colonel McReynolds, First New York Cavalry, is hereby discontinued and broken up. The companies of artillery and cavalry threat, which are mounted and belonged to regiments serving in the field in the Department of West Virginia, will report forthwith to the commanding officer at Harper's Ferry. All other organizations at the said camp, with their horses, arms, and equipments, will be sent immediately to Camp Stoneman, Department of Washington, for instructions and complete equipment. Colonel J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Camp Stoneman, will proceed at once to Camp Davis, and look to the prompt execution of this order, after which he will rejoin his command.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR WOODSTOCK, May 14, 1864.

Major-General STAHEL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The troops will be ready to march to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock. They will be prepared for action, and march in the direction of Mount Jackson. The troops now in front will remain in their present positions until information from them is received and further orders can be sent to them.

Very respectfully, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

SALT SULPHUR, W. VA., May 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I have positive information that General Morgan started on a rail into Kentucky from Saltville with from 2,000 to 4,000 men. He was going through Pound Gap with his mounted force. His dismounted men were going to Louisa, on Big Sandy, to mount themselves. All were to concentrate at Richmond, Ky., then move through Lexington, Ky., Frankfort; tap the Nashville and Louisville Railroad at Bardstown, to flank Nashville; cut the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad; then join Johnston's army. This move will be deferred a few days. There is a rebel organization in Kentucky, of from 2,000 to 3,000 men, who have horses and arms, and will join him there. Morgan gets positive information from Kentucky twice a week by scouts. He is well posted in regard to the men and position of our forces in Kentucky, and will avoid our forces. I would respectfully suggest that the commander in Kentucky keep some reliable scouts at Pound Gap, to give him timely information of Morgan's approach. Should they be moved on his line now he would be advised of it and avoid them.

Respectfully,

GEO. CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

