
required by withdrawing from the wheel their names, so far as the present draft is concerned. The quota of State and city would still be drawn, although from reduced basis, and none but those whose risk of draft is thus increased would, as it seems to me, have the right to complain.

Yours, very respectfully,

A. W. BRADFORD.

LEW. WALLACE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 14, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE,

Baltimore:

The views of Governor Bradford, expressed in your telegram, have been carefully considered by this Department, and the Provost-Marshal-General makes the following report thereon:

To withdraw from the wheel for draft the names of men who go into the 100-days' service would necessarily exempt them all from this draft. I do not think such a course would be in accordance with the spirit of the law, and it would be more objectionable than to exempt only those 100-days' men whose names might actually be drawn, which the Secretary has already refused to do. I recommend that the existing orders on the subject continue to govern.

The following are the terms on which the Western troop for 100-days' service were offered and raised:

First. The tern of service to be 100 days, reckoning from the date of muster into the service of the United States, unless sooner discharged.

Second. The troops to be exclusively infantry, and mustered into the service of the United States by regiments when the regiments are filled up according to regulations to the minimum strength; the regiments to be organized according to the regulations of the War Department; the whole number to be furnished within twenty days from date of notice of the acceptance of this proposition.

Third. The troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, transported, and paid as other United States Infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortification, or wherever their service may be required, within or without their respective States.

Fourth. No bounty to be paid the troops, nor the service charged or credited on any draft.

Fifth. The draft for three years' service to go in any State or district where the quota is not filled up; but if any officer or soldier in this special should be drafted, he shall be credited for the service rendered.

I hope that General Bradford will give us 2,000 or 3,000 on the same terms.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 122. Baltimore, May 14, 1864.

* * * *

8. Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade, is hereby ordered to put the Eighth Regiment New York Artillery en route at once to report to Major-General Augur, at

