
vicinity of Christiansburg for supplies and rest. French has been sent to occupy the Narrows, and Jackson has passed into Monroe to observe and report the future movement of the enemy.

I submit this brief statement for the information of the Department, and will forward a more accurate and extend report when the reports of subordinate officers are received.

I take this occasion to flank the offices and men for their gallantry, the patience with which all hardships have been endured, and the support they have given me during these operations.

The battle of Cloyd's farm was fought on our part with three regiments and one battalion of infantry and two batteries. The enemy had twelve regiments and ten pieces of artillery.

In conclusion, I can only say that the enemy has accomplished but little; nothing commensurate with their preparations. They have destroyed New River bridge and some smaller ones, and stolen some negroes and other property. I cannot now conjecture what will be their next movements, but whatever they are prompt steps will be taken to meet them, and the earliest information sent to the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 31, 1864.

This clear and unpretending report is respectfully submitted to the President for his information.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

Returned to Secretary of War, satisfactory.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS,Christiansburg, VA., May 25, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of Cloyd's farm on the 9th instant and the operations subsequent thereto:

On the 8th instant I received orders from Brigadier General A. G. Jenkins to move my brigade, then encamped near Dublin Awaiting transportation to the east, out to the road to Giles Court-House to meet the enemy, advancing toward Dublin, under Brigadier General George Crook, and estimated at 5,000 men. I moved at once and took position was not a good one, but the best we could get for the force under my command. The troops were place in line on the 8th and remained until the morning of the 9th, when the enemy engaged us.

The Forty-fifth Regiment arrived early on the 9th and was placed on our right by Brigadier-General Jenkins in person, who also at the same time changed the position of the Sixtieth Regiment and Forty-fifth Battalion.

I can only say that I did not approve these dispositions, and so expressed myself to General Jenkins in the presence of his staff, and

