
Washington, for transportation to the Army of the Potomac. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation to Washington.

9. Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade, is hereby directed to send two companies of the One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment Ohio National Guard to report to Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade, without delay after arrival of said regiment at Fort McHenry.

10. Colonel A. L. Brown, commanding One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment Ohio National Guard, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders of the War Department, is hereby directed to proceed with his regiment to Fort McHenry and report to Bvt. General W. W. Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TRENTON, N. J., May 14, 1864.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram just received. It is impossible at this moment to say how large a force I can raise. If it is the desire of the President that troops shall be raised in New Jersey for 100-days' service I will at once do all I can to raise as large a force as you may require from me, and forward them as expeditiously as possible. How shall they be organized? Answer.

JOEL PARKER,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 14, 1864-9.20 p. m.

Governor PARKER,

Trenton, N. J.:

The President does desire you to raise immediately all the militia force you can within the next fifteen days upon the terms agreed upon by the Governor of Ohio and other Western States:

1. The term of service to be 100 days, reckoning from the date of muster into the service of the United States, unless sooner discharged.

2. The troops to be infantry exclusively, and mustered into the service of the United States by regiments when the regiments are filled up according to regulations to the minimum strength; the regiments to be organized according to the Regulations of the War Department; the whole number to be furnished within fifteen days from date.

3. The troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, transported, and paid as other United States infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortifications, or wherever their services may be required, within their respective States.

4. No bounty to be paid the troops, nor the service charged or credited on any draft.

