
learned that they were well aware of our intentions. To prevent the forces near the railroad from re-enforcing the enemy you were to encounter, I attacked and drove some Kentucky troops fifteen miles toward their main body, capturing 50 prisoners and losing but I man. Left the enemy's front on the night of the 9th and arrived near Wytheville on the evening of the 10th, where I found about 4,000 rebels, under Sam. Jones, * on their way to oppose you. I fought them four hours, inflicting some loss and capturing a few prisoners. My loss was 120 killed and wounded, none missing. Enemy retired after dark, and I marched to join you at Dublin. Finding you had crossed the New River eastward, I followed you on the morning of the 12th, ahead of the commands of Jones and Morgan, which arrived next day. Receiving instructions from you at Blacksburg, I destroyed the railroad to a point four miles east of Christiansburg, driving a small force of the enemy from that town, capturing two 3-inch guns, which the enemy abandoned in their haste. My operator communicated with Salem and Lynchburg and learned that large re-enforcements were moving over railroad westward. I therefore deemed it proper to join you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 15, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SIGEL:

Your telegram of yesterday just received. Two Ohio regiments have arrived at Martinsburg, and one at Harper's Ferry. Another for that point is now passing through this place. I have also two regiments at New Creek and two here. I have no news from General Crook. Colonel Harris has sent scouts to communicate with him, if possible. My scouts report the enemy as having fallen back to the Shenandoah Valley, leaving only McNeill's force, which is said to be near Moorefield. I will send the cavalry to Moorefield and Petersburg as soon as the river falls. All quiet along my line; some little trouble with guerrillas and horse-thieves in Webster, Braxton, and Gilmer Counties; have sent scouting parties after them. Permit me, respectfully, to suggest the propriety of ordering all of the dismounted cavalry that the armed, now at Pleasant Valley, to Bunker Hill, there to await their horses. They could do guard duty and assist in protecting your trains.

B. F. KELLEY.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

How many regiments of Ohio militia have arrived on line of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and where are they stationed? Are any rebels in force threatening your line?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* General Sam. Jones was then in command of the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

---------------

