
troops will be supplied, so far as you may deem necessary, by Ohio militia. In the mean time General Morris' artillery will take their places. The troops here ordered should move promptly. Brigadier-General Lockwood will accompany them, with orders to report to General Grant. They should have five days' provisions and 150 round of ammunition. A prompt execution of this order is expected.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 123. Baltimore, May 15, 1864.

1. Captain William Frank, commanding Companies G and K, One hundred and forty-fourth Regiment Ohio National Guard, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby directed to send Company G to Forth Numbers 5, defenses of Baltimore, to report to Brigadier-General Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade.

2. Company K, One hundred and forty-fourth Regiment Ohio National Guard, will be put en route at once for the Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to report to Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Colonel S. H. Hunt, commanding One hundred and forty-fourth Ohio National Guard, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby directed to proceed with his regiment to Fort McHenry and report to Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding Second Separate Brigade.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., May 15, 1864.

Major VINCENT:

The Twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry will leave Chambersburg for Washington at 6 a. m. 16th instant. The One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is scattered throughout the department, on duty at the different draft rendezvous and district provost-marshal's headquarters and coal regions. Have ordered all to concentrate at Harrisburg. I have no troops to replace those at draft rendezvous. Will await instructions in regard to them.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 178. Washington, May 16, 1864.

* * * *

9. Colonel J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, is relieved from the duty assigned him in paragraph 69, Special Orders, Numbers 177, current series, from this office, and Captain Charles S. Bowman,

