
urged him to conform to my original line. He declined doing so, and the battle was joined on our right. The enemy threw two brigades upon that part of our line, and was forcing it back, when I brought up two pieces of artillery and opened upon them. This seemed to check them, when General Jenkins ordered up the Thirty-sixth Regiment from the left. It came up handsomely to the right, when General Jenkins ordered the Forty-fifth Battalion to charge, which they did, driving the enemy some distance. The Thirty-sixth Regiment was also ordered to charge, when an officer rode up, informing me that the enemy had turned our left. The Thirty-sixth Regiment was then ordered back to its original position.

Meanwhile the Sixtieth Regiment had repulsed a charge made by the pennsylvania Brigade upon our center, and General Jenkins had been wounded; and during this time there had been a fierce artillery duel between our battery and those of those of the enemy coming into position in front of our center. After the Forty-fifth Battalion charged, the enemy charged in return and broke that part of our lines, and at the same time the Sixtieth and Forty-fifth Regiments were driven from their positions, when the whole line gave way.

As soon as I learned that General Jenkins had been wounded I assumed command and began to make a new disposition of our forces. The troops were formed about 200 yards in rear and upon the line I had originally suggested.

Meanwhile the enemy had moved upon our left and occupied a good position before the Thirty-sixth Regiment could reach their position to prevent it. The fight was maintained here for some time. I attempted to make a new disposition in rear of our second position, when the enemy charged our whole line and forced it back.

It was now apparent that our third line could not be held, when I ordered the troops to be moved to the rear, and taking charge of the Thirty-sixth Regiment covered the retreat. The enemy soon formed upon our last position and charged our rear with his cavalry, when another position was taken about one mile from the battle-field, and the charged repulsed. I then moved on toward Dublin, frequently checking the enemy, until arrival of Colonel D. H. Smith, with about 500 dismounted men of Morgan's command. They joined me about a mile from Dublin and were placed in position to check a cavalry charge that was made by the enemy at that time. They did it well and covered the rear until we reached New River bridge. I found the works at this incomplete and untenable, and moved the infantry across the New River and encamped for the night. The wagon trains and artillery had, meanwhile, passed the river on a bridge three miles above, and the artillery had joined me at the railroad bridge.

The enemy halted at Dublin for the night and moved on the bridge early next morning. I stationed sharpshooters along the river-bank and placed all my artillery in position to command all the approaches to the bridge. The enemy opened with artillery, and we replied for seven hours, and until our ammunition was exhausted. Many horses were killed, and the guns could be worked no longer. I then withdrew them, and finding that the bulk of the enemy's forces was crossing at Pepper's Ferry, below the bridge, and moving out toward Blacksburg, I withdrew in the direction of Christiansburg and moved east to Big Hill, near Salem, where we occupied a position to contest the farther advanced of the enemy toward the east, and also protected the bridges across the Roanoke River.

