
whackers, now on Flat Top Mountain. These men say they were cut off in a charge under General Duffie, four miles from Wytheville; say Averell's column had taken Wytheville, and General Crook Newbern, destroying the bridge. This they claim to have learned from the enemy while prisoners.

A. H. NASH.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, May 17, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL

(Care Captain Mathews):

I saw Major Lyon fully. Much obliged for your attention through him. Very little news to-day. Lee occupies a new and very strongly fortified position only four miles south of Spotsylvania, and is said to be re-enforced. Our army awaiting re-enforcements and better roads. No fighting since Thursday. Nothing decisive from Butler. Sherman had heavy engagements with Johnston at Resaca Saturday and Sunday. Johnston reported falling back farther. The heavy rains have again disturbed both wooden spans Harper's Ferry bridge and threatened many other bridges. Crisis now passed, however, and Ferry bridge will be ready for passengers or troops in a few hours.

W. P. SMITH.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT., OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cedar Creek, May 17, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you for the information of the commanding general of the department that the troops and trains are coming across the creek as rapidly as possible. My scouts have returned from the front in the direction of Fisher's Hill, but have been unable to discover a rebel force of any kind. Fisher's Hill was occupied until late last night by a force of my command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT., OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cedar Creek, May 17, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state for the information of the major-general commanding department that the entire command is on this side of the creek, with the exception of one regiment of infantry and one section of artillery.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

