
sary. The troops are in very good spirits, but greatly outnumbered, as Breckinridge has evidently thrown his principal forces against me. I will, however, do my best and depend on your assistance I wish that you send me immediately the Fourth Virginia Infantry, and the Second Maryland Infantry as there is no serious danger for Cumberland and New Creek, or other places west, as long as I can maintain my position here. Please inform General Crook by any means, and direct him to operate against Staunton, and to destroy if possible the railroad between Staunton and Jackson River Depot.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, May 17, 1864.

General KELLEY:

SIR: Information from General Sigel just received. He fought Breckinridge on the 15th near New Market, and fell back to Strasburg. Our loss in killed and wounded about 600, with 5 pieces of artillery. Enemy's loss reported to be 1,000. Lieutenant-Colonel Lincoln, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, wounded. The enemy's forces were Echol's and Imboden's, commanded by Breckinridge. Our loss in prisoners 50.

Respectfully,

LAWRENCE,

Operator.

HARPER'S FERRY, May 17, 1864-4.30 p. m.

General F. SIGEL:

The following telegram * just received, which I forward for your information. Have sent copy to General Halleck. I find the two spans of railroad bridge swept away; also the pontoon bridges at Falling Waters and this place. Have ordered a pontoon bridge from Washington; expect it by special train. You need not be apprehensive about your supplies. You will be fully supplied from the west end of the road, which is in good working order. My son, Lieutenant Kelley, will leave Martinsburg this p. m. with dispatches for your headquarters.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, May 17, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL:

I have ordered the Second Maryland to move to-morrow morning.

Three companies of the Fourth Virginia are scouting in Lewis and Gilmer Counties. The balance of the regiment I have ordered to Martinsburg by rail, to report to you without delay.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

There are now at Martinsburg seven regiments Ohio militia bound for Washington, awaiting repair of bridge.

---------------

* See Kelley to Halleck, p. 475.

---------------

