
fifty each in Strong, Corcoran, Woodbury, Cass, Tillinghast, Craig, and Albany; twenty-five each in Bennett and Haggerty. In the same manner small garrisons from Piper's Tenth New York occupy all the works recently held by Abbot's brigade. It is my intention to leave these artillery officers and men in these different works and at once commence a system of instructions varied with some artillery practice on Tuesday and Fridays.

I am, very respectfully,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

VIENNA, VA., May 18, 1864.

(Received 7.05 p. m.)

Colonel T. J. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

The inclosed telegram of yesterday is just received from officers sent out on Saturday night with one squadron:

BELLE PLAIN, 17TH.

Mosby has concentrated, and I met his force in considerable numbers this p. m., three miles from here, toward Stafford Court-House. Davis, the guide, wounded by them, and ordered to remain here to-morrow and scout with a force from here.

P. H. MICKLES, Jr.,

Captain, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

We have, however, here the best of evidence that Mosby was in Loundoun County on Monday. It was reported in Dranesville that he was killed in the fight with Kelley. I this morning sent Major Forbes with 300 men to scout Loundoun County, commencing at Rectortown and working up toward Leesburg. I made this force large because it is said White's battalion is in that vicinity. It is certain that some of White's men who were wounded in Rosser's fight of May 8 were in Middleburg last Friday. I think Major Forbes will get intelligence of any cavalry force that may be approaching from the Rappahannock. How far south am I expected to watch?

Respectfully,

C. R. LOWELL, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 18, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Near Spotsylvania, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say that the President will appoint General Hunter to command the Department of West Virginia, if you desire it. Please answer as early as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

May 18, 1864-5.30 p. m. (Received 8 a. m. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

By information just received I judge General Crook is going back to Gauley-by the same route he went. If so, all the surplus force

