
COLUMBUS, May 18, 1864.

(Received 3.15 p. m.)

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Ohio has sent regiments as follows: Four to Baltimore, Md., two to Cumberland, thirteen to Washington, and the fourteenth will leave to-night; three to Parkersburg, four to Charleston, three to New Creek, three to Harper's Ferry; has stationed one at Gallipolis, two at Camp Dennison, two at Camp Chase; two regiments and a battalion of seven companies at Johnson's Island-being forty-one regiments and one battalion, comprising an aggregate of 34,000 men. This work has been completed in sixteen days.

JOHN BROUGH.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 18, 1864-11.15 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

We have no reports of operations since my last dispatch. The latest information from General Grant was that the roads had greatly improved, large re-enforcements had reached him, and he designed to move against the enemy without delay. It is the design of the Government to keep up the national forces until the rebellion is overthrown, and in order to provide against any inopportune reduction when the service of the 100-day's men go out, a draft to fill up their place and all other reductions will be ordered to take place on the 1st of July, by which time the new enrollments will be completed. No order is yet issued.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, May 18, 1864.

(Received 4. 40 p. m.)

General GEORGE W. CULLUM:

Great agitation. Cheerful dispatch from Secretary to Dix would to good.

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 18, 1864-10.40 p. m.

Major-General DIX:

We have no dispatches to-day from General Grant nor from General Butler or Sherman. The reports from the Kanawha confirm the destruction of the bridge over New River, and several miles of the railroad track destroyed by General Crook's command, and state that he had fought three battles with Generals Sam. Jones* and A. G. Jenkins and defeated them; the rebel loss being over 600 killed

---------------

* Generals Sam. Jones was then in command at Charleston, S. C.

---------------

