
Just at that time the detail from the Twenty-first New York reported, and knowing that you were in a hurry for the detail I ordered Lieutenant Shuttleworth, acting aide-de-camp at these headquarters, to take same and report them to you, and also show you the communications from those officers. Lieutenant S. returned and informed me that your ordered the men to return if you could not get them all. I would respectfully call your attention to the severe duty performed by this brigade during the last week. On an average, from 600 to 700 men have been on duty every day. Add to this want of rations and forage and you will see the impossible of getting men ready as soon as expected. I could fill detail of thirty, but not with good men and serviceable horses as you desired, but supposed you did not want them except they were fit for duty.

I have at present about 300 men equipped for duty in the brigade.

About 258 came in this afternoon and evening from scout duty, and would respectfully ask if those men are expected to go on picket in the morning, as a great many of them were relieved yesterday from picket, and the officers have reported to me the very poor condition of the horses in their commands, stating that the most of them will be unserviceable in a few days on account of scarcity of forage, and duty performed, if they are not allowed rest for a short time.

Hoping this will be a sufficient explanation, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM B. TIBBITS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cedar Creek, Va., May 19, 1864.

Colonel WELLS,

Commanding Detachment:

COLONEL: The commanding general desires you to guard the roads and the country south of Cedar Creek and the North Fork of the Shenandoah River, toward Front Royal, Woodstock, and Cedar Creek, with great vigilance. There are posts now on this side of Cedar Creek at a point opposite Front Royal and at Cedar Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cedar Creek, Va., May 19, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE D. WELLS,

Commanding Advance Detachment:

COLONEL: The commanding general desires you to have two companies of infantry take a position at a secure place in the vicinity of Fisher's Hill, and fifty cavalry near Round Hill and a little this side, with their pickets and vedettes to the rights as far as the Back road, to the left as far as the North Fork of the Shenandoah River, and in front so far as to leave Round Hill outside of the pickets. Besides

