
these regular outposts, patrols must be sent to the right front, and left. It is the object to allow the enemy to occupy Round Hill, with the view of capturing them during the night by sending infantry around both sides of the Hill. Captain Ellicott, the bearer of this, has been ordered to report to you scouting purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 19, 1864-12 m

Major-General SIGEL:

Your telegrams of yesterday just received, and the one for General Crook dispatched to Gauley with orders to send it by messenger to General Crook at once. My scouts have not yet returned from the direction of Moorefield. The streams are so swollen it is difficult moving about. I will send the detachments of the Fifteenth and Twenty-first New York Cavalry back to you, via Bloomery Gap and Pughtown, as soon as the streams are fordable. You may require them, and I can get along with the detachment of the Twenty-second until you can be able to spare me the balance of it. I have not heard from Harper's Ferry this a. m., but trust the new pontoon bridges arrived during the night and will be laid this a. m. The road west is all right.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cedar Creek, May 19, 1864. (Received 20th.)

Brigadier-General WEBER:

As it very important to have the two militia regiments join me at once, would it not be best to send forward the Fifth New York Artillery instead of the militia? Please see that the detachment of the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts join their regiment without delay. It has been ordered more than once and I should like to know the cause of the delay. I just learn that Colonel Rodgers' regiment is at Newtown.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cedar Creek, May 19, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Harper's Ferry:

Take steps, without delay, to arm the dismounted cavalry either with carbines or muskets. It is essential that they be equipped soon to be of some avail.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

32 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

