
Early and occupied Ashby's and snicker's Gaps. I distributed command so as most effectually to protect the country. These detachments - under Captains Richards and Chapman and Lieutenants Glascock, Nelson, and Hatcher - while they kept the enemy confined to the main thoroughfares and restrained their ravages, killed and captured about 300, securing their horses, &amp;c. My own attention was principally directed to ascertaining the numbers and movements of the enemy and forwarding the information to General Early, who was then in the Valley.

At the time of the second invasion of Maryland by General Early I moved my command to the Potomac, crossed over three companies at Cheek's and Noland's Fords, while the remaining portion was kept in reserve on this side with the artillery, which was posted on the south bank to keep open the fords, keeping one company (B), under Lieutenant Williams, near the ford on the north bank. Two were sent under Lieutenant Nelson to Adamstown, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, for the purpose of intercepting the train from Baltimore, destroying their communications, &c. Apprehending a movement up the river from a considerable body of cavalry which I knew to be stationed below, I remained with a portion of the command guarding the fords. Lieutenant Nelson reached the road a few minutes too late to capture the train, but destroyed two telegraph lines. On his return he met a force of the enemy's cavalry near Monocacy, which was charged and routed by the gallant Lieutenant Hatcher, who took about 15 men and horses, besides killing and wounding several.

We recrossed the river in the evening, bringing about 75 horses and between 20 and 30 prisoners.

Our loss, 2 missing.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Itinerary of general operations in the Department of West Virginia, for May, June, and July, 1864.+

DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA.++

MAY.

During the month the two divisions under General Sigel moved up the Shenandoah Valley without opposition as far as New Market.

May 15 was fought the battle of New Market, resulting in the defeat of our forces and their immediate retreat to the north bank of Cedar Creek. The loss in the battle was about 1,000 men killed, wounded, and captured, and 7 or 8 pieces of artillery captured.

In the mean time the forces under General Crook, proceeding by way of Fayetteville, Raleigh and Princeton, fought the battle and gained the brilliant victory of Cloyd's Mountain on the 9th. On the 10 the burned the important railroad bridge spanning New River, and

---------------

* For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XLIII, Part I.

+ From monthly returns of the commands indicated. See also itineraries arranged with reports of distinct operations.

++ Commanded by Major Gens. Franz Sigel and David Hunter.

---------------

