
to charge was given; our first line (their right wing) moved promptly to the front to the edge of the woods, when the order was given to halt and form into line of battle, which was done under a very severe fire of musketry. It was at this point Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, our gallant commander, was wounded and borne from the field, a fact of which I was ignorant until the regiment had left the field. The men were formed on the crest of a hill about 200 yards in our rear, which position it maintained until the enemy had flanked us both to the right and left, when they were forced back in considerable disorder, and could not be rallied under such a heavy fire. It was at this point that the most of our casualties occurred. After getting beyond the fire of the enemy, through the exertions of the company officers, the men were again formed. We continued the retreat in the direction of Dublin Depot, near which place I received an order from the colonel commanding to move in the direction of New River bridge, which place we reached between 6 and 7 p. m. I was ordered to take up position in a small redoubt west of New River, and north of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, where we remained until about dark, when I was ordered to cross the river on the railroad bridge, and bivouac on the other side (east).

The next morning, Tuesday, 10th, about 10 a. m., I received an order to get the regiment under arms and move into position in rear of the artillery some 200 yards, and to shelter the men as well as the nature of the ground would admit. Here we remained for about two or three hours, subjected to heavy fire of shell and shrapnel from the enemy's guns posted on the west side of the river. Fortunately from the formation of the ground the men were not much exposed. There was only one man slightly wounded at this place. About 1 p. m. I received an order to move in the direction of the turnpike road leading to Christiansburg, this regiment bringing up the rear. We reached Christiansburg, the distance of twelve miles, about sunset and bivouacked. About 7 a. m. I was ordered to move in the direction of salem. We marched to Shawsville, about ten or twelve miles, and stopped for the remainder of the night.

The next morning, Wednesday, 11th, we continued the march in the order as above stated (this regiment in the rear, with one company as Big Hill, seven miles west of Salem, where we remained until Friday, 13th instant, when I received an order to march in the direction of Christiansburg. The regiment moved about 8 a. m. After marching on the turnpike road for about eighteen miles we turned to the right and marched in the direction of Blacksburg, Montgomery County, which place we reached about 7 p. m., a short time after the enemy, under General Averell, had left it. Having no order to stop I continued the march some four miles farther in the direction of Newport, Giles County, when I received order to bivouac at Blacksburg. Owing to the negligence of the courier this order was not received until we reached marched past the place where we were ordered to stop. I countermarched the regiment and marched back about two miles and halted for the night.

On saturday, the 14th instant, I moved the regiment to this place, a distance of about ten miles, and encamped, at which place we have been stationed up this date.

Company A, of this regiment, was detached on the morning of the 9th instant and put in position between and in advance of Bryan's and Dickenson's batteries, which place they maintained until all the

