
with his force is between New Market and Mount Jackson, and his cavalry between Mount Jackson and Woodstock, scouting in this direction. They are constructing a bridge across the Shenandoah near Mount Jackson. Our advance is at and beyond Strasburg. I am anxiously awaiting the re-enforcements asked for. Inform General Crook that I have received his reports. Tell him, also, where I am,and where Breckinridge is. Inform him also what re-enforcements of Ohio militia have been or will be sent to him.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 20, 1864-9 a.m.

(Via Martinsburg.)

Major-General SIGEL, Cedar Creek:

The Fourth Virginia Infantry, or a portion of it (four companies being detached in Lewis and Gilmer Counties), passed here last night en route for Martinsburg. The lieutenant-colonel commanding represents that in consequence of their hard service in the southwest, and being so reduced in numbers, only numbering now about 300, the War Department ordered him back into West Virginia to assist in guarding railroad. May I, therefore, ask you, if you can do so consistently, to use this remnant of a regiment on your line at Winchester, or between there and Martinsburg. They can then render the double service in protecting the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and your line of communication also. Colonel Harris, at Beverly, reports that his scouts started on the 14th to communicate with General Crook; he sent another on the 17th. Refugees,arrived at Beverly on the 17th from Rockbridge County, report that Averell defeated Echols and Jackson on the 11th at Goshen, on the General railroad, twenty-one miles southwest of Staunton. I fear this is not reliable, as Echols confronted you at New Market on the 15th.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, May 20, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY:

Major-General Hunter and his horses leave Washington for Harper's Ferry by special train at noon to-day, by order War Department. Grant has had another fight,but without result so far. Butler quiet; Sherman going it with a rush. Weather probably settled here now.

W. P. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 20, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL, Cedar Creek:

The Dismounted Cavalry Camp has been broken up, by order from the Secretary of War, and all dismounted men are on en route for Camp Davis, near Washington. Our pontoons have not yet arrived, and we have no bridge, but expect to be all right to-morrow.

MAX WEBER,Brigadier-General.

