
these former forts will be turned over to the officers of the One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard, who are ordered to occupy them.

3. Company A, Knap's artillery battalion, Pennsylvania Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is assigned to Fort Meigs, to which post the company will proceed without delay. The commanding officer will report to Captain Allen, at Fort Baker, as soon as practicable. The reports and returns of the company will be made to Captain Allen, to whose command it is assigned.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 21, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

I now learn that General Grant's instructions to General Sigel were to move up the Shenandoah with all his available force to meet General Crook, who was ordered to cut New River bridge, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad; then move to Lynchburg, if he could, and if not, to Fincastle, Staunton, and down the Shenandoah Valley. It appears that the railroad and New River bridge have been destroyed, but whether Crook is moving north or west is uncertain. If he returns to the Kanawha Valley his available force will be brought to Harper's Ferry. General Grant says Lee is receiving supplies through Staunton, and thinks it best that you move in that direction, and, if you do not meet with too much opposition reach Staunton and Gordonsville or Charlottesville. Moreover, if you hold at bay a force equal to your own, you will be doing him good service.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, May 21, 1864.

(Received 10 a.m. 22d.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I have the honor to announce my arrival at this point and assumption of command this evening at 7 p.m.

D. HUNTER,Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR CEDAR CREEK, VA., May 21, 1864-9.30 p.m.

(Received 10 a.m. 22d.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

I have directed Generals Crook and Averell to move immediately on Staunton. I hope to meet them there and then move directly east, via Charlottesville and Gordonsville.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

