
crossed the river before they left and were still crossing. They also heard drums this morning on the road toward White Sulphur. From all my information, I must decide that the enemy has crossed in considerable force and contemplates an attack by daylight.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, Va., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,Commanding First Infantry Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the companies of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania, now on this side of Cedar Creek, be ordered to join the companies on the other side. The Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers will picket on the right and left, south of Cedar Creek,one company on the right and one on the left, both connecting with Colonel Wells near Strasburg. A picket of one company will be stationed on the North Fork of Shenandoah River, on the Middletown [and] Buckton road. Twenty-five cavalry have been ordered to report to the commanding officer of the infantry. A picket of twenty men will be stationed on the Shenandoah River where the road from camp strikes the river, between Strasburg and Buckton.

Ten cavalry have been ordered to report to the commanding officer of the infantry. Colonel Rodgers' command will picket with one company on the right and one company on the left of the turnpike. Your pickets will connect with the right and left of Colonel Rodgers' command,you right and left resting on Cedar Creek. If the river is fordable the cavalry will be stationed on the south side of the river, and patrol to the front as far as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, Va., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,Commanding Infantry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he wishes the picket at or opposite Buckton to scouts as far south as possible on the Powell's Big For Valley. Another party has been ordered from Colonel Wells in the same direction, the valley above mentioned being of the greatest importance to our position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

