HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,Commanding Reserve Division, Cumberland:

Pontoon bridge has arrived and will be laid as soon possible. Railroad bridge will probably be completed for noon train of to-day to pass over. Major-General Hunter arrived here last evening; assumed command of this department. All quiet. I sent to-day copies of your telegrams.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, Mary 21, 1864.

(Received Cumberland, 3.20 p.m.)

General B. F. KELLEY:

The railroad bridge is finished and admits of the passage of trains. Pontoon will be completed by evening.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

If I make requisition I become bond to ordnance officer, and must account to ordnance officer, which is impossible. Troops now here, and detachments constantly arriving and departing, apply for ammunition. The only efficient way to meet such necessities promptly, is to have an ordnance agent here with supplies. If one cannot sent, let him send some blank requisitions, which can be filled by those receiving it and sent to Harper's Ferry. I would like to avoid this delay.

W. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CUMBERLAND, May 21, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Colonel HIGGINS,

Green Spring:

You will order Lieutenant-Colonel Root to proceed to-morrow morning, via Bloomery Gap and Pughtown, with the detachments of the Fifteenth and Twenty-first New York Cavalry, to Winchester, and thence to Cedar Creek, to report to Major-General Hunter. The command will take two days' rations,also two days' short forage. You will direct Colonel Root to keep his command will in hand, and he will not permit any straggling, stealing or robbing. If the South Branch is not fordable the detachment can cross the Wire Bridge and them take the Bloomery Gap road.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 21, 1864.

Colonel YOUART:

General Sigel directs me to inform General Crook that he is yet at Cedar Creek near Strasburg awaiting re-enforcements; that Breckinridge

