
to me, and exchanged some of the Second Pennsylvania and Tenth New York Artillery, as follows: From Fort Smith to Fort Albany and interior works all included, Colonel John C. Lee, One hundred and sixty-fourth Ohio, commanding, 9 offices and 486; Second Pennsylvania Artillery, One hundred and forty-fifth and One hundred and forty-sixth Ohio Infantry, about 1,700. From Richardson to Rodgers, and all included, Colonel Piper, Tenth New York Artillery,distributed Sixteenth Indiana [Battery] and Third Massachusetts; in Scott and Berry, One hundred and sixty-sixth, One hundred and thirty-sixth, and One hundred and forty-second Ohio. Colonel Gibson's command consists of two battalions of his regiment,one company Thirteenth New York Cavalry.

I am,colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY' DIVISION, Arlington, Va., May 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that the next regiment reporting for duty in the defenses may be required to go through Georgetown, across the Chain Bridge to Fort Ethan Allen, as I desire to assign it for instruction to Colonel Gibson's command. I would further request that the regiments subsequently furnished me may be provided with tents, as the barracks at the different fortifications will be full after the next arrival. I have made the artillery officers receipt for ordnance and ordnance stores, and have given them the special charge of the magazine and property. If their regiments are to be relieved I would, therefore, respectfully request that I may be notified in season to select the most careful and competent officers let me to take charge of the ordnance property.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CEDAR CREEK, VA., May 22, 1864-11 p.m.

(Received 2.45 p.m. 23d.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Our cavalry is utterly demoralized from frequent defeats by inferior forces and retreats without fighting, and it most urgently needs a commander or grit, zeal, activity, and courage. An experienced brigadier-general to command the cavalry division is needed. A brigadier-general also for the Second Brigade; for this latter post, many officers who know him well believe Lieutenant S. W. Stockton, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, eminently fitted. I beg that he may be nominated, and if he proves not to be worthy within a very few days, let his name be withdrawn from the Senate's consideration. It would be impossible to exaggerate the inefficiency of General Stahel. About two hours ago, there being a distant alarm, he sent to ask for two

