
headquarters and the same to division and brigade headquarters. The other ambulances will be under the immediate orders of the medical director.

II. For the expedition on hand, the clothes each soldier has on his back, with one pair of extra shoes and socks, are amply sufficient. Everything else in the shape of clothing will be packed to-day and sent to the rear. Each knapsacks will contain 100 rounds of ammunition,carefully packed; 4 pounds of hard bread, to last eight days; 10 rations of coffee, sugar, and salt, 1 pair of shoes and socks, and nothing else.

III. Brigade and all other commanders will be held strictly responsible that their commands are amply supplies from the country. Cattle, sheep, and hogs,and if necessary horses and mules, be taken and slaughtered. These supplies will be seized under the direction of officers duly authorized, and upon a system which will hereafter be regulated. No straggling or pillaging will be allowed. Brigade and other commanders will be held responsible that there is no waste, and that there is a proper and orderly division amongst their men of the supplies taken for our use.

IV. Commanders will attend personally to the prompt execution of this order, so that we may move to-morrow morning. They will see that in passing through a country in this way, depending upon it for forge and supplies, great additional vigilance is required on the part of every officer in command of men for the strict enforcement of discipline.

V. The commanding general expects from every officer and soldier of the army in the field and earnest and unhesitating support; and relies with confidence upon an ever kind Providence for a glorious result. The lieutenant-general commanding the armies of the United States, who is now victoriously pressing back the enemy upon their last stronghold, expects much from the Army of the Shenandoah; and he must not be disappointed.

VI. In conclusion, the major-general commanding, while holding every officer to the strictest responsibilities of his position, and prepared to enforce discipline with severity when necessary, will never cease to urge the prompt promotion of all officers, non-commissioned officers,and enlisted men who earn recognition by their gallantry and good conduct.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 102. Near Cedar Creek, Va., May 22, 1864.

I. The Second Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel R. S. Rodgers, is hereby assigned to the First Infantry Division, of this department. Colonel Rodgers will report at once to Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding division, for orders.

II. Major General F. Sigel is hereby assigned to the command of the Reserve Division of this department, and of the troops in front of the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad not comprised in the organizations of the army in the field. Brigadier-General Kelley and

