
Brigadier-General Max Weber will, under his orders, take charge of the defense of the railroad from the Monocacy to Parkersburg and Wheeling.

III. Major T. A. Meysenburg, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general of the army in the field, and will proceed with General Sigel to Martinsburg, W. Fa,. for duty as assistant adjutant-general.

*		*		*		*		*		*

The One hundred and sixtieth Regiment Ohio State Militia is hereby assigned to the First Infantry Division of this department. The commanding officer of the regiment will report at once to Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding division, for instructions and orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Camp on Cedar Creek, May 22, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

CAPTAIN: As General Sigel goes to Martinsburg in command of the reserve troops,and for the protection of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, you will hereafter issue no order in the name of the department commander, but will forward to headquarters in the field as often as practicable all returns, reports, and papers needing the action of Major-General Hunter. Your associate, Captain W. I. Mathews, acting assistant adjutant-general, will continue his duties as at present. It is reported that large supplies contraband of war reach the enemy through the agency of sutlers and unauthorized tradesmen, who, under pretense of supplying our soldiers and the loyal citizens of places actually in our possession, are in the habit of thus smuggling through our lines stores of all kinds to the enemy.

Will you report to me, for the information of the major-general commanding, your experience and opinion on this point, with the names of any persons so engaged, if such be known to you. You will also make any suggestion which your long experience in the department may have to offer. All provost-marshals should be given strict orders to scrutinize the goods received by persons doing business within our lines, and as we have ordered back all sutlers, tradesmen, and citizens to Martinsburg, no person of this class should be allowed to proceed beyond Martinsburg on the pretense of bringing stores to our army,or any other pretense, except with the express orders in writing of these headquarters.

I am, captain, very obediently, yours,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Please send by first opportunity copies of all orders, either in order from or by letter, issued at your headquarters during, the past four weeks, for General Hunter's information.

