HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Charleston, W. Va., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Dept.of W. Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send, in care of Captain McMullin, two letters delivered to me at Martinsburg, with the direction to forward between by the first opportunity. I also have the honor to inform you that I have been ordered to proceed to this point, with instructions to report to you for duty, but found upon my arrival (May 4) that you had moved your command far beyond my reach. I, therefore, remained to await the opening of communication, with the intention to proceed at once and join your command, whenever heard from. The arrival of the Eighth Ohio Cavalry (which has been assigned to the division) compels me to remain, as all the officers are to be mustered, which I am at present engaged doing. It is a full and fine organization, but not yet equipped with horses or arms, having since re-enlisted been transferred from infantry.

Captain McMullin brought the sad intelligence of your ill health, caused by a wound received in action, but states, thank God, that it is not considered serious, and the glorious news from all our armies and your own recent success will surely cause a speedy recovery. I inclose a message* from Lieutenant Harrison, who left Martinsburg in company with Major Lang and Lieutenant North as aides to General Sigel. He requested me at parting to convey his love to the general, and all deeply deplored their misfortune of being separated from him whom they esteemed above all others. It was mournful to hear their sad lamentations.

Soliciting pardon, general, for this undue liberty of addressing you, I must humbly ask leave to remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

EDWIN FREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General Commissary of Musters.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY ADVANCE PICKET, May [22], 1864.

Major THORP:

The enemy occupied Round Top Mountain last night and early this morning, and were signaling with rockets up the Valley to the right and left of Round Top. They were feeling my extreme left last night and were fired on twice. I have sent out a scouting party to the Four-Mile Tavern. Please let me know if I am to be relieved this morning.

Respectfully, yours,J. C. HENRY,

Commanding Cavalry Pickets.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, May 22, 1864-1.20 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

I send a staff officer, who can explain the position of our troops.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

