HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE, May 22, 1864.

Captain P. G. BIER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Major Thorp reports that the enemy occupied Round Top during the night, and made some demonstrations on his right and left. He went out himself with a re-enforcements, and reports that the enemy fell back, and he can now see nothing of them. A scout has gone out to Four-Mile Tavern. I cannot learn that any force of the enemy except small parties have been seen.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Colonel Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, Va., May 22, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Martinsburg, W. Va.:

SIR: You will forward to these headquarters immediately on receipt all telegraphic messages in cipher from the War Department or headquarters of the army,or from Gauley Bridge, or from General Crook, sent in my manner. You will send such messages forward by a special courier and escort.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLY,Cumberland:

Nothing of importance has happened since yesterday. Colonel Maulsby, commanding at Martinsburg, sent me a telegram for 400 men to guard supply trains going to the front this evening. I have only 900 men for duty, and cannot send the men to him. I have sent the last Ohio regiment from here to guard supply trains for the front. You promised me another Ohio regiment. When can I expect it?

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 22, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

Your telegram received. I will send you the militia regiment from New Creek as soon as I can transportation. It is against the order of the secretary of War for these militia regiments to be sent away from line of railroad. They are assigned to me for its protection. I am informed that there is a detachment of the Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, numbering about thirty-five men,

