
2. The four companies of the One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard at Forts Simmons and Mansfield will move without delay to Fort Sumner, and report to the commanding officer, Colonel Marble, at Fort Sumner.

3. The two companies at Forts Bayard and Gaines, of the One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard, will move without delay to fort Reno, and report to Colonel Miller.

4. The detachments of companies of the First New Hampshire Artillery at Batteries Vermont and Kemble will move without delay to Battery Cameron.

5. The Ninth New York Independent Battery will move without delay from Fort Sumner to Battery Kemble.

6. Company B, Maine Coast Guard, will move without delay from Fort Sumner to Fort Foote and report to Captain Barton.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY'S DIVISION, Arlington, Va., May 23, 1864.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I had the honor to informing you yesterday morning that after receiving one more regiment I should not have quarters for any more. Since that communication was written the One hundred and sixty-ninth and One hundred and thirty-eighth Ohio Infantry have reported and been assigned to duty at Ethan Allen and other posts. I have no more barracks room to spare, and I now request that the One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Infantry may be supplies with tents before leaving Washington, and directed to cross at Aqueduct Bridge, halting in front of Fort Corcoran until I can send a staff officer to select a camping-ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR CEDAR CREEK, May 23, 1864.

(Received 8.33 a.m. 24th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major-General Sigel, actuated by an earnest patriotism, was anxious to take a division in this army or attend to any other duty. Upon consultation with him I have deemed it best to place him in command of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the reserve troops in that region. I have ordered General Kelley and General Weber to report to General Sigel, and to be subject to his command.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

