
MAY 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Commanding Third Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Wallace to call your attention to the brigades on the Back, Gunpowder, and Bush Rivers, on the line of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad. They are at present unguarded, and the general commanding directs that you take immediate steps to station a sufficient guard at each of the three points named; one company of infantry will be sufficient for each post. You are requested to make an early report of your action, and make known your views as to the propriety of guarding other points or erecting block-houses.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD SEPARATE Brigadier, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, May 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Colonel John R. Keene, commanding First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, has inquired whether martial law has been declared in the Eastern Shore, counties of Maryland, and as I am ignorant of the fact, if it exists, I beg that you will notify me whether any general order has been issued to this effect by the major-general commanding has been issued to this effect by the major-general commanding this department, or by either of his predecessors. By reference to my file of general orders of 1863, I find that on the 30th day of June, 1863, a proclamation was issued by Major-General Schenck, commanding Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, declaring that martial law was established in the city and county of Baltimore, and in all the counties of the Western Shore.

I can find no order or proclamation other than the one referred to, and although I do not consider that any necessity exists for the promulgation of any such, I would like to know whether there be any outstanding, in order to answer Colonel Keene.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Commanding Third Separate Brigade, Baltimore, Md.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Wallace to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date, asking whether

---------------

*Brief of General Kenly's reply, May 23, 1864: In obedience to orders has detailed companies One hundred and fifty-ninth Ohio National Guard for duty at the bridges over the Bush, Gunpowder, and Back rivers, crossed by the Philadelphia, Wilmington and

Baltimore Railroad, which leaves him but one company of infantry for further detail until three companies of First Eastern Shore arrives. Thinks three is insufficient as guard at Havre-de-Grace, where the boat crosses the river. There should be a gun-boat there or battery.

---------------

