
II. Major Henry Roessle, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, having grossly neglected his duty while in command of pickets, resulting in the capture of 11 men and 45 horses, is hereby dishonorably dismissed the service of the United States from this date, subject to the approval of His Excellency the President.*

III. It has been reported to the commanding general that Captain Michael Auer, Company A, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, dismissed yesterday for the same offense, behaved bravely when aroused, and exerted himself to rally his surprised pickets. Personal bravery is indispensable in a good soldier, but cannot be urged as an excuse for gross neglect of a vital duty, thus endangering the lives of thousands of our fellow-soldiers and the welfare of the country. Picket and outpost duty must be attended to with the greatest strictness. Careless and inefficient offices must give way to trustworthy privates.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, May 24, 1864.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding Martinsburg, &amp;c. L

GENERAL: You will immediately relieve from duty the detachment of the Fourth Virginia Infantry, at present stationed in Gilmer and Lewis Counties, and send them to join their regiments at this point. This letter will be handed you by Lieutenant-Colonel Vance, Fourth Virginia Infantry, who will take command of the detachments to this point. I am further instructed by General Hunter to beg that you will furnish to Colonel Vance all needed facilities. You will also relieve from duty at Harper's Ferry and send to report at these headquarters one battalion of the Fifth New York Heavy Artillery, now on duty at Harper's Ferry, replacing them at that post by some of the militia or other troops at your disposal. The major-general commanding relies upon your prompt co-operation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, May 24, 1864,.

Colonel MAULSBY,First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, Martinsburg:

COLONEL: You will immediately send Lieutenant Sheppard, Second Maryland [Eastern Shore] in command of all the well men of that regiment on duty (detached) at your post, to report forthwith for duty with their regiment to Colonel Rodgers.

---------------

*The disability resulting from this dismissal was removed by order of the President March 21, 1864, and Major Roessle was authorized to re-enter the service as a commissioned officer. He was re-commissioned as major Fifteenth New York Cavalry, April 6, 1865.

---------------

