
Your letter of the 22nd instant has been received. General Sigel will see that you have the necessary force from the State militia organizations in his district. An escort of 300 or 400 infantry appears three or four times too large, except for some train of very special and urgent value.

All this by command of Major-General Hunter:

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- As their army move farther south a larger escort than at present may be required, but on this point General Sigel will give orders, as well as on all others affecting your command.

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cedar Creek, Va., May 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER 155TH OHIO STATE GUARD:

The commanding general directs that you report to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock promptly, with your command to Captain T. K. McCann, chief quartermaster troops in the field, at these headquarters, for the purpose of guarding wagon train to Martinsburg, W. Va.

I am, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION, No. 1. Martinsburg, May 24, 1864.

In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding the department, I hereby assume command of the Reserve Division, and of the troops in front of the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad not included in the organization of the army in the field. Brigadier-General Kelley will take command of the troops comprised in the above, from Sleepy Creek to Wheeling and Parkersburg, and Brigadier General Max Weber from Sleepy Creek to Monocacy River. All reports and returns will be made and forwarded to Major T. A. Meysenburg, assistant adjutant-general, at these headquarters.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 24, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

By direction of the general commanding department, all officers belonging to the regiments, battalions, and batteries comprising the command in the field now detached on service at Martinsburg, Cumberland, and Harper's Ferry, will be forthwith relieved from such duty as they may be upon, except it be upon a general court-martial now in session,and will report for duty with their commands at these headquarters immediately. You will be held responsible for the prompt execution of the order. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of General Sigel:

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

