
to take the field. The general commanding directs that requisitions be made out at once for shelter-tents and ammunition, 100 rounds per man, and that the moment you are ready to move the fact be reported at these headquarters. Detachments of artillery from Washington will be sent to take charge of the magazine, and an officer and non-commissioned officer will be detailed to instruct the militia regiments in the duties pertaining to their present position.

I am,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. BUNCE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to Colonel A. Piper.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 32. Cedar Creek, Va., May 25, 1864.

It appearing from the testimony of Colonel W. B. Curtis, Major R. H. Brown, Captain J. B. Jester, Adjt. George B. Caldwell, and Lieutenant Thomas H. Means, all of the Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, indorsed by the brigade and division commanders, that Lieutenant James W. Dunington, Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, did directly after entering the fight disgracefully desert his command at the late battle at New Market, Va., May 15, 1864, remaining absent during the remainder of the engagement, and not rejoining his company and regiment until about noon of the following day, near Woodstock, Va., the said Lieutenant James W. Dunington is hereby disgracefully dismissed the military service of the United States, subject to the approval of His Excellency the President.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 105. Cedar Creek, May 25, 1864.

1. The Fourth West Virginia Infantry is hereby assigned to the First Infantry Division of this department. The commanding officer of the regiment will at once report to Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding division, for instructions and orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

In the Field, near Cedar Creek, Va., May 25, 1864.

I. First. Hereafter the Army of the Shenandoah will camp in order of battle. The infantry in front, cavalry in rear, and artillery and trains in the center. Second. The First Brigade of Infantry will be camped on the right of the position in two lines, 150 paces apart, its regiments arranged in proper order of rank, with intervals

