
of twenty-two paces. Each regiment will be camped in column of companies right in front. Third. The Second Brigade will be similarly disposed on the left of the position its regiments in column of companies left in front. Fourth. Arms will be stacked on the color lines of the brigades for at least an hour after arriving in camp except in bad weather. Fifth. The brigade of cavalry will be camped in a similar manner except that the regiments will be in column of divisions. Sixth. The artillery will be parked in the most advantageous positions under direction of the chief of artillery, and the trains under that of the chief quartermaster. Seventh. The pioneer corps of each division will encamp near the center of the division. Eighth. The headquarters will be within the limits of the commands to which they belong, and will be distinguished as far as practicable by the flags with which they have been furnished.

II. First. The order of march will be as follows: The advance guard will consist of the First New York Cavalry,with a section of horse artillery and a company of mounted pioneers. The advance will precede, the column by a half hour's march. The Cavalry Division will follow with the horse artillery in front of the rear regiment. Second. Then will follow the infantry division and the train. One battery of artillery will march in rear of the second regiment of the leading brigade of infantry, and the rest of the artillery will precede the last regiment of the Second Brigade of Infantry. Third. One regiment of infantry and two squadrons of cavalry will be detailed each day from division headquarters to follow the train as rear guard. Fourth. Whenever a command is detached for any purpose room will be left that it may take its proper place. Fifth. On arriving near camp the commanders of brigades will find orderlies from department headquarters waiting to show them the position of their color lines. This order of march and encampment will be varied from only by direction or permission of the commanding general.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RESERVE IN DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Martinsburg, W. Va., May 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your letter with instructions of the commanding general has been received. Every effort will be made to carry out all the directions with as little delay as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 25, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

On the 6th instant I received an order from the Secretary of War directing me to assume command of all the troops guarding the

