
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from the Monocacy to the Ohio River. Yesterday I received a copy of an order from Major-General Hunter, dated the 21st [22], assigning Major-General Sigel to the command of these troops. To-day I received an order from General Sigel assigning me to the command of the troops on the railroad west of Sleepy Creek, and assigning the command to General Weber of the troops east of that point. Am I to regard the order of the Secretary of War to me as abrogated by General Hunter's assigning General Sigel to the command?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May, 25, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

Order of the major-general commanding department assigning you to the command of the Reserve Division is received. On the 6th instant I was directed by the Secretary of War to assume command of all the troops guarding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west of the Monocacy River, and having received no intimation from the War Department that Major-General Hunter was authorized to relive me, I deem it my duty to submit the matter to the Secretary of War for instructions; also to advise you of my action.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 25, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg:

The companies of the Fourth Virginia Infantry on duty in Lewis and Gilmer Counties were ordered to be relieved by detachment of the Eleventh Virginia Regiment from Parkersburg, and were ordered to report without delay at your headquarters in Martinsburg. This order was sent on the 20th instant and is now, doubtless, being executed. The men were out on scouts and it would require some days before they would be ready to move. The detailed statement required will be sent you.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBBER:

By direction of the department commander you will relieve one battalion of the Fifth New York Artillery and send them to department headquarters in the field. Please send report by first train of all the troops under your command and their stations, as detailed as possible.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

