HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 25, 1864.

Colonel SAMUEL GRAHAM,Commanding Fifth Regiment New York Artillery:

COLONEL: You are hereby notified that the train will be ready to move about 4 o'clock this p.m. The First Battalion, Fifth New York Artillery, will move as soon as possible to embark on the train at Harper's Ferry, Va. The general commanding directs that none of the offices on duty at general court-martial be relieved, but remain on duty with the court.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. ADAMS,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

MARTINSBURG, May 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBER:

How many cavalry have you at Harper's Ferry and at the different posts near Harper's Ferry? The general wishes to know as soon as possible.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 25, 1864.

Major MEYSENBURG,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding Reserve Division, the number and station of troops comprising this command, Sleepy Creek, Back Creek, and Cherry Run, detachments from the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, dismounted, 140. At Martinsburg, detachments Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 110,equipped; at Duffield's and Kearneysville, detachments Sixth Virginia Cavalry, equipped, 98.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 25, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding Reserve Division, the number and station of troops comprising this command, Sleepy Creek to Harper's Ferry, as follows:

Dismounted cavalry on guard on railroad, commanded by Captain M. F. Mcdonald, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry: Back Creek, 1 commissioned officer and 54 enlisted men; Cherry Run,1 commissioned officer and 46 enlisted men; Sleepy Creek, 1 commissioned officer and 47 enlisted men; Martinsburg, detachment Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 95 enlisted men.

