
Infantry: North Mountain, two companies One hundred and thirty-fifth Ohio National Guard; Opequon, one company One hundred and thirty-fifth Ohio National Guard; Vanclevesville, one company One hundred and thirty-fifth Ohio National Guard; Kearneysville, two companies One hundred and thirty-fifth Ohio National Guard; Duffield's Depot, two companies First Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers; Martinsburg, four companies One hundred and thirty-fifth Ohio National Guard, 309 men; One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio National Guard, 732 men.

Artillery: Martinsburg, Thirty-second New York Independent Battery, including detachment of First Virginia Battery; Opequon to Duffield's, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, 100 men; from Monocacy to Harper's Ferry, First Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers, 700 men, First Company Loudoun Rangers Cavalry (Independent), 131 men.

Forces at Harper's Ferry: One regiment Fifth New York Artillery, 2,200 men; one battalion has just received orders to move to the front, and one battalion garrison Maryland Heights and man the guns; three batteries light artillery, sixteen guns, 300 men; one battery,not effective in consequence of two-thirds of the number being away on veteran furlough; detachment Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 200 men; detachment Sixth Virginia Cavalry, 110 men.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, May 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBER:

The commanding general wishes you to have your detachments along the railroad notified to be on the alert to-night. The enemy's cavalry is hovering about Smithfield.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 25, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General WEBER:

Rebel cavalry captured one of our pickets this morning. Captain Walker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania, and detachment Fifteenth New York, in pursuit. Rebels are going toward Smithfield. Please send as good force as you can toward Smithfield to co-operate with energy. They may be captured. It is probably Mosby's band.

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SIR JOHN'S RUN, May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

By order of General Kelley, I have the honor to report to you that the One hundred and forty-eight Regiment Ohio National Guard will be in to-night.

T. W. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding.

