HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 26, 1864.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Esq.,Master of Transportation, &amp;c., B. and O. R. R.:

Your telegram received. I think you have no cause for uneasiness. I was already aware that obstructions had been placed upon your track, and had before 3 o'clock to-day taken measures to prevent such attempts in the future. I have established a regular patrol from Opequon Creek to Pitcher's Mill, with reserves as strong as the number of our troops will permit. Some of the best officers belonging to the only old and experienced regiment under my command, the First Potomac Home Brigade, are on detached duty along the road for the purpose of instructing the great Ohio militia in their duties as railroad guard. The party of guerrillas that made a demonstration upon Berlin did not cross the river, were few in numbers, and were driven off without trouble. Two days ago information reached me that a gang of about 100 had crossed the Shenandoah and are now in our neighborhood. My cavalry met some of them near Charlestown, and a party of them were last night at Smithfield. I once more assure you that all measure in my power to insure the safety of your road will be taken. One great trouble is that between here and Kearneysville there is no telegraphic communication, so that during the night it is almost impossible to act in concert with forces there.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, May 26, 1864.

Colonel MAULSBY,Commanding at Martinsburg:

The general commanding has information that obstructions were found by the express train west on the railroad track at Quincy Station, three-quarters of a mile east of Kearneysville, about 2.30 this a.m. You will instruct your men to use the utmost care and vigilance to prevent such occurrences along your line of the road. Some stragglers from the Fifth New York will be sent to-morrow with the officers now on a general court-martial if the case now on trial closes.

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, May 26, 1864.

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Orders have been issued and executed to-day establishing picket-posts every mile from Opequon bridge to Pitcher's Mill, with patrols every half hour from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m., with reserves, measured only by force at hand. Extra trains were sent down with orders and officers to see them executed. Lieutenant-Colonel Murray stated that a detachment of 250 men of his battalion was yet to arrive. Is this not correct? I understand from yours that it is not.

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

35 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

