
MARTINSBURG, May 26, 1864.

Captain BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I telegraphed you that Lieutenant-Colonel Murray had stated that a detachment of 250 men of his battalion was to leave Harper's Ferry and arrive here to-day, and asked whether this was not correct, and have received no reply. Please answer.

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CUMBERLAND, May 26, 1864.

Colonel HARRIS, Beverly:

Send the detachment of the Twenty-first New York Cavalry to report to Major-General Hunter via Martinsburg.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 26, 1864.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS, Beverly:

What news have you? Have you heard anything from your scouts sent to Webster and Braxton, or from the one sent to communicate with General Crook?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Woodstock, Va., May 27, 1864.

[Major General J. STAHEL:]

GENERAL: You will immediately proceed to establish regulations for procuring subsistence from the country and its proper distribution to the men of your command. Foraging parties will be detailed by you, under command of reliable and just officers, who will collect such subsistence and forage as the army needs, allowing no waster or pillage, and giving to such of the residents as claim to be, and are commonly reputed to be, loyal, certificates of the amount of stores taken for the use of the United States Government; the payment of such certificates being conditional (and so expressed) on proof that the persons holding the same are, and have been, strictly loyal, and have never willingly aided or abetted the rebellion. All such certificate to be of value, must be brought to you by the persons to whom they are issued, and countersigned by you on presumptive proof of their loyalty. You will charge the officers detailed for this duty to hold their men well in hand, and to allow no plundering or oppression of the inhabitants, nothing being seized except by order of the officer in charge of each party. All subsistence and forage seized will be turned over, under such regulations as you may establish, to brigade and regimental commissaries and quartermasters, for equal distribution to the men of your command.

I have the honor to be, general, very obediently, your servant,CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

