
Until further orders, Captain S. Riddle will report to Captain Allen, commanding forces south of Eastern Branch. The quartermaster will furnish necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR WOODSTOCK, May 28, 1864-12 m.

(Received 10.40 a.m. 29th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have been detained for shoes. Have now received a full supply. I shall depend entirely on the country. Hope to form a junction with Crook at Staunton, and then move immediately on Lynchburg.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Woodstock, Va., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,Commanding Infantry Division:

GENERAL: Lieutenant J. H. V. Field, chief ordnance officer, reported to me at Cedar Creek that a number of the infantrymen are without knapsacks, and could not carry their spare 100 rounds of ammunition agreeably to orders. On this I directed him to transport whatever could not be transported by the men on account of the deficiency of knapsacks. By some misapprehension of Lieutenant Field, it appears that this conditional revocation of the first order in regard to men who were without knapsacks was misconstrued as a total revocation of the order. Please, therefore, have the original order obeyed, and 100 extra rounds placed in the knapsacks of every man who has one. I am much pleased with the infantry,who must form the main reliance of every army. There are fine, stalwart, soldierly young fellows for the most part. You will have a beautiful division with proper care, and if we can only inspire them with confidence by teaching them their own strength, and every man is determined to do his whole duty, we are sure, under God's blessing, of complete victory. Impress on all your officers and men the importance of strict and unhesitating obedience to orders. In this is the true strength of every army and it is under the inspiration of perfect discipline that "Out of this nettle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety." With vigilance, energy that I have seen in this war - and I have seen many - will have more cause to be proud of his men that will you. They have all the physical material, and already possess many of the qualities that go to make up a noble soldiery.

I am, general, very sincerely, your friend.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

