HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,Commanding Infantry Division:

GENERAL: I have much pleasure in informing you that in your statement of facts in regard to the affair of the abandoned ammunition, the major-general commanding fully acquits Colonel James H. Dayton and Colonel R. S. Rodgers of all responsibility for the loss - they appearing to have done their whole duty in the matter with the fidelity to be expected from officers of such excellent repute. The papers in the case are now referred to Lieutenant Field, chief of ordnance, on whom the responsibility would seem definitely fixed, unless his report can greatly their the present bearing of the facts. You will be kind enough to communicate the tenor of this paragraph to Colonels Dayton and Rodgers in case they were apprised of the former correspondence on this subject; otherwise not. I am further instructed to direct that your division shall move upon the advance at sunrise, without further orders, to-morrow morning.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, In the Field, May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,Commanding First Infantry Division, near Woodstock, Va.:

GENERAL: You will notify the commanding officer of the One hundred and sixtieth Ohio State Militia to hold his regiment in readiness to move to-morrow morning (the 29th) at daylight with wagon train returning to Martinsburg, W. Va.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Near Woodstock, Va., May 28, 1864.

Major General JULIUS STAHEL,Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Shenandoah:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Hunter to request that you will immediately detail one good company of cavalry, under officers whom you will select for their discreetness and good conduct, to act as a permanent provost guard for this army. The company commanders will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Starr, assistant provost-marshal forces in the field.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

