
and soon the whole were retreating in considerable confusion. Upon reaching the brow of the main hill I partially succeeded in rallying my men, formed them as best I could under a very heavy fire, and with a portion of the Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment made a stand and temporarily checked the advance of the enemy. As soon a stand and temporarily checked the advance of the enemy. As soon as our slightly wounded could be gotten off the field the whole fell back. I with my command took the road running parallel to the main road to Dublin, and struck the railroad one mile below the Depot. Here I received orders from Colonel McCausland, commanding Fourth Brigade, to take my command to the railroad bridge over New River. The whole command soon reached this point, where we encamped for the night. During the night our artillery was placed in position on the hills on the south side of the river, so as to command the approaches to the bridge, and early next morning I was ordered to place my command immediately in rear of our batteries.

In a short time the enemy appeared on the hills on the opposite side of the river, and opened a furious cannonade upon our position. They were promptly replied to by our batteries, and for three hours the cannonading was furious and incessant, although comparatively harmless as far as we were concerned.

My position was such as to enable me to observe the conduct of our artillerists, and I take great pleasure in bearing testimony to their gallantry and general good bearing in this action. Their guns were worked with great rapidity, and I think told with effect upon the enemy.

About 12 o'clock it was deemed advisable by our commanding officer to withdraw our forces, and the whole were withdrawn in good order to the road leading to Christiansburg. That night we went into camp near Christiansburg, but later, hearing that the enemy were crossing New River at Pepper's Ferry, whence they could easily get below us, we took up the line of march and fell back in the direction of Salem.

I deem it unnecessary to make further report of the operations of my command than to add that the conduct of my men throughout, both in battle and upon the march, has been all that I could have wished or expected. This is their first campaign, and their conduct upon the battle-field I have rarely seen excelled by new troops. In the eight days preceding our arrival at this point we marched 150 miles, part of the time going nearly or quite forty-eight hours without rations, and many of them entirely barefooted. The whole has been done without a murmur or complaint.

I carried into the fight of May 9 183 men and officers. My loss was 34 killed, wounded, and missing.

I desire to mention the names of Lieutenants Acord and Gunnoe as having acted with conspicuous gallantry upon the field. Both of them were wounded.

Sergeant Blankinship, of Company D; Corporal Whitman, of Company E; Private Nathaniel Woods, of Company E; and Corporal Augustus Francisco, of Company B, attracted my attention by their soldiery bearing and brave conduct. Both of the latter were wounded.

H. M. BECKLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-Fifth Battalion Virginia Infantry.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Western Virginia.

