HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Rude's Hill, May 29, 1864.

Major General JULIUS STAHEL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I think it right to inform you that, from information just received by the major-general commanding, it appears probable that McNeil, with his seventy guerrillas (perhaps re-enforced by men from Imboden's command), has withdrawn or will withdraw to-night from his position south of New Market, in Major Quinn's front, and will make an attempt to annoy our pickets on the flanks and Woodstock, by which the major-general commanding expects to receive important dispatches. I give you this information for whatever you may consider it worth, and to be acted upon as you please in strengthening the pickets or sending out a patrol.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA.

In the Field, May 29, 1864.

Major General JULIUS STAHEL,Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Major T. Quinn, First New York Cavalry, is holding New Market, and the position one mile south of it, in the immediate presence of the enemy. He asks that 200 cavalry be immediately ordered to report to him, in order that he may be able to reliable his pickets to-night with the proper force. General Hunter thinks the request reasonable, but refers the matter to you for such action as you may think fit.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,May 29, 1864.

Colonel W. H. FRENCH,

Commanding C. S. Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday regarding the exchange of Private Manning, Fourteenth Virginia (C. S.) Cavalry, for a private of the First West Virginia (U. S.) Cavalry, and in reply to state that the exchange may be effected at any time you shall appoint if Manning has not been sent to the rear. I avail myself of the opportunity to inform you that on the 26th instant a party of men numbering thirty-nine when they crossed the river, claimed to be Confederate cavalry, went to the house of citizen where one of my men was posted as a guard for the protection of private property, and robbed him of his horse and accouterments. It was reported subsequently that Captain French was in command of the party. This conduct,

