
commit similar depredations. In a country like this, infested by guerrilla parties, these practices are dangerous to the commands, and are in gross violation of the spirit of the order for levying supplies upon the country. Many of the residents of this neighborhood have been very kind to our wounded, and it is neither just nor politic to allow wanton outrages and injuries to be inflicted upon any people. In sending out foraging parties no men should be allowed to enter any house except in company with a commissioned officer, of whom many should (whenever practicable) be detailed to accompany each foraging party. These suggestions are made, assured that you will adopt prompt and severe measures to repress the acts referred to. In one case a party found in a house not far from here six or eight barrels of flour. They took what they needed or could carry, and emptied the other barrels over the fields. This is a devastation, and not a recognized levying of subsistence upon the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, very obediently, your most respectful servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-It is not alleged that the cavalry are more culpable than the infantry in this matter. There would seem to be bad and unsoldierly men in each command, it is to be hoped but few, and these can easily be restrained by a few severe examples made by yourself and General Sullivan.

All this by command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,In the Field, May 30, 1864.

Major General JULIUS STAHEL,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will please send a good regiment to relieve the First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, Major T. Quinn commanding, that Major Quinn may at once report with his entire command to the major-general commanding.

This by direction of Major-General Hunter:

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,May 30, 1864.

Major T. QUINN,

First New York Cavalry, New Market, Va.:

Report here at once with your entire command.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

