
CUMBERLAND, May 30, 1864-1 p.m.

Colonel WILKINSON,

New Creek:

Send the regiment of Ohio National Guard to Martinsburg, as heretofore ordered.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

BEVERLY, May 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Will send strong scout to Soldier White's. The expedition under Lieutenant-Colonel Hall successful; captured 85 horses, 36 prisoners, and 40 head of cattle. All will be in to-day.

T. M. HARRIS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MARYLAND REGIMENT

POTOMAC HOME BRIGADE VOLUNTEERS,Sandy Hook, Md., May 30, 1864.

Captain HENRY M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find report of Captain J. Hewett, commanding at Berlin, Md., which, by request, I hereby forward to headquarters Harper's Ferry. I had on the 27th instant reported the affair to headquarters Martinsburg, supposing that to be the channel through which you were to receive it. Yesterday I received a note from Captain Hewett requesting that I forward his report direct to headquarters Harper's Ferry, which would have been immediately attended to had such wish accompanied his report.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. COOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Inclosure.]

BERLIN, MD., May 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. E. COOK,

Commanding First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that this day the enemy made a descent on west back of the Potomac, burning some hay and press, and captured 2 wagons loaded with forage for this market. A few volleys from this side instantly dispersed the gang, which prevented them from committing any further depredations. Thinking it my duty to prevent said forage and stock from being taken away by the enemy, in the absence of orders, I proceeded across the river with a detachment of my command and pursued him till I had recaptured 2 wagons and teams, which the enemy left in his hasty retreat. They took off a citizen and some horses from the immediate vicinity of the river, and retreated in such a mysterious route that I was baffled in my efforts to find any trace of the gang a few miles from the river. The men exhibited great

