
Numbers 24. Report of Colonel Beuhring H. Jones, Sixtieth Virginia Infantry, of engagement of Cloyd's Mountain.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH REGIMENT VIRGINIA INFANTRY,Camp Near Christiansburg, Va., May 19, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to the order of the colonel commanding, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Sixtieth Regiment Virginia Infantry in the battle of Cloyd's farm, May 9:

About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 9th instant the regiment, by order of Brigadier General A. G. Jenkins, was moved about 300 yards in advance of the position in which it had been placed the day previous by Colonel McCausland, commanding the brigade, and placed in the dense wood on the bluff overlooking the meadow through which runs Back Creek. The left of the regiment now rested on the right of a 12-pounder Napoleon gun belonging to Stamps' battery. Shortly afterward the regiment was ordered by the commanding general to move by the flank, so that its left should rest on the main turnpike road and its right on the battery. A company of Montgomery home guards, Captain White G. Ryan, being displaced by this movement, was put in position (by whose order I know not) on the right of the Sixtieth Regiment and to the left of the Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment, commanded by Colonel Browne. The ground now occupied by the regiment was highly favorable, it being a bluff with an unobstructed front for at least 400 yards. Here the regiment, by my order, soon constructed of fence rails a safe protection from musketry. The action began on the right, in front of the Forty-fifth Regiment, Colonel Browne, and Forty-fifth Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Beckley. I had been ordered by the commanding general to support these troops if necessary.

The fight had progressed about twenty-five minutes, the musketry being very heavy, when I received a dispatch from Colonel Browne stating that he was pressed heavily. I immediately ordered Companies K (Captain W. A. Gilliam) and G (Captain A. G. Ingraham), both commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George W. Hammond, to his support. I should have re-enforced Colonel Browne more heavily, but the enemy had begun to make some demonstration in my immediate front. The remainder of the regiment was now moved by the right flank and filled the gap in the line occasioned by detaching the above-named companies. The regiment had hardly taken this position when two or three regiments of the enemy emerged from the woods in front and advanced in line of battle directly upon us, one of their objects most probably being to capture the 12-pounder Napoleon, which had annoyed them greatly in the earlier part of the engagement. No sooner had they advanced within fair range than the command "fire" was given, and some four or five rapid and deadly volleys were poured into their line, breaking and scattering it in every direction; nor could it be reformed, notwithstanding the most strenuous and persevering efforts of their officers. Some fled directly back to the hills, some down the creek, and others in the direction of the residence of Mr. James Cloyd. The meadow in front of my line was thickly strewn with their killed and wounded, and two stand of colors were left lying on the ground; a third stand was precipitately carried back to the mountains. I am satisfied that no less than six

