
willingness to engage the enemy, and I have no doubt had we met him, and the forces been anything like equal, the men would have well sustained their former prestige for fight. I could not exactly ascertain the strength of the enemy, but the party which approached the river consisted of eight of Mosby's gang.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. HEWETT,

Captain and Provost-Marshall.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS, No. 60. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Washington, May 31, 1864.

1. Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to Fort Lincoln, and will report without delay to Colonel Hayward, commanding First Brigade, at Fort Bunker Hill.

2. The Ninth New York Battery, Captain Schubert commanding, will move from Battery Kemble, without delay, to Camp Barry preparatory to being mustered out of U. S. service. The commanding officer will report to General Howe, chief of artillery. The acting brigade quartermaster at Fort Reno will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery (dismounted), having reported for duty at these headquarters, is hereby assigned to Battery Kemble, and will report without delay to Colonel Miller, commanding Second Brigade, at Fort Reno.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 33. Near New Market, Va., May 31, 1864.

The exigencies of this expedition, which has cut loose from its base, and the rapid manner in which it will be necessary to march for the successful accomplishment of our object when once started, will render it necessary for the comfort and recovery of those who may fall too sick to be able to march, that they shall be left behind in care of the loyal inhabitants along the road. It would be obviously inhuman to expose those who are seriously sick to the fatigues of rapid transportation, and would be also impossible, consistently with the interests of the public service. Every good soldier will recognize the necessity of this course, and be satisfied that every personal consideration must give way to the public good. This course, evidently for the benefit of our sick, has been adopted on the recommendation of the medical director of the Army of the Shenandoah.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

