
1 and 3 o'clock this morning. I would also state that as my picket-line is all of four miles in extent, I certainly require at least 150 more men to do picket duty properly, and therefore respectfully request that the Second Maryland Cavalry* be ordered to report to me for duty. In addition to the above, I have the honor to inform you that at 1 o'clock this morning there were about seventy-five of the enemy's cavalry directly in my front, and I judge as many more on my left.

J. S. PLANTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST VETERAN NEW YORK CAVALRY,New Market, Va., May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant J. M. GUION,

Acting Adjutant, First Veteran New York Cavalry:

SIR: I have the honor to be report that one of my outposts, consisting of one sergeant and twelve men, which were posted on the Luray pike at the foot of the mountain, was attacked by the enemy this morning between the hours of 1 and 3 o'clock and the entire post taken. There were four men on duty as vedettes from the post, a double vedette in front guarding the pike leading through the gap and also a cross road leading along the base of the mountain; the other two were posted on high ground on the right, and the other on the left of the pike. These men report to me that they distinctly heard the vedette in front halt the approaching party, after which two shots were fired and the sound of horses galloping up toward the gap was heard. They were of the opinion that the sergeant pursued with his party and was drawn into an ambush. My own opinion, however, is that the men, being very much exhausted both by hunger and the want of sleep, having had little or none for the two nights previous, were surprised and captured. There were several shots fired on the right of my line during the night by my men, but after thorough examination I could find no cause for the alarm.

E. H. BRADY,

Lieutenant E Company, First New York Veteran Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,New Market, Va., May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant E. C. WATKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In obedience to the within order, I have the honor to report that I have made an investigation, and from all the information I can obtain 1 sergeant and 12 men, as named within, were captured without an alarm while asleep on their post. I attach no blame to the officer (Lieutenant E. H. Brady) in command of the picket-line. It is but just to state that these men had been on duty for three nights is succession previous to their capture. The following is a list of articles captured: 13 horses, 13 revolvers, 13 horse equipments complete, 8 carbines.

A. H. NASH,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal, Acting Inspector.

---------------

*Officially known as the First Maryland, Potomac Home Brigade.

---------------

