
The Second Virginia Cavalry is without ammunition. This fact has been reported for about two weeks, and no supplies have been obtained. In case this regiment cannot be immediately supplied with ammunition, I must report unfit for field service. The Thirty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry is fully supplied.

Equipments: These are generally in bad condition, having been exposed to the inclement weather and having been badly damaged on the march. No opportunity has been afforded to repair them or to grease them.

Horses: The horses of this brigade, having been fed almost entirely upon grass for about one month, although, presenting a good appearance, are in poor condition for active service. In my opinion, not more than two-thirds of them would stand a march of twenty miles a day.

I would here add that this bad condition of my command does not come from the neglect of the officers of this brigade, but is owing to the lack of proper supplies.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., May 31, 1864. (Received 6 p.m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

In obedience to orders, signed by Colonel Kelton, I have the honor to report the following troops on and in the vicinity of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Infantry: From the Monocacy River to Harper's Ferry, at Kearneysville and Duffied's, First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade; at Harper's Ferry, One hundred and forty-eight Ohio National Guard; at Martinsburg and from Martinsburg to North Mountain, One hundred and thirty-fifth Ohio National Guard; at Martinsburg, One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio National Guard, One hundred and sixty-first Ohio National Guard, and One hundred and fifty-second Ohio National Guard; at Paw Paw, One hundred and fifty-third Ohio National Guard; at Cumberland, One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio National Guard; at New Creek, detachment Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-third Ohio National Guard, and One hundred and fifty-fourth Ohio National Guard; at Grafton and on railroad, Sixth West Virginia Infantry; at Beverly, Tenth West Virginia Infantry; at Greenland Gap, Second Maryland Potomac Home Brigade; at Parkersburg, Eleventh West Virginia.

Cavalry: From Sleepy Creek to Harper's Ferry, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, partly dismounted; at Harper's Ferry, detachment Sixth West Virginia; at Martinsburg, detachment Fourteenth Pennsylvania; at Cumberland, Third Independent Company Ohio Volunteer Cavalry; at New Creek, Company C, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry; at Beverly, detachment Twenty-first New York, mounted, and detachment Sixth West Virginia, dismounted; at Buckhannon, Company A, First West Virginia.

Artillery: At Harper's Ferry, Fifth New York Heavy Artillery and Battery D, First Pennsylvania; at Maryland Heights, Battery

