
A, First Virginia and Seventeenth Indiana Battery; at Martinsburg, Thirty-second New York Battery; at Cumberland, Battery E, First Virginia; at New Creek, Battery L, First Illinois and Battery H, First Virginia; at Clarksburg, Battery F, First Virginia; at Beverly and Webster, Battery B, First Virginia. Battery B, First Virginia Artillery, has been ordered by the department commander to this place, one section to be prepared for the field as horse artillery, and Battery D, First Pennsylvania Artillery, at Harper's Ferry, ordered to be in readiness for active service.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION,Martinsburg, Va., May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The commander of the post on yesterday morning sent the detachment of the Fifteenth New York Cavalry, numbering about 120 men, as escort to a train of sixteen wagons with medical and subsistence stores, the latter for the battalion of the Fifth New York Artillery. To-day the detachment returned, having been attacked at Newtown in the rear by a force which took from them the train and drove our cavalry toward Middletown, until they met the One hundred and sixtieth Ohio, coming from the front as escort to a wagon train. Of the sixteen wagons, the rebels burned twelve, taking with them four loaded with subsistence stores. There are now four regiments of infantry here, Ohio National Guard, which will greatly facilitate the sending of supplies should any be needed. As I hear orders have been given by department headquarters that no subsistence stores shall be sent forward, I have taken no steps to fit out a train, but this will be done immediately on receipt of the order. The detachment now going consists of 290 Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 100 Fifteenth New York Cavalry, 150 Fourth Virginia Infantry, and 60 men Fifth New York Artillery. They escort ten wagons loaded with supplies for the Fifth New York Artillery. I will organize a movable column of infantry and cavalry to scout the country thoroughly between the Shenandoah and North Mountain and occupy Smithfield. Please inform me, if you think proper, by cipher letter, what is wanted, so that I can make the necessary arrangements.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, May 31, 1864-8 p.m.

Major MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg:

The Second Maryland Potomac Home Brigade Regiment passed here this evening for Martinsburg.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

