HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, May 31, 1864.

Colonel W. P. MAULSBY,

Commanding Post, Martinsburg:

Why do you remove your cavalry pickets from the front of Martinsburg, so they cannot connect with our pickets via Halltown? Answer immediately.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber:

S. F. ADAMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

MARTINSBURG, May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant S. F. ADAMS,

Aide-de-Camp:

Our cavalry pickets have been withdrawn and infantry substituted to enable the cavalry to do scouting and other active duty in front of the lines. There are but 108 cavalry here. Major-General Sigel thinks that 300 cavalry ought to be on duty here under a first-rate officer, and a system arranged of complete co-operation between the cavalry on the front from here to Harper's Ferry. Whatever General Weber can do to effect this will be thankfully received. If he can send 50, 100, or 200 good cavalry here, shall be most thankful. On Sunday evening a train from this to my front was attacked and captured at Newtown; wagons destroyed, supplies captured, several officers and men captured. The rebels, 200 to 400 strong, are between this and Bunker Hill, and we have no force to send after them.

WM. P. MAULSBY,

Colonel.

CUMBERLAND, May 31, 1864-10 a.m.

Colonel HIGGINS,

Green Spring:

Send Captain Hart with 100 men to Moorefield, with orders to scout that neighborhood thoroughly. Let him take a wagon and take ten days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, and depend on the country for forage and cattle. I have already sent a scout from here to Petersburg, with orders to go to mouth of Seneca and Franklin; therefore, Captain Hart will watch the country toward Brock's Gap and Wardensville.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, May 31, 1864-12 m.

Colonel WILKINSON,

New Creek:

Order a scout of twenty-five or thirty men from the company at Piedmont to go to Wilson's Mill, on the North Branch, and scout that neighborhood thoroughly. Send some one as guide, if possible;

direct them to take three days' rations.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

