
color bearers were shot down by my men. The space in front of the regiment had been completely cleared of the enemy; not one could be seen, except such as were fleeing from the field, and the men, regarding the day as our own, were cheering enthusiastically, when suddenly the dense column of the enemy that had crept up under cover of the hill-driving back the skirmishers to within twenty yards of the ground occupied by the home guards, and perhaps, a portion of my right company-made a sudden onset in overwhelming force. Our brave men after delivering one fire had not time to reload before they were upon them. The extreme right of our line of battle had just given way under a like pressure. The enemy poured over the breast-works, flanking the Sixtieth on the right, necessitating a backward movement.

At this critical juncture I recollected having seen a few moments before some of our troops in line of battle in the open field somewhat to my right, and I ordered the regiment to fall back through the woods and rally on the ridge, thus continuing the line of battle to the left. In getting back to this, thus continuing the line of battle to the left. In getting back to this position the men were exposed to a very heavy fire, and of course considerable disorder ensued. However, about 200 men were rallied on the line indicated and the enemy checked-in fact, driven entirely out of sight, beyond the original line of battle; but it was too late to retrieve the fortunes of the day, and seeing the to her troops leaving the field, and being exposed to a raking fire from a detachment of the enemy that had gained a position on a high point on the left of the road, I gave the order to retire.

I am satisfied that the men of the Sixtieth who rallied on the ridge were the last Confederate troops that left the battle-field.

In making this statement I would no be understood as reflecting on the conduct of any other portion of the army, for, so far as I know, all behaved gallantly and yielded at last only to overwhelming odds.

It affords me such pleasure to bear testimony to the good conduct of the regiment, both officers and men, during the engagement. I did not witness a single instance of cowardice. until flanked every one acted with the utmost coolness and deliberation, and all appeared confident of victory. The chief loss sustained by the regiment was on the open-field ridge, where a part of the command rallied.

The regiment mourns the loss of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Hammond, Major Jacob N. Taylor, and Captain Moses McClintic; also a number of brave non-commissioned officers and privates. They all fell at the post of duty.

The following commissioned officers were wounded: Captain R. A. Hale, Company H, severely; Captain S. S. Dews, Company C, slightly; First Lieutenant Isaac H, Larew, Company E, severely; Second Lieutenant J. D. Bell, supposed mortally; Lieutenants Austin and Bailey, Company H, slightly; Lieutenant Stevenson, Company I, slightly; Lieutenant J. C. Cabell, Company F, slightly. Captain W. A. Gilliam, Company K, is missing and is thought to be a prisoner in the hands of the enemy. Major Thomas L. Brown, post quartermaster at Dublin, acting as my volunteer aide, was severely wounded about the close of the action. It is thought he will recover. He is a gallant man, nd his conduct is worthy of emulation. Mr. Coleman Yellott, clerk to the military court for this department, came to the field with his musket, entered my regiment, and fought gallantry. He escaped unhurt.

