HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near New Market, Va., June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding First Infantry Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that hereafter your command small march with the First Brigade in front, and the regiments of each brigade arranged in proper order according to rank of commanding officers. The regiments will not take turns in leading the column, but will march in the same order habitually. A different regiment, however, will be detailed each day as a rear guard. The proper intervals will be preserved between brigades and regiments. Particular care will be taken to prevent straggling, and no men will be allowed to fall to the rear of their regiments unless by written permission of the regimental surgeon. You will hold the commanding officers of regiments strictly responsible that this order is carried out. You will send to these headquarters a list of the regiments in your command in the order in which they will be arranged in column.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Bunger's Mills, W. Va., June 1, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

SIR: I have the honor to report the number of men barefooted in my brigade as follows: Second Regiment West Virginia Cavalry, 188 men; Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Mounted Infantry, 190 men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, June 1, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg:

A squad of McNeill's men flanked our pickets at Greenland Gap, and worked their way through the mountains to the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad near Wilson's Store, a siding and stopping place for the mail trains between Swanton and Altamont, where they had concealed their horses and most of the men in the mountains near by. Their intention unquestionably was to capture and rob the trains last night. Information was telegraphed me yesterday by the roadmaster in regard to these parties. I ordered Colonel Wilkinson to dispatch Captain Faris with his company from New Creek by rail at once. He arrived there about 3 p.m., and has captured 6 of the party with 10 horses with equipments, &amp;c. I have also ordered scouts from New Creek and Greenland Gap to cut off the retreat of the balance of the party. Captain Faris is pursuing.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

