
The regiment fell back that evening with the main army to New River bridge, where the whole encamped.

On the morning of the 10th the Sixtieth was ordered to English's Bridge. My instructions were to fire the same on the approach of the enemy and defend the crossing. About 10 a. m. I received an order from Colonel McCausland, commanding our forces (General Jenkins having been wounded), to fire the bridge. I did so, and it was destroyed. About 3 p. m. I received an order to fall back in the direction of Christiansburg and effect a junction with the main body ever since.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing; it approximates closely to correctness: Killed, 20; wounded, 68; missing, 64; total, 152. The missing are coming in daily. Many of the wounded are slightly hurt and will soon be ready for duty in the field.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth Virginia Infantry.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain Henry C. Douthat, Botetourt (Virginia) Artillery, of skirmish at New River Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS BOTETOURT ARTILLERY,Narrows, May 21, 1864.

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of the 18th instant, directing me to submit at once a report of the part taken by my battery in the affair of May 10 at New River bridge, the operations subsequent thereto, &amp;c., I would state that I remained with my battery, consisting of eight pieces (two 12-pounder guns, two 6-pounder smooth-bore, two 12-pounder howitzers, and two 3-inch rifles), in position on the west bank of the river until Colonel McCausland had crossed with his forces to the east side of the river. I then received orders to cross my pieces, except the two 12-pounder guns, which I ordered to destroy.

At 7 p. m. I commenced crossing, and only having one boat was occupied until 12 o'clock that night. We were ordered into position with Bryan's and Dickenson's batteries the morning of the 10th, and awaited the approach of the enemy, who made his appearance about 10 o'clock, when we were ordered to open upon him. Some time after my ammunition was expended I was ordered off the field.

In this action I had 3 horses killed, and 1 man injured by being thrown from his horse and the limber of the gun passing over him.

I fired in all 125 rounds, and brought off all my guns.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

H. C. DOUTHAT,

Captain Botetourt Artillery.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

