
latter. This was done because he had dared to hold an office under the State government. Under these circumstances, I request, if possible with the force under your command, that you give orders for the occupation of the region of country spoken of, by such numbers of troops as may give the loyal people protection and safety for their persons and property. If Major Witcher, of the Third Regiment West Virginia Cavalry, could be placed in command it would give great satisfaction.

Very respectfully,

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

CUMBERLAND, June 2, 1864.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS,

Beverly:

Your letters of recent date, both received, giving me your views, for which I am much obliged. I think, however, for the present you had better hold your position with your command, but send strong scouts to the front and keep the country well scouted. I am much pleased with your late operations. I sent a cavalry scout to the mouth of Seneca and Franklin, also to Moorefield and Wardensville; will advise you of result. Send the cattle captured to Clarksburg and turn them over to assistant quartermaster at that post, to be sold. The news from Grant is most cheering.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Branch Office, Martinsburg, June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

COLONEL: I forward you General Crook's report* (with those of subordinate commands) of his recent operations; also letter of recommendation, asking for promotion of certain field officers of his command. As the train leaves early in the morning, I have not the time or clerical force to record or copy all the papers, and hence I send them as received. I am embarrassed in the matter of returns. To-day I as received from General Crook tri-monthly returns for the 15th May (none for 5th), of the Second Infantry Division, but, strangely enough, the general fails to send one of any date of the Second Cavalry Division, General Averell's command. By order of General Sigel, General C. had, and I presume has, control over both divisions operating together, and it was expected that both would be reported together; or at least that copy of General Averell's report would be forwarded with that of the Second Infantry Division.

On April 26, 1864, the Second Cavalry Division was organized, General Averell retained a portion of his old command, and that in addition assigned to him General Duffie's brigade, and a new regiment, and Eighth Ohio Cavalry. The regiments not assigned to him of his old command are now reported by Major-General Stahel, commanding First Cavalry Division. No return from General Averell has been received since the one for April 15. Under these circumstances

---------------

*See p.9.

---------------

