
it is impracticable to make out a tri-monthly return even approximating correctness until the Second Cavalry Division is heard from. The old report of April 15 cannot be copied, for a portion of the forces included therein are now reported by Major-General Stahel. I see no other way but to await the action of General Averell. I telegraphed to General Crook for the returns from both divisions May 29, but the telegram may not reach him. Can you assist in the matter after the proposed junction is effected? Please advise me. The monthly returns for April will or course, be sadly behind (one division heard from so far), but the may, in view of the operations of the forces, be overlooked by the Adjutant-General.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 36. Harrisonburg, Va., June 3, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Starr, Ninth Regiment West Virginia Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as acting provost-marshal-general of the Department of West Virginia, and will report to the major-general commanding for duty as judge-advocate-general of the Army of the Shenandoah.

II. Major Daniel H. Harkins, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty as acting provost-marshal-general on the staff of Major-General Stahel, and will report to the major-general commanding for duty as acting provost-marshal-general of the department.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harrisonburg, Va., June 3, 1864.

Major General JULIUS STAHEL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The command will march precisely at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, the cavalry in advance, in three columns. Two regiments of cavalry and one of infantry will form the rear guard. From perfectly reliable information we are informed that on the 15th of may the enemy were just on the point of retreating when our men commenced falling back, and considered themselves defeated until we commenced our retreat.

By command of General Hunter:

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding infantry division, and Captain H. A. Du Pont, commanding artillery brigade.)

