
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA., No. 10. White Sulphur Springs, June 3, 1864.

I. The following will be the order of march for to-morrow: The Third Brigade and Conger's battalion will move at 4 a.m. The artillery will follow the Third Brigade. The Second Brigade will follow the artillery. The First Brigade will follow the Second. If the detachments expected from Meadow Bluff have not arrived at that hour Colonel Oley will leave a picket of fifty mounted men, who will picket at the river and in the Monroe Draft. They will remain there until 9 a.m., when they will follow the command. The wagons of each brigade will move in rear of their brigade, except those of the Third Brigade, which will move in rear of the artillery. Supply train will follow the division.

II. The general commanding has observed with regret that a number of horses and equipments have been abandoned to-day, although the march has been very short. Hereafter no horse will be abandoned as long as he can stand. if a horse gives out every effort will be made by resting, grazing, and watering him to get him along. Short and easy marches will be made that this may be done. If the horse cannot get along the equipments will be taken off and the owner will put them into the wagons of his regiment and join the battalion of dismounted men. Equipments will not be abandoned. The rear guard of each brigade will be instructed to see that this order is enforced. All men armed with rifles and carbines only will be required to carry them on the shoulder on the march. They will not be allowed to carry them strapped to the saddle or slung.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, June 3, 1864.

Colonel WILKINSON,

New Creek:

I sent Lieutenant T. W. Kelley with a scout of thirty men yesterday up Patterson's Creek to Burlington; thence via Northwestern pike to Fort Pendleton, with instructions to examine all the roads and report on the state of the blockades. He had five days' rations with him. Write Godwin to furnish him rations if he goes out.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, June 3, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg:

Colonel Harris reported yesterday the return of scout from Crab Bottom, in Highland County; found no enemy. Militia had been called out in all that region and ordered to Staunton. I also received the following from him this a.m.*

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See next.

---------------

