
BEVERLY, June 3, 1864

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Scout returned from Soldier White's. All quiet. Two companies of State troops there; found very vigilant; will aid them whenever necessary.

T. M. HARRIS,

Colonel.
HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., June 4, 1864.

Colonel H. MILLER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

By direction of the general commanding the department, you will prepare at once for the field the regiment in your command best suited in your opinion for active service. The regiment will be furnished five days' rations and 150 rounds of ammunition per man. You will please send by return orderly the regiment which you select for this purpose. The necessary orders for turning over property, &amp;c., will be sent to you to-morrow.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, June 4, 1864-9 p.m.

Colonel W. H. HAYWARD,

One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard:

In compliance with orders from department headquarters, you will prepare your regiment (One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard) for the field with five days' rations and 150 rounds of ammunition per man. You will notify these headquarters with as little delay as practicable when you can be in readiness to embark for White House. The senior artillery officer at Forts Lincoln and Bunker Hill will receipt for the ordnance stores and post property at each of the above-named posts. You will direct Colonel Vodrey to detail two companies of his regiment, one to relieve the companies of the One hundred and fiftieth at Fort Saratoga and the other at Fort Thayer. The commanding officers of these companies will receipt for the post property at those posts. An assistant surgeon will be sent to-morrow to receipt for the supplies of your regimental hospital. The quartermaster of the One hundred and forty-third Ohio National Guard will relieve the quartermaster of your regiment.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

