
the cavalry already at the point with the infantry as support. Your second telegram, ordering the Ohio regiment to Washington, is at hand. Transportation will be ready for them at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning. Will it not be possible to send the One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio direct from Martinsburg to Washington, or must I countermand the order for the occupation of Halltown, and call in the cavalry from Berryville? If the Ohio regiment leaves I have no mend for their support. Please answer at once, else the order for the recall of the troops will issue.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, June 4, 1864.

General WEBER:

The One hundred and forty-eighth and One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio National Guard will both be sent to Washington. It will be necessary to abandon Halltown. The order for the One hundred and fifty-fifth has been given to Colonel Maulsby.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Harper's Ferry, June 4, 1864.

The cavalry scouting party for Charlestown from the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry to move to-night will be under the sole direction of June J. W. Kennedy. The officer commanding will act upon his advice and under his direction.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber, commanding:

[H. M. BURLEIGH,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, June 4, 1864.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

New Creek, W. Va.:

The following just received from Colonel Higgins, commanding at Green Spring:

There is a rebel force of from 200 to 300 at Mechanicsburg Gap awaiting the return of Captain Hart. I am preparing to take out all the force I have and meet them.

The general is at Oakland to-day. I have sent him a copy of the above.

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW CREEK, June 4, 1864. (Received 4.50 p.m.)

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

Received Freeman's dispatch about Mechanicsburg Gap. Send messenger to Greenland Gap instructing that two companies of infantry accompany Hart's return, all occupying Doll's Gap and sending a strong force toward Romney with one piece of artillery.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

