
General Augur, commanding Department of Washington. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General J. R. Kenly, commanding Third Separate Brigade, is charged with the execution of this order.

9. Battery D, First Maryland Light Artillery, will be put en route at once for Washington, D. C., to report to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General J. R. Kenly, commanding Third Separate Brigade, is charged with the execution of this order.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HASKIN'S DIVISION, No. 63. June 5, 1864.

1. In compliance with orders from department headquarters, the One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard will prepare for the field, with five days' rations and 150 rounds of ammunition per man. The command of the Second Brigade will be turned over to Colonel Saunders, of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard, who will relieve Colonel Miller, One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard. The following changes will be made in the Second Brigade, of this division: One-half of Company E, Second U. S. Artillery, will move from Battery Kemble to Fort Gaines; one company of One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard from Fort Sumner to Battery Vermont; one company of One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard from Fort Sumner to Fort Mansfield; two companies of One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard from Fort Sumner to Fort Simmons; six companies of One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard will remain at Fort Sumner. Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, will remain at Fort Sumner; one company of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard from Battery Vermont to Fort Bayard; five companies of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard from Fort Simmons to Fort Reno; one company of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard from Fort Bayard to Fort Kearny; two companies of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard from and seventieth Ohio National Guard from Fort Gaines to Battery Smead; Company I, Second U. S. Artillery, will remain at Battery Reno; the First New Hampshire Artillery will remain at Batteries Cameron and Parrott; one-half of Company E, Second U. S. Artillery, will remain at Battery Kemble. The quartermaster of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard will relieve the quartermaster of the One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard. The commanding officers at Forts Gaines, Mansfield, Simmons, Bayard, Reno, Kearny, De Russy, Batteries Vermont and Smead will turn over the post property at each of these posts to the officers who relieve them. The surgeon of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard will receipt to the surgeon of the One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard for hospital stores, &amp;c., at Fort ReNumbers Two field officers of the One hundred

