
and fifty-first Ohio National Guard will be stationed at Fort Sumner, and the lieutenant-colonel of the One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard at Fort Simmons. Two field officers of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard will be stationed at Fort Reno, and the lieutenant-colonel of the One hundred and seventieth at Fort De Russy. Brigade headquarters at Fort Reno.

2. In compliance with orders from department headquarters, the One hundred and forty-third Ohio National Guard will be prepared for the field, with five days' rations and 150 rounds of ammunition pre man, as soon as practicable. The commanding officer of the regiment will notify these headquarters when it can be in readiness to embark for White House. If the regiment is not furnished with shelter-tents, and camp and garrison equipage, requisitions for the same will be sent in at once.

3. The order issued to the One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard yesterday to prepare for the field is hereby revoked.

4. The following disposition will be made of the One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard as soon as the one hundred and forty-third Ohio National Guard is ready for the field: Two companies at Fort Lincoln, one company at Fort Thayer, one company at Fort Saratoga, one company at Fort Bunker Hill, one company at Fort Slemmer, two companies at Fort Totten, one company at Fort Slocum, and one company at Fort Stevens. The four light batteries (dismounted) will remain at the posts where they are now stationed, and the commanding officers of same will receipt for the post property at their respective posts. The commanding officers assigned to the other four posts will receipt for the property at their respective posts. Colonel Hayward will direct one of the assistant surgeons of the One Hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard to receipt for the hospital supplies of the One hundred and forty-third Ohio National Guard.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., June 5, 1864.

Colonel H. MILLER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

In compliance with orders from department headquarters, you will prepare the One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard for the field as soon as practicable, with five days' rations and 150 rounds of ammunition per man, and notify these headquarters when you will be in readiness to embark for White House. You will accompany the regiment, and before leaving will turn over the command of the brigade to Colonel Saunders, of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-An order for the disposition of forces in your brigade will be sent out this morning.

