HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Falls Church, Va., June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report everything quiet in this vicinity during the last twenty-four hours. Major Forbes returned with his mounted party from Middleburg and Rector's Cross-Roads last night, bringing five rebel hostages (Hamilton Rogers, Dr. Powell, Gurley R. Hatcher, Noland and Hooper). This party did not see a single guerrilla. The dismounted party which acted with it met a squad of five rebels and wounded two of them, but they got off. This party has not yet returned; it was to bring in more hostages from above Dranesville. The regular scouting party which was relieved this p.m. brought in Fenton Beavers and the two Gunnells, of Mosby's command, who have been making themselves very obnoxious recently as horse-thieves. Beavers is the same man who feigned desertion from Mosby some two months ago, and, after taking the amnesty oath and spying about Alexandria and Vienna, returned to the enemy. These three men, with two Bowies from Maryland and a man named Campbell, are the party which, under orders from Mosby, seized Walters and Dr. Lloyd. I think that these gentlemen will both be back within a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, Jr.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Cav. Brigadier

COLD HARBOR, VA., June 5, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The object of the cavalry expedition to Charlottesville and Gordonsville is to effectually break up the railroad connection between Richmond and the Shenandoah Valley and Lynchburg. To secure this end they should go as far as Charlottesville, and work upon the Lynchburg branch and main line to Staunton for several miles beyond the junction. This done they could work back this way to where the road is already destroyed, or until driven off by a superior force. It is desirable that every rail on the road destroyed should be so bent or twisted as to make it impossible to repair the road without supplying new rails. After the work is accomplished, herein directed, the cavalry will rejoin the main army, keeping north of the Pamunkey until the position of the army is known to them. It may be found necessary to keep on the north side as far down as West Point. Instructions will be sent to General Hunter by the cavalry expedition. He will be required to join his force to General Sheridan's and return with him to the Army of the Potomac. If it is practicable, whilst the cavalry is at the most westerly point reached by it, to detach a brigade or more to go over to the James River and destroy the canal, it will be a service well repaying for three or four days' detention.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

38 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

