
The signal party commanded by Lieutenant Muhleman will join the squadron at your headquarters without delay. During the inability of Major-General Stahel from the wound received in to-day's battle to command the Cavalry Division, all the cavalry and infantry forces of this army will be commanded by Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan.

All this commanded by General Hunter, commanding department:

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1864-11.20 a.m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

You will not send at present the remaining one of the five regiments of Ohio militia ordered to report to Major-General Augur.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 5, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Harper's Ferry:

Please state by what authority a Mr. Fillebrown has been specially authorized to trade with Loudoun County people; and also by what authority the provost-marshals at Berlin and Point of Rocks are empowered to permit $15 worth of provisions across the river to each loyal family wanting supplies. This had been prohibited for the present by the War Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, June 5, 1864.

Captain J. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General, War Department:

When I took command of this post I found markets already established at Berlin and Point of Rocks, with permission granted for the people bringing produce to buy $15 worth of necessaries. I modified the order so that once in a week each loyal person, well vouched for, and bringing to our lines supplies, could purchase $10 worth of necessaries, swearing that they were for family use. Mr. Fillebrown has permission from General Sigel to buy grain from the people of Loudoun County, but none to trade in good, save under the marketing order above mentioned.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, June 5, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg:

A colored man who started from Berryville last night, for the purpose of bringing information, has just arrived. He states that he

