
move to the front. There seems to be a misapprehensions upon this point. You have not yet received the order to move, and until you do, the command of the brigade remains with you. Please notify Colonels Marble and Saunders that you are still in command of the brigade, and when you receive orders to move the proper assignment will be made. Their roster at this office shows the same date of muster-in, May 13. If there is any mistake in the roster, have it corrected at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLD HARBOR, VA., June 6, 1864.

Major General D. HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: General Sheridan leaves here to-morrow morning with instructions to proceed to Charlottesville, Va., and to commence there the destruction of the Virginia Central Railroad, destroying this way as much as possible. The complete destruction of this road and of the canal on James River is of great importance to us. According to the instructions I sent to General Halleck for your guidance, you were to proceed to Lynchburg and commence there. It would be of great value to us to get possession of Lynchburg for a single day; but that point is of so much importance to the enemy that in attempting to get it such resistance may be met as to defeat your getting into the road or canal at all. I see in looking over the letter to General Halleck on the subject of your instructions that it rather indicates that your route should be from Staunton via Charlottesville. If you have so understood it you will be doing just what I want. The direction I would now give is, that if this letter reaches you in the Valley between Staunton and Lynchburg, you immediately turn east by the most practicable road until you strike the Lynchburg branch of the Virginia Central road. From there move eastward along the line of the road, destroying it completely and thoroughly until you join General Sheridan. After the work laid out for General Sheridan and yourself is thoroughly done, proceed to join the Army of the Potomac by the route laid out in General Sheridan's instructions. If any portion of your force, especially your cavalry, is needed back in your department you are authorized to send it back. If on receipt of this you should be near to Lynchburg, and deem it practicable to reach that point, you will exercise your judgment about going there. If you should be on the railroad between Charlottesville and Lynchburg, it may be practicable to detach a cavalry force to destroy the canal. Lose no opportunity to destroy the canal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

COLD HARBOR, VA., June 6, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

An expedition under General Hunter is now on its way up the Shenandoah Valley, and a large cavalry force will leave here to-morrow

