
under General Sheridan to join him, for the purpose of utterly destroying the enemy's lines of communication on the north side of James River. When this is done it is my intention to transfer all the force now with me to the south side. To do this I may be compelled to go to the mouth of the Chickahominy. I now send Colonel Comstock, of my staff, to you to see what preparations are necessary to secure the rapid crossing of the river, and to learn if your position will be secure during the time the enemy would necessarily be able to spare a large force to operate with against you before re-enforcements could reach you. Colonel Comstock will explain to you fully the situation here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, No. 13. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, June 6, 1864.

The following will be the order of march for to-morrow: Third Brigade at 4 a.m. Artillery will follow Third Brigade. Second Brigade will follow artillery. First Brigade will follow Second Brigade. Division, brigade, and regimental trains and supply train will follow the mounted command. Major Conger's battalion will follow the train. General Duffie will promulgate this order.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, June 6, 1864.

Colonel HARDIE,

Inspector-General, War Department:

There are loyal men, well known as such, living within two or three miles of our lines, many of whom have been of much benefit to the camp; have sold wheat and corn to the Government, and desire to communicate in person with Baltimore in relation to such sales. Can the existing orders be modified so as to allow the general commanding at this post discretionary power to pass to a limited extend such parties to Baltimore and back? I think the Government would gain much in many instances by granting such licenses. We rely upon these men for information of movements in the Valley, and they have always been found reliable. These men are within the State limits of West Virginia, and claim that they should have the privileges extended to loyal citizens of other States. Can you inform me whether or no the market regulations now in existence at this post have the approbation of the Department?

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

