
then returned to Meadow Bluff for supplies, where he was joined by Brigadier-General Averell with the cavalry that had been previously detached and sent in the direction of Wytheville, at which place they encountered the enemy.

May 21.- Major-General Hunter, having arrived at Martinsburg, in obedience to orders from the war Department, assumed command of the department, relieving Major-General Sigel, who was assigned to the command of the troops along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, comprising the Reserve Division.

May 26.- Major-General Hunter, having joined the troops at Cedar Creek and completed his preparations, moved up the Valley.

May 30.- The troops with Brigadier-General Crook at Meadow Bluff, having been supplied, moved from that place toward Staunton, VA.

Second Separate Brigade, commanded by Colonel Nathan Wilkinson, Sixth West Virginia Infantry.

SIXTH WEST VIRGINIA INFANTRY.

May 1.- Companies A and G arrived at new Creek by rail from Clarksburg, a distance of 100 miles.

May 25.- Company L, detachments at Great Cacapon and Rockwell's Run were relieved by the One hundred and fifty-third Ohio National Guards and order to Rowlesburg for duty; 121 miles. company I, detachments at Little Cacapon and South Branch were relieved by the One hundred and fifty-third Ohio National Guards and ordered to proceed to Fort Pendleton, Md., about twelve miles off the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Oakland, Md., distant about seventy-six miles from the other stations.

May 26.- Company K, detachments stationed at Sir John's Run and Alpine Station, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, were relieved by the One hundred and fifty-third Ohio Railroad Guards and moved thence by rail to New Creek, about seventy-one miles; twelve men of the company stationed at Youghiogheny bridge, near Oakland, Md.

May 27.- Company B moved by rail from Paw Paw, W. Va., and Numbers 12 Water Station, to Clarksburg, about 150 miles, having been relieved by the One hundred and fifty-third Ohio National Guards.

May 28.- Fourteen men of Company O were ordered to relieve the detachment of Company K stationed at Youghioheny bridge; squad of Company K to join company at New Creek, W. Va.

May 31.- Company K ordered to move by rail from New Creek to Altamont, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, a distance of twenty-two miles. Company D, detachments in five block-house near Bridgeport, Clarksburg, and Cherry Camp, on the Northwestern Virginia Railroad; headquarters at Clarksburg. Company H, detachment in eleven block-house situated near Cornwallis, Toll-Gate, West Union, and Smithton, on the Northwestern Virginia Railroad; headquarters at Cornwalis. Company E at Cumberland; Company F at Rowlesburg, Company N at Grafton, and Company P at Wheeling, W. Va., guarding the military prison.

TENTH WEST VIRGINIA INFANTRY.

The regiment has been very actively engaged in scouting through the counties of Randolph, Tucker, Pocahontas, Greenbrier, Braxton, Highland, Pendleton, and Webster, W. Va.; in now in an efficient condition for service.

