
The loss of Bryan's battery in this engagement was 2 privates killed and 3 wounded; 3 horses killed and 3 wounded.

Captain T. A. Bryan, who was commanding all the artillery engaged, had a horse killed under him, and was disabled by the fall.

I am, major, respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. FOWLKES,

Lieutenant, Commanding Bryan's Battery.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of Western Virginia.

Numbers 27. Report of Captain Crispin Dickenson, Ringgold (Virginia) Battery, of engagement of Cloyd's Mountain, and skirmish at New River Bridge.

CAMP OF RINGGOLD BATTERY,

Gast Mill, near Salem, Va., May 20, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from the colonel commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the action of the 9th instant at Cloyd's farm, five miles north of Dublin Depot, and its subsequent operations:

The first section, composed of two 12-pounder Napoleon guns-the first in charge of Lieutenant William P. Robinson, the second in charge of Lieutenant A. B. White-was placed in position on the right of the road leading from Dublin to Pearisburg, and near it, and 1,200 or 1,500 yards from the foot of Cloyd's Mountain, commanding said road for that distance. The second section, composed of one 3-inch rifled gun (iron) and one 12-pounder Napoleon, was put in position as follows: The rifled gun on a line with the two former, and immediately between the guns of the second section of Captain Bryan's battery, and to the left of the above-named road. The fourth gun was put in position on the extreme right of our line of artillery, and between 300 and 400 yards to its front, and on a line with our infantry. This gun, from its peculiar location, was necessarily exposed to both the infantry and artillery fire of the enemy from the commencement of the fight, and had no way of retiring except by a small road running through the woods for 300 yards parallel to our line of infantry, and not more than forty yards from it at any point. The rifled gun was under my own supervision, and the fourth, or 12-pounder Napoleon, in charge of Lieutenant A. W. Hoge, my company numbering about 130 men present for duty. Twenty-nine muskets were placed in the hands of a like number of men, in charge of Lieutenant William H. Lipscomb, who took position on a line with the fourth gun and to its left.

The artillery fire commenced about 9 a. m., none of my guns participating in the fire except those of the second section, which only fired an occasional shot, their position being in plain view of the enemy as they advanced down the mountain.

About 10 o'clock our infantry on the right became engaged, and in fifteen or twenty minutes commenced giving way, when one gun of the first section was ordered to the right for their relief. Lieutenant William P. Robinson was in charge of the gun, and moved as rapidly as possible, and took position in an open field, about seventy-five yards in rear of our line of infantry, and fired as rapidly as possible seven spherical case-shot into the ranks of the enemy, who were advancing through the woods. The gun then ceased firing for

