
Nothing recently from Steele. I inclose a list* of the troops forwarded from this department to the Army of the Potomac since the campaign opened- 48,265 men. I shall send you a few regiments more, when all resources will be exhausted till another draft is made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV, 22nd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 65. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Washington, June 7, 1864.

1. By direction of the major- general commanding, the One hundred and forty- third Ohio National Guard, Colonel W. H. Vodrey, will proceed to the Sixth- street wharf in time to embark on steamer for the White House at 6 a. m. to- morrow morning. The general directs that this regiment be promptly at the wharf, so as not to keep the steamer waiting.

2. By direction of the major- general commanding, the One hundred and sixty- third Ohio National Guard, Colonel H. Miler, will proceed to the Sixth- street wharf in time to embark on the steamer for the White House at 12 noon to- morrow. The general directs that the regiment be promptly at the wharf, so as not to detain the steamer.

3. On the departure of the One hundred and sixty- third Ohio National Guard, Colonel Miller will turn over the command of the brigade to Colonel Marble, of the One hundred and fifty- first Ohio National Guard, who will take post at Fort Reno.

4. Colonel Marble, on taking command of the brigade, will make the following changes in the dispositions of the regiments; The One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard will garrison the forts assigned to the One hundred and fifty- first Ohio National Guard in Special Orders, Numbers 63, of June 5, 1864, from the se headquarters, and the One hundred and fifty- first Ohio National Guard will occupy the posts assigned by the same order to the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard. He will direct these changes executed as soon as possible.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 111. Staunton, June 7, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. The Twenty- eighth Ohio Infantry, Colonel A. Moor, is relieved from all duty with this command, and will at once report at these headquarters for the performance of the duty to which they have been assigned.

* * * * * * *

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVI, Part III, P. 665.

---------------

