
14. All detachments of cavalry now serving with the troops under Major- General Stahel belonging to regiments in the command of Brigadier- General Averell will immediately report to their regimental commanders for duty.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General D. Hunter;

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 14. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, June 7, 1864.

The following will be the order of march to- morrow: The Second Brigade will move at 4 a. m. Artillery will follow the Second Brigade. The First Brigade will follow the artillery. The Third Brigade will follow the First. T	he division, brigade, and regimental trains and supply train will follow the mounted command. Major Conger's battalion will follow the train. The foraging company of each brigade will report with the brigade quartermaster and commissary to Captain Brown, assistant quartermaster, at the head of the trains each morning. Hereafter, each brigade commander on starting will leave a staff officer to see that his brigade is put properly en route. All men found straggling from the column or from camp will be dismounted and their horses turned over to dismounted men of the same regiment.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

CUMBERLAND, June 7, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Martinsburg:

Captain Hart, commanding a detachment of the Ringgold Cavalry, Twenty- second Pennsylvania, had a severe skirmish with McNeill and Harness near Moorefield yesterday. Captain Hart lost 4 men killed and 6 wounded, but drove the enemy to the mountains.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

MARTINSBURG, June 7, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Harper's Ferry:

The commanding general desires you to instruct the colonel of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry to make a requisition at one for all his dismounted [men] in the department and to forward the same.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

