HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., June 8, 1864.

Colonel MARBLE,

Commanding Second Brigade.

As soon as the disposition of troops in your brigade is made in pursuance of orders heretofore sent, you will send to these headquarters a statement showing the companies which garrison each fort, and the names of the commanding officers at each post. Colonel Haskin suggests that you appoint Second Lieutenant F. G. Wentworth, First Company Heavy Artillery, New Hampshire Volunteers, acting assistant inspector- general of your brigade, he being a suitable officer for the purpose. Colonel Haskin also recommends you t detail First Lieutenant George A. Wainwright, First Company heavy Artillery New Hampshire Volunteers, as your brigade quartermaster. This officer has a thorough knowledge of the business and considerable experience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

STAUNTON, VA., June 8, 1864- 6 a. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m. 12th)

ADJUTANT- GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

We met the enemy at Piedmont last Sunday, the 5th instant, killing William E. Jones, their commanding general, and totally routing them after a battle of ten hours' duration. We have captured 1,500 prisoners altogether; 1,000 men and over 60 officers on the field of battle; also 3,000 stand of arms, 3 pieces of artillery, and a vast quantity of stores. We have to- day effected a junction with Generals Crook and Averell, and will move south immediately to perform our work.

D. HUNTER,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Staunton, June 8, 1864.

Colonel A. MOOR,

28th Ohio Infty., Commanding 1st Brigadier, Army of the Shenandoah:

COLONEL: In taking leave of you on the expiration of the term of your regiment, the major- general commanding desires to express to you his high appreciation of your soldierly qualities and services, and his regret at losing you from this command. The masterly management of your brigade at the recent battle of Piedmont, on the 5th instant, did no more than sustain the creditable character given of you by your former commanders. The major- general commanding trusts that the service may not permanently lose so good an officer at a time so critical, and to this end has written a letter to the honorable the Secretary of War,of which I transmit a certified copy herewith.

I am, colonel, with very sincere respect, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant- General.

