
ere this, but had no means of conveyance that I thought desirable to use. My facilities for conveying information to you are not good, having no horses subject to order, except such as are in daily use in supplying command with subsistence. The reports are frequently brought to these headquarters that armed organized forces are in this vicinity 300 or 400 strong. These reports are presented here by men whose names are given, and as Union men upon whom I can rely. I, however, have estimated them at what I considered them worth, taking the necessary precaution to prevent surprise. This morning I have information to the effect that three or four companies of rebels, of Clawhammer's [V. A. Witcher's] command, were assembling in the vicinity of Beach Fork for the purpose of making a dash on Guyandotte. This is probably a sensational report, as usual, yet the citizens of Guyandotte and surrounding country tend to be Union men, and those who live in the vicinity of these rebel organizations, say their plan of attack is to try Guyandotte, drawing off some of the force from this point, and then surprise this point.

I do not put much confidence in any of these reports, and yet, being in a neighborhood where the enemy has been troublesome, I deem it proper to keep a very close and rigid watch. I think it important that we have an understanding as to a plan of operation, and that we thoroughly scout these neighborhoods reported to be full of these murderers, who lurk around in the bushes seeking the lives of our men. I therefore request that you call at my headquarters in Barboursville as soon as you can make it convenient. My attention is necessary at Guyandotte to- day, or I would have proposed to have met you at Mud Bridge. Colonel Brown informed me that it was not safe to travel through this country alone, and not having anything but infantry, and they having so much duty to perform since we landed here, I could not use them for that purpose. I desire, however, inasmuch as we are to co- operate, that we have an interview, and will feel much obliged to you if you will call at these headquarters as soon as your business will permit.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

A. D. JAYNES,

Colonel, Commanding 141st Regiment Ohio National Guard.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH WEST VIRGINIA CAVALRY,Camp near Bolivar, June 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. W. THOMPSON,

Commanding Sixth West Virginia Cavalry:

SIR: I have the honor to report that agreeably to orders I started yesterday at 3 a. m. in command of 83 select men, of whom 38 were from the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, 25 from Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and 20 from First New York Veterans. I adopted the following order of march: First. F. A. Warthen, Company D, or your regiment, dressed in full Confederate uniform, as scout, followed by an advance of eight men familiar with the country. Second. The detachment in the order in which I have stated them. Third. Rear guard of one corporal and three men. I proceeded up the Berryville turnpike road, avoiding Charlestown by passing around to the left, then following the turnpike for about twelve miles. From this place, finding myself ahead of tim e, I turned my

