
command off the turnpike by a road leading to the Martinsburg turnpike road for about one- half mile, where I rested for about two hours. I then resumed the march to the point indicated on map furnished me by Colonel Pierce, where, turning to the left, I followed a country road, which soon took me to the houses of Mr. Castleman and his near neighbor, Mr. De Rue, whose houses I approached unobserved and promptly surrounded at 11 a. m. The information relative to the wedding to come off at Mr. De Rue's was incorrect. The young lady whom report made the bride of the occasion had gone to the blacksmith's shop at Myerstown, riding, as I was credibly informed, "an old black horse for the purpose of getting him shod to visit this place to- day," and from the uncomely appearance of her parents, the buildings, and their surroundings, I think Miss Castleman will never be the bride of a Confederate officer connected with the proud Early family, until their pride shall have been subdued by te whipping which awaits them and all other Southern traitors. Feeling somewhat foiled, and desiring to accomplish some good before I returned, I concluded to advance to Snicker's Ferry, five miles beyond, where I learned that a small party had crossed the evening before en route for Lee's army. I returned by an obscure road, using all the skill I could command in ferreting out rebel hiding places, frequently stopping my command to make excursions to the flanks with my scouts and advance party. When within two miles of Kabletown, I succeeded in capturing 2 rebel soldiers at the house of Henry Castleman, respectively of the names of William Gibson and G. E. Cordell, Company B, Twelfth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry. I also captured 2 serviceable horses and equipments, which I shall turn over for the use of the cavalry service to some officer competent to receipt for the same. These young men are intelligent; were enlisted at Charlestown, and are connected with prominent rebel families of that place. During the day I made diligent inquiry of the strength and position of Mosby's command. I was not able to get very definite information, but from all I heard I am disposed to think he is in the vicinity of Berry's Ferry with about eighty men, and would respectfully suggest that by sending a party, say, of 100 men, properly officered, directly up the Shenandoah to some point beyond Berry's Ferry, and another similar party to the right of the Winchester railroad, equally as high up the Valley, the two parties, by the use of scouts and conjoint action ought to, as they return, capture Mosby and the greater part of his command. I fear our scouting parties are too much in the habit of following the public roads and going to villages instead of selecting the most obscure routes and camping concealed in groves. I would suggest that scouts be instructed to obtain information from children and servants instead of adult white members of families.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SHUTTLEWORTH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY'S DIVISION,

Arlington, Va., June 9, 1864.

In view of the possibility of demonstrations on the part of the rebel cavalry, having for their object a diversion in front of the lines defending the capital, and perhaps contemplating an attack,

