
with the hope of surprise, it becomes the duty of all officers, especially of the post commanders, to resort to unusual vigilance to prevent the success of the enemy in any such endeavor. The picket will, therefore, be required to perform their duties most strictly. One company of infantry will bivouac in each of the forts at night, except such as are garrisoned by one company only, and in these the guards will be strengthened. The gates will habitually be kept closed after retreat and all other precautions taken. Among these the garrisons will be required to be under arms and in their forts at 3 a. m., the artillery at the guns, and they will so remain until sunrise, when the sentinels on the parapets can overlook and clearly see the country in front of them. In case of an alarm, there must be no confusion, each company, or portion of company, should have its station designated and understood before night- fall. The limbers of light artillery pieces in the forts will at once be filled, and at least four extra rounds of canister per gun for the light guns will be placed on hand. The equipments for the guns and will be required to return to the se stations in case of alarm at night. The supernumeraries will defend the approaches with musketry, taking position on the banquettes between the guns.

By command of Brigadier- General De Russy:

THOS. THOMPSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Staunton, Va., June 9, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that in consequence of a wound received while gallantly leading his division, in the recent battle of the 5th instant, at Piedmont, I have relieved Major General Julius Stahel from service with forces in the field, and have ordered him to Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry for the purpose of collecting and organizing all troops that can be spared from the defense of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and returning to this army in charge of the important train about which I have had the honor to telegraph to you in cipher. I beg that if you can aid General Stahel to collect the detachments belonging to this command from the Dismounted Camp, in Pleasant Valley, Md., you will do so; and that you will be kind enough to forward his views under the instructions he has received. It is but justice to Major- General Stahel to state that in the recent engagement he displayed excellent qualities of coolness and gallantry, and that for the final happy result the country is much indebted to his services. I part with General Stahel with regret, and trust most respectfully that there will be no delay in forwarding the train with which, and the troops collected at Martinsburg, Harper's Ferry, from the Kanawha and Pleasant Valley (if possible), he is to return.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

D. HUNTER,

Major- General.

