
STAUNTON, VA., June 9, 1864- 6 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m. 12th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Asst. Manager U. S. Military Telegraph, Washington, D. C.:

A train is expected with ordnance soon. Could you not give the general something official from Grant and Sherman in cipher! He requests that you send him news whenever it is practicable. Stahel was slightly wounded, and Sullivan had three horses shot under him at the battle of Piedmont. Our infantry is now engaged in burning ties and bending rails east and west. All Government and railroad buildings have been burned at Staunton. We leave to- morrow.

R. R. McCAINE,

Cipher Clerk.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA. Numbers 112. Staunton, Va., June 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

13. The Fifty- fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, Colonel J. M. Campbell, is hereby transferred from the First to the Second Infantry Division of this department. Colonel Campbell will at once report to Brigadier General George Crook, commanding Second Infantry Division, for instructions and orders, and will be placed in command of one of the brigades.

* * * * * * *

18. Brigadier- General Duffie, commanding brigade, Second Cavalry Division, is relieved from duty with that division, and will report for duty to Major- General Stahel, commanding First Cavalry Division.

* * * * * * *

20. Brigadier- General Duffie is hereby assigned to the command of the First Cavalry Division, and will immediately proceed to reorganize his division with a view to the most complete efficiency. He will report for dismissal, subject to the approval of His Excellency President, any officer or officers whom he may find to be derelict or incompetent for their positions.

21. In consequence of a wound, received while gallantly leading his division in the recent battle of Piedmont, Major General Julius Stahel, commanding First Cavalry Division, is relieved from duty with the army in the field, and will immediately proceed to Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry, where he will at once devote himself to the important duty of collecting together and organizing all the troops that can be spared from the defense of the baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and all detachments of regimentals serving with this command, together with convalescents, and mounted men from the Dismounted Camp. With the forces thus collected and organized, General Stahel will assume command of the important train to be sent after this command, and will with all discreet speed rejoin this command. He will also see that Keeper's battery, First Virginia Artillery, is horse, completely equipped, and sent forward with his forces, and will draw all troops that can be possibly spared from the Kanawha Valley, with the exception of the 100- days' militia there on duty. All commanding officers of the department will see that every facility is furnished

