
to Major- General Stahel for the execution of the important duties herein confided to him, and will promptly fill all requisitions which in his judgment may be necessary for the success of his operations. In temporarily parting with General Stahel, the major- general commanding desires to express his appreciation of the faithful, zealous, and gallant services of this officer, and to express the hope that when he rejoins this command he will have entirely recovered from the injuries received in t recent battle.

* * * * * * *

23. The chief of artillery will detail one section of a battery to report to Brigadier General A. N. Duffie, commanding First Cavalry Division, at 3 a. m. to- morrow, for special service at General Stahel's HEADQUARTERS.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major- General Hunter:

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant- General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Staunton, Va., June 9, 1864.

This army will resume its march as follows: General Sullivan's division will move to- morrow morning at 7 a. m. southward via Greenville to Midway with the Artillery Brigade, followed by its ambulance and supply trains. General Crook's division will move at the same hour via Middlebrook to Brownsburg, accompanied by its artillery and followed by its ambulance and supply trains. The First Cavalry Division, with its train, will move to- morrow morning at 3.30 a. m. via Waynesborough toward Tye River Gap, after menacing eh enemy's position at Waynesborough. The Second Cavalry Division for the advance of Crook's column. Division commanders will communicate to the commanders of the columns right and left of them and to general headquarters any important information obtained during the march, and also the position taken at night.

General headquarters will march with First Infantry Division, Brigadier- General Sullivan. The First Cavalry Division will send scouts to penetrate, if possible, to the charlottesville and Lynchburg railroad from time to time, for the purpose of destroying the telegraph upon the road, of obtaining information of the enemy's movements and strength, and of destroying any railroad will furnish one regiment as a rear guard. Each division commander will detail one company from each brigade to collect supplies for the troops. The supplies thus obtained will be placed in the wagons in rear of the division and distributed by the quartermasters and commissaries on their arrival in camp. No other troops, except those especially detailed, will be permitted to forage, and all straggling for that or other purposes will be punished in the severest manner. Regimental and

