
seen a very strong line of vedettes on this side of the town, 200 yards in advance of it; the enemy throwing up intrenchments of some light strength on the opposite side of town. He states that the country is very rough and the creek thinly wooded on each side where the pickets are being placed. I fear they will be very much exposed, and we will lose them by detail. Would it not be better to withdraw the picket one mile this side of the creek and patrol to it.!

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

STAUNTON, VA., June 9, 1864- 6 a. m.

(Received 10.40 a. m. 12th)

Major. General F. SIGEL:

It is all important that half the ammunition required by Lieutenant Field, my ordnance officer, be sent forward immediately under a very strong escort of infantry and cavalry. The other half to remain at Harper's Ferry, subject to my order.

D. HUNTER,

Major- General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, June 9, 1864- 9 a. m.

Captain MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Martinsburg:

Have you any news from Staunton! All quiet and right up here.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 9, 1864- 4.30 p. m.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Detachments of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and the First West Virginia Cavalry have been sent to Harper's Ferry, to be mounted and sent to their regiments.

J. C. KELTON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant- General.

POINT OF ROCKS, June 9, 1864.

Captain H. M . BURLEIGH, Assistant Adjutant- General:

I have received reliable intelligence that a gang of horse- thieves and guerrillas, numbering about forty men, was at Waterford, Va., this morning. The gang is reported to have gone in the direction of Hillsborough. I propose to proceed immediately to Wheatland with my command, to arrive there at 4 p. m. If you send a detachment of your cavalry to join me I will meet them at Wheatland. Answer.

DANIEL. M. KEYES,

Captain Independent Rangers.

