
Brigade, in relation to seizure of horses for the purpose of mounting a company of infantry, and requesting authority to do so. I would respectfully state that the country between the Potomac River and railroad in the neighborhood of the Monocacy is infested by bands of guerrillas, not strong enough to fight, but numerous enough to commit al kinds of depredations, such as breaking into toll- houses, stealing horses, &amp;c. Since all the cavalry heretofore patrolling that section of country has been ordered to the front, and I have no other cavalry in my command, the prevention of the wrongs and depredations stated is impossible without a mounted force of some kind, and the only means of accomplishing it is by the impressment of sufficient number of horses to mount a company of infantry, but I am unwilling to take such a step without referring the matter to you for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major- General, Commanding.

TWO MILES FROM TYE RIVER GAP, VA.,

June 10, 1864.

Lieutenant- Colonel HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: I made a demonstration with one regiment on Waynesborough. The found the enemy's pickets on the road, seven miles from the town. They succeeded in driving them back and in compelling them to retire toward the town. Jackson, with his cavalry, went from Midway to Waynesborough, passing about an hour before my column crossed the road. Jackson followed the regiment which I sent to make the demonstration at a respectful distance with cavalry. The gap on the Howardsville turnpike is reported to be held by the enemy. I occupy Tye River Gap. The road over the mountain is very steep and rocky and difficult for a train. The loss of the regiment engaged at Waynesborough was 3 men and several horses wounded. We captured 1 of the enemy. The distance from here to Midway, via Tye River Gap, is reported as twenty- two miles. The enemy occupy Waynesborough with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, estimated at 7,000 or 9,000.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

June 10, 1864.

This army will move to- morrow morning as follows: The First Infantry Division, General Sullivan, will move at 4 a. m. by the direct road from Midway to Lexington. General headquarters will accompany this division, and the general supply train will follow it. The second Infantry Division, General Crook, will move at the same hour by the direct road from Brownsburg t Lexington. The First Cavalry Division, Brigadier- General Duffie, will move at 4 a. m. from its present position near Tye River Gap, by the parallel road nearest to the main road, halting for the night at Buena Vista Furnace, on the Lexington and White's Gap road. The Second Cavalry

