
Division, Brigadier- General Averell, will move at 4 a. m. from its position on Walker's Creek by the nearest road leading parallel to the column of General Crook, and halt at night to the right and in the vicinity of Lexington. Division commanders will keep their troops always closed up and ready for immediate action. They will promptly report to general headquarters, and to the commanders next to them any important information concerning the enemy. The sounds of cannon indicating the engagement of either of the columns of infantry will be the signal for the prompt concentration of the whole army upon the force thus engage.

By command of Major- General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 16. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Staunton, June 10, 1864.

I. Brigadier- General Duffie having been transferred to the First Cavalry Division, the following organization of brigades will take place forthwith:

First Brigade, Colonel Schoonmaker; Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Eighth Ohio Cavalry.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. H. Oley; Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, Thirty- fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, detachments Fifth and Third West Virginia Cavalry.

II. The following officers are announced as assigned to staff duties at these headquarters: Captain H. N. Harrison, aide-de-camp; Captain J. A. Crawford, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, provost- marshal; Lieutenant F. A. Austin, Thirty- fourth Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry, acting aide-de-camp. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

III. The foraging parties in this division will report forthwith, for instructions, to Lieutenant Colonel A. Scott, Fifth West Virginia Cavalry, and will be under his orders. Colonel Scott will have control allowed by unauthorized persons, and that al stragglers are arrested and sent for punishment to their brigade commanders.

IV. The brigade commanders will direct each regiment to send one good wagon to Captain Brown, assistant quartermaster, for transportation of ammunition.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., June 10, 1864.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Martinsburg:

Your order has been received to send a detachment of 150 cavalry to Smithfield to- morrow. Information has been received that Gilmor intends to attack the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to- night

