
Numbers 28. Reports of Colonel William H. French, Seventeenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade, of operations May 6-16.
HEADQUARTERS,Narrows New River, Monday Morning, May 10, 1864.

GENERAL: Colonel W. L. Jackson arrived here last night at 12 o'clock. His command was 1,000 strong, not yet arrived, one company of which, mounted, will arrive here this morning; the remainder of this force, unmounted, will arrive this evening and to-morrow. He has two pieces of artillery, one rifled piece, which will arrive this evening. The other (howitzer) will arrive to-morrow. Your orders for defense of this place have been obeyed. No force yet heard of moving directly on this point. The enemy is reported 500 or 600 strong at Lewisburg, and a force also at Meadow Bluff. I have had no intelligence from you since Sunday night. Courier left here to return to you yesterday morning. Lieutenant Craig, of the Seventeenth, who was been closely watching the enemy's movements in the direction of Dublin, sent me information last night that the enemy's train had passed the top of Cloyd's Mountain, and established a picket on the eastern slope of the mountain near the top. Lieutenant Craig will continue close on the enemy, and report to me their movements. Colonel Jackson's horses, being poor and tired, were left in Monroe County. Keep me posted as to what I shall do. I think it safest to send my courier across the river at Brown's Ferry and up the other side, to recross at Major Kent's.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Brigade.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS.

The above is a copy sent by courier, Farley, up New River, and for fear he may be cut off, I send this via Blacksburg to New River bridge. I have had no intelligence from you since the 8th, 6 p. m.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel Jackson says that the enemy in Greenbrier were not advancing yesterday. Only 500 at Lewisburg.
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Narrows, May 16, 1864.

COLONEL: The latest information received of the enemy was by dispatch from Major Eakle to-day, which was forwarded to General W. E. Jones at Dublin with request that he would send it forward to you. Major Eakle reports that the enemy encamped last night at Oliver Brian's place, two miles beyond Union. I have ordered a detachment of the Sixteenth Regiment, Jenkins' brigade, to co-operate with Major Eakle in Monroe in watching the enemy. The detachment left here this evening under Lieutenant-Colonel Graham, and numbers 150 men.

