
Smithfield, with the intention to make a raid to- night upon the baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The general commanding directs that if you have issued orders to send a detachment of cavalry to Kabletown, revoke them, and send Colonel Thompson with all his force to- night to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between Duffield's and Kearneysville. The general commanding has seen Colonel Thompson and has given him his special instruction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. ADAMS,

First Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT LOUDOUN (VIRGINIA) RANGERS,Point of Rocks, June 10, 1864.

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I left this place at noon yesterday and proceeded to Waterford, Va. Found the rebels had left Waterford about one hour and a half before I arrived. I then proceeded to Wheatland, struck the grade, and from thence to Morrisonville, and from Morrisonville I went to Hillsborough, scouting the woods and mountain on the route. I joined te force sent from Harper's Ferry at Hillsborough about 4 p. m.; both commands then proceeded to Wheatland, Morrisonville, and Lovettsville. Near the Short Hill Mountain, and near Morrisonville, I captured 4 of Mosby's guerrillas, who were in the act of carrying off grain. Turned back several wagons loaded with grain. Mosby, with about 150 men, was at Upperville yesterday. The rebels are numerous in Loundoun, mostly in small squads. I took them by surprise yesterday.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL M. KEYES,

Captain Independent Loudoun (Virginia) Rangers.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, June 10, 1864.

Mr. SMITH,

Master of Transportation, Baltimore, Md.:

Information has been received at these headquarters that Gilmor will make a raid to- night on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between this place and Martinsburg. A force of 100 cavalry will start at 9 p. m. from this point, to patrol in front of the road between Duffield's and Kearneysville. Will you instruct your conductors to be very cautious between those points!

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber;

S. F. ADAMS,

First Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.

BALTIMORE, June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Harper's Ferry:

In view of the anticipated trouble to- night, alluded to in your telegram, can you not arrange, in addition to the cavalry force going out, to put fifty determined men, under the command of a relia-

