
ble officer, on the express west, to go as far as Martinsburg, and return on the express coming east! Please answer so we may provide cars.

W. P. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., June 10, 1864.

W. P. SMITH,

Master of Transportation, Baltimore, Ms.:

Will send a guard of forty men with express to Martinsburg and return, according to your suggestion.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber, commanding:

S. F. ADAMS,

First Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.

BALTIMORE, June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER, Harper's Ferry:

Much obliged for your dispatch. Will instruct our conductors as you suggest, but I fear advices are undoubtedly correct. Had we not best suspend running of trains to- night! This, however, would attract attention and be very expensive to us and detrimental to the public. We hope your energetic [action] will counteract if not prevent the threatened evil.

W. P. SMITH.

CUMBERLAND, June 10, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN, New Creek:

I desire you to get ready to make a ten days' scout with 200 of your best men and 300 of the regiment at Greenland Gap and what cavalry I can raise you. I will be on the train to- morrow morning on my way to Oakland and will explain to you. Send messenger to Greenland to Colonel Stevenson to have his men ready with ten days' rations.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT OHIO NATIONAL GUARD,Barboursville, W. Va., June 10, 1864.

Major JOHN S. WITCHER,

Hurricane Bridge, W. Va.:

DEAR SIR: The Union men from the vicinity of Twelve Pole and Beech Fork are flocking in our lines very numerously, giving horrid accounts of the conduct of these murderers under John Chapman- how they are treating Union citizens, &amp;c. I am preparing a circular for the benefit of the leading secessionists of this country, about which I would like your counsel and suggestion. I propose, should it meet your views, to co- operate with you in some plan that will make an unhealthy state of things for these devils that seek the destruction of our men. I propose, first, to notify the leading citizens who gave them aid and comfort that they will be held

