HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, June 11, 1864.

Colonel L. B. PIERCE,

Commanding Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding wishes to know whether or not Colonel Thompson has returned from the scouting expedition. As soon as he returns he will send in a written report to these headquarters. You will send out a detachment of cavalry, 150 strong, to arrive at Smithfield to- morrow, the 12th instant, at 9 a. m., as you were previously notified.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. ADAMS,

First Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.

JUNE 11, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER

Commanding First Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major- General Wallace to inform you that he has no special instructions to give you in regard to posting troops at Port Tobacco and vicinity; it will be left to your discretion. Two companies of the First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers have been ordered to report to you at 6 p. m. this day, in order that they may accompany you in the steamer Cahill, which has been placed subject to your orders. You are requested to post the two companies above referred to at such points as you may deem most important, and make report of your action, and state whether,in your opinion, additional force is needed in that locality.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

WASHINGTON, June 12, 1864- 9.30 p. m.

Major- General HUNTER,

Via Beverly, W. Va.:

It is understood that General Grant is about to move his army to the James River, at or near City Point, and that he will continue to hold the bridge across the Pamunkey, at the White House, to facilitate the junction of yourself an general Sheridan with the Army of the potomac.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Lexington, Va., June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will be kind enough to detail twenty of your best men to report to Captain Ellicott, chief of scouts, without delay, for

