
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,

Numbers 3. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

In the Field, June 12, 1864.

Hereafter a small rear guard, under a lieutenant, will march in rear of each brigade, and will take charge of all led horses belonging to the respective brigades, and will see that they march in regular order and do not straggle from the column, and that they are brought into camp in good order and camped with their brigade. It shall also be the duty of the rear guard above mentioned to see that all stragglers are arrested and marched into camp dismounted.

By order of Brigadier- General Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Lexington, Va., June 12, 1864.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding Reserve Division, &amp;c., Martinsburg, W. Va.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major- general commanding to state that it is his wish that not one pound of any kind of stores, except ammunition, be sent forward to this army in any train coming. Of the stores sent in the last train we have received thirty loads of forage which we did not want, and a great deal of superfluous clothing, putting the government to great expense and encumbering the army with a useless wagon train. In the next train coming you will only send, besides the ammunition for that army, a scant supply of subsistence for the escort, as they can supply themselves with meat from the country as they go along.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

CUMBERLAND, June 12, 1864- 6 p. m.

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Martinsburg:

I have only two companies of infantry at this place, and only one at any other point ont the railroad, except New Creek. At that point is the Twenty-third Illinois, about 350 men. A portion of this regiment is the only available force that can be spared.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

The One hundred and fifty- fourth Regiment Ohio National Guard are all but two companies now stationed at Greenland Gap. Three hundred of this regiment are ordered to Moorefield on a scout.

MARTINSBURG, June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER, Harper's Ferry:

Please inform the commanding general whether there is any ammunition at Harper's Ferry ordered to be in readiness to be sent forward by Lieutenant Field, and state how many wagon loads.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

