
back to- morrow. You will exercise all vigilance on your return, and will be held responsible for the safe arrival of the train at its destination. The train will march at sunrise to- morrow morning. All this by command of General Hunter:

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS.

Washington, D. C., June 13, 1864.

Colonel WELLS,Provost- Marshal, &amp;c., Alexandria:

I wish you to send a force to- day in the direction of Dumfries to get news of Lowell's command. Let me know if you have heard anything of it.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major- General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA Numbers 114. Lexington, Va., June 13, 1864.

* * * * * * *

5. The regiment and a half of 100- days' militia, under Colonel Putnam, recently from Martinsburg as escort to a wagon train, are hereby attached to the First Division of Infantry, General J. C. Sullivan commanding, it being impossible, in view of information received by the major- general commanding, for this force, with the wagon train, to return in safety to Martinsburg. Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan will immediately assume command of the 100- days' militia under Colonel Putnam, incorporate the same with the First Infantry Division of this army, and issue the necessary orders for removing Colonel Putnam's command, and all wagons and stores under its escort, to this side of the river.

* * * * * * *

8. This command will move to- morrow morning in the following time and order: General Crook's division of infantry will move on the road to Buchanan at 4 a. m. precisely. General Sullivan's division of infantry will follow General Crook's at 5 a. m., precisely, moving by brigades on each side of the road, with the artillery and train in the center on the road, as upon the last day's march. General Duffie's division of cavalry will follow General Sullivan's division of infantry at 6 a. m., precisely. Each division commander will see that his column, with its attendant train, is kept well closed up and held in readiness for immediate action.

9. Paragraph 3, Special Orders, Numbers 113, current series, from these headquarters, assigning Captain Waldemar Cursch to duty as chief commissary of subsistence troops in the field, to assist him in his duties.*

The section of horse artillery recently on duty with General Duffie's division of cavalry will immediately return to General Duffie and report for permanent duty with his division.

---------------

*The following portion of this order was probably not issued until June 14, and is wrongly recorded in the "order book."

---------------

