
Brigadier- General Duffie will move his division on the road to Liberty, directly after General Sullivan's train, and in rear of all the wagons, except those of his own train.

This command to- morrow will move as follows: General Crook's division will move at 4 a. m. on the road to Liberty; after passing the Peaks of Otter, he will stop to refresh his men and permit General Averell's division to pass him. After General Averell's division has passed, General Crook will proceed immediately on to Liberty and commence a complete destruction of the railroad from Liberty east, sending back a courier to inform the major- general commanding where he will encamp for the right. General Averell's division will march, as soon as the road is cleared by General Crook's division, on the same road to Liberty. On arriving at Liberty he will take the most practicable road for striking the railroad east of Lynchburg, and he will then move toward Lynchburg, destroying the railroads as he advances. General Averell will send at least two scouts every day to inform the major- general commanding of his situation and progress, and will report in full all information that he may receive with regard to the movements, strength, and situation of the enemy.

By order of Major- General Hunter;

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Lexington, Va., June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding First Infty. Div., Army of West Virginia:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major- general commanding to inform you that in the movements about taking place it is altogether likely that headquarters of the department will be sometimes with one division, at other times with another division of this army. He therefore desires that you assume charge of the wagon train attached to your division, together with that recently arrived with supplies from Martinsburg, until these latter can be otherwise provided for and distributed. This consolidated train will be under your care and protection, and the major- general commanding would suggest that you place a strong guard at its front and rear, a strong guard in its center, and strong guards equidistant between the center and both extremities. The greatest vigilance and energy will be required to assure the safety of this large train and you will select as the officer to command it one of our ablest and most reliable officers.

There will be a field officer with each detachment of the guard from front to rear, and each guard will be held together along the march ready for instant service in any direction. They will not by string along the side of the train, as heretofore, but will be kept consolidated, each under its proper commanding officer. Under the present system of stringing them along the train it is impossible to tell what soldiers are mere stragglers from front and what belong to the guard of the train.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

