
By further order of the major- general commanding, you will exercise your discretion as to whether you will take your train and captured horses with you or send them, under a proper escort, to these headquarters, which we shall not leave until to- morrow morning.

By command of Major- General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant- GENERAL.

MARTINSBURG, VA., June 13, 1864.

(Received 11.50 a. m.)

ADJUTANT- GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

Reliable information just received that Breckinridge's division, about 7,000 strong, passed Gordonsville for Staunton on last Wednesday. It is also reported, but this is not fully reliable, that Pickett's division had passed Gordonsville the day previous, on Tuesday.

F. SIGEL,

Major- General.

BEVERLY, W. VA., June 13, 1864.

(Received 9.30 a. m. 14th.)

ADJUTANT- GENERAL:

I have the honor to report my arrival from Staunton, which place I left on the morning of the 10th, under orders from Major- General Hunter, to collect and organize at Martinsburg, W. Va., all the troops that can possibly be spared from this department, except the 100- days', and bring them forward to join General Hunter in the field. A copy of the order, together with a letter to Major- General Halleck, chief of staff, has been forwarded, After consultation with the commanding officer of this post, I have concluded that the troops stationed here are not needed, and have accordingly requested Major- General Sigel to order them to Martinsburg. I will leave here to- morrow noon for Grafton, and will be at Cumberland on the 15th and Martinsburg on the 16th. One thousand prisoners, including 60 officers, captured by General Hunter at Piedmont, will arrive here to- morrow morning.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major- General.

BEVERLY, June 13, 1864.

Major- General SIGEL:

Please concentrate all mounted and dismounted cavalry at Martinsburg, also the detachment of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry, now at Harper's Ferry, and the Twenty- second Pennsylvania, Colonel Higgins.

J. STAHEL,

Major- General.

