
BEVERLY, June 13, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Martinsburg:

I have just arrived here under orders from General Hunter. Please do not send any trains to the army until I have first seen you. My orders are to collect all the forces at Martinsburg which can be possibly spared, bringing all the reserves into the field. Colonel Moor will arrive here to- morrow morning with 1,000 prisoners. Please send me or Colonel Moor an order where they shall be delivered. Colonel Harris has ordered the Twenty- first New York Cavalry to proceed to General Hunter's headquarters with dispatches. No War Department dispatches have been received here. If the dispatches are not of great importance, will you allow the Twenty- first New York Cavalry to remain here until I see you, or until dispatches of immediate importance shall have arrived from you or the War Department! In order to save time, I have shown a copy of my orders to Colonel Harris, and I would respectfully request that he be immediately ordered to proceed to Martinsburg with his entire command which he has at Beverly, as I shall leave here to- morrow morning, and would like to have your order before leaving.

J. STAHEL,

Major- General.

BEVERLY, June 13, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Charleston, W. Va., Kanawha Valley:

I am directed by Major- General Hunter to bring all troops which can possibly be spared from the whole department, including the Kanawha Valley, into the field, except the 100- days' men, who will be left to do garrison duty. You are, therefore, requested to send with all possible dispatch all the troops belonging General Crook's division, all mounted and dismounted men belonging to Generals Averell and Duffie, armed or unarmed, including all who are convalescent, to Martinsburg, Va. It is of the greatest importance that no delay shall occur in the forwarding of these troops. Arrangements must be made at once for their transportation. You will inform me at Cumberland or Martinsburg, to which place I start to- morrow morning, of all arrangements which you may make, also of the number of dismounted and unarmed men you will send, including a statement of the number of men. I will have to provide railroad transportation at Parkersburg. Please acknowledge receipt. Your first telegram will reach me at Grafton.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major- General.

CUMBERLAND, June 13, 1864.

Major MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Martinsburg:

The detachment of the Twenty-third Illinois will be promptly sent.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

