SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HASKIN'S DIVISION, Numbers 68. June 14, 1864.

1. By direction of Colonel Haskin, the following changes will be made in the First and Third Brigades of this command Company G, Third U. S. Artillery, will move from Fort Bunker Hill at daylight to- morrow morning, June 15, to Fort Meigs, and relieve the two companies now at that post. The acting quartermaster of the First Brigade will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. Companies A, B, C, and the detachment of Company D, of Knap's artillery battalion, at Forts Meigs and Mahan, in Third Brigade, upon the arrival of Company G, Third U. S. Artillery, will move to the First Brigade, and take post as follows; One company and the detachment of Company D will be stationed at Fort Stevens, two companies will be stationed at Fort Slocum. The acting brigade quartermaster of Third Brigade will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. The company of the One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard at Fort Stevens will move as soon as practicable to- morrow to Fort Lincoln. The two companies of the One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard at Fort Slocum will move as soon as practicable to- morrow to Fort Bunker Hill. The acting brigade quartermaster of the First Brigade will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant- General.

CUMBERLAND, June 14, 1864.

Major MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Martinsburg:

Your telegram of this date received. Have ordered Colonel Harris to hold the Sixth Virginia Cavalry at Beverly till further orders. All of the available force of the Twenty- second Pennsylvania Cavalry, about 100 men, left on the 12th on a ten days' scout through Hardy County after guerrillas. They will be sent to you on their return, as ordered. I beg leave respectfully to represent to the general that the withdrawal of the Twenty- second will leave me entirely without cavalry, and consequently I will be unable to scout the country in my front or pursue and punish small bands of guerrillas and horse- thieves. I do not understand the last paragraph of your telegram in regard to the Irish Brigade.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

CUMBERLAND, June 14, 1864.

Colonel T. M. HARRIS,

Beverly:

Hold the Sixth Virginia Cavalry at Beverly until further orders.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

