
CUMBERLAND, June 14, 1864- 6 p. m.

Colonel HARRIS,

Beverly:

Have you anything from the front! Do the scouts report any information of General Hunter's whereabouts!

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Baltimore, June 14, 1864.

By direction of the President of the United States, General Orders, Numbers 30, of April 26, 1864, and Numbers 33, of May 1, 1864, from these headquarters, are hereby revoked.*

By command of Major-GENERAL WALLACE:

Samuel B. Lawrence,

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 33.Baltimore, Md., May 1, 1864.

In order more effectually to carry out the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 30, from these headquarters, it is ordered:

First. That the president and directors, or other authorized agents and representatives of all banks, insurance companies, railroad, turnpike, ferry, and manufacturing companies, and all other moneyed corporations, institutions, and joint stock companies whatsoever within this military department, shall, with the least possible delay, and not later than the 15th day of June next, forward to the office of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Bliss, quartermaster of this department, a written statement, verified under oath by the president and by the secretary or treasurer of such corporation or company, &amp;c., setting forth the names and address of all the proprietors or stockholders, or others having now, or within the past year, any interest whatsoever in the capital stock, the bonds or other debt, funded or otherwise, of such corporation or company, or in the dividends, interest, premiums, or other profits whatsoever arising therefrom or from its business, who are or who since April 19, 1861, have been residents of, or have lived within any of the States now in rebellion, or who now are, or who have been in the rebel army, or in the employment of the rebel Government, to the best knowledge and belief of the deponents the exact amount and nature of the share or other interest of every such person, the date of the commencement of such interest, or of any increase thereof; also, the dates and amounts of all payments of dividends, interest, premiums, or other profits by said company since May 1, 1863, to any such persons, or to any one whatsoever on account of any such persons, and the names of those to whom paid; also the names of any of the said persons to whom any interest or profits are now payable, and the amounts and dates when due.

---------------

*For General Orders, Numbers 30, see Vol. XXXIII, p. 989.

General Orders, Numbers 33, follows.

---------------

