HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Fancy Farm, near Liberty, June 15, 1864- 8. 12 p. m.

Brigadier General A. N. DUFFIE,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: From information received by the major- general commanding, it becomes vitally important that we concentrate and move with all available speed upon Lynchburg to- morrow. You will, therefore, exert yourself to have the train attached to your command pushed forward as far as possible this evening, detailing your most careful and reliable officers to superintend the repairing and crossing of all difficult places in the road, and in every way getting ready for an effective and prompt start of your command by 5 a. m. to- morrow. The major- general commanding relies with confidence upon the putting forth of your best exertions this evening to secure the results which we have reason to expect to- morrow.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

POINT OF ROCKS, June 15, 1864.

(Received Washington, 9.25 a. m. 16th.)

W. A. DUNCAN, Deputy Marshal:

SIR: I have just received your telegram, and in reply I think it would be better if you could get 300 of Colonel Lowell's cavalry, as the rebels are in Loudoun County with some force. Get the force from Colonel Lowell. I will meet you in Leesburg any day or hour you may set.

Very respectfully, yours,

DANIEL M. KEYES,

Captain.

BEVERLY, June 15, 1864.

Brigadier- General KELLEY, Cumberland:

Ten deserters just come in from Jackson's forces. Last Friday Jackson's command received their horses, and are now mounted. Jenkins is in command, and has sent a mounted force to Franklin.

All quiet.

M. S. HALL,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Little Otter Creek, June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Infantry Division:

GENERAL: General Hunter thinks you had better send your men who are to go north to- morrow over here to- night, as it might not be safe to send them to Liberty without an escort of some strength. The command will move forward to Lynchburg early in the morning. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant- General.

41 R- VOL XXXVII, PT I

