
MARTINSBURG, W. VA., June 16, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

THE ADJUTANT- GENERAL:

On the 12th instant I received an order from General Hunter, dated 9th, directing that one- half of the ammunition ordered to be kept in readiness be sent forward immediately. This will be a train of forty to fifty wagons,under an escort of 500 infantry and 300 cavalry. On receipt of a dispatch from General Stahel I delivered this train, but it appears that the order of General Stahel refers to a large ammunition train to be sent in twenty or thirty days. A letter of General Hunter to General Halleck, a copy of which was furnished General Stahel, speaks of an ammunition train about which he (General Hunter) had telegraphed in cipher to General Halleck. Shall, under these circumstances, not knowing anything of General Hunter's movements, the train of forty wagons be sent through!

F. SIGEL,

Major- General.

WASHINGTON, June 16, 1864- 11.30 a. m.

Major General F. SIGEL:

Telegram received. General Halleck says General Hunter's telegram and letter by General Stahel have not yet been received. As soon as they come to hand you will be notified of the their contents. At last advices General Hunter was intending to move toward Lynchburg. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Adjutant- General.

WASHINGTON, June 17, 1864- 3 p. m.

Lieutenant- General GRANT,

Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

A German engineer officer who left Lee's army June 7 says that Pickett's division, about 6,000 infantry, and Breckinridge's division, about 7,000 infantry, passed through Gordonsville (in cars) on the 6th and 7th, against Hunter. He did not see their cavalry or artillery. He estimates the entire force left under Lee and Beauregard from 60,000 to 75,000, exclusive of home guards and militia in Richmond. He says that all damage to railroads has been repaired and cars run from Richmond to Charlottesville and Staunton. Lee's army is well supplied with provisions, but ammunition is of inferior quality and much complained of. Many of this man's statements are verified by others.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, Va., June 17, 1864.

(Received 9 a. m. 18th)

Major- General HALLECK,

Washington:

General Butler learns that Lee has sent Doles' and Kershaw's brigades and Gordon's division to Lynchburg. They started Monday

