
nished everything called for by General Hunter, and Lieutenant Field, ordnance officer. I send you by to- day's mail an order and telegram from General Sigel for additional stores to be held at this depot, subject to requisition.

D. J. YOUNG,

Ordnance Agent.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers -. June 18, 1864.

The army of the Department of West Virginia will prepare to move immediately toward Salem, in the following order; First, one strong regiment of cavalry; second, train; third, one good regiment of infantry (Sullivan's); fourth, for batteries of artillery; fifth, one division of infantry (Sullivan's); sixth, one battery of artillery; seventh, one division of infantry with four pieces of (Napoleon) artillery (Crook's); eighth, cavalry and horse artillery. By order of Major- General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,Assistant Adjutant- General.

WASHINGTON, June 18, 1864- 11.30 a. m.

Major- General STAHEL,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

General Hunter's letter of June 9 is just received. He says he has directed you to collect troops and take out an ammunition train, but makes no requisition of the kind of ammunition. You can and the Ordnance Department will send to Harper's Ferry any that may be required there. It is the duty of the ordnance officer of that department to attend to details.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, June 18, 1864.

Major- General STAHEL,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

For any ammunition you may want for General Hunter, not found at Harper's Ferry, telegraph to the Ordnance Department, and it will be immediately sent to you by an express train. You should use all possible dispatch in carrying out General Hunter's instructions, and take every precaution in convoying the train.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

BEVERLY, June 18, 1864.

Major- General STAHEL:

Have returned to Beverly went beyond Hightown. Learned that there was a rebel force fat or near Staunton, and that General Hunter had gone to Lexington. The people all along our way were

