
told a day or two previous that the detachment was coming through to Staunton by some of the released prisoners that Colonel Harris had sent from here. I had no guide, nor could not get one, and was entirely ignorant of the country. My command is nearly out of ammunition, having none since we left the regiment. I send the dispatches through the way directed by Major Lang and think they will get through.

E. B. GERE,

Captain, Commanding.

BEVERLY, June 18, 1864.

Major- General STAHEL:

The men I sent through with the dispatches traveled night and day, and could not get through. They report that there is a rebel force at Staunton and Lexington, and that General Hunter had gone to Lynchburg. Major Hunter is going to make another attempt to get the dispatches through.

E. B. GERE,

Captain.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,In the Field, near lynchburg, Va., June 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

SIR: I am in front of the enemy's works, and in sight of the town. They have a strong fore of infantry or dismounted men in my front. They have aline of fortifications in sight, which I am shelling. The enemy seem to move to the right of the town. There seems, also, to be considerable confusion among them. I am awaiting some demonstration from the rest of the line, as I cannot move forward alone against what is here. It will be impossible for me at present to extend my line to the right. I will do so at night, if practicable. I am almost out of ammunition.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,In the Field, June 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

SIR: Your dispatch received. The re- enforcements have not yet reached me. So soon as they do I shall carry out General Hunter's wishes. I hold the bridge on the road three miles from Lynchburg. The enemy had partially destroyed it before I reached there. My artillery will have some difficulty in crossing, owing to the destruction of the bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

