
2. Brigadier General A. N. Duffie will hereafter receive his orders direct from the major-general commanding, and will report to him immediately in person for special instructions.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST VIRGINIA,June 19, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You are directed to move with your command, or with such portion of it as you may select, southward upon the Richmond and Danville Railroad, striking it at the Staunton River, Danville, or any intermediate point where it can be most effectually destroyed. Having effected your purpose of cutting the road and damaging the enemy as much as possible, you will return by the most practicable route to rejoin the column moving in the direction of Lewisburg, Greenbrier County. The release of the U. S. prisoners at Danville being one of the most important objects of this expedition, you will use every effort to accomplish this purpose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., June 19, 1864.

(Received 10.20 a.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram dated 11 a.m. yesterday did not reach me until now. General Hunter gave no detailed information, but requested me to sign the requisitions he had sent. Since Crook and Averell joined Hunter I do not know the kind and quantity of ammunition required for the command, but will try to ascertain. I shall keep you informed as to the progress made in carrying out General Hunter's orders.

J. STAHEL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General STAHEL,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

General Sheridan, who was sent by General Grant to open communication with General Hunter, by way of Charlottesville, has just returned to York River without effecting his object. It is, therefore, very probable that General Hunter will be compelled to fall back into West Virginia. In moving out with your train you must, therefore, be guided entirely by such information as you may be

