HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va. June 21, 1864.

W. P. SMITH,

Master of Transportation, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

I think it impossible for Mosby to cross, and there is no foundation in fact for the statement.

MAX WEBER.

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT OHIO NATIONAL GUARD,Barboursville, W. VA., June 21, 1864

Major WITCHER,

Commanding at Hurricane Bridge, W. Va.,:

SIR: Yesterday morning an ambulance coming in from Mud Bridge was fired into by a gang of bushwhackers, supposed to be about eight. Some twenty bullet-holes could be found about the ambulances. They evidently used revolvers. It occurred three and one-half miles from Barboursville; 2 men severely wounded, 1 slightly, 1 man shot in three places. They hurried off at such speed as prevented a capture of horses, which, evidently was what these men were after. I am investigating the matter with the citizens along this line to-day. I have ordered every man between this and Mud Bridge, for a space of five miles north and south of the pike, to report immediately at Barboursville. All the people who live along this line, I am informed, have taken the oath and claim protection under it, claiming that they are not secesh.

To men who have taken the oath, unless charges could be made and sustained, I do not feel authorized to apply General Hunter's order. I intend applying it wherever I can find a man that is a proper subject. I think I will apply it on two men to-day, unless I am or become satisfied that some reports which have been circulated about them in regard to this affair are entirely unfounded. I am going to so shape affairs that the citizens along this road shall be responsible to me for such conduct, and make them watch this road and give me information. I shall bind them in such a shape as will enable me to find out where the leading secesh are, and then deliberately destroy their property. I would not hesitate, but it is an important and serious matter, and should not be done hastily, or in the wrong place. If I knew the country and people I could apply it to much better advantage. I would rather spare two secesh than burn up one Union man's property, but a thorough overhauling will take place. I intend to know the people and be better prepared to judge the guilty party.

A. D. JAYNES,

Commanding 141st Regiment Ohio National Guard.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 214. Washington, June 21, 1864.

That portion of Maryland between the Patuxent, the Chesapeake Bay, and the Potomac River, including the prisoner's camp at Point Lookout, is added to the Department of Washington.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

