
The weather has been very inclement during the whole march and the roads in a terrible condition.

The Twentieth Virginia Cavalry, under command of Colonel William W. Arnett, stationed at Hightown, made a remarkable march and joined me on the evening of the 11th instant. The officers and men of that regiment deserve tobe complimented.

In closing this report, and now that my co-operation with Colonel William H. French ceases, I desire to express my thanks to him for his courtesy, and to say that during the time I have been under his command I have heartily approved of all his plans and movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Western Virginia.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel D. Howard Smith, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding brigade, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain, and skirmish at New River Bridge.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE MORGAN'S CAVALRY,Meyter's Gap, Russell County, Va., May 23, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in obedience to your request, the following report of the operations of the command under me on the 9th and 10th instant at Dublin and New River bridge:

On the evening of the 8th instant I received orders from Brigadier General John H. Morgan to proceed with my entire command, numbering about 750 men (then at Saltville, in Smyth County, Va.), to Dublin to re-enforce Brigadier General A. G. Jenkins, who was threatened with a large body of the enemy, reported to be advancing on him. As soon as transportation could be furnished me for my troops, which was not until near 12 o'clock that night, I proceeded by rail in the direction of the point of my destination; but in consequence of the locomotive running off the track and the insufficiency of the transportation furnished me, I did not reach Dublin until about 1 o'clock the next day, and with scarcely 400 of my men, the residue having been left at Glade Spring. When I reached Dublin I found you waiting my arrival, and from you I learned that our forces under Brigadier-General Jenkins had been engaged for several hours in quite a severe contest with the enemy near Cloyd's farm, and the former wee being quite hard pressed by the latter, especially on their extreme right, and that General Jenkins had been severely wounded and compelled to leave the field, and Colonel McCausland, the ranking officer, had assumed chief command. With as little delay as possible I formed my command and moved for the scene of action at quick time. I had, however, proceeded but a short distance before it became apparent that our forces under Colonel McCausland had been thoroughly routed and many of them demoralized and straggling. My command, however (it is but just that I should say of them), moved steadily forward through the heterogeneous mass that impeded their progress until they met the enemy, who were close in pursuit (with their cavalry) of our receding forces.

