
WASHINGTON, June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Bermuda Hundred:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of General Sherman's report of operations, just received. General Stahel is organizing a column of all available forces in West Virginia to protect an ammunition train from General Hunter. If the enemy's forces in the Valley in Hunter's rear should prove as numerous as reported it, will hardly be possible to get through. Nothing has been heard here directly from General Hunter since he sent Stahel back, and our scouts have not been able to pass the rebel lines. General Stahel is acting under verbal instructions of Hunter, and may be able to communicate with him as he advances. Difficulties in Kentucky seem to have subsided for the present. Generals Rosecrans and Curtis are continually calling for more troops in their departments, the President and members of Congress being flooded with stampeding telegrams. They want 20,000 men to oppose 2,000 guerrillas. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker has tendered his resignation on account of ill health, but his friends are urging that it be not accepted, and that he be sent to New Mexico or Arizona. The Secretary is willing to do this if, in your opinion, General C, should be retained in the service and is competent for a frontier command like the one suggested. He desires your opinion on this matter as early as convenient. Reports to staff departments indicate stupendous frauds in General Banks' command, at Vicksburg, and on the Mississippi River generally. General Canby proposes a very general change of commanders, and for this purpose nearly all general officers not in actual command have been sent to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Castle, Va., June 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding First Infantry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that this command will move to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,In the Field, June 22, 1864-5.40 p.m.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will immediately send a reliable party to Sweet Springs to get information with regard to the movements of the enemy, and send a report at once to the major-general commanding of all information obtained. You will then push on the party to

