
arrival at Camp Morton, else two-thirds of the prisoners would have escaped before reaching Webster. Many officers of rank, availing themselves of the protection offered by my escort and guard, promised me every aid on the march,but I was sadly disappointed. Inclosed please find copy* of my official report to General Sullivan, relative to the battle of New Market.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT. 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 47. Baltimore, June 22, 1864.

The Secretary of War having ordered that all slaves who are brought to the recruiting rendezvous and found physically disqualified for military service, and who do not desire to return to their masters, but seek military protection, shall not be rejected, but enlisted and mustered into U. S. service, with a view to transfer to the quartermaster's department. All quartermasters in this department are hereby directed to take charge of such persons when transferred to the quartermaster's department and forward them to the chief quartermaster of the Baltimore depot. The quartermasters will not forward the men until they are properly transferred by order of the War Department.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-8 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Petersburg paper of the 22nd instant has the following:

A dispatch from Lynchburg of Monday states that the reserve forces were ordered to Liberty to take charge of the prisoners captured from Hunter. It is no longer a retreat, but a rout; a stampede, in which the vandals are vainly endeavoring to escape the just vengeance due their crimes.

The Sentinel says a report was current in Richmond on Monday night that 3,000 of Hunter's men had been captured. The papers will be sent you. Nothing new since last dispatch from the lines.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Castle, Va. June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding First Infantry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that General Crook's division will march in the advance to-day. Your division will follow. Your rear brigade will be dis-

---------------

*See p. 79.

---------------

