
GREEN SPRING, June 23, 1864.

My command will leave here at 12 o'clock, and march to-day and all night, and arrive in Martinsburg to-morrow evening. Can I go down by rail on night train and be to see you in advance of the men?

J. HIGGINS,

Colonel.

PARKERSBURG, June 23, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL:

Received the order to move 4 p.m. Have forwarded teams to Elizabeth for Company E. They will be here to-morrow. Companies H and F will meet in Clarksburg.

JAS. L. SIMPSON.

Major, Commanding Detachment

PARKERSBURG, June 23, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL:

It will be impossible for my companies to reach the railroad before to-morrow morning. I will act with all possible dispatch. What will Lieutenant Mountz, Company A, do with the ordnance in Fort Boreman, for which he is responsible?

J. L. SIMPSON,

Major, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 156. June 24, 1864.

* * * *

3. The Tenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, now serving with Brigadier-General Briggs, commanding Draft Rendezvous, Alexandria, will proceed without delay to Point Lookout, Md., and be reported to the commanding officer of that post for duty, to relieve the Fourth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers. The Fourth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, upon being relieved, will proceed at once to Bermuda Hundred, Va., and be reported to the commanding officer Army of the Potomac. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

4. The detachment U. S. cavalry now serving at Point Lookout and vicinity will be at once relieved and forwarded to the Army of the Potomac, via Bermuda Hundred.

5. A mounted patrol of eighty men will be organized from the command at Point Lookout for duty at that post and vicinity. Hereafter no expedition for service away from that post will be organized at or sent from it without special authority from the War Department.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

