
WASHINGTON, June 24, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

As stated in my former dispatch, Major-General Stahel was sent back by General Hunter to collect troops and escort to him a train of ammunition. General Stahel is nearly ready to start, but has no information as to where he can find General Hunter. Should your information be such that you deem General Stahel's expedition too perilous to be undertaken please telegraph to that effect. Otherwise he will proceed to do the best he can up the Shenandoah Valley.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 117. Sweet Springs, Va. June 24, 1864

1. This command will move, precisely at 3 p.m. this day, for White Sulphur Springs. General Crook's division will be in the advance, followed immediately by the Artillery Brigade, under Captain H. A. Du Pont, chief of artillery. General Sullivan's division will come next; two regiments from his division will be detailed to guard the wagon train, and the commanding officer of these regiments will at once report in person to General Duffie, commanding First Cavalry Division, for instructions and orders. General Duffie's division will form the rear guard of the column, and will be responsible for the safety of the train.

* * * *

3. Colonel Powell's brigade, of General Averell's division, is hereby transferred to the command of General Crook's division. Colonel Powell will be immediately ordered by General Averell to report with his brigade to General Crook.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Sweet Springs, Va., June 24, 1864

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division;

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed at once with your command and encamp at four or five miles from White Sulphur Springs, on the road to Covington; that plenty of grass may be obtained at the Springs for the artillery and train horses. Immediately upon arriving at your camp, the commanding general directs that you picket strongly all the roads, and obtain all the information in your power and communicate it at once to him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

