
a whole regiment of strange troops. I desire you to make this proposition to the authorities and ask their consideration before it is too late for us, and let me know soon what can be done.

Your most obedient servant,

W. G. PIERSON,

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. FORCES WEST OF PIEDMONT, DEPT. OF W. VA.

Clarksburg, W. Va. June 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Information is also had from other sources in regard to bands of rebels being in Braxton and Nicholas Counties; also in Gilmer, Roane, Wirt, and Jackson Counties. Now that the troops are being entirely withdrawn from Lewis, Gilmer, Wirt, and Wood Counties (late occupied by the companies of the Eleventh Virginia Infantry), the inhabitants will severely suffer from depredations of these outlaws. If Company I, Sixth Virginia Infantry, at Green Spring Run, and Company G, Sixth Virginia, Infantry, at New Creek, could be sent here, such disposition could be made of them as would country, which is now in a considerable state of uneasiness. Mr. Pierson is a scout duly appointed by Major-General Sigel, and is an energetic, reliable Union man, and perfectly familiar with the counties adjoining Braxton, &amp;c.

N. WILKINSON,Colonel, Commanding, &c.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS

Cumberland, Md., June 30, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Wilkinson.

The necessity of thee being troops in Braxton and the other counties referred to by Colonel Wilkinson is well understood, but at present the services of the companies of the Sixth West Virginia Infantry spoken of cannot be dispensed with in their present locality. The request of Mr. Pierson that a detail be made and placed under his command for the purpose of scouting in the before-mentioned counties, cannot be considered, as details of this kind are contrary to all regulations. Soldiers cannot be placed under command of a citizen. Mr. Pierson must, therefore, confine his operations to his legitimate business, as citizen scout.

By order of Brigadier-General Kelley:

C. A. FREEMAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 218. Washington, June 24, 1864.

* * * *

25. Brigadier General Thomas A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major-General Couch, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the Department of the Susquehanna, for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

