
CUMBERLAND, June 25, 1864.

Captain FARIS, Altamont:

It is reported that McNeill left Moorefield on Wednesday night on a scout. It is possible he may endeavor to come through after some Government horses in pasture on my farm. You will take a scout of fifty men, with five days' rations, and go over by the Red House and scout the country in toward the Horseshoe. Send a messenger to Fort Pendleton and advise Godwin, and direct him to be on the alert; also advise him of your scout.

B. F. KELLEY

Brigadier-General.

POINT OF ROCKS, June 25, 1864.

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It has been reported to me by reliable authority that Mosby with a force of 400 men is near Upperville. He designs making a raid on the loyal people to get 1,000 artillery horses.

R. C. BAMFORD,

Provost-Marshal.

BEVERLY, W. VA., June 26, 1864-10.20 p.m.

(Received 11.45 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I left General Hunter at 8 a.m. June 17. Heard cannon all afternoon. Courier told me they were overpowered. Force 50,000 strong. Were falling back to Meadow Bluff. Courier sent for provisions, to Charleston, Kanawha. I saw dispatch, and General Hunter's own signature.

T. K. McCANN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General SIGEL:

All instructions from General Grant have been sent to yourself and General Stahel in regard to Hunter. There are no more to give. The supplies for General Hunter must be sent by such route as from the information obtained from time to time seems most feasible. It is not probable that General Grant will give any detailed instructions.

D. C. WAGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, June 26, 1864.

(Received 9.40 a.m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The following has been received from Charleston, W. Va.:

Have heard from General Hunter, and send supplies forward to-day, June 25. Have 600,000 rations at Gauley Bridge. Ample supplies of quartermaster's stores here and at Gallipolis, Ohio. Have no Smith carbine ammunition. We need much. Will report on ordnance to-morrow in full.

McILRATH,

Major, Commanding.

