
Carbine ammunition will be sent to Charleston at once; also other ammunition as soon as I hear from Charleston as to the quantity on hand.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, June 26, 1864.

Colonel HOY, New Creek:

The rebels attacked and captured our picket this a.m. at Springfield and Wire Bridge. Send a messenger at once to Greenland Gap, and advise Colonel Stevenson. I have not learned what force it is, but presume it McNeill's.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, June 26, 1864.

Colonel THOMPSON, Green Spring:

I will send you an ambulance this afternoon. Who commanded the rebel force? How much force had the rebels; was it cavalry or infantry? By what road did they come and go? You say by the Winchester road; what road do you mean, via Romney, or the road leading out from Springfield? If it was McNeill's force, he has retreated probably via the Branch Mountain and Grassy Lick road. Give me all particulars you have learned.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, June 27, 1864-3.30 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

All is quiet here now, except from our own guns, which fire into the bridge at Petersburg from a distance of 2,000 yards. Petersburg paper of the 25th, states that Hunter is striking for Jackson River Depot, about forty miles north of Salem, and says that if he reaches Covington which they suppose he will do with most of his accuses Hunter of destroying a great amount of private property and stealing a large number of wagons, horses, and cattle. The same paper also states that Wilson destroyed a train of cars loaded with cotton and furniture, burned the depot buildings, &amp;c., at Burkeville, and destroyed some of the track, and was still pushing south. All the railroads leading into Richmond are now destroyed, and some of them badly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 158. June 27, 1864.

* * * *

6. The Fourteenth Unattached Company Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Wilson commanding, having reported at these

