
headquarters, will be reported without delay to Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Haskin, commanding division, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 74. Washington, June 27, 1864.

The Fourteenth Unattached Company Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Wilson commanding, having reported to these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 158, headquarters Department of Washington, of this date, is hereby assigned to duty at Fort Meigs, Md., and will report, through Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Oberteuffer, commanding Third Brigade, accordingly.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEVERLY, W. VA., June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.;

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was detached from the staff of Major-General Hunter on account of my knowledge of the country, its roads, inhabitants, and resources, to take 141 prisoners, 130 sick and wounded, and a large train to some post within our lines, aiming for Charleston, W. Va. I started at 8 a.m. the 17th instant, with parts of the One hundred and fifty-second and One hundred and sixty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry (militia), under command of Colonel Putnam, of the One hundred and fifty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry nineteen miles west of Lynchburg; camped that night at Buford's Station, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. On the 18th instant burned Buford's Depot, containing some 500 stand of arms and other rebel Government property, also two bridges and cut the telegraph wires up to Buford's Gap. Passed through Fincastle with a slight skirmish, and was attacked that night and repulsed the rebels with slight loss.

The 19th I captured a wagon load of ammunition, burned and destroyed it; same day mounted twenty men and sent them to Grace Furnace the property of J. R. Anderson of Richmond, Va., burned the furnace, mills, store, stable, &amp;c.; captured 60 mules, 15 for want of transportation; total value of property destroyed and captured was at least $250,000. On the 20th set fire to a house occupied by bushwhackers, destroyed 50 stand of arms; set fire to

