
the rail breast-works thrown up to resist Averell last winter on Sweet Springs Mountain. On the 21st were attacked in the center of our train by some 70 men under Thurmond and Aymeck; repulsed them with the loss of 2 men wounded and 2 horses killed, 1 wagon broken and abandoned. On the 22nd met the combined forces of the brothers Thurmond, Aymeck, and Tyree in a strong position at Greenbrier River, near Lewisburg; they had some sixty cavalry under Lieutenant Howree, skirmished with them some two hours, lost 2 killed and 2 wounded and some 20 horses.

Finding the road blockaded, I deemed it advisable, in consequence of the number of prisoners and the long train, to take another road; returned to White Sulphur Springs, and met a courier from General Hunter going to Charleston, W. Va. with a dispatch ordering the commanding officer there to forward supplies to Meadow Bluff. The courier reported that General Hunter fought four hours on the 17th; on the 18th the general ascertained that the rebel forces at Lynchburg were 50,000 men, and from prisoners taken it was reported that Lee was evacuating Richmond and falling back on Lynchburg, consequently General H. was obliged to fall back. From the White Sulphur Springs I took the Anthony Creek road, and came part of the way on the road General Averell returned last winter; in consequence of the rough road had to burn 50 wagons. Was attacked in the rear continually until I reached the pike at Hillsborough from which point came directly through to this post without any trouble. Have marched 193 miles through an enemy's country, having subsisted upon the same, capturing 1 captain and assistant quartermaster, 2 privates, and a number of horses, mules, cattle, and sheep, and had there been a cavalry force of 200 men with the train, could have captured 500 head of horses an immense number of cattle and sheep, from the fact that during the first two or three days' march we came upon the inhabitants very unexpectedly. I shall go from here to Webster, and thence to Martinsburg, Va., where I am to report to you in accordance with orders from Major-General Hunter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. K. McCANN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION.

In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept., of West Virginia:

COLONEL: I beg leave to say a few words to you about the cavalry of this department. Hastily organized and but partially equipped, and with inexperienced officers, it has never been properly fitted for the field. During last winter the supplies of horses, equipments, and arms were meager and irregular. The furlough granted to veterans also added its interference to other causes to prevent a proper preparation for the field. Indeed, there have been many difficulties to contend with. Since May 1 this cavalry has marched 800 miles, over a region filled with every obstacle to cavalry operations, and has by its uncomplaining endurance of fatigue and hunger as well as by its behavior in battle, entitled itself to a careful consideration of its present necessities. The casualties in my division attest the devotion with which they have performed their duty. It is desirable, I pre-

