
My loss in the first day's operations was 4 killed, 18 wounded, and 30 missing, and on the second day 1 killed and Captain Bedford slightly injured. Among the killed I regret to be compelled to mention Captain C. S. Cleburne (brother of Major General Patrick R. Cleburne, of the Army of Tennessee), one of the most gallant and promising young officers in the Confederate service. He fell while gallantly leading his men in a charge on the enemy mortally wounded, from which he shortly afterward died.

It having been ascertained on the morning of the 13th instant that the enemy had retired in the direction of Salt Pond Mountain, permission was given me by the colonel commanding to return with my command. I immediately took up the line of march and reached Saltville on the morning of the 18th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HOWARD SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Morgan's Dismounted Cavalry.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 3, 1864.-Raid on Bulltown, W. Va.

Report of Colonel Nathan Wilkinson, Sixth West Virginia Infantry.

NEW CREEK, May 5, 1864.

Captains Spriggs and Chewings occupied Bulltown, burnt the fortifications, and have left, in what direction is unknown. Four companies only of the Eleventh Virginia remained in Parkersburg. The wires were cut this morning before instructions could be sent them. Will order one company to Wirt County, and hold the others in reserve.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General F. SIGEL.

MAY 5, 1864.-Raid on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between Bloomington and Piedmont, W. Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Abstract from Itinerary of Wilkinson's brigade, Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Captain John H. McNeill, Virginia Partisan Rangers.

Numbers 1. Abstract from Itinerary of Wilkinson's brigade, Department of West Virginia.*

May 5.-Lieutenant Charles Bagley, + with one gun, supported by a detachment of seventy-five infantry, under command of Lieutenant

---------------

*From return for May.

+Battery L, First Illinois Light Artillery.

---------------

