
and victorious in every engagement. Running short of ammunition and finding it impossible to collect supplies while in presence of an enemy believed to be superior to our force in numbers and constantly receiving re-enforcements from Richmond and other points, I deemed it best to withdraw, and have succeeded in doing so without serious loss to this point, where we have met abundant supplies of food and forage. A detailed report of our operations will be forwarded immediately. The command is in excellent heart and health, and ready, after a few days' rest,for service in any direction.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Loup Creek, near Gauley, W. Va., June 28, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

GENERAL: I request an order to report in Washington immediately for a day or two to communicate information and consult upon orders for future operations. I have two fine divisions of infantry and one of cavalry, all in good heart.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

LOUP CREEK, W. VA., June 28, 1864.

(Received 11.50 p.m.)

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

General Hunter and staff arrived here last evening. His command will all be in to-day. On the 17th, four miles south of Lynchburg, Generals Crook and Averell engaged and repulsed Imboden, McCausland, and Jackson. On the 18th, two miles south of Lynchburg, General Hunter engaged part of Ewell's corps, commanded by Early, Breckinridge's division, consisting of Echols' and Wharton's brigades, lately at Richmond, besides Imboden's, Vaughn's, McCausland's, Jones', and Jackson's brigades, together with all the reserve militia of that vicinity. General Duffie, who held our left, was confronted by a superior force, and a detachment sent to destroy the railroad bridge over the James found it strongly guarded by artillery and infantry. The enemy made a vigorous attack on our center, and were handsomely repulsed, and driven into their intrenchments. Their force is estimated at about 20,000 and our ammunition and subsistence giving out, it was thought inadvisable to remain there longer. By hard marches, closely pursued by the enemy, we got off without disaster. We have marched farther into the Confederacy, and injured the enemy more, than any column that has ever marched in West Virginia. These re-enforcements marched from Richmond to Gordonsville, thence by rail to Lynchburg and they are probably at Richmond again by this.

J. McENTEE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

