
ganization of the cavalry command is reserved for further consideration. As the road from Gauley Bridge to your camp is for the most part narrow, only admitting the passage of one wagon, and is at present in part occupied by our train, it will be impossible to send back to grain forage you require (40,000 pounds) in wagons. But if you will send two squadrons of well-mounted men to Gauley Bridge without delay they will there be met by the forage in sacks, which they can carry back to you on their horses. This promises to be the most expeditions way of meeting the requirements of your command.

I have the honor to be, general, with very sincere respect.

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Loup Creek, June 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Hunter to direct that you will leave General A. N. Duffie's division to bring up and protect the rear, and not cross until the whole command, with all the wagons and artillery, are over. You will cross with your own division as previously ordered, to Loup Creek, where an abundance of forage awaits you.

I have the honor to be, general, your very obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., June 28, 1864

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

The following report, sent to Major-General Hunter, is respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department:

I have the honor to inform the commanding general that the following troops are now on the line of railroad;One regiment Potomac Home Brigade and two and one-half regiments Ohio National Guard between Monocacy and Sleepy Creek; two regiments Ohio National Guard, Sixth West Virginia Infantry, and four companies Eleventh West Virginia Infantry between Sleepy Creek and Parkersburg. General Kelley has one regiment of cavalry (Sixth West Virginia), 200 of them mounted. General Weber has one regiment of cavalry (Twelfth Pennsylvania), 100 armed and mounted effective as cavalry. General Weber also has two battalions Fifth, New York Artillery performing infantry duty. All other troops have been concentrated under General Stahel, comprising the Twenty-third Illinois and Tenth Virginia Infantry, numbering 1,250 men; detachments of cavalry of regiments in front, numbering 1,900 mounted and 1,500 dismounted; also two sections of horse artillery (Keeper's) - in all 4,650 men. General Stahel's troops are now stationed at Smithfield and Bunker Hill. The train now in readiness contains 900,000 rounds infantry ammunition and 5,000 artillery ammunition. The cavalry ammunition - 25,000 carbine and 200,000 pistol-has been sent to Charleston to-day, on information that there is none at that place; also, medical stores will eave on first train. All the cavalry dismounted is armed as infantry. Please inform me whether infantry ammunition and artillery shall be sent, and the quantity, which can be done at once if so directed. I have no information as to any movements of the enemy in this Valley.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

