
Brown, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, was ordered to Piedmont, W. Va., to intercept the rebel raider, McNeill, who was making a raid upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Marched to Piedmont, a distance of five miles, and found the enemy had left a short time previous; followed and came up with them at Bloomington, W. Va., and immediately opened fire upon them, dispersing them in confusion; returned to New Creek, W. Va., same evening.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John H. McNeill, Virginia Partisan Rangers.

MOOREFIELD, HARDY COUNTY,

May 7, 1864.

I left this place with sixty men on the night of the 3rd instant. Reached Bloomington, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, on the morning of the 5th at daydawn. Captured a freight train; put some of my men on board. Went one and a half miles below to Piedmont, my cavalry following on behind. We captured that place with a small garrison, which surrendered without resistance. We burned some seven large buildings filled with the finest machinery, engines, and railroad cars; burned nine railroad engines, some seventy-five or eighty burthen cars, two trains of cars heavily laden with commissary stores, and sent six engines with full head of steam toward New Creek. Captured the mail and mail train and 104 prisoners on the train, and burned the railroad bridge across the North Branch of the Potomac leading to Cumberland.

JOHN H. McNEILL,

Captain, Commanding Company Partisan Rangers.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MAY 8, 1864.-Affair at Halltown, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. Army.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., May 10, 1864.

On the night of the 8th instant our pickets at halltown were attacked by about fifty rebels, their object being to outflank our forces. They were unsuccessful from the fact that each night the position of the guard is changed. I have seen Colonel Rodgers myself, and the necessary orders have been issued regarding papers. He cannot strengthen his police and picket guards as his whole force, 200 infantry and 70 cavalry, are now all on duty.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding U. S. Forces on Baltimore and Ohio R. R.

