
and Third West Virginia, Fourteenth Pennsylvania, First New York (Lincoln), First New York (Veteran), Twenty-first New York, and Eighth Ohio should be assembled in the Shenandoah Valley as soon as possible, reorganized and equipped for active operations. The Second Maryland might be of service at department headquarters. As the men are familiar with the country they will make excellent couriers and guides. All horses which do not promise to become serviceable in ten days by care and rest, should be turned over to the remount camp of General Duffie for recuperation. All dismounted men from mounted regiments should be sent to Pleasant Valley, where a temporary remount camp should be established. The Seventh West Virginia, as soon as its consolidation with the Fifth is completed at Charleston, should be sent to the Shenandoah Valley. Any mounted regiment which does not exhibit a proper state of discipline, or which neglects its horses, will be at once dismounted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., July 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General George Crook, commanding troops in the Kanawha Valley, for his consideration and such action as he may see fit.

By command of General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., June 29, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p.m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

Cavalry patrols sent to Cedar Creek report no enemy in that direction. Persons who came from Staunton River Friday last report only cavalry in the Valley.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C. June 29, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The pontoons of which you notified me on the 7th instant as having been recovered by Major D. C. Thompson, of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, have been received at the engineer depot, are being repaired, and at a small expense will be as efficient as ever. I now learn from Colonel Pettes, in charge of the engineer depot in this city, that there are about twenty-four pontoons, with other bridge appurtenances at Fairmont, on the upper Potomac. They were sent from Harper's Ferry under charge of Captain Personius, of

