
Colonel Pettes' regiment (Fiftieth New York), to Wheeling W. Va., by rail and thence sent to Fairmont. Captain W. Penn Gaskill, at Harper's Ferry, is probably acquainted with the particulars relating to this portion of the train. I request that he be directed to give his attention to this subject; that if these boats are not in sue, he cause them and appurtenances to be forwarded to Colonel Pettes at the engineer depot in this city, that they be put in order for immediate issue when called for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General, and Chief Engineer.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Adjutant-General of the Army, who will call upon General Sigel for a report.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Captain, Fourth U. S. Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 1, 1864.

Respectfully, referred to Major-General Sigel for report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS

Harper's Ferry, June 29, 1864-10.30 a.m

Major T. A. MEYSENBURG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have reliable information that Mosby was in Charlestown this morning, and was there during the night. He has a considerable force near by. I received a dispatch from Washington last night, that a cavalry force was sent out to Leesburg, also one went from Point of Rocks, Md., to join the force from Washington, to-day. If you cans send out a cavalry force to Charlestown to-day, and drive Mosby out and across the Shenandoah, I will telegraph to Washington to have a courier sent to Leesburg with the information, and have the force more toward the Shenandoah that Mosby may be headed off and perhaps captured. Please answer immediately.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, June 29, 1864.

(Received 7.55 p.m.)

General MAX WEBER:

Our mail train east passed Sir John's Run about 1 this p.m. and had not arrived at Harper's Ferry at 7. It is reported that the enemy have appeared at Duffield's, and it is possible our trains may

