
have been attacked. Can you inform us what are the facts? Is there a considerable force? Will the road be clear to-night for our express train west? I trust your arrangements are such that you will succeed in capturing the party. Our telegraphic communication west of Harper's Ferry was broken at 2 this p.m. We are, therefore, without later advices. Have you heard from Martinsburg since that hour? Oblige us by giving us as full information as practicable, so that we may give the requisite directions for working the road east and west.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

POINT OF ROCKS, June 29, 1864-10. 30 p.m.

Lieutenant S. F. ADAMS,

Aide-de-Camp:

Captain D. M. Keyes is here in camp. He and Colonel Lowell were at Leesburg to-day. Did not hear anything of Mosby. We are on the lookout to-night for the enemy. All is quiet up to this hour.

R. C. BAMFORD,

Captain, &amp;c.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., June 29, 1864

(Received 8.30 p.m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Gilmor attacked our forces at Duffield's Station to-day at about 3 p.m. cut the wires; no communication west. Cipher to General Hunter here yet.

G. J. LAWRENCE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Bolivar Heights, June 29, 1864.

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you that this morning Lieutenant Lewis, Company B, of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and three men started out to hunt some lost horses, and in the vicinity of Duffield's were attacked, and the lieutenant and 1 man are supposed to be captured; the other two escaped toward Kearneysville. After the rebels left Duffield's, Sergeant Rhodes, of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, returned to Duffield's and states that all the damage done there was the robbing of the store, and the burning of the shanties belonging to the infantry at that post, who were all captured. He did not see that the railroad was injured in the least.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

