
cation with Martinsburg. The rebels appeared under protection of a flag of truce. I sent a force at once to Duffield's by road, and expect hourly a report from them. As soon as received, I can send you information regarding the state of the road, and whether or not it will be clear for your trains west. At the same time an attack was made upon our picket-lines at this place, and we have had heavy skirmishing along our whole line. You express a hope that I may capture the party, but will not be surprised that I answer I fear not, when I tell you that my whole force consists of 108 cavalrymen; the forces of the enemy are between 500 and 600.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, June 29, 1864-9.09 p.m.

PRESIDENT BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD:

The train is all right. It was stopped two miles above Duffield's, and returned to Martinsburg. The track is clear, and the enemy did no damage, save plundering the store and burning the camp and store-houses at Duffield's. You can send your trains east and west. The enemy were provided with three field-pieces. General Sigel has sent a force in pursuit. No telegraphic communication yet with Martinsburg.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

I have ordered the telegraph lines to be restored at once. I have sent additional workmen by our express to-night. I find from various quarters statements of large forces in the Valley. Breckinridge and Ewell are reported moving up. I am satisfied the operations and designs of the enemy in the Valley demand the greatest vigilance and attention.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 161. June 30, 1864.

* * * *

3. The Eleventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, now on duty with Brigadier-General Briggs, at Alexandria, Va., will be put en route at once for Point Lookout, to report on its arrival there to Colonel Draper, commanding post. On arrival of the regiment at that place, the companies of the Tenth Veteran Reserve Corps, now on duty there, will be relieved and sent to Alexandria, to report to Brigadier-General Slough. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HASKIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 75. Washington, June 30, 1864.

1. In compliance with orders from headquarters Department of Washington, Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty in this command, and will report without delay to Brigadier-General Howe for equipment. The company will move to Camp Barry to-day.

