
2. The order for the transfer of the men belonging to the Fourteenth New York Artillery, now serving with Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, is hereby revoked. They will remain with the battery.

3. Colonel Marble, commanding Second Brigade, will direct two companies of his command-one from Fort Reno, One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard, and one from Fort Simmons, One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard-to relieve Company E, Second U. S. Artillery, at Fort Gaines and Battery Kemble, which company has been ordered to report to General Howe. The above-named companies will move to those posts as soon as practicable.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,June 30, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

SIR: I respectfully request, as I have been informed by you that I am to have command of the cavalry in the Kanawha Valley, to be assigned, by order to the command at once, designating in your order the regiments which will compose my command. I wish to commence the reorganization for field duty with as little delay as possible. The regiments originally in the Valley were the Second Virginia Cavalry, Third Virginia Cavalry, Thirty-fourth Mounted Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. The Thirty-fourth Mounted Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Third Virginia Cavalry are nearly dismounted, and my presence will be necessary at Charleston for a prompt reorganization of those regiments. If this command is to be increased, I would request that the Fifteenth and Twenty-first New York Cavalry Regiments be assigned to me. There are in Charleston some horses to be disposed of, and I think I can mount all this cavalry in a very short time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, June 30, 1864-3.15 p.m

Brigadier-General WEBER:

Are the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry armed? The general commanding wishes the guard at Duffield's re-enforced to its former number. Has the scout send from here at 1 p.m. yesterday arrived? General Stahel has been ordered to Staunton. His infantry and some cavalry at Leetown, about 600 cavalry at Darkesville, and 600 at Big Springs, near this place.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

