
ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-THIRD OHIO NATIONAL GUARDS

May 15.- Arrived and reported for duty at Paw Paw.

May 23.- Colonel I. Stough, commanding regiment, was ordered to relieve the detachments of the Sixth West Virginia Infantry, stationed on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, east to Cumberland, Md., by placing one company at Kancock, Md.; one company at Sir John's Run; one company at Great Cacapon; one-third company at Rockwell's Run; one-third company at Numbers 12 water Station; one-third company at Little Cacapon; one company at South Branch; the remaining companies at Paw Paw, W. Va.

ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-FOURTH OHIO NATIONAL GUARDS.

May 27.- Company H was ordered from New Creek to Youghiogheny bridge, near Oakland, Md., to relieve Company D, Second Maryland Infantry, Potomac Home Brigade.

DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA.*

JUNE.

June 5.- The forces under Major-General Hunter met the rebels under General W. E. Jones at Piedmont, defeating them, killing their commander, and capturing about 1,500 prisoners.

June 6.- The forces under General Hunter entered Staunton without opposition, and were there joined by General Crook on the 7th or 8th. After destroying the railroads in the vicinity, supplies for the rebel army, and all the manufacturing establishments in the place, the united forces advanced on Lexington, at which place was destroyed the Military Institute, with considerable quantities of arms and ammunition; proceeded toward Lynchburg, arriving in the vicinity of that place on the 17th, and immediately engaged the enemy, capturing artillery from him.

June 18.- An engagement took place in front of Lynchburg, but it being ascertained from prisoners captured that Early had arrived from Richmond with re-enforcements, our forces commenced their retreat on the evening of the same day, harassed by the enemy a considerable part of the way, and after eleven days' hard marching reached Gauley Bridge, Kanawha Valley, on the 29th.

JULY.

After the return of our forces from Lynchburg, General early, having pursued a considerable distance, turned about and advanced down the Shenandoah Valley, arriving at Winchester on the evening of the 2nd. General Sigel, commanding the Reserve Division, headquarters at Martinsburg, being apprised of the fact, made preparations to evacuate the place and fall back to the strong defensive position of Maryland Heights.

July 3.- The evacuation commenced and by 2 p. m. the main body of his troop, with the wagon train, was on its way to the Potomac River. That night the troops, with the train, crossed into Maryland, taking up position on the north bank of the Potomac River to prevent the crossing of the enemy.

July 4.- The whole force moved by way of Pleasant Valley to Maryland Heights, arriving there the same night. Genera Sigel's

---------------

* Commanded by Major General David Hunter.

---------------

