
MAY 10, 1864.-Skirmish at Lost River Gap, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Jacob Higgins, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Joseph G. Isenberg, Adjutant Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 11, 1864.

Major Myers, of the Ringgold Cavalry, has just arrived here, and reports that yesterday morning about daylight they were attacked at the junction of Winchester and Moorefield pike with the Lost River road from Brock's Gap by Generals Rosser and Imboden, with an overwhelming force; were driven back via the Grassy Lick road, through Romney and Springfield, to Green Spring, where they crossed the river, and are now at Old Town. Rosser and Imboden are reported in Romney this a. m. with a force of cavalry, mounted infantry, and artillery, estimated at from 2,000 to 3,000 men. Colonel Higgins is out of ammunition and forage. I cannot send it to him by train for fear of capture. Have sent to New Creek for ammunition for him, and have suggested to him to move up here at once, when I can supply his wants and get him ready tore cross the river again. I fear Rosser and Imboden intend to attack this place and New Creek, or perhaps move round me and go into West Virginia west of the mountains. Although assigned to this command by order of Secretary of War, it is my understanding that my command is not an independent one, but is embraced still in your department. I shall so act unless otherwise ordered. Colonel Strother can explain to you the exact position of the place where the attack was made. Major Myers says they lost their train, but thinks the loss not severe in men, probably not over 50 in killed, wounded, and missing.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SIGEL.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Jacob Higgins, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CUMBERLAND, May 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I fell back to Cumberland by direction of General Kelley, for ammunition, rations, and forage. I am getting my horses shod, and it will take a few days before my command will be able to move. I burnt the wagons but saved the horses. I have about 40 men missing in all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAC. HIGGINS,

Colonel, Commanding Scouting Party.

Major-General SIGEL.

