
Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Joseph G. Isenberg, Adjutant Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

GREEN SPRING RUN, May 10, 1864.

GENERAL: Our scouting party attacked [by] an overwhelming force of the enemy at Lost River Gap to-day. They captured our train, and up to this time I have no evidence that more escaped than the quartermaster and myself to get here with a small squad. Since we arrived here I have learned that Colonel Higgins has rallied his men on the plains at Romney. The enemy's force consists of Imboden's and McNeill's cavalry, together with a regiment of mounted riflemen. I will await orders.

J. G. ISENBERG,

Adjutant Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major-General SIGEL.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army.

MOUNT JACKSON, May 11, 1864-9 p. m.

GENERAL: I have this moment arrived in position after a continuous ride of eighty miles. I thrashed part of three regiments cavalry in Hardy yesterday, ran them twenty-four miles, killed 5, wounded a number, captured only 13, as they fled to the mountains; captured their train-12 new wagons, and 1 ambulance, 20-odd horses. They killed a great many horses to prevent our getting them. My cavalry is much jaded, and camped to-night on the head of Lost River. They will be here by 4 p.m. to-morrow.

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Staunton.

MAY 11-14, 1864.-Expedition from Point Lookout, Md., to the Rappahannock River,. Va.

Report of Colonel Alonzo G. Draper, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, May 15, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions from department headquarters, telegraphed May 11, 1864, I embarked the same evening with 300 men of the Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, and 13 cavalry on board the transport steamer Star and the gun-boat Yankee, to accompany Captain Hooker, of the Potomac flotilla, in an expedition to the mouth of the Rappahannock for the purpose of destroying torpedoes, &amp;c. The expedition returned to this post on the evening of the 14th, having been completely successful.

