
LURAY, May 3, 1864.

Major General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Private William Lock, Company B, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, has just arrived here from Jefferson, having left the vicinity of Charlestown on Sunday night, 1st. He states that General Sigel marched from Martinsburg to Winchester, reaching the latter place on the evening of the 1st, with a force variously estimated, but supposed by Mr. Lock to comprise some 3,500 men, principally infantry. Bell has gone toward Winchester to ascertain more definitely their force and intentions. Cole's battalion encamped near Charlestown on Sunday, and that evening 150 of them came up to Berryville and went out the Winchester pike. Force at Harper's Ferry reported small. Lock learned from east or west on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad prior to April 29. Nothing had been heard from Averell's command; rumor puts him at Buffalo Gap, menacing Staunton. I send the Daily News of April 25, and this note by Mr. Joseph Crane, the gentleman whose heart is in Luray.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS D. RANSOM.

MOUNT CRAWFORD, May 3, 1864.

(Via Staunton.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Enemy moved from Romney via Wardensville to Kernstown and camped Sunday night. Yesterday occupied Winchester. has placed a good deal of artillery in the fortifications. Force about 3,000 men.

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,May 3, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Dublin:

My two best scouts are just in directly from Averell's camp on Kanawha. They left there last Wednesday. Averell is certainly there. There were eight mounted regiments and eleven regiments of infantry, and others expected from Parkersburg. General Ord was looked for every day to take command. This force is called on the Kanawha River the right wing of Grant's army. Their intention, as expressed there, is to strike the salt-works and New River bridge. I have received your letters of yesterday. There is no mistake about this information. I write more fully to-day. They were expected to move very soon.

JOHN ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

