
President to-day telling me to confer with you and Imboden on propriety of my joining the latter to repel movement toward Staunton. I then sent you my dispatch of this afternoon. Is Staunton the point threatened? Shall I push the forces named in my dispatch to Jackson River Depot to take cars? I can add small force of Colonel Jackson. This will leave Jenkins and William E. Jones with some 4,000 cavalry and 600 infantry, and good supply of artillery, to meet the Kanawha force. My First Brigade could reach Jackson River Depot Friday evening. Have not heard from Imboden. Will sit up to-night to hear from you.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

VERDIERVILLE, May 4, 1864-5 o'clock.

(Via Orange Court-House.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Dublin:

General Imboden reports that Sigel will probably cross at Chester Gap and move upon our left. If you cannot by counter moves occupy him in Valley, leave sufficient troops to guard against movement from Kanawha, and push forward your troops to Orange Court-House, provided Sigel moves in that direction. Ascertain from Imboden purposes of enemy, and act accordingly. Grant's whole army is moving [on] our right, and I am following.

R. E. LEE.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, May 4, 1864.

(Received 4 a. m. 5th.)

General BRECKINRIDGE, Dublin:

I do not know whether Staunton is the threatened point, but all the force sent west seem to have returned east, and are now coming up by Front Royal or the Valley. These are the forces I wish you to meet, or by some movement to draw back before they get on my left. Imboden reports Sigel with 7,000 men approaching Front Royal. Communicate with him, and try and check this Valley movement as soon as possible.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 4, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, Richmond, Va.:

Brigadier-General Jones telegraphs me that you have ordered him to push his cavalry into Tennessee. All reports concur that enemy has retired completely in that region, burning bridges behind him. Mean time everything indicates a movement from Kanawha upon railroad, salt-works, and lead mines. General Jones, at my request, has assembled his cavalry at Jeffersonville, and I was going to the front to-morrow. Shall he change present dispositions? A small party might scout into Tennessee.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

