
Lewisburg. He says that he had just heard that the enemy were advancing, and that their pickets were visible to them on top of Little Sewell, two miles in his front; he further says that their trains were said to have staid at foot of Big Sewell last night. This looks like it might be a regular advance. But as he does not report the number under your telegraph order of to-day, I shall move at the time indicated, unless otherwise ordered by you, or unless I get fuller information from the front.

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

DUBLIN DEPOT, VA., May 5, 1864.

Colonel McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, Princeton, Va.:

Move with all possible expedition by the best route to Jackson River Depot. If you take road by Shanklin's Ferry, I have ordered the new boat from Narrows to be sent there at once. Answer to Narrows.

JOHN C;. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

PRINCETON, May 5, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

The work at this place progresses slowly for want of shovels or spades. If 100 picks could be sent, we can soon make the forts formidable. A man named Pryor is here. He left Charleston last Thursday. The statements of the two men of the Twenty-second Regiment [Virginia Cavalry] seem to be correct. He also states that Generals Averell, Duffie, Crook, and Butler (not the Beast) were at Charleston when he left. He thinks the greater portion of the forces are cavalry, and says they are pressing horses, wagons, and even oxen and harness to haul supplies and mount their men. Pryor was a prisoner, and took the oath, and left for our lines. He has two brothers in my regiment, and has belonged to my regiment himself for a long time.

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

DUBLIN DEPOT, VA., May 5, 1864.

General WILLIAM E. JONES,

Glade Spring, Va.:

Instructions from General Lee oblige me to move east. I have telegraphed General Bragg to direct you in co-operation with General Jenkins to cover the front from Monroe County to salt-works. You will hear to-day. I will leave the Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment now at Saltville.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

