HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Glade Spring, Va.:

GENERAL: Under instructions from General Lee, I have felt it my duty to move Echols, Wharton, and McCausland to Jackson River Depot, en route for the Valley. I go on to-night. Jenkins, with such of his cavalry as he has assembled and mounted, is in Monroe County. Two companies of Partisan Rangers (foot), under Thurmond, are scouting in front of Greenbrier River. Colonel Jackson is in Alleghany County, and should have 1,000 men. He reports to General Jenkins. Bowen's regiment, recently attached temporarily to Jenkin's brigade, is at Liberty Hill. Tazewell County. I leave the Forty-fifth [Virginia] at Saltville. You see that the whole country west of New River is uncovered, and depends on you. There is no force at Narrows, but I have urged Jenkins to send some, and to communicate with you. I hope you will confer promptly with, him for between you this whole front has to be protected. In case of emergency, you must take command of Forty-fifth Regiment and Bowen, information Jenkins. I have telegraphed General Bragg that the removal of your forces under present circumstances will leave the country at the mercy of the Kanawha force. I have no answer yet to this dispatch. I leave in a few minutes for the Narrows, and hope to reach Jackson's River Depot to-morrow. A dispatch to-night would reach me at Narrows. I think you will find no difficulty in getting subsistence at Wytheville and here.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

DUBLIN DEPOT, VA., May 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General JENKINS,

Union, Monroe County, Va.:

I am moving under orders toward Staunton with the infantry. You must take charge of affairs for the present. Communicate with General W. E. Jones at Jeffersonville or Glade Spring, who should have over 4,000 cavalry and abundant artillery. You and he must cover the front. Thurmond's companies and Colonel Jackson will report to you. I have called out reserve forces, and will get a few hundred for Narrows of New River. Look well to that point. If I take Jackson's battery its place will be supplies by Stringfellow, assistant adjutant-general here, will report o you. Answer here and to Narrows.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

I leave Forty-fifth Infantry, 700 strong, at Saltville.

ROCKY GAP, May 5, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS:

GENERAL: I received your communication of yesterday evening. The enemy drove me from cross-roads this morning. They have just driven my sharpshooters off the top of the mountain. Their

