
infantry is now visible, about three regiments. I send a detachment of my company on the road to the Narrows, and will fall back on the Wytheville road and will keep you posted as to their movements. My courier will know where to find you.

In haste, your obedient servant,

J. S. A. CRAWFORD,

Captain.

ROCKY GAP, May 5, 1864-11 o'clock.

GENERAL: Five regiments of the enemy's infantry are in view, and more coming. I was informed by a citizen the enemy were advancing in force on the other road.

In haste,

J. S. A. CRAWFORD.

DUBLIN DEPOT, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHARTON,

Narrows of New River:

Move with all expedition by best route to Jackson River Depot. Take the section of Bryan's battery. If Jackson's battery of horse artillery arrives, leave it at Narrows. Have the new ferry-boat sent immediately to Shanklin's Ferry.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

DUBLIN, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General G. C. WHARTON, Narrows:

Take all your troops and inform General Jenkins, at Union, who will send some force to Narrows at once.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

DUBLIN, May 6, 1864.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Brigadier General J. H. Morgan has been relieved from duty in Department of East Tennessee, and ordered to report to you. Order just received by mail. Colonel King received following order, viz:

Major-General Breckinridge will select two batteries from Thirteenth Virginia Battalion Artillery for duty in the department, after which Lieutenant-Colonel King will proceed by railroad with the two remaining batteries, and reports to General Lee for assignment with Brigadier-General Alexander's artillery corps.

Copy of this not yet sent to you direct. Colonel King very anxious to go. What are your orders in regard to him and Morgan? Dickenson's battery, and not Davidson's will be here to-night. If orders in regard to King's battalion is correct, and you must select one other battery, King desires to take Otey's and Lowry's batteries with him, and will wait your order here. Will inform General Jenkins of the order in regard to Morgan. Large fleet of transports reported at City Point. Seems nothing certain from General Lee.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

