
MAY 7, 1864-1.30 a. m.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Telegraph General Jenkins to retain Colonel McCausland a day if absolutely necessary, and tell McCausland to inform McMahon and direct him to hold transportation.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE.

RICHMOND, VA., May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Bristol, Tenn.:

As soon as Brigadier-General Vaughn's brigade can be properly spared, send it to Staunton, Va., and report the fact.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DUBLIN, May 7, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Just received information that enemy have left Princeton and gone to Rocky Gap. Strength, nine regiments infantry, fourteen pieces, and two companies cavalry.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW.

NARROWS, May 7, 1864.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW:

The enemy has advanced several miles on the Tazewell road. I think they will aim for the salt-works, but send several columns to strike different points. I think the stores at Dublin in danger. If you could secure the necessary railroad transportation, it would lessen the danger in two ways; first, by enabling us to concentrate troops rapidly to defend the place; secondly, by furnishing us the means of sending stores away. If possible, two freight trains should be kept at Dublin, or near, subject to my orders until the emergency is over. Show this to Major McMahon.

A. G. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General.

DUBLIN, May 7, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Enemy five regiments strong occupied Rocky Gap this morning. I am moving stores from this point east to save them. Have notified the various post-offices west of this place. General W. E. Jones at Glade Spring, covering Saltville mainly. Colonel McCausland is detained here by order of General Bragg, until the danger is over. All demonstrations of enemy as yet ar on points west of New River. I presume this place, [or] the bridge will be attacked. They can, after McCausland starts, threaten Jones, hold him in check, and send cavalry here, going back through Rocky Gap or east of the river. No direct advance on Narrows yet reported.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

