
carry them out. Our line of battle just this side of Back Creek. Considered the best position between mountain and this point. Jackson advancing from Union; French at Narrows, blocking road; Twenty-second [Virginia Cavalry] moving in the same direction. Enemy descending Cloyd's Mountain. Pickets been firing two hours; six or eight cannon shots just heard. It will be two hours before the fight opens fairly. Our men in splendid spirits, anxious for the fight, and perfectly confident. Will telegraph from the battle-field.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW.

JACKSON RIVER, May 9, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

We have reached this place. Am informed we will have to march on to Staunton. Men getting very sore footed. We will reach Staunton. Finding no forage here, will have to depend on grass. Will come on as fast as possible.

G. C. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

LYNCHBURG, May 9, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have just received from General Pickett the following dispatch to General Kemper, who is not here:

Have you any forces, or could you collect any, either at Lynchburg, or could any be gotten in direction of Danville? Answer at once; they are much needed at this point [Petersburg].

I have replied that the only reserves of which I have any official information are two companies in Campbell and one in Amherst, which have been ordered by Secretary of War to guard prisoners arriving here.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WOODSTOCK, May 10, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

My scouts sent off on Sunday morning have returned. They report Sigel's whole force on the move up the Valley. He has seven regiments infantry, and from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry. Citizens accustomed to estimating the number of troops reported to them 10,000 infantry, but this I am satisfied is an exaggeration. Persons on the turnpike, who watched them pass, report twenty-eight pieces of artillery. The scouts report about 200 wagons. I have nothing from my immediate from this morning. The scout left their rear yesterday evening, and came up through the mountains.

T. S. DAVIS,

Captain.

