
MOUNT JACKSON, May 11, 1864.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Information sent you yesterday of the strength of the enemy has been confirmed by other scouts. Their force is not over 6,000-2,000 cavalry, and twenty-eight pieces of artillery, and the rest infantry. They moved their main camp last evening up to Cedar Creek. I have not heard from General Imboden.

GEORGE H. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

MOUNT JACKSON, May 11, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Later information of the strength of the enemy confirms my previous dispatch. They have ten regiments of infantry, about 4,000 men, and thirty-one pieces of artillery. Their cavalry is reported at 3,000, but I think this exaggerated. They are now advancing. Their advance is at Narrow Passage Creek, three miles this side of Woodstock. I have not heard from General Imboden.

G. H. SMITH,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA MOUNTED INSTITUTE,May 11, 1864-6 a. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department of Western Virginia:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday by courier was received by me at 9 p. m. Immediately gave orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Shipp, commanding Cadets, to have his battalion in readiness to move this morning at 7 o'clock. They are now forming and will reach Bell's, sixteen miles, to-day and be in Staunton to-morrow. I have issued to them rations for two days, and will send with them 500 pounds of bacon and as much beef as I can find transportation for. I have sixty-four barrels of flour near Staunton. I send 100 bushels of corn for forage. The Cadets are armed with Austrian rifles and take 40 rounds of ammunition. The section of artillery will consist of 3-inch iron, rifled, and the ammunition chests of the limbers and caissons will be filled. I have ten or twelve 6-pounder brass pieces here mounted and one 12-pounder howitzer, if any should be needed. Horses have been impressed for the artillery and transportation, but the horses are slow in coming in. The artillery have orders to reach the infantry battalion to-night.

I have ordered the four companies of reserves to rendezvous here. I will arm and equip them, and hold them in readiness to move at a moment's notice. No commanding officers have been appointed to this battalion. I will direct the commander of the post of Lexington to supply rations, should they be called out. Your dispatch finds me very unwell, but I shall hope to be with you to-morrow. Lieutenant-Colonel Shipp has orders to report to you on reaching Staunton. If the reserve companies are required to move to Stauton, I will have them in readiness to move to-morrow, and shall get transportation for 6,000 pounds bacon from the commissary of Confederate States here.

FRANCIS H. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

