
SALEM, May 11, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

The command has just arrived eight miles from this place. Enemy's cavalry occupied Christiansburg to-day. Crossed their infantry, artillery, and cavalry at Pepper's Ferry, Mrs. Taylor's, and the railroad bridge some two miles from Pepper's Ferry, at 1 a. m. to-day, then encamped. If they advance here in force, I respectfully suggest that this move is intended to co-operate with Sigel and against you. They have been re-enforced by three cavalry regiments. Official papers and private letters are safe and in Lynchburg. Jackson and French not yet up. Nothing heard from Morgan or Jones, except vague reports of a battle, and our success. As Colonel McCausland has his own and Jenkins' staff, I regard myself as a mere supernumerary. Shall I remain longer? Please reply. Mrs. Breckinridge is here and well.

C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALEM, May 12, 1864,

(Received 4.10 p. m. 14th.)

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

The enemy occupy Blacksburg and Christiansburg. They were engaged all day yesterday in crossing New River and moving out. They have been quiet to-day. I am collecting the reserves in this county and will unite them with my present force. I have heard nothing from the direction of Saltville. Averell went that way with a large cavalry force, and Crook is in command of the forces in my front.

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Commanding.

SALEM, May 12, 1864.

(Received 6.15.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Unless re-enforcements are sent Colonel McCausland at once, the Virginia and Tennessee road from Dublin to Lynchburg is at the mercy of the enemy.

ROBT. L. PRESTON.

NEW MARKET, May 12, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Enemy drove in my pickets on the pike, Middle, and Back roads, and have since dashed into Mount Jackson. Has since fallen back, I suspect on purpose to get his cavalry in my rear to-night. I have, therefore, resolved to fall back three miles to New Market, and get in rear of the road by which he would turn my position. Major Gilmor and several men badly wounded this evening, and several horses killed. I have 800 cavalry here, four rifled field guns, and two howitzers. I occupy Luray and Lost River Valley, with cavalry on outpost duty, and not included in above statements of present effective forces.

JNO. D. IMBODEN.

