
MOUNT JACKSON, May 13, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Valley District:

General Imboden's cavalry did not return until late last evening, and I have been unable to take my command from the front. One of my scouts returned yesterday from below, and reports a small Yankee brigade of infantry at Front Royal, also a small force of cavalry at that place, but could hear of none crossing the Blue Ridge. From the best information I can obtain I think there are about 1,500 cavalry and 2,500 infantry, and sixteen or eighteen pieces of artillery in our front at Woodstock. They advanced yesterday, and I was slightly wounded in the back, but will proceed to-day.

H. W. GILMOR,

Major.

HARRISONBURG, May 13, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Colonel Boyd, of the First New York Cavalry, approached New Market by the Luray road this evening, and was attacked by General Imboden. Imboden killed several, took some prisoners, and scattered the residue in the mountain.

H. H. ROBERTSON,

Assigned to Duty with Reserves.

SALEM, VA., May 13, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Staunton, Va.:

The enemy have moved to Newport from Black Spring, their ultimate object, I think, undeveloped. They may return on crossing Salt Pond-turn off toward Staunton. Our troops are moving back to Christiansburg. I am organizing the reserves here; they will be sent to New Castle. Nothing from Jones or Morgan. The difficulties and dangers attending an advance to and cross beyond New River will suggest themselves. Colonel McCausland has not informed me of his plans. I am ordered to remain here to-day and try to bring something like order from this [state] of confusion. I have not been advised with, and deem it presumptuous to offer my suggestions. The result has proved that some of them might have been followed with advantage.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Forwarded to harrisonburg, Va.)

MOUNT CRAWFORD, May 14, 1864-2 a. m.

General S. COOPER:

Dispatch just received. Last night dispatch from Salem represented enemy moving from Christiansburg toward Pearisburg, Giles County, and not advancing toward Lynchburg. I expected to meet

