
gade has gone toward Monroe to observe and report their future movements. Little damage done the railroad, except New River bridge. Lead mines and salt-works safe.

JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHRISTIANSBURG, VA., May 14, 1864.

(Received 9.30 a. m. 15th.)

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Harrisonburg, Va.:

Enemy have left the immediate line of this railroad, but I fear they will attempt to make Monroe a base for future movements. I am starting Jackson and all the reserves I can get. Will soon concert a plan with Morgan and Jones, but the whole of us cannot stop Crook. We do not expect any re-enforcements from Richmond. I keep them posted at Richmond.

JNO. McCAUSLAND.

SALEM, VA., May 14, 1864.

(Received 9.45 [a. m.] 15th.)

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Harrisonburg, Va.:

Morgan certainly whipped Averell badly on Tuesday near Wytheville. French and Jackson repulsed him severely near Newport yesterday. Enemy crossed Salt Pond Mountain into Greenbrier. Jackson gone to watch and harass. McCausland directs me to go to Christiansburg to-morrow.

C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALEM, VA., May 14, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Harrisonburg, Va.:

I have no information of enemy's movements beyond the first-that they have gone to Newport. I have no proof, but report my conviction that unless W. E. Jones crosses up they will operate against you. It seems to be true that Jones whipped Averell on Tuesday, and Averell was slightly wounded in the head, and was in Christiansburg the night of 12th. Colonel McCausland has gone in the direction of Blacksburg. He left yesterday morning without giving me any instructions of his plans or intentions. I write you by Lawrence, and will keep you as promptly advised as I can.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALEM, VA., May 14, 1864-4.20 [p. m.]

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Breckinridge directs me to immediately inform you fully of affairs here. Colonel McCausland's forces returned yesterday in the direction of Blacksburg, from which point the enemy moved on the 12th, and went to Newport. I have no information of their subsequent movements. Crook has twelve regiments of infantry and ten pieces of artillery, and according to a Yankee prisoner, and the

