
command of the cavalry division, that an additional force of 250 men, who had already gone in that direction, would report to me there. When I arrived at Mount Jackson it was nearly dark, and the fore mentioned as having gone to the place indicated was not there, having returned by another route.

On approaching Mount Jackson, and when within two miles of the place, I heard the report of guns to the left of New Market. I went about two and a half miles beyond Mount Jackson with my fifty men, and as I could not accomplish the object for which I was sent (to communicate with Colonel Boyd), I returned, in accordance with orders from General Stahel, to Edenburg. On my way back I met the force who were to report to me at Mount Jackson, and we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 14th an additional force of 300 cavalry was sent me, with the accompanying written instructions. After organizing them properly I proceeded again in the direction of Mount Jackson, leaving sufficient guards at the bridges and culverts in my rear and on my right flank, my left being protected by the river. I advanced from Mount Jackson toward New Market. When I arrived at the bridge over the Shennandoah beyond Mount Jackson I found the planks torn up and removed to the other side. I also saw a force of the enemy at Rude's Hill, in sight of said bridge. I masked my main force behind the hill in rear of the bridge, and after repairing it sent a party of fifty men, under the command of Lieutenant Cameron, of the Fifteenth New York Cavalry, toward Rude's Hill. The enemy showed a force of at least that number on the top of the hill, and, supposing that the whole of General Imboden's command was posted behind the hill (with artillery), I directed the lieutenant to move cautiously, throwing out skirmishers on the left of the road of nearly half his force. This was to prevent the enemy from getting his guns to bear on the whole force on the road. The lieutenant's party moved up steadily, driving in the enemy's picket, who was posted a half mile north of the hill. I then ordered another party of sixty men, under the command of Captain Whitley, of the First New York Veterans, to the assistance of Lieutenant Cameron, with instructions that, should both succeed in forcing back the enemy from the hill, they should occupy it until I came up with the balance of my command. This they did very handsomely. I then moved up the balance of my command and formed them in columns of squadrons on each side of the road, this side of Rude's Hill, and again pushed forward my advance and deployed skirmishers on each side of the road. After moving up, say 800 yards, the enemy with a force of about 100 cavalry, charged upon my advance. When I saw them commence the charge I rallied my skirmishers on their reserve, and with the support of Captain Dolle's party, which I held in hand close by, I met their charging line and drove them nearly two miles, until they fell in with heavy supports. I then made proper disposition of my men. In the mean time I did not show the balance of my command, but kept them masked as stated. I began again to press them until I forced them from point to point into New Market, where they opened on my advance with artillery which was planted at the entrance to the north end of the town. I still forced them back and through the town. At 5 p. m. Colonel Wynkoop, of the Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who had just come up, sent an officer, I think, and directed me to fall back on the cavalry, infantry, and artillery,

