HEADQUARTERS,Near Sweet Springs, en route to White Sulphur Springs.

May 17, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding:

COLONEL: Having received reliable information that the whole force of the enemy is moving toward Lewisburg, via burnt bridge, I have ordered my mounted men to follow in their rear, and am making a forced march with my infantry to the ford at the burnt bridge, with a view to annoy the crossing, &amp;c. It may be, after that is over, that on account of rations I may be compelled to go to Jackson River Depot, where I can get supplies and equip my command, now terribly in need of shoes, clothes, &c. We are on half rations. If, after making every effort to annoy the enemy and find that he is leaving the Greenbrier for the Kanawha Valley, I am compelled to move to the Depot for the reasons stated I hope you will approve the step. I will there await your orders. I now have no train, but will equip one in a few days. The enemy have twelve regiments of infantry and nine of cavalry-that is, the remnant of that number. Have suffered terribly. The whole road is strewn with dead horses, &c. My command has captured a number of prisoners, &c. They have utterly failed to accomplish their object, which was a movement via Lynchburg to the south side of James River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel.

CHRISTIANSBURG, VA., May 17, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Enemy camped night before last at Union, moving toward Greenbreir. General Jones left there this morning. Morgan is at Wytheville. My brigade is here. Jackson and French have gone into Monroe. Jackson will keep you advised from Jackson River Depot. Our movements may be considered successful. Enemy lost 600 killed and wounded at cloyd's, and 200 prisoners; our loss 300 in all. We captured some wagons and horses on Salt Pond. No rations here. I am endeavoring to get them from North Carolina.

J. McCAUSLAND,

Colonel.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA., May 17, 1864-4 p. m.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND:

COLONEL: I have just arrived at this point. I was within one mile of Pickaway Plains last night. Crook was encamped on the road leading to Alderson's Ferry, and Averell at Lynch's Mills. I followed Averell closely, captured 8 Yanks and 3 negroes. Having only six of my men with me (Jackson's men did not go more than ten miles), and having no one to turn prisoners over to, I didn't take any more. I captured about 30 horses, and Jackson's quartermaster took them from the men I left in charge. I have 22 more with me

