
now, but men and horses are completely exhausted. I will have to fall back to get provisions. The Yanks are taking all the flour, meal, meat, and grain they can find, leaving the citizens in a destitute condition. It is rumored here that a train of 300 wagons arrived at Lewisburg on the 15th instant. Jackson retreated from Gap Mills yesterday morning toward Sweet Springs. Major Eakle is at Dropping Lick Church with two companies of cavalry. Before closing I call your attention to the meritorious conduct of Corporal Williams and there privates of my company, who went into Averell's camp night before last, and brought 4 horses out.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. S. A. CRAWFORD,

Captain Night Hawks.
HEADQUARTERS JENKIN'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Narrows, May 17, 1864.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Captain De L'Isle, who has been on Salt Pond Mountain, reports a large amount of property abandoned on the road by the enemy. The property consists of wagons and harness, ambulances, horseshoes, horse collars, &c. As I have sent the greater part of the Seventeenth Regiment off with their horses to have them shod, preparatory to rendezvousing in Monroe County, I have no force left here to collect and take charge of these articles. I respectfully suggest that you make the necessary details from your command for that purpose.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

More than 160 head of cattle have already been collected and driven to Hoge's and Lywork's. I think they will be safer in Montgomery.

Respectfully,

W. H. F.

NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA., May 17, 1864-5 p. m.

Colonel W. H. FRENCH:

COLONEL: I have just received; was within one mile of Pickaway Plains last night. Crook was encamped on the road leading to Alderson's Ferry, Averell one mile beyond Union. It is rumored here that 300 wagons arrived at Lewisburg on the 15th instant. They are taking everything from the citizens. My men and horses are completely exhausted, and will have to fall back to recruit to-morrow or the day after.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. S. A. CRAWFORD,

Captain Night Hawks.

