HEADQUARTERS JENKINS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Narrows, May 17, 1864.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Since my communication of yesterday nothing new has been received from Major Eakle, or other sources, of the movements of the enemy, except the information, unofficial, that General Averells' command joined General Crook's near Union yesterday morning, and that the united force encamped at Second Creek last night. I regard this as reliable. It is also reported that the enemy contemplate the permanent occupation of Lewisburg, at which point they expect to meet supplies from the Kanawha Valley. A portion of the horses of the Seventeenth Regiment reached here to-day, most of them unshod. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Tavenner to move all of this regiment at once to Monroe, except two companies, which I keep on this side of the river until the horses are shod, and the dismounted men to act as a guard at this post. I have ordered him to have the horses shod at the neighborhood shops as quickly as possible, and rendezvous near Union. I shall collect the whole regiment, and the detachments of the Fourteenth and Sixteenth Regiments, already there, at that point, in three or four days at furthest, when I will transfer the headquarters of the brigade to the same place, unless otherwise ordered. I again respectfully repeat the request made in my lst dispatch, that the colonel commanding will have the Twenty-second Regiment, Colonel Bowen, and the detachment of the Sixteenth Regiment, under Major Nounnan, in Tazewell, ordered to Monroe County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 18, 1864.

(Via Milford, 19th.)

General J. S. BRECKINRIDGE:

All the re-enforcements said to be coming to Grant is mentioned [as] Sigel's force. If this be true, you can with safety join me. Ascertain.

R. E. LEE,

General.

RUDE'S HILL, May 18, 1864.

(Via New Market.)

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Scouts came in at 3 a. m. from Hupps' Hill, two miles below Strasburg. Enemy is camped on Cedar Creek. He marched seventeen miles the night after the battle before the camped. he abandoned eight or ten wagons, and burnt as many more. The river rose two feet last evening, and is wholly past fording, and retards our bridge building. Captain Davis refused to forward flag of truce to get dead body of a captain. I am sure it was a trick to find out our position, and Davis did right to send it back.

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

