
STAUNTON, May 18, 1864.

Colonel McCAUSLAND:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. General Morgan was ordered to report to me the day I left Dublin, and unless General Jones is in command as senior officer in the department [sic]. If so, communicate with and report to him. Have report this morning that enemy is still in Monroe. I hope Jones, Morgan, and yourself will drive him out, and that there will be concert of action. The moment you can be spared I want you to join me. Bring the Forty-fifth Regiment to Hanover Junction or elsewhere.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 19, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Staunton:

Is there any cavalry in your department that can be spared for service here?

R. E. LEE,

General.

NEW MARKET, May 19,. 1864.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Enemy still at Ceder Creek last evening. He sent up hospital supplies under flag of truce yesterday. I admitted supplies, but flag party were all stopped at Fisher's Hill till ambulance could be returned to them. Last night tremendous rain and high freshet last evening retarded work on bridge. Ordered Corps of Cadets to Staunton this morning. Will send four field guns to Millborough and Cow Pasture bridge, as soon as possible. Have you any news from Averell's raiders? Thank you for your kind wishes. May new honors crown you in all the future, is the sincere hope of myself and little command, whose hearts you have so completely won.

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

NEW MARKET, May 19, 1864.

(Received Staunton, 1 p. m.)

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

A courier just in from the front. Captain Davis reports that Yankee scout of 150 men came to within three miles of Woodstock last night, and retired in the night to the Four-Mile House, on Fisher's Hill, where their drums could be distinctly heard at 10 o'clock. They seem to have no idea of moving from Cedar Creek, and have circulated a report that they are awaiting re-enforcements. They had forces on the Back and Middle roads yesterday. Sigel bridged Cedar Creek; one span washed away, which, it is supposed, has been reconstructed. My present picket-line is at Narrow

