
JACKSON RIVER DEPOT, May 20, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Yours of the 16th instant is just received. I have forwarded several dispatches to the colonel commanding, and sent a telegraphic dispatch to you this morning. I pressed Averell and Duffie to Greenbrier bridge, near Lewisburg, drowning and killing between 15 and 20. I have 15 prisoners, &amp;c. Colonel Cochran joined me at the close,and is now scouting in Greenbrier County. He will be in the neighborhood of Sweet Springs. I was compelled to come here to procure rations and equip my command. I will be ready for any movement in five days. All quiet in my front and my old front. I am satisfied that Averell and Crook are moving to Kanawha Valley. I am making every effort to ascertain the intentions of the enemy, and have scouts in Greenbrier. Any important information will be forwarded.

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel.

BAINE'S FARM, MONROE COUNTY,

May 22, 1864.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: Colonel Cochran, Fourteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, has just returned from a scout across the Greenbrier River. He went within three and a half miles of Lewisburg, and learned that the enemy was still in force in Greenbrier County. Averell's entire command, he reports, is encamped west of Lewisburg, within two or three miles, except a part of it, which has been sent toward Frankford. Crook's command is also reported to be still there, encamped on the road from Bunger's Mills toward Meadow Bluff. They have the telegraph up from Lewisburg to the Kanawha Valley. Their supply train (a large one) arrived at Meadow Bluff day before yesterday evening. Colonel Cochran drove the enemy's pickets before him more than a mile, until.he was informed by reliable parties that he was within a mile of Averell's camp, from which point he returned with the above information. He regards it as entirely reliable. He crossed at an old ford not much used, which was not picketed. He learns that the telegraph was put up by the force that moved up toward Lewisburg a few weeks ago. I will if he should recross the Greenbrier River and move in this direction I will check his advance as much as possible, or if he should move toward Staunton I will follow up and harass his rear as far as I can.

W. H. FRENCH,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND E. TENNESSEE,Abingdon, Va., May 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: No order has reached me merging the Departments of East Tennessee and Western Virginia, though telegrams have

