
which were then close behind. I then withdrew my command slowly and in good order until I met the colonel's party, and he assumed command. The charge mentioned as made by the enemy took place at 1 p. m., and I kept driving them steadily until 5 p. m.

The number of cavalry under my command was said to be 550, but I left at least 100 of those who had jaded horses along the road to guard the bridges and secure my retreat.

General Imboden, with his whole command, consisting, as I am informed, of about 2,000 men, cavalry and infantry, with six pieces of artillery, was opposed to my less than 450 green and jaded cavalry.

I desire to make special mention of the gallantry and skill displayed by Captain Martindale, of my regiment, and of Captain F. Dolles, Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Lieutenant Cameron, of the Fifteenth New York Cavalry. I have also to recur with pleasure to the undaunted bravery of Dr. Douglass, of the First New York Cavalry, who, by request and permission, led and urged on the troops. The men, too, behaved splendidly and cannot be praised too highly.

In the charge I captured 3 prisoners. The casualties in my command were 1 man of the Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry killed, and 3 of the Fifteenth New York Cavalry slightly wounded. The casualties on the side of the enemy I cannot state, as they had an opportunity of sending their dead and wounded to the rear, but several were seen to fall from their horses.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TIMOTHY QUINN,

Major First New York Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp near Woodstock, May 14, 1864-1 a. m.

Major T. QUINN,

At Edenburg, Va.:

MAJOR: Immediately upon arrival of 300 mounted men, detailed from this division to report to you at Edenburg, you will proceed toward Mount Jackson, throwing scouts on your right, and will endeavor to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy. Any information you may gain will be forwarded promptly to these headquarters. It is desirable you should press the enemy back as far as possible, yet without endeavoring the force under your command. You will be supported by infantry and artillery, which will be sent to Edenburg.

By order of Colonel R. F. Taylor:

JESSE F. WYCKOFF,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

MAY 15, 1864.-Engagement at New Market, Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Composition of the Union forces.

