
RICHMOND, VA., June 7, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c.:

SIR: Brigadier General A. E. Jackson has been, we understand, relieved of the command of his brigade in Western Virginia, and ordered to report to General Joseph E. Johnston. We regret his removal from that department, and, whatever may have been the representations of others, we take it upon ourselves to say that he can be relied on with as much confidence as any officer in that department. He has been badly treated and stripped of his troops for the last year. His full and intimate knowledge of the country, his known zeal, courage, and ability, make his detention in that department the subject of public anxiety. We respectfully request, if practicable, that he be assigned to command a brigade in Western Virginia. The loss of General W. E. Jones, we think, makes it the more necessary and proper.

Respectfully,

LANDON C. HAYNES,

G. A. HENRY.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 13, 1864.

The representations reaching the Department from various sources were that General Jackson had been able to obtain the command of only a few hundred irregular troops, in no wise worthy of the name of a brigade, and that they were ill-discipline and inefficient. In consequence it was thought better he should be transferred to some more important field of operations, where his services could be made more available, and he was accordingly ordered to General Johnston's army, where he is now in command of a brigade. It is doubted whether the exchange asked would be agreeable to General J. himself, while it certainly would not, in my judgment, promote the general service.

J. A. SEDDON.

LYNCHBURG, VA., June 8, 1864-2 p. m.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond:

Just arrived here, cars running off track twice. Find here a four gun battery of Vaughn's command, fully equipped. Will push it on to Charlottesville as fast as possible. Just heard there are only 150 Yankees in Greenbrier, and Averell at Warm Springs on the 5th. This means he was going to Staunton. I telegraphed Vaughn of the re-enforcements, and urged him to hold fast in the best positions, if the enemy advances. I venture to suggest that Morgan be ordered to the Valley.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

48 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

