
RICHMOND, VA., June 8, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Dispatch received. Following are two last telegrams from Vaughn, dated yesterday, from Blue Ridge Tunnel:

General BRAGG:

An escaped prisoner just in reports enemy 15,000 strong under Hunter. General Jones' cavalry brigade, 1,100 strong, has just arrived.

Later.-No movement of enemy from Staunton to-day. I have information from battle-field. We have there 60 wounded. Enemy's loss in killed and wounded, 1,500; they have 1,000 prisoners.

We have a report here that Morgan has gone to Kentucky. G. B. Crittenden, at Glade Spring, in command of department temporarily. Inquire of him.

[BRAXTON BRAGG.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 8, 1864. (Received 9.20 p. m.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Lynchburg:

I was under the impression until last night that Colonel King and his battalion had accompanied General Wharton; on McLaughlin's battalion went. Is King's battalion required? Sheridan's cavalry crossed Mattapony last night. His destination may be the Valley. Keep strict watch.

R. E. LEE,

General.

LYNCHBURG, VA., June 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General VAUGHN,

In front of Charlottesville, Va.:

I hear that Averell was at Warm Springs on the 5th. They may attempt to pass with cavalry through the gaps to the left and south of you, Tye River and other gaps. Watch these and keep your forces well in hand, that we may be prepared to take the offensive when our troops are brought together. I hear you have now a large force of cavalry. It will be well if you can spare a good mounted force under enterprising leaders to operate on their flanks and rear.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General VAUGHN,

In front of Charlottesville, Va.:

Re-enforcements should be in Charlottesville this evening. Communicate with them. If the enemy advances hold fast as long as you can at the best position. I may not be able to leave here before to-morrow morning. Telegraph me fully. I hope you have

