
abundant supplies. Do you need ammunition? If so, of what kind and how much. Please have ready a full statement of your forces and their present organization.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 8, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General VAUGHN,

In front of Charlottesville:

I think the force of the enemy is overrated. Try to hold the line of the Blue Ridge. I will be up to-morrow. You say you are short of artillery ammunition, but do not tell me what kind you need.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE.

P. S.- Inspire the troops. We will soon drive the enemy out or destroy them.

J. C. B.

ROCKFISH GAP, VA., June 8, 1864-4.45 p. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

The enemy advancing, and are one mile from Waynesborough. I have not over 2,500 muskets. I wish you to come soon. General Wharton telegraphs he has forty rounds of ammunition. Send forward as much ammunition as your division will need. I have only a tolerable supply for my force. My commissaries [?] is limited. Crook, Averell, and Hunter have, I think, united their forces at Staunton. They have twenty-three regiments of infantry, and ten to twelve regiments of cavalry, and forty pieces of artillery. General Wharton requires ammunition, .58 caliber. I have sixteen pieces of artillery, but short supply of ammunition. I will hold this position as long as possible, but it is liable to being flanked. I wish you would come immediately, if you have to come on an engine. McCausland and Jackson, I fear, are cut off.*

[J. C. VAUGHN.]

BLUE RIDGE TUNNEL, June 8, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Most of the infantry has reached here. I can get no very definite information from the front. You are very much needed here if the enemy should advance in this direction. Hope you will get here in the morning. The train with McLaughlin's artillery left Beaver Dam at 7.15 this evening.

G. C. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 8, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Glade Spring, Va.:

I have applied to Richmond for Morgan to report at once to assist in repelling Crook and Hunter. General Bragg answers that you

---------------

*Original incomplete.

---------------

