
Fairfield this afternoon with upward of six regiments of infantry and 200 cavalry. If pursued by either column. McCausland will not be able to hold Lexington. The plans of the enemy are developed; they camp to-night at Cedar Grove, nine miles from Lexington, and at Fairfield, twelve miles from Lexington.

"F. H. SMITH,

"Superintendent."

F. T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

BONSACK'S, June 11, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Averell's cavalry, reported 4,000 strong, crossed the North River, eight miles above Lexington, at 12 o'clock last night, and it is presumed entered and occupied the town before daybreak this morning. McCausland, with 1,500 cavalry, skirmished with them several times during the day, but could not impede their advance materially. Averell came from Staunton by the Middlebrook and Brownsburg road, and Crook's infantry force is reported to be advancing by the Greenville and Fairfield road, with no Confederate forces between him and Lexington. Doubtless the Virginia Military Institute is now a heap of ruins. Can you send a force to intercept them and co-operate with the heavy force of Breckinridge in their rear? Buford's Depot, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, is but twelve miles from Buchanan and nearer, too, to the route of the enemy than any other.

JOHN W. BROCKENBROUGH.

LYNCHBURG, June 11, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

The enemy cut the road at Arrington, between Charlottesville and this point, to-day. I think this reliable. I think they are in small force.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 11, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

A telegram has been received by operator here stating that the mail train on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad had been turned back to Rockfish Depot, within four miles of Arrington Depot, and that Major Bell's train had been captured and burned.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Lynchburg, June 11, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Following dispatch just received from Rockfish, dated this morning:

Captain J. B. Jones, commanding infirmary cavalry camps,near Rockfish Valley, ten miles above this place, near turnpike, from Rockfish Gap to Howardsville via this place, arrived here at 12 o'clock with Captain Jones' papers, and reports that a

