
force of Yankee cavalry, and estimated at 1,000 strong, camped within three miles of Captain Jones' camp last night, and that a Yankee rode into camp this morning, taking it for a Yankee camp; he was taken prisoner and stated their force at 1,000 men. They are capturing negroes, and thought to be advancing on this place to burn railroad bridge. They crossed at Dodd's Gap.

J. W. FREEMAN,

Operator.

F. T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, June 12, 1864.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

The dispatches from Western Virginia induce me to invite your attention again to the inadequacy of our forces in that section. By the lowest estimate the enemy now has some 14,000 men. It seems well settled that Pope is to join with 4,000 more. To oppose this, we have under Breckinridge, including all fragments and all arms, about 9,000. Not more then 5,000 of them can be considered reliable. The crude and disorganized mounted detachments, demoralized by licensed marauding in East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia, have already justified the estimate formed of them. It seems to me a pressing necessity to send at least 6,000 good troops to re-enforce Breckinridge.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 13, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I am inclined to think the force of the enemy exaggerated, and our own troops unduly depreciated, but I concur in thinking re-enforcements, if they can be possibly spared, very desirable.

J. A. S.

LYNCHBURG, June 12, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

My scouts deceived me; false intelligence. The enemy are no nearer than New Glasgow; their force this morning consisted of two regiments, the Twentieth [Twenty-first] and Fifteenth New York, and two pieces of artillery, under General Stahel. Major Sweeney met them five miles beyond New Glasgow, but was defeated. Enemy near Glasgow. I have to depend upon scouts, not known to me, for intelligence. The present statement I think perfectly reliable, however.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND E. TENNESSEE,Glade Spring, Va., June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General F. T. NICHOLLS,

Lynchburg, Va.:

I have information of the enemy being at Pound Gap, and am apprehensive of an advance in this direction; there are but 250 of

