
the reserve force reporting to me. It is the only infantry I have to defend the department with, and I object to their being withdrawn, if it can be prevented.

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

ON THE MARCH, June 12, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Forces in the Valley District:

GENERAL: I have information from Staunton that the slaves in the town and its vicinity have been greatly demoralized, and are acting quite as badly as the enemy did while occupying the place. I would respectfully suggest, therefore, that a small force be sent there to aid the citizens left behind who were deprived of their arms by the enemy. Captain Noes with his guard would be quite sufficient.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

KENTON HARPER,

Colonel Reserve.

NEAR FAIRFIELD, VA., June 12, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Rockfish Gap:

GENERAL: The enemy are now at Lexington, camped; not moving to-day. They burned the Institute this morning. They have thirty-six pieces of artillery, so the citizens say. I am now ten miles from Lexington. I send this by two of McCausland's men, who bear a message to you from that officer. Several furnaces have been burned on the river. Nothing from the enemy's cavalry, which crossed the mountain. General Imboden has communicated with you ere this. I sent you a dispatch this morning. We chased three of their scouts this evening dressed in gray. Got one of their horses; the rider got to the mountains.

Yours, hastily,

E. LEE HOFFMAN.

FOUR MILES NORTH OF LEXINGTON,

June 13, 1864-12 m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: The enemy are camped around Lexington with their entire force of infantry and artillery; some on the Lynchburg road, and a considerable portion to the west of the town. One regiment on the Staunton road, apparently on picket. They are resting quietly very near the town. Citizens say they are very uneasy. The cavalry which crossed the mountain has not been heard from. But few McCausland's couriers. Their pickets are one mile from town. Let me know what else I can do. Any further facts will be promptly communicated to you.

Yours, respectfully,

E. LEE HOFFMAN,

Captain, &amp;c.

