
Numbers 3.-Captain Franklin E. Town, Chief Signal Officer, of operations in month of May.

Numbers 4.-Surg. James V. Z. Blaney, U. S. Army.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Infantry Division, of operations May 14-17.

Numbers 6.-Major Henry Peale, Eighteenth Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, Second Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry. Numbers 9.-Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army.

Numbers 10.-Lieutenant Colonel Scott Shipp, Virginia Military Institute, including operations May 11-June 25.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,May 15, 1864-8 p. m.

A severe battle was fought to-day at New Market between our forces and those of Echols and Imboden, under Breckinridge. Our troops were overpowered by superior numbers. I, therefore, withdrew them gradually from the battle-field, and recrossed the Shennandoah at about 7 p. m. Under the circumstances prevailing I find it necessary to retire to Cedar Creek. The battle was fought on our side by 5,500 in all against 8,000 to 9,000 of the enemy. We lost about 600 in killed and wounded, and 50 prisoners.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Strasburg, May 16, 1864.

After the battle of yesterday I retired gradually to Strasburg and Cedar Creek, bringing all my trains and all the wounded that could be transported from the battle-field with me. In consequence of the long line and the trains which had to be guarded I could not bring more than six regiments into the fight, besides the artillery and the cavalry. The enemy have about 7,000 infantry, besides the other arms. Our losses are about 600 killed and wounded, and 50 prisoners. Five pieces of artillery had to be left on the field after being disabled or the horses shot. The retrograde movement to Strasburg was effected in perfect order, without any loss of material or men. The troops are in very good spirits, and will fight another battle if the enemy should advance against us. I will forward the full report, with list of casualties, by letter.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

