
Virginia, for assignment of duty: Major T. Rowland, Capts. J. T. Brown, W. K. Martin, assistant adjutants-general; Lieutenant E. A. Thorne, Twenty-fourth North Carolina Volunteers, ordnance officer.

* * * * *

XXIX. The following-named officers will report to Major General Robert Ransom, jr., commanding cavalry, Department of Western Virginia, for assignment to duty on his staff: Lieuts. J. W. Jones, B. F. Taylor, aides-de-camp.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISA COURT-HOUSE, June 15, 1864-8 a. m.

(Via Gordonsville.)

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Will be near Mechanicsville, Louisa County, to-night, and near Charlottesville to-morrow night. What is the state of things in the Valley? Let me hear from you via Gordonsville. Sheridan's force has been driven back from this place by Hampton. Nothing new from Richmond. Forrest has gained considerable victory in Southwest, and Morgan reported in Kentucky at or near Paris doing good work.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

I except General Breckinridge's command here this evening. The men are almost destitute of shoes and clothes. There is some clothing here in the hands of Majors Richardson and Bell. Please order them to turn over to me part of it. There are no shoes here. Please have sent at once 2,000 pairs.

EDWARD McMAHON,

Major and Quartermaster.

AMHERST COURT-HOUSE, June 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Major JOHNSTON:

Sergt. J. W. Parsons, General Imboden's special scout, has just come in from Lexington, who brings the following information with him as to the movements of the enemy: They moved out of Lexington yesterday morning, the rear guard leaving at 10 a. m. They went in direction of Bonsack's Depot via the Natural Bridge. Before moving from Lexington they concentrated their entire force, which was done on Monday evening. At sunset yesterday he saw from White's Gap fires in the vicinity of Natural Bridge. They spoke boldly of their intentions, that they intended going to Bonsack's,

