
The sooner it is put in execution the better, if it be deemed practicable. At this time, as far as I can learn, all the troops in the control of the United States are being sent to Grant, and little or no opposition could be made by those at Washington. With relation to the project of Marshal Kane, if the matter can be kept secret, which I fear is impossible, should General Early cross the Potomac, he might be sent to join him.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Numbers -. June 27, 1864.

I. Major-General Ransom, commanding cavalry Valley District, is relieved from duty with Major General John C. Breckinridge and will report with his command directly to the lieutenant-general commanding.

II. Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, with the Maryland Battalion of Cavalry, will report to Major-General Ransom for assignment to Jones' brigade, of which Colonel Johnson will take command.

III. Major General J. B. Gordon will hereafter report to Major-General Breckinridge, who will have command of his own and Gordon's divisions.

IV. The following reduction of transportation in this army is ordered, and will be made immediately. The chief quartermaster is charged with the execution of the order, and division quartermasters will act under his instructions: For corps headquarters, one 6-horse wagon; division headquarters, one 4-horse wagon; brigade headquarters, including brigade, quartermaster and brigade commissary of subsistence, one 4-horse wagon; to every 500 men will be allowed one 4-horse wagon for cooking utensils of officers and men. Regimental and company officers must carry for themselves such underclothing as they need for the present expedition, and the remainder of their baggage with the regimental baggage wagons will be stored at such place as the chief quartermaster may direct until they can be brought to the command. The above applies equally to the battalions of artillery as to the regiments of infantry and cavalry. A report of all wagons and animals will be made at once to the chief quartermaster, by whom alone any change in the present arrangement of teams will be made.

By command of Lieutenant General J. A. Early:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 27, 1864.

(Via Staunton.)

General NICHOLLS:

An artillery company of the Augusta reserves is at Lynchburg. I have disbanded all the reserves, and if you can spare this company it had better be sent home.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

