
left in hands of enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Lincoln, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, wounded in the shoulder and captured. One hundred and seventy-one brought back to Middletown, four miles this side of Strasburg, and will probably arrive here to-morrow. A number of wounded left at Mount Jackson, in charge of Assistant Surgeon Allen, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with supplies. Harper's Ferry bridge gone. Supplies here, at Cumberland, and in field, sufficient until bridge is repaired. Will be ready for wounded on arrival here.

JAS. V. Z. BLANEY,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

Colonel JOSEPH K. BARNES,

Acting Surgeon-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Infantry Division, of operations May 14-17.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST INFT. DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA.,Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report of the part the forces under my command took in campaign up the Valley:

In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Sullivan, in the forenoon of the 14th instant, and instructions from Major-General Stahel to take command of three regiments of infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and six pieces of artillery, and march to Mount Jackson to ascertain and feel the position and strength of the rebels under Imboden, reported to be on Rude's Hill, I left camp near Woodstock at 11 a. m. with the First Virginia and Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Regiments of Infantry, and two sections of Battery B, Maryland Artillery. Colonel Wynkoop soon after coming up with 300 cavalry and one section of horse artillery, I ordered the colonel to move forward to Mount Jackson, informing him that Major Quinn. First New York, with 600 cavalry, was already in his front, to take a good position and to reconnoiter until the infantry arrived. At Edenburg I added the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Regiment to my command. At 3 o'clock p. m. Colonel Wynkoop reported heavy firing in his front; at the same time occasional cannon shots could be heard. I ordered Colonel Wynkoop forward to the support of Major Quinn, who was up with the rebels, the infantry and artillery moving close up with the cavalry, Major Quinn driving the enemy's skirmishers steadily. Colonel Wynkoop's command relieved a portion of the forces under Major Quinn as directed, our skirmishers occupying a part of the town of New Market, and the infantry column being now up I selected a position and ordered the artillery to open. Imboden soon answered furiously with his battery. This engagement discovered to me the location of the rebel forces. After dark I turned my line of battle more to the front through Imboden's evacuated camp near the Shennandoah River, across to Smith's Creek, on my left. The command was ordered to rest in perfect order of battle without fires. At about 8 p. m. a line of rebels approached across an open field on my right front with the evident

