
troops remained on the heights several days, skirmishing with the enemy, who made no serious attempt to carry the position. Brigadier-general Howe, having arrived from Washington, relieved General Sigel [July 8] by order of the war Department and assumed command of the Military District of Harper's Ferry, extending from the Monocacy west to Hancock. Soon after Major-General Hunter with his forces reached Harper's Ferry from the Kanawha Valley, and the rebels having gone round by Frederick, Md., toward Baltimore and Washington, he moved to Monocacy Junction; thence returned to Harper's Ferry; thence the forces, under command of Brigadier-General Sullivan, moved to Hillsborough, at which place General Sullivan was relieved by Brigadier-General Crook, who joined Major-General Wright's command, Sixth and Nineteenth Army Corps, at Purceville. The united forces them moved to Snicker's Gap, where the troops under General Crook engaged the enemy. Major-general Wright, with the Sixth and Nineteenth Army Corps, having returned to Washington, Brigadier-General Crook moved up to Winchester.

July 24.- Fought the battle of Kernstown, which resulted in his retreat by way of Martinsburg and Shepherdstown to Harper's Ferry.

MAY 2-19, 1864.- Expeditions against the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

May 2, 1864.- Expedition under command of Brigadier General George Crook, U. S. Army, sets out from the Kanawha River.

4, 1864.- Affair at Callaghan's Station.

5, 1864.- Expedition under command of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, sets out from Logan Court-House.

6, 1864.- Skirmish at Princeton.

8, 1864.- Skirmish at Jeffersonville.

9, 1864.- Engagement at Cloyd's Mountain, or 		Cloyd's Farm.

10, 1864.- Engagement at Cove Mountain, or 				Grassy Lick, near Wytheville.

Skirmish at New River Bridge.

11, 1864.- Skirmish at Blacksburg

12-13, 1864.- Skirmish near Newport, at 					Brown's Ferry, Salt Ponds (or Salt Pond 			Mountain), and Gap Mountain.

15, 1864.- Averell's and Crook's commands 				unite at Union.

19, 1864.- The Union forces reach Meadow 				Bluff.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General George Crook, U. S. Army, commanding Second Infantry Division, Department of West Virginia, &amp;c.

Numbers 2.- Return of Casualties in the Union forces in the engagement at Cloyd's Mountain.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Rutherford B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain.

Numbers 4.- Lieutenant Colonel James M. James M. Comly, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain.

Numbers 5.- Colonel Hiram F. Devol, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Cloyd's Mountain.

---------------

* See also itinerary, p. 5.

---------------

