
purpose to turn the position I ad occupied before sunset. I instructed Major Stephens, commanding First West Virginia Regiment, to allow the rebels to come near enough and give them a volley, which order wa well executed. About two hours later my whole front was attacked and for a few minutes the firing became general. The rebels, however, had to retreat in confusion, losing 5 killed and many more wounded. No further annoyance occurred that night.

At 3 o'clock in the morning the word "attention" was passed along the lines. Scouts and patrols sent forward, who soon reported that Imboden had retreated about midnight. I sent a cavalry force forward on both roads to reconnoiter and ascertain the direction the rebels had taken. The officer in command of one party returned a little after 7 o'clock, and reported that he met the rebels four miles south of New market advancing again, Breckinridge having joined Imboden, which report was corroborated by the citizens and by pickets stationed on the hill-tops, and not right and front. A heavy column of rebels moving directly for my position, then about one mile distant, I ordered Lieutenant Gerry, Battery B, Maryland Artillery, to open on them. A few well-directed shots checked the advance of that column. Major-General Stahel, having now arrived with his cavalry, assumed the command. After some maneuvering, Major-General Sigel arrived also. I was now ordered to fall back some 800 yards to the rear of my first position, and to form the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Eighteenth Connecticut on the right of a battery. The Eighteenth Connecticut was hardly in line when the rebels heralded their advance by their peculiar yell, and advanced in two strong lines, by far overlapping our own. Our skirmishers were driven in, and after a short but resolute struggle this line was forced to the rear, which created some confusion in the Eighteenth Connecticut Regiment, owing to knee-deep mud, fences, out-houses, and stables close to their rear, and the insufficient number of officers to control the movements. I was ordered to bring up the two other regiments of my brigade to the support of a battery on the left in the rear, forming a third line. After some inquiry where these regiments could be found, I learned that five companies of the Twenty-eighth and the One hundred and sixteenth Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under the command of Colonel Washburn, were in charge of the train, and did not leave Woodstock until 8 a. m. They had been halted at Mount Jackson, six miles in our rear. I sent my staff officers to order them up double-quick. They reported to me about 4 o'clock, Colonel Washburn stating that he had ordered bayonets to be fixed to clear his way on the pike up to the battle-field through disgraceful fleeing masses of cavalry and straggling infantry. Directed by Brigadier-General Sullivan, I formed these troops on the right and left of a battery on the pike, covering the retreat of the line of the Second Brigade. The battle being now gradually broken off, the withdrawn troops were ordered to march to mount Jackson and take position on the banks across the bridge. Colonel Washburn, with five companies of the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, one section of artillery, and some cavalry, brought up the rear in good order with little molestation from the enemy. At 9 o'clock I received orders to move my brigade to Edenburg. The brigade was marched to a point three miles north of

