
Edenburg, marching until 4 o'clock next morning. The manner in which this chaotic mass of wagons, horsemen, artillery, and stragglers moved on (sometimes two or three wagons abreast), was exceedingly fatiguing to the infantry, especially to those regiments that marched out with me on the 14th, they having been continually on their legs for two days and nights without a cup of coffee or even meat rations, numbers of them barefooted.

At 11 a. m. on the 16th I was ordered to march with my brigade to the rear. Arrived and encamped at 9 p. m. on the heights south of Cedar Creek.

On the 17th I was ordered to move with my brigade to the north side of the creek.

With few exceptions, both officers and men strove to do their duty, and bore up well against the many hardships and the inclemency of the weather during these days of active operations.

Inclosed pleasure find list of casualties* First Brigade, First Infantry Division, Department of West Virginia, during the engagements up the Valley.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Major Henry Peale, Eighteenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOL. INFTY.,Camp near Strasburg, Va., May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to represent that at 3 o'clock in the morning of May 15 the Eighteenth Connecticut Volunteers, then on picket one mile south of Edenburg, Va., and six miles in advance of the main army, under Sigel, received orders to proceed without delay to New Market, Va., at which place a cavalry fight had occurred the previous day, and which was then held by our cavalry and a small body of infantry, who were seriously threatened by the enemy. The regiment consisted of seven companies (Companies F, I, and H having been detailed under Captain J. H. Morrison, Company I at signal station), marched without breakfast and in a drenching thus traveled was fifteen miles. At the moment of our arrival the artillery designed to discover the position and designs of the enemy commenced operations. The regiment was ordered to assist in the support of Keliser's battery. The position of our forces was on a hill northwest of New Market, and distant from the town half a mile. The enemy soon replied to our batteries from a wooded eminence three-fourths of a mile south and slightly commanding our position. After an hour's cannonading, the regiment was ordered to advance and, with the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers and First Virginia Regiment in support of Snow's mounted

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 7 men killed, and 6 officers and 140 men wounded; total, 154.

---------------

6 R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

