
of our line during most of the engagement, and in the hottest of the fire. How he escaped is a mystery to me. He has done the regiment the honor to compliment it in very high terms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Colonel, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry.

Honorable JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., May 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent engagement near New Market on the 15th instant:

The regiment having marched in the morning from Woodstock, had just gone into camp at Mount Jackson, when I received orders to march rapidly toward New Market. Forming hastily, we at once marched as directed, and in obedience to renewed orders to that effect hastened our steps, and without halting or rest arrived much fatigued on the field. According to your orders we at once deployed into column by division to the left and rear of the Twelfth Virginia, which regiment shortly afterward moved toward the right, unmasking us, and about the same time my regiment was deployed and took position on the left of the First Virginia and on the extreme left of the line of battle. We remained in this position, partly shielded from the fire of the enemy by the crest of a hill in front, until, observing the regiment on my right making a charge in the absence of orders, presuming it proper to imitate their example, I ordered the Fifty-fourth also to charge, which was done with alacrity and spirit. Advancing beyond the crest of the hill, a rapid, vigorous, and, as I believe, effective fire was for some time kept up on the enemy, and every effort made by them to advance on the front occupied by my regiment was firmly and resolutely resisted and proved abortive, although we sustained a galling and destructive fire, in which many of my men were killed and wounded. The enemy, however, pressed forward his right, which extended some distance beyond our left, and was rapidly flanking me in that direction despite the determined resistance, when my attention was called to the fact that the regiment on my right (owing to the overwhelming numbers brought against it) had given way, and the enemy was advancing at almost right angle with my line and extending beyond the rear and right of my regiment. A few minutes only would be required to completely surround my regiment, and in the absence of any appearance of advancing support I was reluctantly compelled to order my command to retire. This was done in as good order as the circumstances would allow, two stands being made by a portion of the command before passing beyond musket-range, and the whole of it finally rallying and forming at a point indicated by the colonel commanding brigade.

