
Lieutenant Colonel John P. Linton was wounded, but remained upon the field rallying and encouraging the men until the final close of the action, rendering most valuable and efficient service.

Captain Graham, of Company E, was killed* early in the engagement, and Second Lieutenant Anderson, of the same company, fell afterward, leaving the company in command of the second sergeant, the first sergeant being also severely wounded.

Captain Geissinger, of Company H, fell mortally wounded, and about the same time Lieutenant Killpatrick, of the same company, was seriously injured and brought off the field.

Lieutenant Colborn, of Company B, fell just as the command commenced to fall back. He was brought to a house in the rear of our line, but finally fell into the hands of the enemy in a dying condition.

Captain William B. Bonacker fell mortally wounded,* I believe, as we were in the act of falling back, gallantly encouraging his men. His conduct throughout the whole engagement was most cheering and encouraging to his men, and his loss is deeply to be regretted. Indeed, the conduct of officers and men throughout was all that i could ask or desire, and entitles them to the highest praise.

The number of officers and men of my regiment in the engagement was 566. Our loss is 5 commissioned officers killed or mortally wounded,and 2 wounded and brought off the field. Of the non-commissioned officers and privates, 27 are known to be killed,a nd 42 wounded, all of whom fell into the enemy's hands. We brought off the field 98 of our wounded. This number does not include some 30 who were so slightly wounded as not to be thought necessary to report.

The inclosed report of casualties will show the rank, name, and company of all the killed and seriously wounded, amounting in the aggregate to 174.+

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB M. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel JOSEPH THOBURN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Infty. Div., Dept. of W. Va.

Numbers 9. Report of Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army.

NEW MARKET, May 15, 1864-7 p. m.

This morning, two miles above New Market, my command met the enemy, under General Sigel, advancing up the Valley, and defeated him with heavy loss. The action has just closed at Shennandoah River. Enemy field across North Fork of the Shennandoah, burning the bridge behind him.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*Error. Graham was mustered out March 12, 1865, and Bonacker October 10, 1864.

+Nominal list omitted.

---------------

