
Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Scott Shipp, Virginia Military Institute, including operations May 11-June 25.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 13, 1865.

His Excellency Governor SMITH:

GOVERNOR: I transmit a very interesting report in regard to the Virginia Military Institute, and, as the Legislature has now under its consideration important matters connected with it, respectfully suggest that it be communicates at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA MILITARY INSTITUTE,Richmond Almshouse, January 11, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to present herewith the official report of Lieutenant Colonel S. Shipp, commandant of Cadets, embracing an account of the part borne by the Corps of Cadets under his command in the battle of New Market, May 15, 1864, with a list of the casualties and of the subsequent services of the Cadets to June 27, 1864. This report, so honorable to the command, will form an interesting historical memorial. I submit also a list of the casualties among the professors and assistant professors of the institution since April 20, 1861, which presents in a conspicuous light the part borne by them in our great struggle.

KILLED.

Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson, professor of natural and experimental philosophy, battle of Chancellorsville.

Major General R. E. Rodes, professor of applied mechanics, battle of Winchester.

Captain W. H. Morgan, assistant professor of languages, battle of Richmond.

WOUNDED.

Brigadier General J. McCausland, assistant professor of mathematics, battle of Monocacy.

Colonel S. Crutchfield, adjunct professor of mathematics, battle of Chancellorsville.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. H. Ross, assistant professor of mathematics, battle of Cross Keys.

Lieutenant Colonel S. Shipp commandant of Cadets, battle of New Market.

Major M. B. Hardin, adjunct professor of chemistry, battle of Fort Harrison.

Major W. E. Cutshaw, assistant commandant of Cadets, battle of Winchester.

