
Captain O. C. Henderson, assistant professor of French, battle of Cedar Mountain.

Captain A. G. Hill, assistant professor of French, battle of New Market.

Lieutenant C. Y. Steptoe, assistant professor of French, battle of Fredericksburg.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Massie, adjunct professor of mathematics, was permanently disabled in consequence of several exposure at the battle of Fort Donelson.

Captain F. Preston lost an arm at the battle of Winchester just before his appointment as an assistant professor of Latin.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Lyell has been recently appointed an assistant professor of mathematics, having received five wounds in battle, and retire from military service in consequence of the loss of an arm.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS H. SMITH,

Superintendent.

Major General W. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS-CORPS OF CADETS,July 4, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to General Orders, No.-, headquarters Virginia Military Institute, June 27, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Corps of Cadets under my command in the field from May 11 to June 25, inclusive:

In obedience to orders from Major-General Breckinridge, communicated through you, at 7 a. m. on the morning of May 11 the Corps of Cadets, consisting of a battalion of four companies of infantry and a section of 3-inch rifled guns, took up the line of march for Staunton. The march to Staunton was accomplished in two days. I preceded the column on the second day some hours for the purpose of reporting to General Breckinridge, and was ordered by him to put the Cadets in camp one mile south of Staunton.

On the morning of the 13th I received orders to march at daylight on the road to Harrisonburg, taking position in the column in rear of Echols' brigade. We marched eighteen miles and encamped; moved at daylight on the 14th; marched sixteen miles and encamped.

At 12 o'clock on the night of the 14th received orders to prepare to march immediately, without beat of drum and as noiselessly as possible. We moved from camp at 1.30 o'clock, taking position in the general column in rear of Echols' brigade, being followed by the column of artillery under the command of Major Mclaughlin. Having accomplished a distance o six miles and approached the position of the enemy, as indicated by occasional skirmishing with his pickets in front, a halt was called, and we remained on the side of the road two or three hours in the midst of a heavy fall of rain. The general having determined to receive the attack of the enemy, made his dispositions for battle, posting the corps in reserve. He informed me that he did not wish to put the Cadets in if he could avoid it, but that should occasion require it, he would use them very freely. He was also pleased to express his confidence in them, and I

