
Numbers 10.-Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Lynchburg.

Numbers 11.-Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan D. Hines, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Coates, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.

Numbers 13.-Colonel Isaac H. Duval, Ninth West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.

Numbers 14.-Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Lynchburg.

Numbers 15.-Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 16.-Major Enoch D. Yutzy, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 17.-Colonel Daniel Frost, Eleventh West Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 18.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Morris, Fifteenth West Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 19.-Captain Daniel W. Glassie, First Kentucky Battery.

Numbers 20.-Lieutenant George P. Kirtland, First Ohio Battery.

Numbers 21.-Brigadier General Alfred N. Duffie, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 22.-Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, commanding

Numbers 23.-Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, of engagement at Piedmont.

Numbers 24.-Colonel Edwin G. Lee, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of operations June 4-15.

Numbers 25.-Brigadier General John McCausland, C. S. Army, of operations June 11-15.

Numbers 26.-Brigadier General John D. Imboden, C. S. Army, of operations June 11-17.

Numbers 27.-Lieutenant General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, of engagement at Lynchburg, and pursuit of the Union forces.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia, including operations June 2-July 14.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Camp near Staunton, Va., June 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on my arrival at Harrisonburg, on the afternoon of the 2nd instant, I found the enemy occupying a strong intrenched position at Mount Crawford, on the North River, where it is crossed by the Valley turnpike, his right at Rockland Mills, and his left at Bridgewater.

I spent the following day in ascertaining the enemy's force and position, and early on the morning of the 4th, after sending a force crossed the Shenandoah at port Republic. This movement was so little expected that we found a large supply train of the enemy at this place, and our advance cavalry captured a part of it, with supplies and horses.

I encamped about one mile south of Port Republic, and on the morning of the 5th, at an early hour, advanced on the Staunton road. At 6 a. m. my advanced cavalry met that of the enemy, and after a sharp skirmish drove them, with a loss of 75 men killed, wounded, and missing. At the village of Piedmont, seven miles southwest of Port Republic, I found the enemy in force advantageously posted. The battle opened with artillery at 9 a. m.,

