1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3777
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SIERRA XROS COMPANY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate:
In Senate 01? the United States,
May 21, 1870.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the llouse of
Representatives to return to the Senate the bill (S.
No. 439) to grant land to the Sierra Iron Company,
Ijasfed by tlie Senate May 20, andsontto the Houso
for concurrence.
By unanimous consent it was ordered that
the bill be returned to the Senate.
PARAGUAYAN INVESTIGATION.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to ;
Resolved by the House,(the Senate concurring,) That
there be printed fifty-two hundred extra copies of
the report of the Committee on Foreign Eolations
relative to the Paraguayan investigation: four thou-
sand of which slmll be for the use of the House, and
twelve hundred for the use of the Senate.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and.also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOSS OF THE ONEIDA.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House one thousand extraeopies of the several com-
munications from the Navy Department in relation
to the loss of the United States steamer Oneida.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BEAMAN. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Post Office appropriation bill, I
move that all general debate on the bill shall
close in one minute after the committee shall
proceed to the consideration of the same. _
Mr. CESSNA. The gentleman from Michi-
gan is not in good health, and I ask him to
yield to me to allow me to call up the South
Carolina, contested-election case, which,I think,
will occupy a very few moments.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am willing that the gen-
tleman shall test the sense of the House in
regard to it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. BEAMAN. I prefer, on the whole, to
have a vote of the House on my motion.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate: and it was agreed to.
Mr. BEAJIAN*. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee oi the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Post Office appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to. .
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cullom in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1828) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 18*1.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the first reading of this bill may be dis-
pensed with. .
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object for
the present. I want to hunt up the bill on my
•file and find out what it is.
The bill was then read at length.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. Before the reading of the
"bill by paragraphs is commenced, I ask unani-
mous consent to have printed in the Globe
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 237.
some remarks I have prepared intlie nature
of general debate upon this bill.
No objection was made; and leave to print
was accordingly granted, [See Appendix. ]
The jreading of the bill by paragraphs was
then commenced, and the following paragraph
was read:
For pay of clerks fti post effi'ces, §2,300,000.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move %o amend this par-
agraph by striking out "$2,-390,000" and
inserting in liett thereof " $2,500,#00."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
"next paragraph was read, as follows :
For pay of letter-carriers, $1,000,800.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend this.par-
agi'aph by striking out "$1,000,000" and
inserting "$1,-250,000." I wish simply to say
in reference to *this amendment that while 1
believe, and I think I also express the senti-
ments of all the other members of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, that the amount
which 1 have proposed in this amendment is
really larger than ought to be granted, never-
theless, unless we have some legislation, which
in fact was attempted during the last Congress,
it will be necessary to appropriate the amount
I have named.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BEAMAN. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has_this bill been
framed and the appropriations in it based upon
thesupposition that the franking privilege will
be or will not be abolished?
Mr. BEAMAN. It has. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That it will be
abolished or will not be?
Mr. BEAMAN. That it will be.
Mr. SARGENT. Is theamount the gentle-
man has named theamount that was agreed
upon by the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. BEAMAN, It is.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. Amendments to perfect
the paragraph are first in order.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Beamaj<] by striking out "$1,250,000" and
inserting "twenty-five dollars," for the pur-
nose of making a few remarks on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself strictly to the amendment before
the committee.
Mr. ROGERS. What is the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The one just moved by
the gentleman from Arkansas. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. I am opposed to this sys-
tem of paying letter-carriers in the cities of
this country until some relief can oe afforded
to the people of the section of the country
where I live. There are many counties in the
State which I have the honor in partto repre-
sent where there are no postal facilities what-
ever. While we have here in this city men
coming to our doors to deliver our letters ^nd
papers at the expense of the people of the
whole country, in many of the counties m the
State of Arkansas there is not to-day a post
office or a mail route. And such I understand
is the fact in regard to the neighboring State
of Mississippi; and also in regard to the State
of Texas. Now, I hold that that is not just, is
not right. I submit to this House that if they
will appropriate this large amount for their own
ease, comfort, an-d convenience, they ought first
to take into consideration the condition of the
people of the South, where to-day they have
no postal facilities whatever. I submit to the
good sense of this House, to the honor and the
patriotism of this House, that they should not
allow an outrage of this kind to go on much
longer. Gentlemen talk about the disloyal
spirit of the people of the South—-— _
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I should like to inter-
rupt the gentleman just long enough to ask him
a question.
Mr. ROGERS. Very well.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I understand that the
gentleman finds fault with this letter-carrier
system, that it does not pay its own .expenses
within the limits assigned to the letter-carriers-
Mr. -ROGERS. Yes, air.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I would like to
have the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Ro-
•gmsrs] state whether his own State pays as much
money into the Treasury o.f the United States
•from the post offices in that State as the Gov-
ernment expends for carrying the mails in that
State ?
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, all we ask
is an equal division of the benefits which this
Government is designed to bestow upon its
citizens. Beyond that we ask nothing, We
claim that as our right; and I know that my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is the
last man on this floor who would asseqf that I
am not justified in the demand I now make
before the country.
The question beingtaken on the amendment
of Mr. Rouisks, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Beaman.
Mr. COX. I move, as an amendment to
the amendment, to add to the paragraph the
following:
And in all cities of over one hundred thousand
people the postmaster is authorized and directed to
add twenty per cent, to the pay of said letter-car-
riers.
Mr. Chairman. I knowthatthelelter-carriers
in our large cities, who trudge their weary
rounds through the winter's snow and under
the summer's sun, are not adequately paid.
They receive from $800 to $1,200, the latter
sum being paid only after a service of many
years, although the business is learned in a few
months. What was said by the gentleman from
Illinois was true, that the revenuesof the Post
Office Department do not come Iroiti the
sparsely populated districts, like Arkansas. I he
great bulk of its revenues comes from the letter
carrying between the large cities and in those
cities. It is only fair and just that the letter-
carriers of such cities as Baltimore, Phila-
delphia, Cincinnati, Chicago, Boston, New
York and New Orleans should have some in-
crease of pay, so that they may live with some-
thing like decency and may he kept Irom the
temptations to which the meager compensation
now allowed them must subject them.
Mr. BECK. I raise the question of order
that this amendment proposes new legisla-
tion. The salary of these officers is fixed by
law.
Mr. COX. The pay of these men is not
lixed by law. The postmasters are authorized
but not directed to pay a certain salary, and it
is within the power of the postmaster of a city
or of the Postmaster General to direct an in-
crease of salary. In the large cities, where
rents are so high, where the cost ot living is so
great, where the services of these men are so
laborious, some increase of their pay is neeoed,
and I hope that my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] will raise his eloquent voice in favor Oi
this increase.
Mr. BECK. I do not claim any eloquence,
but 
Mr. COX. I ca not yield to the gentleman.
Mr. Chairman, wbrO believes that $800 is suffi-
cient to support a man of large family in New
York or Philadelphia?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw the amendment that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. MykrsJ
• may renew it.
Mr. MYERS. I renew the amendment, A
few months ago I introduced a bill amendatory
of the present laws on this subject, providing
that the letter-carriers under the free deln
ery system shall receive an annual salai.v o
$1,200. The worst paid men m the Uimed
