1870.
CON(rRESSIONAL (xLQ^®.
2833
no mail, they have just reversed as ingeniously
and completely as possible the known facts of
the two cases. The mail on the China line is
not, and cannot for a long period to come, be an
element of any consideration. 1 think I shall
be speaking within bounds when I say ^ that in
three months after you have opened this inter-
course with Australia, the mail between Aus*
tralia and the United States will be ten times
s large as the China mail isf to*day j and I
link i speak within bounds when 1 say ten
ns
think _
times. , !
I regret that there should be so much oppo- ;
sition from an influential committee and inHu- ;
ential members of this body to considering
this bill in its proper place, as it seems to me.
When gentlemen say that because it is substan-
tially a measure going to increase commerce it
should go to the Committee on Commerce why
not., then, send all your railroad bills to the
Committee on Commerce. Railroads are great
instruments of commerce. That is their value ;
commerce including not merely the transport-
ation of passengers, but the transportation of
merchandise betweep States j and upon that
theory that committee, which already has its
table overloaded with business, as the chair-
man has told you over and over, would appro-
priate the very largest branch of business that
comes before the Senate in one class, namely,
the entire business of railroads, so far as they
connect or form modes of communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California-will suspend. The morning hour
has expired, and the joint resolution (8. R.
No. 121) authorizing the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company to issue its bonds for the con-
struction of its road, and to secure the same
by mortgage, is before the Senate, and the
pending question is on the rnofion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] to strike out a
certain part.
Mr. CASSERLY. .If the Senate will allow
me, I desire to say that since no other gentle-
man of the Senate has dope it I give notice
that I will offer a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a special committee on this general
subject for the purpose of avoiding the difficul-
ties which seem to beset this particular condi-
tion of the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that might as well
be adopted now. It seems to me this is a great
subject and might be sent to a sppcial cpm-
mittee without further debate.
Mr. MORRILL, pf Maine. I hope not. I
think the standing committees are sufficient.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a special ques-
tion, aud I think it ought to be referred to a
select committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of 
Mr. HOWARD. I demand the order of
the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan has called for the regular order
of the day. It is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make one more
effort to get up the order I offered the other
day to assign a certain time for the consider-
ation of such business on the Calendar as is
not objected to, and I will movp to insert in
the order "Saturday $t one o'clock."
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sepator
from Michigan yield until the Ch&if submits
that question ?
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will yield tp
take a vote on my proposition I suppose ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I cannot yield
for anything.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 11th of March, 1870, calling for "a
list of the distillers making deposits of money
with the collectors of internal revenue for spirit-
meters, the amounts and date of said deposits,
and registered capacity of their distilleries;
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. ITS.
the pumber of meters, their naqies and size
respectively, which have been actually attached
to distilleries, and date and period of said at-
tachment; the names and registered capacity
of distilleries to which attached; the names
of parties furnishing the same, an<l price paid i
therefor, and the' time they were severally in
successful operation. Also, the number of j
meters shipped to distillers, for which the con- ;
tractors received pay. that have never been j,
used, the time when snipped) the amount paid |
severally therefor, by whom, and the reason for j:
their non-use, the total number, names, and !i
size of meters delivered; by whopa, at what j
price, and upon what conditions ;'the amount !'
of money received by the contractor to this !i
date, and the amounts claimed due;" which, j
on motion of Mr. McDonald, referred to il
the Committee on Finance, qpd ordered to be
printed.
JIESSAOE FBOM THE UOPSS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksoN, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent reso-
lution for the printing of two thousand copies
of the report of the Paris exposition, ordered
March 3, 1868, for the use of the House of
Representatives.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S- No. 226) to incorpqrate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medical Society ;
A bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construc-
tion of an act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute, approved May 10, 186G, and
also an act to amend an act entitled " An act
1 to incorporate the National Theological Insti- l
! tute, and to define and extend the ppwers of ;
; the same," approved March 2, 18CT; and
! A bill (S. No. 589) for incorporating ^ ho3-
| pital for foundlings jn the city of Washington-
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND BEITERRBD.
: Mr. FOWLER. I offer the following order:
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Captain ,
Anderson Walker and Br. John Tompleton be with-
• drawn from the files of the Senate anil referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
any adverse report?
Mr. FQWLEIt. I understood not.
Mr. HOWE. Has there not beep an adverse
report in the Templetot) case?
Mr. FQWLE0. I agi wot aware of it. I
have received a !titer from a member of the
other House asking me to have the papers
withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there has been
an adverse report the withdrawal will not be
made; but if on investigation the result turns
out otherwise, the order will be considered as
agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. Very we}l.
PARIS ixpoamos REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution,
received from the House of Representatives :
Resolved, (the Senates concurring.) That two thou-
sand copies of the report of the Paris exposition,
ordered March 3,1868, be printed for the use of the
House.
The resolution wai referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
V NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S- R. No. 121) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secure
the same by mortgage, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Harlan, which
was to strike out the following words, from
line seventeen to line thirty-one:
And in the event of there not being in any State
or Territory in which said main line cr branch may
be located, at the time of the final location thereof,
the amount of lands per mile granted by Congress to
said company within tho limits prescribed by its
charter, then said company shall do entitled under
the directions of the Secretary of tho Interior to
receive so many sections of land belonging to tho
United States and designated by odd numbers in
suoh State or Territory within ten miles on each side
of sai(J road beyond the limits prescribed in said
charter as will makeup such deficiency on said main
line or branch to tho amount of the lands that have
been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by homestead
settlers, preempted, or otherwise disposed of subse-
quent to tho passage of tho act of July 2,1804.
Mr. POMEROY. That clause has been
amended. Does the Senator from Iowa pro-
pose to strike out the amendment already
made?
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment that has
been inserted on the motion of the Senator
from Kansas would be nugatory if that part
of the text which I proposed originally to strike
out should be striclcen out.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the motion, if it
should prevail, would also strike out the amend-
ment which has been agreed tp.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; it carries that
•with it I suppose.
Mr. POMEROY. Then we ought not to
strike it out.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the motion will be
voted down. It will destroy the value of the
joint resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not desire to debate
i this proposition, but I wish to record my own
vote in favor of it; and therefore I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I call now for the read-
ing of the amendment which was adopted on
i the motion I made when the bill was before
1 the Senate the other day.
The Chjpf Clerk. The amendment which
! was adopted was to insert after the word
"branch," in the thirtieth line, the following
words:
To'theamDuntof thelandsthat have been gran ted.
gold, reserved, occupied by homestead settlers, pre-
: emoted, or otherwise disposed of subsequent to tho
passage of the act of July 2, lBiiJ."
, Mr. POMEROY. I ask whether that amend-
1 ment had been adopted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It had been, but
Jhe Senator from Iowa moves to strike it out
j with other words, which is in order.
' Mr. HARLAN. This part of the resolution
is a proposition to enlarge the exterior bound-
aries. i propose to strike it out. The grant
! being now eighty miles in breadth, with a mar-
gin of ten miles under the existing statute, the
proposition of this joint resolution is to further
enlarge the exterior boundaries ten miles on
each side, giving an additional strip of tweuty
! miles. If it ig not to be stricken out, then, of
course, I am in favor of retaining the words
that have been inserted on the motion of the
Senator from Kansas; but if the text that 1
propose to strike out should go out there would
be no pertinency in the amendment, and it might
just as well come out with the other words.
Mr. COLJ3. It seems to me this is a new
proposition. I do not know of any case in
which a railroad bill has embodied a proposi-
tion of this sort. As I understood the amend-
ment as read from the Clerk's desk, it author-
izes the company to go anywhere to get lands
when a sufficient quantity, as provided by the
bill, is not_ found in the State or Territory
through which the road happens to rnn. That
is the purport, as I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all. The original
bill confined the selection within given limits,
and did not allow the company to range beyond
those limits; and that is the effect of the pres-
ent measure.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Michigan
is in error in that, I think. The original bill,
that is, the law of 1864, does give a margin of
ten miles on each side of the exterior bound-
ary of the grant, and this is a proposition to
further enlarge it so as to make it twenty miles.
Mr. HO WARD. The Senator will allow me
