946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
stating the limitation, so that it shall read,
"eighty-five per centum of the gold value of
the bonds deposited."
Mr. SHERMAN. It is now eighty per cent,
of the par value.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, I withdraw that at
present in order to renew it, as is suggested,
when the bill comes back to the Senate. I had
prepared an amendment to come in at the end
of line fourteen, to meet fluctuations in gold
below bonds; but that of course falls with the
other amendment having reference to gold.
Then passing to the next section, which after
the alterations, is section live, I propose to make
it read:
That every banking association formed under
the provisions of section three of this act shall'—
Now comes in the amendment—
beforothe issuo to it of any circulating notes, have
a paid-up cash capital of not less than $400,000,
which shall not thereafter be diminished. It shall
at all times have on hand, in cold and silver coin of
the United States, not less than thirty-three and
one third per cent, of its outstanding circulation,
and two thirds in specie funds, in bills, notes, and
other securities. If at any time the gold and silver
coin shall fall below the proportion above specified,
such banking association shall not make any loan,
discount, or issue of circulating notes until such
proportion shall be restored; and a violation of this
provision shall be an act of insolvency, and every
director participating in such violation shall become
individually liable for all debts and obligations of
such banking association.
The object of that is for further security.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to strike out the fifth
section in the printed bill, now standing as i
section four, and insert as a substitute what
will be read.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; my motion is to
strike out so much as intervenes between the
word " shall" in the third line and the words
"United States" in the fifth line, and in lieu
of the words thus stricken out to insert:
Before the issue to it of any circulating notes,
have a paid-up cash capital of not less than $400,000,
which Bhall not thereafter be diminished. It shall
at all times have on hand, in gold and silver coin of
the United States, not less than thirty-three and one
third per cent, of its outstanding circulation, and two
thirds in specie funds, in bills, notes, and other
securities. If at any time tho gold and silver coin
shall fall below the proportion above specified, such
banking association shall not make any loan, dis-
count. or issue of circulating notes until such pro-
portion shall be restored; and a violation of this
provision shall be an act of insolvency, and every
director participating in such violation shall be-
come individually liable for all debts and obliga-
tions of such banking association.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 47 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton, McCreery, Saulsbury, Spencer, Stockton,
Thurman, and Vickers—11.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Fenton, Perry, llamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trnmbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
Kama anrl WilflftTi jLT
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Gilbert, Howell, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, Norton, Nye, Sprague, and
Yates—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. The sense of the Senate
seems to be so decided against amending this
part of the bill in any respect whatever that I
shall not offer any other amendment to it,
although I had intended to present several,
except one to come in as an additional section
after the last section of the bill as printed:
And be it further enacted, That bonds of the United
States deposited by any bank or banking association
under the provisions of this act, shall cease to bear
interest while they are so deposited, and the fran-
chise of banking hereby granted shall bo deemed to
be payment and discharge of all interest accrued
during the period of such deposit.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nayB were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 46 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton, McCreery, Norton, Thurman, and Vick-
6]NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, M-
mund3, Fenton, Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howell, Johnston, McDonald, Morrill ot
Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull. Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—46.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Gilbert, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pratt,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, and Yates—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to offer the
same amendment just voted upon if the Senate
will allow me to do so, modified so as to make
it apply to all these banks—those now in exist-
ence as well as those to be organized under
this act. I shall have to write it out again;
but I suppose I can offer it written out in full
when the bill comes into the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
offer it now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will not detain the
Senate by writing it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer a verbal
amendment in section four, page three, line
two: strike out the word "three" and insert
the word "preceding," so as to read "the
preceding sectionsection three having been
displaced in its order by an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that change will be made. It is so
ordered.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be added to the first section of the bill:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be
construed to prevent the immediate distribution of
$25,000,000 of the above sum under the provisions
of this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not necessary
at all.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer as a new section the
following amendment:
And be it further enacted. That no banking associ-
ation organized or to be organized under the act
to provide a national currency, secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof, approved June
3,1864, shall in any case chargo or receive upon any
loan or discount a higher rate of interest than seven
per cent, per annum.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amepd the
amendment by saying that all such banks
shall have a right to charge seven per cent.
Mr. WILSON. I would agree to put that
on if it was no more, but in some States they
can only charge six per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the law as it now stands (section thirty of the
bank law) on the subject of interest. It is
not in the nature of debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the
nature of debate, but if there be no objection
the Secretary will report the section referred
to for information.
The Secretary read as follows :
" Suction 30. That every association may take,
receive, reserve, and charge on any loan or discount
to or upon any note, bill of exchange, or other evi-
dence of debt, interest at the rate allowed by the
laws of the State or Territory where the bank is
located, and no more, except where by the laws of
any State a different rate is limited for banks of
issue organized under State laws."
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania has moved an amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. My amendment is that
the national banks shall have the right to charge
seven per cent., and no more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment and the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the proposed section so as to make it read :
That all banking associations organized or to be
organized under the act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States bonds.
and to provide for the circulation and rcdemr,t; 
thereof, approved June 3,1864, shall have the
to charge or receive upon any loan or discount in
terest at the rate of seven per cent., and no more.
The amendment to the amendment w <.
rejected. as
Mr. THURMAN. I move this as an addition
to the amendment of the Senator from JfcSsa.
chusetts:
And any contract upon which more than seven
cent, shall be reserved or received shall be void.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
as now modified, will be read. '
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That no banking asso
ciation organized or to be organized under the act
to provide a national currency secured by a plede^
of United States bonds, and to provide for the circu
lation and redemption thereof, approved June 3
1864, shall in any case charge or receive upon any
loan or discount a higher rate of interest than seven
per cent, per annum; and every contract upon which
moro than seven per cent, shall be reserved or re-
ceived shall be void.
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and navs
["No!" "No!"]
The question being put on ordering the yeas
and nays, five Senators supported the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are not a
sufficient number rising to demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator wants
the yeas and nays, I will vote to give them to
him.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have them.
The question being again put, the yeas and
nays were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 13, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard.CameronjCarpenter,Conk-
ling, Cragin, Edmunds, Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Ross,
Spencer, Thurman, and Wilson—13.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Davis.Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, How-
ell, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer.Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
Willey. and Williams—48.
ABSENT—Messrs.Casserly.Cattell.Lewis, Morton,
Nye, Sprague, and Yates—7.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
following amendment, to come in after the first
section of the bill, and I ask whether it will be
in order:
And provided further. That if after the census of
1870 any State shall be found to have an excess of
property above the average of all the States, it shall
be distributed, at the discretion of the Comptroller
of the Currency, among such States, and no others,
as may have a deficiency; and this distribution shall
take place after any succeeding census.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. That is germane to the
bill. The amendment is in order in that respect.
Mr. DRAKE. It is for the benefit of Ver-
mont, no doubt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By parliament-
ary law the Presiding Officer cannot rule such
an amendment out of order. It devolves on
the body to decide whether they will adopt it
or not.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be offered the bill will be reported
to the Senate. The Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, have had under consideration a
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes. Unless some amendment
shall be reserved the question will be taken on
all the amendments together.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire a separate vote
on the first amendment of the Senator
Indiana, increasing the amount named in the
first section to $52,000,000; and I should like
very much, in that connection, to reserve also
the proposition already adopted on his motion
