2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
to say that I was not mistaken at all. I stated
the substance of the charter. I know that
there are exterior limits within which deficien-
cies are to be made up, and the effect of the
present measure before the Senate is to enlarge
those limits somewhat, in order to give the
company a better opportunity to fill up the
deficiencies that exist.
Mr. COLE. I think in the reading of the
resolution I heard that where the lands were
not within any State or Territory through which
the road ran, in that case other lands might be
taken up to supply deficiencies.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. COLE. Let that part of it be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again read the part proposed to be stricken
out by the Senator from Iowa.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to say, as many
of the Senators perhaps have not noticed this
proposition, that it is simply extending the
lines ten miles further on each side of the grant
within which the company may make selections
to fill up any deficiencies occasioned by lands
having been taken up by actual settlers along
the line through the valleys where the good
lands are. If the requisite amount of land
shall not be found within the present limits of
the grant, then the company have the right to
go outside ten miles on each side of the road
in order to make up that requisite amount of
land. It was the original intention of Congress
to give the entire strip across this country in
order to aid this great work through a wilder-
ness, in order that it might be developed and
built up. Emigrants following this line have
taken up much of the best land along the val-
leys. Now, the company simply ask that they
may extend the lines further on each side of
the road so as to get land which will be less
valuable to them, as everybody must acknowl-
edge ; but they want to make up the requisite
amount in order to aid them in this great work,
having no Government bonds and nothing but
these lands to depend upon to build this great
line of road from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
That is simply the question, and I hope we
shall retain the clause.
Mr. HOWELL. I understand that the ob-
ject is simply this, to state it again indifferent
words: the extension of a land grant which
comprises already all the available land for
one hundred miles wide, to include all the
available land for one hundred and twenty
miles wide.
Mr. HARLAN. That is it.
Mr. HOWELL. That is precisely the state-
ment of the question. If the land is worth
anything, at the price which has been fixed
upon it it will build the railroad as it is, with-
out any addition whatever. If it is worth noth-
ing there is no need io increase the amount,
in my judgment.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield to the Senator from Ore-
gon?
Mr. HOWELL. I do not yield. There is
no propriety in extending this grant so as to
include one hundred and twenty miles wide,
l'or the reason that the effect of the road will
not reach that distance to increase the value
of the land—over fifty miles from the railroad
on either side. Therefore, there is no ground
of principle or of reason on which to found
the extension of this grant.
Farther, having given this company one hun-
dred miles clear across that country already,
tin's addition of twenty, making it one hundred
and twenty miles, prevents the granting of
any more land in all that extensive country
for the extension of any other railroad in the
future, and the people there will be confined
to this monopoly for all time to come. Is that
right, and proper? Is that a proper adminis-
tration of the .public lands, which constitute
the public treasure of the people of the Uni-
ted States, thus to give it all to one company
unnecessarily, thus to cut off the possibility
of other railroads running either east or west,
north or south, through that extensive region
of country? Shall we be forever cut off in the
south from any communication with that region
!j of country by this range of one hundred and
1 twenty miles wide? Shall we never have any
communication with the British possessions by
1 railroad, because this company has monopo-
, lized all the lands and all the rights and fran-
; chises which are necessary to enable us to
build another railroad through all that region
1! of country, thus shutting us out from any
northern or southern route of communication
by railroads, by means of their franchises and
' their grants, so enormous, so outrageous be-
' yond anything in the experience of this coun-
1 try? It ought to be, and it will be if passed,
; the death-blow to railroad grants. The peo-
ple will be aroused to see how irrational, how
outrageous is the greed of these railroad com-
panies and their advocates. I trust, there-
fore, that this measure will not be adopted,
but that the amendment offered by my col-
league will be voted for and adopted by the
Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Iowa tells us that the people will
consider it an enormous outrage to give to the
Northern Pacific Railway Company this grant
of land through this extent of territory, unset-
, tied, an entire wilderness, in order t,o build
j this Northern Pacific railroad across the coun-
. try. Why, sir, this proposition does not give
any more land to the company than was given
before. The Congress of the United States in
1864 gave to this company a strip of land in
1 alternate sections for forty miles on each side
of the road, and allowed them ten miles on
; each side of that line in which to make up any
! deficiency. We simply desire now to extend
| that limit to twenty miles on either side to
i make up those deficiencies. The company
, find that a large amount of the lands all along
! the line nearest to the road have been taken
, up by settlers. They have had six years in
| which to select those lands. The company
' have been struggling to raise the means to
' build this road through a new country. They
have found it impossible to do so until lately.
They believe now if they had the original
grant, if no settlers had gone there and taken
, up the best portions of the land, they could
; build it. Now, they simply ask that you will
j give them lands twenty miles further from the
j road for those lands which have been taken up
! neartheroad. Isnotthatright? Is not that fair?
I As the settlers have the advantage of all the
j best lands that would otherwise naturally have
j gone to the railroad company nearest to the
! line of the railroad, are you not willing to give
i to this company lands further away, that will
I be less affected by the building of the road and
| be less valuable to them? They certainly ought
! to receive something. Certainly the Senator
j from Iowa would not say that if all the lands
j were taken up now within this strip of eighty
, miles they should not have any others in lieu
! of them.
How could the company build the road if
they had no land? If land warrants have been
located along the line of the road, and the best
lands have been taken up by land warrants and
by settlers, where are the company to get the
lands t© build the road? If speculators have
located on the lands along the line, of course
they are to reap the advantage of the building
of the road, and the company will not reap
any advantage if that should be the case. They
simply wish to provide against such a contin-
gency. It seems to me they ask for nothing
but what is reasonable and right under the
circumstances. This is a great public work.
It is a work that is to cost the company
$100,000,000. They have subscribed their
money. They propose to risk their money,
their credit, and their honor in the building of
this road. They have it at heart. They believe
it will develop a vast region of country, and
ultimately the lands donated to them may be
of value to them, and they are willing to wait
for that time in order to be remunerated.
They are willing to wait until they can place
emigration along that line that shall develop
that vast region of country, and bring money
to their treasury and reimburse them fur their
outlay.
If we desire to cripple a great public enter-
prise, then we shall circumscribe them and
confine them to just the amount of land that,
they may pick up within the limits proscribed
by their original charter; but it seems to mo
that would be unjust. This was the first rail-
road projected across this vast region. Other
parties have taken hold of and have built a
central line of road across to California. Those
parties have had a large subsidy from the Gov-
ernment in money to aid in that great work;
they have also had a large subsidy in lands.
The lands are less settled up perhaps along
that route, but probably those companies get
more valuable lands, considering the vast coal
fields on their route; and now we hear of vast
fields of iron ore that have been found on those
lands. I have no doubt that along a great por-
tion of the Central and Union Pacific roads
the lands are better—they certainly are along
the eastern portion of the Union Pacific—than
they are along the line of the northern route
on the average.
Mr. President, here is a vast region of coun-
try yet to be developed. In it will be found
magnificent water- power, lofty hills, fertile val-
leys, and extensive woodland; but all these
are of no avail without a railroad. Without
a railroad, in order to take merchandise to the
interior, and to transport products from the
interior to market, that country is not valuable
except for mining purposes. We cannot afford
to pay from ten to fifteen cents a pound for
taking goods from the sea-board to the interior.
We cannot afford to pay for the transportation
of wheat to the sea board ten or fifteen cents
a pound. Every one who knows anything about
that country, or who has had any business con-
nection with it, knows that the expense of the
transportation of goods to the interior prevents,
to a great extent, the settling up of that regiou
except as a mining country.
What we desire is to open this region to gen-
eral immigration, to the farmers of the coun-
try, to the foreign population who may come
among us and settle up along the line of this
road. I trust that we shall not now, just at
; this time, when this company have a prospect
; of raising a sufficient amount of money to carry
on this work, cripple them, circumscribe them,
: and say they shall not have the grant of land
I which was first contemplated. They only ask
1 in justice to their enterprise that they may have
i as near that amount of land as they can get
within a belt of one hundred and twenty miles
1 in alternate sections. That would be within
sixty miles on each side of the road. You do
' not expect any railroad to come within sixty
miles of this one for a great number of years,
, and we are six or seven hundred miles now
from the Union Pacific railroad. Unless we
can have a road by which we can have access
to the interior of the country, our enterprise
and our commerce will be crippled, and all the
business of the people who have gone there and
settled with a view to the building up of that
country and with the expectation that this rail-
road is to be built. I hope that the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we all admit
that this road is one of national importance,
and the grant of land originally made I am
willing to make good. If settlers have gone
upon it and have taken up any portion of it, I
am willing to go beyond its limits and make up
that deficiency; and I shall so vote. But, sir,
I do not propose to vote for the bill unless the
amendment 1 moved when it was up before
shall be. adopted. If that be adopted I shall
vote for the bill. If not, I shall neither vote
