4722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
westward in the Atlantic States or in the States
of the Mississippi valley claimed to be made a
part of that Pacific railroad ; and instead of
commencing at some one point, as at Omaha,
no less than four separate branches were pro-
jected ; one from Leavenworth west, which
is now called the eastern division or Kansas
Pacific branch; the Central Kansas branch;
the Omaha or Union Pacific railroad proper,
and the Sioux City branch. At least four sepa-
rate roads claimed assistance from the Govern-
ment to join their roads with the gi-and trunk
railroad that was to be run across the con-
tinent.
Now, sir, I must remind the Senate that not
a single one of these branches except the one
that is now a part of the Union Pacific has
ever joined the Union Pacific. The Leaven-
worth road ran west and up the Republican
fork, and has not to this day joined the grand
trunk TJnion Pacific railroad. The central
branch of the Kansas road has not to this day
joined the Union Pacific road, nor is it very
likely to unless it receives some extraordinary
aid from Congress. The Sioux City branch,
instead of connecting with the Union Pacific
by running across Nebraska, ran down to the
east of the Missouri river, and the point of
junction, if it joins at all, is to-day east of the
Missouri river, and the point where it joins is
further east than Sioux City itself.
Jlr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, the point of junction is at _Fr6-
mont, quite a number of miles across the river,
in Nebraska.
Mr. COLE. But the Senator remembers,
perhaps, that there is no junction, in fact, at
hrenion I.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes, Mr. President,
there is. I have seen it.
Mr. COLE. Then it has been built within
a very few months. I have not heard of it.
Mrl HARLAN. It was in running order a
year ago to Fr6mont.
Mr. COLE. I should not like to dispute the
fact with the Senator ; but I certainly cannot
agree with him in the statement. The Sioux
city branch of the Union Pacific railroad does
not connect at Fremont, I am quite certain.
Perhaps the Senators from Nebraska can in-
form us on that point. I appeal to either of the
Senators from Nebraska whether that branch
road does at all connect with the Union Pacific
at the town of Frfemont. I may be mistaken
in regard to that; but I know that Congress
was called upon to render its aid for the Sioux
City road extending down to the other point,
which I believe to be Council Bluffs.
Mr. THAYER. The Sioux City road goes
down from Sioux City to a point named St.
John, about twenty miles above Council Bluffs,
there crosses the Missouri river, runs about
thirty miles, and forms a junction with the
Union Pacific at Fr6mont. It runs from Sioux
City down the Missouri river, east of it, and at
that point is some one hundred miles further
east than it was when it started. It makes
a circuitous route to make a junction.
Mr. COLE. That was the practical point I
wished to bring to the attention of the Senate,
that the point of junction or the point to which
that road received bonds was further east than
its commencement at Sioux City. _ Now, if we
are to join with this Southern Pacific railroad
all the railroads that have been built in the
Southwest, or that are now projected m the
southwestern States, we shall find ourselves in
a similar dilemma to that which followed the
passage of the law in reference to the construc-
tion of the Union Pacific railroad.
f think, withtheSenatorfrom Alabama, [Mr.
Warner,] that we should be content with a
Pac.lic railroad proper, one connecting the
great. Mississippi river with the Pacific ocean.
1 believe a road is now completed, or nearly
completed, from thb Mississippi river to the
town in Texas known as Marshall. Let us,
then have the' road from Marshall west across
Xexas and across 'lite Territories, and across
to California until we reach the Pacific ocean;
but we embarrass the bill by joining with it
roads running through Tennessee, Georgia,
South Carolina, Alabama, and Mississippi.
The portion of the road that is to run through
the Territories is less, in fact, than that which
is to be built through the States that are men-
tioned in the bill.
Some aid has been granted by the State of
Texas to this road—a very considerable aid
as I am informed ; and the road can be con-
structed through Texas without any further aid,
perhaps, than that which has been afforded
by the State. Let us, therefore, continue the
road on a direct line on the thirty-second
parallel as nearly as we can, and not embarrass
the bill by joining with it these numerous roads
in the southern States.
1 am opposed to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Alabama for the reason that it is to
join a road that has no natural connection or
junction, which is required by no necessity,
and should stand upon its own merits, and not
be linked to this grand project of creating
another Pacific railroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is upon the
motion of the Senator from Alabama, upon
which the Senator from South Carolina asks
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPENCER. I call for the yeas andnays.
I will State to the Senate, in explanation, that
this bill proposes to build a southern Pacific
railroad from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego,
California, which has been reported from the
committee with amendments, using the same
language almost as my own proposition, build-
ing roads in Louisiana from New Orleans to
Marshall, and from Cairo and Little Rock to
Marshall through the State of Arkansas, and
from Marshall to Vicksburg. I cannot under-
stand why the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi, lying east of the Mississippi river, should
not stand upon the same footing and have the
same rights in this bill as the States of Louisi-
ana and Arkansas. As I stated before, my
understanding was that the committee con-
sented to this proposition. I ask for the yeas
and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas'20, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron, Cor-
bett,Fowler.llarris,Kellogg, McDonald,Nye,Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riec, ltoss, _ Spcncer, Stewart,
Sumner. Thayer, Tipton, and Williams—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Davis, Drake, Ken-
ton, Hamilton of Mary J and, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, X'ratt, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Willey,
and AVilson—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthonv, Carpenter,
Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds. Ferry, Flanagan, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howell, Lewis,
McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson, Pool, Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz, ShermaD,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, and \ates—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to insert the addi-
tional sections which I send to the Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Sly. —. And he it further enacted. That the Kan-
sas Pacific Railway Company be, and the same is
hereby, authorized to extend and construct its rail-
way and telegraph line from a point on its present
line of railroad, at or west of the town of Bllsworth,
to befixod by tile company, so as to mako the most
direct and< practical line by the way of the Arkansas
and ltio Grande rivers to a. point on the northern
boundary of tho republic of Mexico, and shall con-
nect at the crossing thereof m the valley ol the ltio
Grande with the said Texas Pacific railroad.
Sec. —. And be %t further enact td, That for the pur-
pose of aiding in the construction ol therailroadand
telegraph hue of the Kansas Pacific itail way Com-
pany hereinbefore authorized, there is hereby gra n ted
to said Kansas Pacific Railway Company, its suc-
cessors and assigns, every alternate section of public
land, not mineral, designated by odd numbers, to the
amount ot twenty alternatescctionsperniiieon each
side ot said railroad line, as such lmornay be adopted
by said company. through tho Teriitories of the Uni-
ted States, and ten alternate sectionsof land per mile
on each side of said railroad in any State; andwhere
e\ er on the line thereof the United States have full
title, not reserved, sold, granted, oroihciwiseappro-
priated, and free from preemption or other claim or
rights, at the timo the line of said road is designated
by a plat thereof, filed in the office of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office; and whenever,
priorto said time, anyofsaidsectionsorpartsofsec-
tions shall have been granted, sold, reserved, occu-
pied by homestead settlers, preempted, or otherwise
disposed of, other lands shall be selected in lieu
thereof by said company, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sections, and
designated by odd numbers, not more than ten miles
beyond tho limits of said alternate sections, and not
including the reserved numbers. In lieu of min-
eral lands excluded from this grant, a like quantity
of unoccupied andunappropriated agricultural lands
in odd-numbered sections nearest to the lino of said
road, and not more than ten miles beyond the limits
of said alternate sections, may be selected as above
provided; andtheword "mineral" when it occurs
in this aet shall not be held to include iron and coal:
Provided, /That each and every grant, right, and
privilege herein is made and given upon condition
that tho said company shall commence the work on
the lino of load hereinbefore authorized within two
years from the passage of this aet. and shall complete
not less than fitty miles per year thereafter, and sball
constinct, equip, furnish, and complete the said line
ot road by the 4th day of July, A. D. 1870: Audpro-
vided farther, That the said grant is made upon and
subject to the terms, conditions, limitations, and
restrictions contained in the several acts relating
to said company, and not inconsistent with the pro-
visions thereof.
Sue. —. And be it farther cnacied, That the said
Kansas X'acific Railway Company may increase its
capital stock and mortgage its road and franchises to
secure its bonds to an amount and for sums sufficient
to obtain the money to construct the road herein
provided for; but the preferred use of said road, and
also that of all the other linos of road of said com-
pany, shall be at all tunes secured to tho United
States: and the provisions of law requiring one half
of tho compensation lor services rendered for the
Government by said company to be applied totbo
payment of tho bonds heretofore issued by the Gov-
ernment in aid of the construction of the road of said
company shall apply to the road herein authorized,
and also to all the other lines of road of said com-
pany ; and any surplus of said one half, after paving
the interest on said bonds, shall be paid to said com-
pany ; and no further issue of bonds to said company
in aid of building its road shall be made by the Uni-
ted States.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That as the rail-
road of the said Kansas Pacific Railway Company
herein provided for shall bo completed by sections
of twenty miles the Secretary of the Interior shall,
if the samo has not already been done, causc tho
lands within the exterior limits of the grant to bo
surveyed, and thereafter all the even-numbered sec-
tions and parts of sections of the public lands, ex-
cepting mineral lands within said limits, shall bo
subject to settlement and sale under the homestead
and preemption laws; and all the odd-numbered
sectionsgrauted the company withm the limitsaf ore-
said, except coal and iron lands, and such tracts of
timbered land, and lands containing stone or other
quarries, and lands necessary for stat ions, depots, and
shops, as the said company may designate and reserve
for r.nlroad purposes, shall be open to settlement and
claim under the preemption laws, in tracts contain-
ing not more than eighty aeres or a half quarter sec-
tion, said odd-numbered traots to be paid for at tho
rate of $2 50 per acre. All the moneys received from
the sale of such tracts iu the odd-numbered sections
shall bo paid over by the Secretary of tho Treasury
to the said company when the said railroad is or may
be completed adjacent thereto; and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall, upon tho
completion of any scetion of twenty miles of said
road, at tho request of said company, furnish said
company with a list of all the odd-numbered tracts
within the limits of the giant, and of the selections
to which the company shall be entitled after taking
into account the tracts for which the purchase-money
has been paid to said company, and to which a pre-
emption right has attached, which lists shall vest in
the company the fee-simpio title to said lands, subject
to the right ot entry by preemption settlers as afore-
said ; but this right of preemption shall not prevent
the said railroad company from selling tho granted
lauds to actual settlers, upon giving notice to the
proper United States land officer before a sale of tho
same tract by preemption as aforesaid; and for the
purpose of rendering tho lands within tho grants to
said company habitable and productive by irriga-
tion, the right to take the water from the streams and
materials for construction and maintenance, and all
lands sufficient and necessary for canals, water-ways,
ditches, and reservoirs, and for operating and pro-
tecting the same, is hereby granted to said company;
and all settlements herein provided for, made after
the filing of the map designating the general route
ot the road and the withdrawal ot the lands, shall be
made subject to all the provisions of this aet; Pm-
vuted, That in tho furnishing of water to euUiv.it,,ia
and occupants of adjacent lands, whether upon odd
prcven-numberedscctions.no discrimination shall
be made against any or either of them using water
tor irrigation, but the price or rent for Quantity shall
be upon equal terms to each and all, and tho com-
pany shall not demand or receive a rate of rent or
charge for the watcrwhieh shall exceed ten percent,
per annum upon the cost of construction, mainte-
nance, and superintendence of the irrigating im-
provements herein authorized. And in addition to
the report now required to be annually made by said
company, there shall be added a description and
statement of tho cost of the construction aud main-
