1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
$800,000in liis report. This $160,000 was only
a percentage in cash paid in by each manu-
facturer upon the valuation of his salt prop-
erty ; and to that amount lie became a stock-
holder in the company, to whom he leased his
works for ten years, and the company used
and worked them as their own. The actual
working capital of the cooperative company is:
JIG fmc-salt manufactories &2,200,000
41,000 coarse-salt vats    2,500,000
Accumulated cash, borrowed capital, and
real estate  1,250,000
State property in wells, aqueducts, and f
pump-houses  250,000
Total .$6,200,000
Ot' the large dividends and profits made by
this company much the largest portion was
made during the 3'ears 1862, 1863, and 1864,
when salt went up to five dollars per barrel,
caused by the virtual closing up of the sea-
board ports by the Alabama and other rebel
privateers, the closing of the Mississippi, and
the destruction by the rebels of the salt-works
in West Virginia and Ohio. In 1866 a bonus
of $500,000 was made on the sale of coal mines
by the salt company, purchased in 1862, when
coal lands were cheap, to a coal company,
with an agreement to furnish coal for aperiod
of years at a low figure. Then, again, the
company made large investments for wharves
and docks in Chicago and Buffalo, which have
largely increased in value. I may safely say
that three fourths of all the profits made by
that company from 1861 to 1867 were entirely
owing to outside and extraordinary causes, not
legitimate to manufacturing, and never likely
to happen again.
Since 1867 the legitimate profits will not
average six per cent. All the advantages of
cooperative capital, experience, and system,
since the close of the war have not been avail-
able to the company over an ordinary condi-
tion of manufacturing from the new and well-
developed salt-springs at Saginaw, and in Ohio
and Virginia, which are competing with them
largely and powerfully in every western mar-
ket. The Saginaw salt-works have been almost
entirely brought into their large production,
and Ohio and Virginia works largely increased
by the war and tariff. The result of this stim-
ulation has been to create new discoveries of
both salt water and rock salt, and to increase
the power and amount of production, and to
cheapen the cost, the whole benefit accruing
to the consumer; for to-day the New York
works receive only the smallest amount of
profit; Saginaw complains of making none;
and such also is the general condition of Ohio
and Virginia, mainly owing to the cost of labor.
Domestic competition is hard to encounter;
the result has been to cheapen the article more
rapidly than the manufacturer expected, and
thus destroy his profit.
The small profit made for two or three years
by the Onondaga company has been owing
to a combination of capital, experience, and
system which enabled them to procure coal,
barrels, ba-gs, freight, storage, &c., at cheaper
rates, and to largely increase the quantity made
without such cooperative system. Under
individual competition, as before, the quantity
produced would have been much less, say six
million bushels against nine millions; and the
cost of coal, lumber, barrels, bags, &c., much
more, which consumers would have to pay.
It must be remembered that labor is still high,
and yet the average price of salt is less than
in 1860. What makes this low price if it is
■ not the increase of the domesticsupply through
the competition produced by the protective
policy, for the supply of foreign has diminished?
As the tide of empire is westward our agri-
cultural products are constantly increasing,
which must seek a market in the great centers
of trade upon the sea-board, and it becomes
an important question withgrain-growers how
they shall cheapen, if possible, that onerous
burden, transportation. Our salt is deliv-
ered at Buffalo and Oswego, the great eastern
ports on the lakes, at a very low freight by the
boats upon our canals returning from New
York; at these 1-ake ports our salt furnishes
ballast to return vessels engaged in the grain
trade, which saves time and pays freight;
otherwise stone and sand would have to be
used. Thus saltaids in saving and payingpart
of the expenses of a round trip of the large
fleets of vessels employed in bringing produce
eastward. Without our salt as ballast not
only the time and freight paid by salt, but the
time and labor of ballasting with sand and
stone would have to be added to all freight
going eastward to Buffalo and Oswego. Con-
sequently it is largely the interest of the West
to have cheap ballast, as it cheapens transport-
ation on their productions and saves to them
tenfold more than they pay on salt by the
present tariff. As an illustration, Chicago
alone has received six hundred thousand bar-
rels of salt this year, which makes her the
second salt port in the country.
I have been asked if Onondaga salt is not
sold in Canada. I answer yes, but in lim-
ited quantities, growing less every year, and
is caused by this fact: that the salt-works are
but thirty-six miles by canal from Oswego, to
which place it costs but six cents a barrel to
send it. Oswego is the main port of delivery
for Canada lumber, more than on6 half of all
the Canadian lumber and over four million
bushels of Canadian grain being received there,
and the vessels returning must have ballast,
which they find in salt, easier to handle than
sand or stone, and which they are willing to
dispose of at the lake ports in Canada at cost,
and sometimes less than the cost in Oswego,
which accounts for the trade of salt in Canada ;
notmore than four hundred thousand bushels on
a production of nine millions having been sold
there this year, which coul-d not have been sold
there against the foreign article but for the cost
of transportation from Montreal through the
Canada canal and the St. Lawrence to Lake
Ontario.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
evidently wanted a good subject upon which
to display his ability in opposition to this bill
when he attacked the duty on teasels; and I
am disposed to think and consider him as only
jesting but for the gravity and importance of
the questions he was discussing.
Teasels, or the fuller's herb, bear a burr of
great utility in the dressing of woolen cloths;
they have paid duty for thirty years—twenty
per cent, in the tariff of 1842 and 1846, fifteen
per cent, in 1857, ten per cent, in 1863 and
1865, and ten per cent, in the bill reported by
the committee and now under discussion.
Under protection the French and German
teasel has been driven from our market by the
domestic article. It is mainly cultivated in my
district, commenced thereby an English immi-
grant some years since who found it growing
wild by the road-side, and is natural to a large
portion of the country.
One of the chief elements of cost in the prod-
ucts of Europe is cheap labor—pauper labor—
a people depressed by caste and compelled to
live from the cradle to the grave in destitution
and want. Shall we buy the products ot such
labor, supporting and sustaining it there, or
shall we, by refusing to buy, compel its trans-
fer to our own shores ? If we buy the produc-
tions of cheap labor from Europe we shall be
obliged to pay mainly in gold. Our labor will
not be taken in return. There is no equality
in this. Were all things equal we might defy
the world on free trade; but when centuries ot
government, capital, experience, and cheap
labor, in mammoth proportions, are against us
we should be false to ourselves not to seek to
equalize conditions. One practical fact is
I worth more than a score of theories. _
I Canada is an illustration of the necessity and
! importance of looking alter home industry and
! home interests. Depending chiefly upon Eng-
! land for her supplies of manufactured proa nets,
i under a moderate tariff, her entire agricultural
interests are in a depressed condition, for even
of her agricultural products England takes only
a small proportion. Hence her population is
rapidly decreasing. Looking across the border
she sees her high tariff neighbor in the full tide
of rapidly increasing population and wealth. It
is not strange that she should ask for the removal
of the reciprocity treaty with us; for with it
our markets are open for her grain, wool, cat-
tle, lumber, coal, iron, and salt, free of duty or
taxation, for the support of our local, State, or
national Government, which burdens our peo-
ple must toil under and bear, with the simple
privilege of selling in our own markets on an
equality with our Canadian neighbors, whose
climate and soil are equal to our own and whose
labor is v.ery much cheaper.
I cannot understand why the breadth of a
body of water, whether it be one hundred or
three thousand miles, should change the results
of great principles. Are our European neigh-
bors any more entitled to our markets than
our Canadian neighbors ? The results of our
tariff upon Europe are, in a measure, the same
as upon the Canadas. While the reciprocity
treaty was in operation the Canadas were pros-
perous; now they are depressed, and thou-
sands of her people are seeking homes in the
States. Without the return of reciprocal trade
the Canadas cannot but suffer increased agri-
cultural depression, until in despair of suc-
cessful results from her connection and trade
with England1 the people will rise in their
might and demand annexation to the United
States. The same policy toward Europe is
producing similar results, excepting annexa-
tion, in largely stimulating immigration to our
country. By the depletion of their laboring
classes we add to our prosperity, and in a
measure advance the condition of those who
remain.
Our tariff is not prohibitory. It would be
well were it more prohibitory upon all articles
that we can produce and upon articles of lux-
ury, at least until such time as the balance of
trade shall be equalized. It has not destroyed
trade with foreign countries. Our importa-
tions this year are over $400,000,000, our ex-
portations only $275,000,000; leaving against
us a balance of $120,000,000; quite as large
an indebtedness, yes larger, than our indus-
tries or finances can afford.
Our agricultural products for the last year
amounted to the vast sum of $3,282,950,000,
of which only §275,000,000, about eight per
cent., was shipped out of the country, leaving
out cotton and tobacco, which, being necessi-
ties, no other country furnishing their substi-
tute, demand no return of trade; leaving the
percentage of other agricultural products con-
sumed abroad at only two and a half per cent.
This-small amount of agricultural production
exported (vide Wells's report) " finds its prin-
cipal market in London, the central grain
market of the world, where it comes in com-
petition with the products of the wheat grow-
ingregionsof tiieBaltic, Danube, and Crimea,
whose soil is equally fertile with our own, and
who, from the low cost of labor, " impioved
facilities and cheapness of transportation, from
their nearer proximity to the market, compel
us to sell at their prices," which are always
! cheaper than our own or than we can afford,
' when Providence gives them fruitful seasons.
It is contended by Mr. Wells that it will
require considerable time to change industries
in our country so as to equalize supply and
demand. Our increase of population alone
would contradict this position. Our past his-
tory shows that the changing of labor irom
agriculture to other industries will very soon
overcome this small moiety of two and a halt
per cent, of foreign consumption, and tnus
transfer the purchase of such agricultural pro-
ducts as Europe may want from London to
New York and. other ports. ^
I repeat,with thevastand unlimited resources
of our country in all her natural and matenal
elements which we have hardly commenced
