1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4723
tenanee of all the irrigating improvements made by
said company under the authority of this act, and of
the rents received for the use of the same; and the
Secretary of the Interior may, from time to time,
require further and detailed reports from the com-
panyof all its operations underthe provisions of this
section: Provided, however, That the above provis-
ions, so far as they relate to irrigation, shall be
enjoyed and possessed by the said Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that this amendment
is not liable to the objection made to the one
just voted upon. This is the substance of a
biil which was reported by the Pacific Railroad
Committee on the 18th of March last, to au-
thorize the Kansas Pacific Railway Company,
which has a road running now from Kansas
City, Missouri, or from Leavenworth, in Kan-
sas, to Denver, in Colorado, to deflect abranch
of its line southward through the vaiieys of
the rivers Arkansas and Rio Grande, through
the Territory of New Mexico to the northern
boundary, in the valley of the Rio Grande, of
the republic of Mexico. It has to pass through
a region of country which has no railroad facil-
ities, through a region of country which, unless
developed bythehelpof railroads built with the
aid of the Government, will for many long
years remain, asit has been forcenturies, with-
out anything but a sparse and inconsiderable
settlement.
The Kansas Pacific Railway Company, as is
well known to the Senate, is one of the lines
of railroad which have been aided by the Gov-
ernment. It is in the hands of a strong, able,
and upright set of men. Its road has gone
westward with a rapidity unsurpassed proba-
bly in the construction of railroads, and it is in
acondition now when, ifthisamendmentshould
become a law, it can in less than three years
from this time construct this branch of its road
down to the northern boundary line of the re-
public of Mexico, and open up for development
and settlement a vast extent of country which
has now no communication with the United
'States except over the ordinary roads and by
the ordinary means of conveyance that prevail
in that region.
It will be remembered, too, that the United
States hold a lien on the Kansas Pacific rail-
way for the interest upon the bonds issued by
the Government in aid of the construction of
that road; and there is one feature in this amend-
ment in that connection which should commend
it to the favorable consideration of the Senate,
and that is the express provision in these words:
That the provisions of law requiring one half the
compensation for services rendered for the Govern-
ment by said company to bo apptied to the payment
of tho bonds issued by the Government in aid of the
construction of the road of said company, shailappiy
to tho load heiein authorized, and also to all other
lines of road of said company.
The value of that to the Government is this:
that as the matter stands now this rule applies
only to the road constructed through the instru-
mentality and aid of the Government subsidy,
extending from Leavenworth to Sheridan m
Kansas; but if this amendment should he
adopted and become a law then the Govern-
ment holds its earnings upon the entire road
from Sheridan west to Denver, and upon this
branch from Ellsworth, or westward thereof,
down to the boundary of the republic of Mex-
ico—holds the one half of its compensation on
the whole of those lines as security for the pay-
ment of the interest on the bonds already
issued.
Sir, this is all that I deem it necessary to say
in regard to this amendment, which, as I said
before, has sustained the careful scrutiny of
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
b"en recommended for adoption in the form
of a separate bill, which is now offered here as
this amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. It provides for the con-
struction of a branch of the Kansas Pacific
railroad from a point near the western bound-
ary of Kansas, off in a southwestern direction
across three degrees of latitude to the boundary
of the republic of Mexico. What the distance
is I do not know. Perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri will be able to state the
probable length of this new line which he pro-
poses to construct. Most likely it is not shorter
than three hundred miles.
Mr. SPENCER. It is about eight hundred
miles, I think.
Mr. DRAKE. It cannot be eight hundred.
Mr. HOWARD. It is impossible to surmise
the length of the line as it would exist on the
ground : but let us understand this matter.
The present bill which we have under consid-
eration was the subject of careful considera-
tion and examination by the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad for a long time. The com-
mittee felt desirous of providing for the con-
struction of a Southern Pacific railroad proper,
in order to accommodate that section of coun-
try. They did not see fit to provide for this
branch of the road; nor do 1 think it expe-
dient at the present time to legislate upon the
subject in this bill. It needs further examin-
ation before the committee.
You will recollect, sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair,] as well as I do, the confusion and
obscurity which found their way into the Union
Pacific railroad charter in 1882 m consequence
of the want of an examination by a proper com-
mittee of the various branches which were
finally annexed to the main trunk of that road.
We had the Omaha branch, which is in fact but
a mere continuation to the east of the main
trunk, commencing on the one hundredth
degree of longitude. We had the Sioux City
branch. We had what is now called the Cen-
tral Branch. We had also what was then known
as the eastern division, now known as the Kan-
sas Pacific railroad, and, perhaps, some other
branches. All these branches were annexed
to the main trunk, not by a recommendation
of the committee of the Senate, but during the
discussion of the bill itself, when it was impos-
sible for but few Senators, at least, to under-
stand the subject-matter upon which they were
voting.
I fear the same difficulty will arise from our
action upon this subject. And let it be remem-
bered, Mr. President, that the Eastern Divis-
ion, now known as the Kansas Pacific Railroad
Company, was but a branch of the Union Pa-
cific railroad originally. It was required to
construct its line westwardly from Leavenworth
through Kansas, and thence to form a connec-
tion with the Union Pacific railroad proper,
on the main stem of the road at the one hun-
dredth degree of west latitude. The act was
altered from time to time so as to give to the
present Kansas Pacific road the right to con-
struct its line up the valley of Smoky Hill
fork, thence onward toward Denver, and it is
now by its charter required to form a con-
nection with the Union Pacific railroad proper
at some point not further west than fifty miles
from the meridian of Denver. It is emphatic-
ally a Denver Union Pacific railroad. It, has
as much as it can do, I apprehend, if it shall
use its means with all the ingenuity possessed
by its managers, to finish its line as it is now
required by its charter, and I see no propriety
in authorizing this company to construct its
line off in a southwestern direction to the bor-
ders of Mexico. On its way thither it will
have to cross the line of the Atlantic and Pa-
cific railroad, will it not?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. The Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company was chartered in I860. It
is entitled to a liberal donation of lauds through
the States and Territories—-in the States to
twenty sections per mile, and in the Territo-
ries to forty sections per mile. This amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri
will allow the Kansas Pacific railroad to cross
that tract of country which by the act of 1866
is set apart for the use and benefit of the At-
lantic and Pacific road.
Now, sir, I do not think that the interests
of the country require this legislation; nor do
I think that the interests of the Kansas Pacific
Railroad Company require any such thing at
our hands. If they perform their duties as
required by their charter, and construct a line
so as to form a junction with the Union Pacific
railroad at a point not further than fifty miles
west of the meridian of Denver, they will have
use for all the means that they possess and ail
the talent and energy which they can mustei.
We have been very liberal to the Eastern Divis-
ion. We have legislated for their benefit from
time to time, almost whenever they asked it;
and now, for them to come forward and ask
Congress to grant to them another line of road,
another branch, another fork, three, or four, or
five hundred miles long, to enable them to reach
the boupdary of Mexico, thus holding one fork,
terminating on the Union Pacific railroad west
of Denver, or near Denver, and the other term-
inating on or south of the thirty-second degree
of latitude, on the boundary of Mexico, is, it
seems to me, asking too much. The demand,
sir, is extravagant. And in addition to this
grant, not being satisfied with a donation of
land in the States twenty sections to the mile,
and in the Territories forty sections to the mile,
they ask us to impart to them the privilege and
franchise of irrigating the country. They want
to become not oniy a railroad company, as they
are by their charter, but an irrigation com-
pany.
Now, sir, I trust that this amendment will
not be sustained by the Senate, and I trust that
no other essential amendment will be sustained
by the Senate without a recommitment of the
whole subject to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, in order that they may examine the
subject so as to be able to furnish to the Sen-
ate the necessary information in regard to it.
There is no safety in legislating in the dark in
this way.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I confess my
very great surprise at the opposition on the part
of the honorable Senator from Michigan to this
amendment. He is chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad. That committee
reported the essential features of this amend-
ment in the shape of a bill, and recommended
its passage, and that Senator concurred in that
report.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say a word right here, without intending to
interrupt him.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. HO WARD. Does he refer to the action
of the committee? If he does, he will permit
me to say that it would seem to me hardly allow-
able to state the discussions of the committee
in this body. I think it is contrary to parlia-
mentary rule.
Mr. DRAKE. I have not said a word about
the discussion in the committee. 1 say that the
Senator from Michigan is, as we all know, the
chairman of that committee, and this bill was
reported upon favorably by that committee, and
this is the first intimation from any member of
that committee of any objection to the bill.
Mr. 110 WARD. The Senator will allow me
to correct him there. This is not the first time
that I have expressed my opposition to this
measure.
Mr. DRAKE. It has never been done on
the floor of the Senate, or within my hearing.
Mr. HOWARD. There has been no occasion
for it, because the bill has not been taken up
for discussion.
Mr. DRAKE. It has never been in my hear-
ing that the Senator has objected to it.
Now, Mr. President, here is a proposition by
a responsible company to run a railroad five or
six hundred miles through a region of country
which is almost uninhabited now, and which
does require such a road to develop it; and the
Senator objects to it. I confess 1 cannot com-
prehend why he should object to it. Does he
object to it because it is giving too much to this
company? Well, sir, some other company will
be formed that will come here some time aud
ask to construct this road, for it is one ox the
