1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
for this bill, nor for any other railroad grant
during this session.
I am one of those who believe that these
railroad grants have largely contributed to the
prosperity and growth and development of the
country; that the country is worth to-day hun- 1
dreds of millions of dollars on account ot these
grants : that the Government has lost nothing
whatever by this policy. On the contrary, 1
believe that the Government has sold millions
of acres more under this policy than it would ;
hare done nnder the old policy if it had been
continued ; and the reason is clear and plain
to the comprehension of any man. Instead of
taking these lands out of the world the railroad
grants and the railroads bring the lands into
the world- Instead of taking them from the
landless nam of the country they openthose
lands and brio* them within the reach of the
landless men of the country. There are tens
of thousands of farms in the country to-day
that would not have existed if this policy had
not been adopted.
Now, sir, I am ready and willing to continue
this policy for the interest of the whole coun-
try, and especially the interest of the landless
and toiling men of the conntry; bat I am
opposed to, and I mean continually to oppose
the granting of vast quantities of lands to be
held by railroad corporations at a large price !
and in large amounts. Therefore I am in favor
of providing, when we make these grants,
that the land shall be sold at $2 60 per acre,
at double the old price, to actual settlers; that
the lands shall go into the hands of the men
who are to own and cultivate them, and that
millions of acres shall not be held by railway
corporations year after year for large prices;
for that policy I deem to be against the per-
manent interest of the whole country, and
especially against the interest of the landless
men of the country.
Now, sir, if Senators wish simply to make
up for the lands originally granted to this com-
pany by allowing them to go beyond the ori-
ginal limits, I think that is a fair proposition ;
and the amendment moved by the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] and adopted by the
Senate I deem to be a just one. This is agreat
undertaking. It opens a vast region of coun-
try, large enongh to make several States. I am
told by those who have examined the subject
that the country lying on the line of this road,
extending away up in the British possessions to
the sixty-first parallel, is a magnificent agricul-
tural region. The opening of that region will j j
lead at once to the cultivation of thousands and
tens of thousands of farms; will build up a large
agricultural section of the North American con-
tinent. The building of this road will hasten ;
the development of that region. The lands '
upon this road to-day are not worth a quarter :
ot' a dollar an acre, and would not sell for that. !
Build this road and the lands will be worth two,
three, four, or five dollars an acre on each side
of the road for forty, fifty, or perhaps sixty
miles; andmuchoftbelandwouldbringahigher
price. It would add to the wealth of the country
to build th# road. I want to encourage it. But
I put my foot down now, and I give notice
to all the friends of railway grants, wherever ,
they may be, that I will vote for no railroad
grant unless it is determined and settled, to
begin with, that the land shall be sold to actual
settlers at $2 50 per acre. I care not so much t
as to the amonnt of land granted, for granting '
lands, if they are to be brought into market at ;
a low rate, does not take them away from the
poor people of the country, but helps the poor
people of the country to get lands. But if
these grants are to be held by the million,
either by private persons as speculators, or held
by railroad companies, the policy is against
the interests of this country, and it is time to
stop it and put an end to it. I will vote for no
land grant in which this amendment is not in-
corporated, either now or at any future time.
Mr. HARLAN. If that is the honorable
Senator's purpose, this is a good place to begin
the application of the principle. This bill does
contain a new grant, a grant to build a branch
road "from some convenient point on its main
trunk line across the Cascade mountains." I
do not know where that is.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that I moved an amendment the
other day to make the price $2 60 per acre for
all the additional land granted by this bill, and
it was voted down; but I intend to renew it
when we come into the Senate. If that amend-
ment should be adopted I intend to vote for
the bill. If it should not be adopted, I intend
to vote against the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say in addition that
the provisions of this bill, if this amendment
should not be carried, will not only grant de
novo to this branch line, which may be any
number of hundred miles long, the alternate
sections of land within a strip of country fifty
miles wide on each side, but will also- carry
the additional margin of ten miles outside of
these exterior limits, making it one hundred
and twenty miles within the lerritory of Wash-
ington. It seems to me that it is a very ex-
travagant proposition.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Senator
that a portion of the branch would be on the
Oregon side. The branch is from Portland to
Puget sound. The Columbia river separates
the two, and it must be built along there. Con-
sequently it would be less in the State of Ore-
gon than it would in Washington Territory.
There is more land given in the Territories by
the bill than in the States, is there not?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; just twice as much.
Mr. RAMSEY. Surely the Senator from
Iowa doe3 not wish to create the impression
on the minds of Senators that there is ten miles
in width of additional land given to this com-
pany?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly I do; one half on
6&ch side
Mr. RAMSEY. Additional land given?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. HARLAN. Within the meaning of all
railroad land grants.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa
will proceed without interruption, except with
his consent.
Mr. HARLAN. It is no interruption. I
desire to be right, and doubtless the honorable
Senator himself does.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to say that the land
on the line of this road from Portland to Puget
sound is settled up. That valley was settled up
by the early settlers of Oregon and Washington,
and the most of the lands that the company
will get there will run back well into the hilly
or mountainous portion of the country. They
will get but very few lands in the valley or the
prairie. They will receive overflowed lands,
principally in the mountainous or hilly portion
of the country.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator does
not know where the road will be located on the
Pacific slope. He does not know whether any
considerable part of it will be in Oregon or
not, no location having been made. The prob-
ability is that the larger part of the line on the
Pacific slope will be in the Territories. It will
be the interest of the company to locate it
within the Territories if they can. They prob-
ably will diverge north for the very purpose of
securing the largest possible part of their line
within the Territory of Washington, for the
reason that so much of it as shall lie in the
Territory will carry with it double the quantity
of land. So the Senator cannot say now where
the road will be located; whether one hundred
miles, or fifty miles, or two hundred miles will
be within the limits of his own State. It has
not been located.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Senator
that we know the width of the country between
the Cascade mountains and the Columbia river.
The bill provides that this branch shall be built
from Portland to the souud, and it has got to
go from Portland to the sound along this val-
ley. They cannot run up into the mountains.
There is no more than that strip of country
there, and that is principally taken up by
settlers.
Mr. HARLAN. I am speaking of the main
trunk line which will, it is supposed, be located
in a general course from east to west. They
may diverge a hundred or two hundred miles
further north or further south, as they may find
it their interest to do on account of more or
less favorable grades or more or less favorable
lands on each side of the road. As the road
has not been located, as no line has been estab-
lished, it is impossible for the honorable Sen-
ator to know what proportion of the line will
finally be located within the limits of his own
State. The maps I have examined, on which
lines have been drawn as I suppose by par-
ties interested in this work, draw the line north
of the north line of Oregon as far as it is prac-
ticable to run north of that line, down to a
point a little northeast of the city of Portland ;
and if the topography of the country will per-
mit it, they doubtless will locate north of the
State of Oregon nearly all of the trunk line,
for the reason that they get double the quan-
tity of land within the Territories that they
obtain on the portion that will lie within the
limits of a State.
But the point I was making was that nobody
knows now, or can know from the phraseology
of this bill, what the length of the branch road
will be, for the construction of which a new
grant is made in this bill, and it is to that point
that I was calling the attention of the Senate.
The phraseology is:
And also to locate and construct, under the pro-
visions and with the privileges and duties provided
for in its act of incorporation and the amendments
thereto, its main road to some point on Puget sound,
via the valley of the Colninbia river, with the right
to locato and construct its branch from some con-
venient point on its main trunk line aoross the Cas-
cade mountains, to Puget sound.
Where the point of divergence from the main
trunk line will be nobody can tell. It is to be
from some convenient point on the main trunk
line, and they are to construct a branch road
to Puget sound. What the length of the branch
road will be nobody can tell. It may be one
hundred, two hundred, five hundred, or a
thousand miles. It is only to be " from some
convenient point on its main trunk line."
The grant made by the provisions of this bill
by its references is the grant contained in the
original charter, being forty sections of land
for each mile of road, with the privilege of
going out ten miles on each side to make up
deficiencies. Then the provisions of this bill
come in, the phraseology which I propose to
strike out, giving an additional margin on this
branch road. Why, sir, the grant for the
branch road is in itself a gigantic proposition.
It proposes to give for the construction of the
branch road all the available land, as my hon-
orable colleague stated, to be found within a
breadth of fifty miles on each side, and in ad-
dition all that can be found within an additional
strip of twenty miles, so that this new grant is
of all the available land that can be found within
a strip of one hundred and twenty miles for
every mile of the branch road.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Iowa allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa, what undoubtedly has not. escaped
his attention, although he has not referred to
it this morning, that the present measure does,
in the most effective feature, leave that very
question which he has been mentioning as an
objection to this road, namely, the extreme
indefiniteness of the country through which the
branch road is to run, in a much worse con-
dition than the original act, because by the
first section of the original act the point of
divergence of that branch line from the main
trunk was fixed at not more than three hun-
