1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
to recall $18,000,000 from the Statea having
an excess. I want to hare those two amend-
ments reserved.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to hare reserved
the third section as the bill now stands, and
also the amendment made to the toira section
of the printed bill, or the fourth section as it
now stands, allowing the issue of ninety per
cent, on the par value of bonds deposited.
Those two amendments I desire to nave re-
*The VlCE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this reserves all the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary will
report the first amendment.
The Chief Cle*k. The first amendment
accepted, is in line three of section one to
■Hike out "forty-five" before "millions"
and insert li fifty-two."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the amendment
increasing the amount from $43,000,000 to
$52,000,000. I propose to amend the amend-
ment recalling $13,000,000 from the States
having an excess, to raise that amount to
$20,000,000; and I hope the question will be
taken on that first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the order can be inverted, but the
amendment which has been read comes first
in order in the bill.
llr. SHERMAN. I ask consent to make an
explanation of what I design.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a very important
bill; one which I do not think we all understand
very well 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to see it
printed as it now stands.
Mr. CAMERON. I was about to move that
it be printed and laid on the table to-morrow
morning in its present shape, and that we take
the vote to-iuorrow. Let us see what it is in
effect. 1 make that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Without releasing the
understanding that we vote without debate?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania suggests that the bill be
printed and go over until to-morrow at one
o'clock, under the same understanding as has
prevailed to-day prohibiting debate, but allow-
ing amendments to be offered. Is there objec-
tion to that understanding ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the understanding; bnt I think it very import-
ant on such a bill as this, that the chairman
of the committee should be allowed to state
the effect of the amendments. Here are two
amendments coming np, and we cannot nnder-
stand them as it is.
Mr. STEWART. Ifhe states diem we can
understand them in a minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that ought to be
permitted, under the understanding.
Mr. CONKLING. If others understand
them differently, I suppose they too are to state
their understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no difficulty in
regard to understanding the amendment. The
proposition 1 made was a simple one—no, I
will not make it; I will not violate the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate would
like to know what the proposition is.
Mr. STEWART. Let the proposition be
stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, with the consent
of the Senate, I will state 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from Ohio stating the prop-
osition he desires to make?
Mr. CAMERON. It does not seem cour-
teous to object to the chairman of die com-
mittee making an explanation, but he is in-
fringing a rule of his own. I think it is much
more important that we should have time to
reflect on this bill than that the chairman should
make his explanation just now. My proposi-
tion is that we adjourn until to-morrow, have
the bill printed in the mean time as it now
stands, and meet here to-morrow under the
understanding we have had to-day that we take
the vote without debate. If any explanation
is to be made we can understand it better
to-morrow than we oan to day at this hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that proposition if it is agreeable to the Senate
all around.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on the motion to adjourn, if there
be no objection it will be considered that an
order has been made that the bill be printed as
it stands amended and mover until to-morrow
at one o'clock, under the same understanding
which existed in regard to voting to- day. N ow
the Senator from Pennsylvania moves that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a few moments to allow me to
say a word?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; I believe it is
understood that the bill goes over and is to be
printed.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I withdraw the
motion to adjourn for the present.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the
relief of John E. Reeside;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) to close
the accounts of John W. Forney, late Secretary
of the Senate;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) author-
izing the passport clerk at the Department of
State to administer oaths and affirmations on
applications for passports; and
A bill (H. R. No. 134) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes.
STATE or MISSISSIPPI.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of January 31,
| 1870, information in relation to the late elec-
j tion in the State of Mississippi and the action
11 of the Legislature of that State in reference to
!' the proposed fifteenth amendment to the Con-
: stitution of the United States; which was re-
1) ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
j ordered to be printed.
>| SENATORS ntOM virginia.
! The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
' | the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, communicating a letter from Hon. J. W.
Johnston and Hon. J. F. Lewis, Senators from
j the State of Virginia, in relation to the date
from which their compensation as Senators
! should commence; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
■ order OF business.
! Mr. HOWE. I wish to say to the Senate
that it will be remembered that when I was
comparatively a yonng man I offered a bill here
| which has not yet been referred; and if the
Senate will allow me, after this matter is dis-
I posed of, to take np that bill and make some
J remarks to the Senate upon it and have it
referred I shall be glad to do so.
| Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to make
I any objection to that; I only wish to remind
. the Senator that I am charged with the busi-
1 ness of bringing up the census bill, which I
have promised to do immediately after this is
disposed of; and, therefore, I hope he will not
take it as a personal discourtesy if 1 insist upon
proceeding with the census bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from New York that I propose to call up
and
the bill to abolish the franking
I want an equal advantage with him.
The VICE PRESI DENT. This will be re-
garded as giving notice of an intention to call
up the three bills named. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; that is my
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 1, 1870.
Prayer
The House met at twelve o'clock ra.
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
george w. booker, virginia.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to make a report from
the Committee of Elections. The cast* of
George W. Booker, claiming a seat as a Rep-
resentative of the fourth congressional district
of Virginia, has been referred to that com-
mittee. It is a contested case. The content
ant alleges in his notice of contest that Mr.
Booker is unable to take the test-oath, the
oath prescribed by the jtct of July 2, 1802.
He alleges that Mr. Booker is disqualified to
occupy a seat in Congress. Now, a resolution
which has been adopted by the House pro-
vides—
" That in all contested-el action cases referred to tho
Committee of Elections in which it shall be alleged
by a party to the case or a member of tho Hou3o
that either claimant is unable to take the oath pre-
scribed in the act approved July X 1862, entitled
'An act to presoribe an oath of office, and for other
purposes,' it shall be the duty of the committee to
ascertain whether such disability exists.
The eommittee has been up to this time
engaged so far as it could be in the discharge
of this particular duty. The testimony is not
in print, and of course the committee has not
yet been able to decide that question. Bat the
committee are assured that this case stands
upon precisely the same footing with the case
of Lewis McKensie, which was yesterday
decided by the House. In that case we were,
in obedience to this resolution, engaged in mak-
ing the investigation into the eligibility of the
claimant. In this case we are assured, as we
| were in the other, that the party claiming the
; geat is ready to take this oath if an opportunity
shall be given; and we are further assured,
and I think most if not all of the committee
believe, that if there is any technical charge
of disability against Mr. Booker it is, neverthe-
less, true that it is only a technical charge, and
that he has really been and now is a loyal man.
I am therefore instructed by the committee to
say to the House that in their judgment Mr.
Booker stands upon the same ground as Mr.
McKenzie; and if in any case where there is
before the committee a question as to the eligi-
bility of a candidate, a question as to whether
' he can or cannot take the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1862, the House will, never-
j theless, in advance of a final decision of that
| question reported to the House, permit the
! claimant to take the oath if he is willing to do
i so, and believes he can do so conscientiously;
then, in this case the claimant should be per-
mitted to qualify by taking that oath. I there-
fore move, in accordance with the instructions
of the committee, that Mr. Booker be permitted
to take if he will, as we are assured he will,
the oath of July 2, 1862, and be qualified as a
member of this House. .
Mr. POLAND. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections whether any
member of that committee has read the evi-
dence on file on this subject?
Mr. PAINE. As I have stated already, this
i case stood upon the same footing as that of
| Mr. McKenzie; and I will repeat that this evi-
i dence cannot be examined until it has been
printed. But the information1 we have in
regard to Mr. Booker is precisely the same ns
that in regard to Mr. McKuNzifc. The inform-
