3780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then vote it in this
bill; it can do do harm.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and upon a division there we're—ayes
42, noes 66 ;• no qOorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Sr. BeamAn and
Mr, AlLison were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were-^ayeS 87,*nOes 79.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
j Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by adding to it the following:
Provided, Tliat the letter-carrier system shall be
discontinued in all cities having less than fifty thou-
sand inhabitants.
Mr. BEAMAN, I rise to a point of order
on the proposed amendment, that it is new
legislation!, and therefore not in order ou an
appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. ALLISON". In other words, it is not
our ox that is gored.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
adding the following, which is the amendment
just voted down, except in regard to the num-
ber of population:
And in all citics containing a population of not.
less than twenty-five thousand the Postmaator Gen-
eral is authorised to establish the letter-carrier sys-
tem.
Mr. BEA'MAN. I l'aiso the same point of
order on this proposed amendment that I did
on the other, that it is new legislation, contrary
to existing law, and therefore not in order on
an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, Without hav-
ing the law on the subject before him, is of
the opinion that the amendment is in order.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ingersoll, it was nst agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. COX. Before the question is put on
that motion I move the following amendment:
At the end of lino nineteen add the following:
And thatthePostraasterGcneral be directed to add
twenty per cent, to tbo pay of said lottcr-carriers.
The amendment was not agreed to ; there
being—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. HAWLEY. I renew the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. IxqersollJ withamodifi-
cation striking out "twenty-five thousand" and
inserting " thirty thousand." Last summer a
petition signed by a large number of my constit-
uents living in the city of Quincy was sent to
me, representing that the city contained a pop-
ulation of thirty-five thousand, and earnestly
requesting me to use my influence with the
Postmaster General to secure the establish-
ment there of the letter-carrier system. That
petition was received by me alter the adjourn-
ment of the session last spring, and after I had
gone home. I forwarded it to the Postmaster
General, recommending it to his favorable con-
sideration, and asking him to designate Quincy
as the place for the establishment of a letter-
carrier office. I received from him a reply
which, as I distinctly remember, stated that
he had not- the power to establish the letter-
carrier system there; that under the law that
system could not be established in places con-
taining less than forty thousand inhabitants,
and as Quincy claimed to contain only thirty-
five thousand, that city was ruled out. I how
propose that Congress shall declare that the
Postmaster General shall have power to estab-
lish this system in cities where there are thirty
thousand inhabitants. Although it may be said
that he has now the power to do so, and
although such may possibly be the law, yet
as a matter of fact he does not extend the
system to cities of less than forty thousand in-
habitants. I desire that the sense of this House
and of Congress shall be declared on this sub-
ject, so that it shall be the duty of the Post-
master General to extend the benefits of this
system to cities having a population of thirty
thousand.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. There is mo question as to what the law
is in this case. It requires the Postmaster
General to establish the letter-carrier system
in all cities of fifty thousand inhabitants or
more, leaving it to his discretion to extend the
system to cities having a smaller population.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley]
tells as that the Postmaster General declined
to establish the system in the town of Quincy.
There was a very good reason why he should
have done so ; for, as I said a little while ago,
this system is enormously expensive.^ While
I do not suppose that in our large cities, such
as New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, we
can return to the former system, yet I say that
the people of the country will not justify ns in
extending this enormously expensive system
to all these little towns.
I will state now, as I would have said before,
had my time allowed, that the committee were
of opinion that $1,250,000 was too large a gum
to be paid for this purpose; but in attempting
to reduce this appropriation we met this diffi-
culty : this system has been introduced in con-
nection with a number of small offices, whore
it takes more than half the revenue to pay the
expense of the system ; and if we should reduce
the expenditure estimated for by the Postmaster
General, the result would be the discontinu-
ance of the system in connection with some of
these offices. The committee did not think it
best to undertake its discontinuance in any
case, though we thought that under the cir-
cumstances it should not be further extended
to small offices.
The question recurred on Mr. Hawleu'h
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend the par-
agraph by inserting at the end of line niaeteen
the following:
]i\ir pay of letter-carriers, at the rate of $1,100 a
year, 51,453,100.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the attention of the
House for a few minutes longer, promising not
to tire their patience. Something has been
said about a convention of postmasters oppos-
ing an increase of pay to the carriers. If this
was done by them 1 do not think it very cred-
itable. There was also in this city a convention
of letter-carriers, of the men who perform these
arduous duties. In their behalf I offer this
amendment; and just here I am reminded that
in most of the cities we have employed a3 let-
ter* carriers large numbers of men who served
during the war as soldiers and sailors. These
letter-carriers in their convention passed reso-
lutions asking that their pay should be $1,200
a year, and they placed the matter in my hands
for presentation to Congress. I did present
their bill, and hoped before this it might have
been reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; but as this has not been
accomplished, I now propose to make their
salary $1,100 a year. What will be the differ-
ence between this sum and that appropriated
in the bill? There are thirteen hundred and
twenty-one carriers, and it amounts to about
two hundred thousand dollars per annum only.
Remember, these men in whose behalf I have
spoken, and who get so poorly paid, work
fourteen hours a day, when many other Gov-
ernment employfis come under the eight-hour
law.
By the act of 1804 the Postmaster General
has the privilege of extending the free-delivery
system to any of our cities, and by a law passed
last year he must do so where there are fifty
thousand inhabitants. But what I object to is
that the pay is still at his option, and no mat-
ter how liberally allowed cannot exceed $1,000
per year.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Beamak]
complains of the expense of the system. If it
be expensive, it is so excellent that none of us
would like to return to the old one. We all
know the Post Office Department is not yet
self-sustaining. Yet each year it is doing bet-
ter. For the current year its receipts fall short
of its expenses $5,740,000; the estimated defi-
ciency for next year is more than :a million
dollars less. Very little part of this deficiency
arises from the free- delivery syste m, for already,
iii I860,-its cost over receipts from postages  
and local matter was but $403,729 70. He ■
speaks of the cost in smaller towns only. In •
1869 we received in Philadelphia from box
rents $4,594 41 more than in 1863, when the :
law had not been passed; and in New York ;
city $27,647 more.
To showhow richly the letter-carriers deserve
better pay, I state that with only forty-eight
more carriers in 1869 than in 1868 there were
delivered 80,071,052'mail letters, being 34,340,-
486 more than in 1868; 18,380,627 local letters,
an increase of 22,679,348; 21,954,898 news-
papers, being an increase of 16,910,715; and
89,885,009 letters were collected, being 63,164,-
625 more than in 1868; and if the gentleman
will turn to page 4 of the Postmaster Gen-
eral's report he will find the result in part in
$1,214,937 50 receipts for postage stamps
above those of 1868. To show that the in-
crease is steady I state further, that in March,
1870, 13,199,788 letters and papers were deliv-
ered, and 8,483,966 letters were collected by
the carriers. I propose to pay an adequate
reward for the'*" labor which produces such
results.-
Mr. BEAMAN. I move the committee rise.
Tho motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cul-
lom reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, according to order
of the House, had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly a bill
(H. R. No. 182S) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. NEGLEY,by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ment of the Senate to House joint resolution
No. 785, to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be non-concurred in, and
the House request a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
RIVER. AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce a
bill making appropriations for the repair, pres-
ervation, and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, for the fiscal year ending June 30, -
1871.
Mr. DAWES. I object, unless it be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, accord-
ing to the understanding between the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce and myself.
Mr. SAWYER. I was not authorized to do
that.
Mr. DAWES. Then I object.
LEAVES OF ABSEXCr,.
Mr. WINCHESTER was granted leave of
absence for one week.
•Mr. GItISWOLD was granted leave of ab-
sence for two days.
Mr. ORTH was granted leave of absence for
to-morrow.
REMOVAL or POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HARRIS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to have printed in the Globe, as
apart of the debates, some remarksin reference
to the removal of political disabilities. [See
Appendix, j
SKA ISLANDS, SOOTII CAROLINA.
Mr. BOWEN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to provide for the sale of cer-
