1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
to develop, with the stimulus of Government
protection to our multiplied industries, with
tree education and the reward of each man's
labor to himself, producing comfort and com-
petence throughout the land, it must be clear to
every reflecting and unprejudiced mind that a
very short period of time will create more con-
sumers at home than are now using our agri-
cultural products abroad. For those who buy
ofusabroad produce froin seventy to ninetyper
cent, average yearly of their own wants; I mean
those countries which the free trader advises
us to depend upon for our main supplies of
manufactured products. Nol You may open
the whole trade of our country to Europe at a
merely nominal tariff, such as Wells and the
importing interests of our country recommend,
and it would not increase in the least degree
the consumption by them of our agricultural
products. In all our trade with Europe we
have to pay the cost of transportation both ways,
which cost is deducted from the value received
for our agricultural products sold in foreign
countries, and added to the cost of all the pro-
ducts we buy from them.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. McCARTHY. I only want five min-
utes further.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, by unanimous
consent, that the gentleman's time be ex-
tended.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the House.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman proceeds
I desire to give notice that all his propositions
about salt will be answered in the interest of
the consumer. What the gentleman has said
on that subject must be taken cum grano salis.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McCARTHY. The gentleman who rep-
resents the great commercial center of the
country, the center of the money power, and
the center of the importing interests, will of
course come forward here in defense of free
trade. He will of course speak for his friends
in the importing business.
Mr. COX. 1 do not speak for the import-
ing interest or for free trade, but I speak for
the consumers of the country, and the gentle-
man speaks for monopoly.
Mr. McCARTHY. I will now conclude what
I have to say. Mr. Chairman, the present tariff
is a revenue tariff, judiciously protective, made
necessary by the war, and has not only fully
answered its purpose during that period, but
since has been a very great advantage as a
strong lever in sustaining and appreciating the
credit of the country, and at the same time has
strengthened the industry of the country beyond
all precedent. Its general effect on the whole
country cannot be better described than in the
language of Mr. Wells, in his report for 1869 :
"Xherevenuoroceiptsofthcnational exchequer, as
m every other year since the termination of the war,
havo been largely in excess of national expendi-
tures; the tido of labor-seeking, wealth-producing:
immigration continues to ilow with increasing vol-
ume upon our shores of the West us upou those of
the East; tho aggregatedthecropshasbeenbounti-
ful m quantity, excellent in quality, and in excoss
of any lecent average; the radius of settlement has
been so rapidly extended that millions of acres are
now included m its area which twelve months ago
were uncultivated wilderness; the number of miles
of railway constructed has been greater than that of
any preceding year, and a regular daily routine of
travel and trafbc has for the first time been estab-
Jished thereon across the continent; the restoration
oi the South to a condition of prosperity, equal or
greater than that which prevailed antecedent to the
war, is a work well-nigh accomplished; peace reigns
m all oar borders; and fiom the Atlantic to the
Pacific, from the St. John's to tho Rio Grande, there
are few who, exempt from physical ailment, need
hunger from scarcity of food, or be idle for lack of
some opportunity for remunerative employment.
"To review the main features of our national expe-
rience in respect to capital and industry for the past
year is but to chronicle and affirm anew the appar-
ent continuance of that same wonderful ratio of
progress and development which, with the exception
of a period of war, has especially characterized the
annual history of the nation for tho last quarter of a
century." !
Mr. BLAIR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. SCHENCK. I feel bound to perform
my contract with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on. Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] and I pro-
pose to do another act of courtesy to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, which I hope he
will remember in favor of the Committee of
Ways and Means; I move that the present bill
be laid aside to take up the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The committee then proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1346) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes, (Mr. Scofield in the
chair.)
Mr. DAWES. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. COX. I object to that. I believe this
is a deficiency bill, and the House ought to be
made acquainted with all deficiencies.
Mr. DAWES. I regret exceedingly that I
did not comply with the request of my friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] a moment ago that
he might be permitted to make a short speech.
If I had thought he was to compel the reading
through of this bill I would have let him have
the five minutes he asked for.
Mr. COX. I will try to be amiable to the
gentleman and withdraw my objection to dis-
pense with the first reading of the bill. But I
hope the gentleman will tell the House why
these deficiencies have occurred, and the
amount of them, and all about it; and that
he will stand by his original speech made
here in this House on economy, and not by
his speeches in New Hampshire.
There being no objection, the first reading
of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to occupy
a minute of the time of the House; but I wish
to say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] that I fully appreciate the words of
encouragement which he has just uttered, and
that I will try to profit by them. It will be
difficult for me to stand by my first speech
without standing by that in New Hampshire
also. If the gentleman can find a word in my
New Hampshire speech which conflicts with
anything I have uttered hereon this floor, then
he will show me how it is possible for me to
stand by the one without standing by the other.
I will tell the gentleman how the deficiencies
provided for by this bill occurred. It is be-
cause last year Congress did not appropriate
enough for tho purposes specified in the bill.
That is the only reason. [Laughter.] It is
very brief and comprehensive, and covers the
whole ground. I now yield to my colleague
on the Committee on Appropriations, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who
desires to address the committee for a few
moments.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I do notdesire
to make a speech, but before the committee
proceed to consider this bill under the five-
minutes rule, I wish to say that while I think
that Congress did appropriate enough to cover
all that ought to have been expended this
deficiency bill appropriates very nearly a mil-
lion dollars less as now presented than the
amount asked for deficiencies by the Depart-
ments. They ask for $3,307,912. This bill,
which will no doubt be largely increased be-
fore it gets through both Houses, appropriates
$2,407,711 80. I make no question that each
item in that deficiency was reduced to the very
lowest amount, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence,] who originally had charge of it,
being very particular to cut it down as low as
he could.
But I desire further to say, that if this House
is under the impression that the expenditures
of the current year have been diminished be-
low what they were during the previous year,
in my opinion it is a very mistaken impression.
I have taken occasion to say here before, that
the expenditures of this Government were
$350,000,000 a year, and that statement has
been subjected to some criticism in the press
of the country. I find that the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, and the
Speaker of this House—the one in a speech
in New Hampshire, the other in a letter—have
lately announced as a fact that President
Johnson had expended $368,000,000 during
the last year of his administration; the one
gentleman stating that there was a debt of
$6,000,000 contracted besides, and the other
stating that there was a surplus of expenditures
of $8,000,000 beyond the amount stated by
him. And they both agree in the statement
that during the first year of General Grant's
administration the expenditures of the coun-
try had been reduced to $314,000,000, or
$60,600,000 less than the expenses of last
jrear. Whether the Speaker of the House
first obtained these facts and the chairman of
the committee borrowed them from him, or
whether the chairman of the committee got
the facts and the Speaker of the House took
them from his statements, I do not know pos-
itively, nor is it material. They have each
made those statements. And the chairman of
the committee stated in his speech that before
he went to New Hampshire and mado those
statements he had thought it necessary to go
to the President of the United States and have
them verified by him. I quote from the gen-
tleman's speech, as follows:
" I was charged yesterday afternoon by the Presi-
dent himself with this message to the people of New
Hampshire. When X told him that I was coming
here he told mo to assure the people of New Hamp-
shire that this exhibit that I have made here of the
successful collection and economical expenditure of
the money during the present year is an earnest and
a pledge of what it shall bo each year to come. ' Toll
tho people of Now Hampshire,'he said,'that during
my administration there shall be no ascending scale
of public expenditures, but wherever and whenever
the closest scrutiny shall disclose the possibility of
cutting off a dollar it shall be done.'"
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment?
Mr. BECK. I would rather not, at least
at this moment, until I have finished the sen-
tence.
Mr. COX. 1 only desire to put a question
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] why he did not, in New Hampshire,
stand up to the speech which he delivered ia
this House?
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he had better not mix up his speech
with that of the gentleman from Kentucky.
No doubt they are both good speeches, but
put the two together, and they will not be worth
a cent.
Mr. COX. If you put the two together they
will utterly overwhelm the gentleman, or even
one of them will.
Mr. BECK. I do not profess to be able to
say anything to " overwhelm" anybody. I am
not making this statement for the purpose of
making any unjust criticism upon the chair-
man ot the Committee on Appropriations. I
have seen nothing from him except a desire to
economize. But when the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations and the Speaker
of the House each makes a statement to that
effect, and the Speaker of the House announces
that there has been expended " $60,000,000
less than was expended in the same time by
President Johnson's administration," and that
" th-ese figures are taken from official records
and their accuracy cannot be questioned,"
1 say that they are both mistaken, and both
mistaken, in my judgment, to the amount of
not less than sixty or seventy-five million
dollars, and that the expenditures of the
Government for this current year are nearer
$400,000,000 than any other figures that the
gentleman can estimate—certainly nearer than
they are to $314,000,000. Why do I say so?
Because when the Secretary of the Treasury
failed to give us an account of the unexpended
