2836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
dred miles east from the Pacific terminus. That
has been taken out: that has been destroyed
without a word said in this joint resolution, by
the effective terms of it, and instead of the
terms of the original charter, "three hundred
miles east from the Pacific terminus," the
language, "some convenient point," has been
inserted, leaving it with the company to determ-
ine where that "convenient point" shall be.
As the Senator from Iowa has justly remarked,
it may be, not three hundred mile3 from the
Pacific, but fifteen hundred miles, if the com-
pany chooses to consider that as the most
convenient point.
Mr. HARLAN. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator for calling my attention to
the point and referring to the law, This makes
the point explicit. The original charter pro-
vided that this branch road should diverge from
the main trunk at a point" not more than three
hundred miles from its western terminus so
that the branch road could not Very well have
been more than four or five hundred miles long.
But now that limitation is stricken out, and ip
lieu of "three hundred miles" " some con-
venient point on its main trunk line " is put in.
It does seem to me that when we are to make
anew grant for another railroad line, thuslimit-
less as to its length, it is hardly fair to give an
additional breadth over one hundred miles
wide in which to select the lands.
Mr. CORBETT. I presume there will be
no objection to fixing toe point fqr the diver-
gence of the branch line at the point where it
was fixed in the original ftpt.
Mr. CASSERLY. Three hti®drfi4 miles
east of the Pacific terminus.
Mr. CORBETT. About three hundred snip).
Mr. HARLAN. If that should be fixed it
would, of course, be better; it would make it ;
more definite.
Mr. CORBETT. I so understood the bill.
I did not suppose it changed that provision in
the charter.
Mr. HARLAN. But if limited to a point
three hundred miles from the western term-
inus, as this road is to diverge off to the north-
west and will become in a certain sense the
hypotenuse of a triangle, it would be longer
than three hundred miles; it might be four or
five hundred miles by its meanderings. Then
we are to give a grant of land on that now line
of three or four hundred miles in length. All
that is contemplated by the original bill is all
that can be found within a breadth of one hun-
dred miles, fifty miles on each side; but the
phraseology which I propose to strike oat will
give them in addition all they can find in an
additional strip of twenty miles in width. It
seems to me that that is an extravagant prop-
osition.
But, Mr. President, I called the attention of
the Senate when thU question was under dis-
cussion before to the peculiar phraseology of
this clause of the bill. I do it again because
I do not know that the framers of the bill
intend the effect that is doubtless given to it
by the language :
Then said company shall ho entitled, under the
directions of the Secretary of the Interior, to receivo
go many sections of land belonging to the United
Statest nd designated by odd numbers.
This is the description of the land that is to
be granted; so much " land belonging to the
United States." Why, sir, what classes of
land will that carry? If it means anything,
I suppose it will convey any land, the fee of
which or the right to the occupancy of which
is vested in the Government of the United
States—Indian reservations, military reserva-
tions, mineral lands, lands occupied by home-
stead and preemption settlers. There is no
exception whatever. It is as broad and as
complete as the English language would enable 1
it to he made; any land belonging to the United ;
States majr be taken by this company to make
np the deficiency. j
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen- j
ator allow me to say a word at this point ? ]
Mr. HARLAN, Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Would be not in constru-
ing this amendatpry enactment construe it with
reference to the original charter ? Is not that
a well-settled rule in the construction of stat-
utes relating to the same subject-matter? And
if he construes it with reference to the matter,
that is to the matter of the charter, he knows
of course that mineral lands are excepted, and
exempted from the operations of the act in
express terms.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, there are
several clauses in this bill, and there are sev-
eral distinct purposes to be achieved. One is
to enable the company to mortgage its prop-
erty ; another is to make a new land grant to
another railroad line; and the third is to en-
able this company to take np lands outside of
the limit of its grant. Now, I apprehend that
in construing this law each of these provisions
will have to be construed according to its plain
intendment. There iB nothing in this clause
which indicates that it is to be construed in
conformity with the limitations contained in
the original grant. That phraseology is put in
in the preceding clause. It is stated there:
And also to locate and construct, under the pro-
visions and with the privileges and duties provided
for in its act of incorporation.
There is a plain reference to tho limitations
and the privileges and the duties indicated in
that act; but when you come to this distinct
provision, separate and distinct in its intend-
ment, there is no such reference. There is
nothing mentioned on which you can hang the
construction to which the honorable Senator
refers; and I know of no reason why Con-
gress may not grant away the lands,if itchoose3
to do so, on which homestead settlers have
made improvements, on which preemptors
have made their claims. I know it has Deen
contended by members of this body and the
other branch of Congress that a homestead
or preemption settlement vests in the occupant
of the land some sort of inchoate title that
may be defended ; but, sir, that construction
has been wiped out by a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, pro-
nounced but a few days since in the case of
Frisbie vs. Whitney, originating in the State
of California, where the Supreme Court holds
that Congress may grant away lands occupied
bjr nreernptors. The highest judicial tribunal
of the country having thus decided, I inquire
of the honorable Senator from Michigan if it
is safe to trust the phraseology to be found in
this clause of the bill unless he intends to
grant away these lands? This, however, may
be amended if it is the purpose of the friends
of the bill so to restrict it.
I rose for the purpose of calling tho atten-
tion of the Senate to the gigantic character of
the new grant contained in this bill, its almost
limitless extent, and that this clause which I
propose to strike out enlarges that from fifty
miles on each side to sixty miles, making the
breadth of country one hundred and twenty
miles in all on the new line as well as on the
old one. In lieu of the lands occupied by pre-
emptors and homestead settlers, and that may
have been occupied by the Government of the
United States for forts or otherwise, the com-
pany are to take lands outside of the fifty-
mile limit on each side of this new line for
such as have been occupied since the date of
the passage of the original bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Iowa whether, if all the lands within the
forty-mile limit are there, the company can
take one acre beyond that limit?
Mr. HARLAN. Surely not.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is all I want to know.
Mr. HARLAN. But the honorable Senator
knows very well that his question is perfectly
pointless in practice. He knows that no rail-
road grant absolutely conveys to the company
every odd section within the limits of the grant.
And that brings me to the very point to
which I desire to call the attention of the
Senate. How would the Senate now treat a
proposition, if I were to bring it in as an
amendment to this bill, to this effect: ''And
provided also that there shall be hereby granted
to the State of Iowa, in lieu of the land
selected by preemptors and homestead pet-
tiers, and that may have otherwise been con-
veyed by the United States after the date of
the passage of the bills making grants of lands
to aid in tho construction of railroads from
Burlington, on the Mississippi river, to some
pointon the Missouri river; from Rock Island,
on the Mississippi river, to some point on the
Missouri river ; from some point on the Mis-
sissippi river, beneath the forty-second par-
allel, to some point on the Missouri river."
and so describing every railroad line in Iowa
for which grants of land have been made?
We did not receivo the total quantity of land
that would be indicated by an arithmetical
, computation of the acres within all of the odd
sections embraced within the six-mile limit.
Vast quantities of that land were entered with
land warrants, with scrip, by preemptors after
the date of the passage of the laws and before
the companies located the lines of the roads.
Have we not the same right to como in here
and claim indemnity outsido of the land-grant
limits? Have not Minnesota, Arkansas, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Florida, Missouri, Kansas,
Nebraska, California, and Oregon the same
right in equity ?
Why, Mr. President, this never has been
done in any other case; and every other rail-
road company has precisely the same equities
that this company has, and in addition the con-
cideration that they have built their railroads,
while this company has riot. The only differ-
ence between the equity of this company and
that of any other railroad company, even in
Minnesota, is that the other railroad companies
with less than half the land grant have been
building their roads, and this one has not. The
dilatory company, the one that has not been
building its road, the one that has not prac-
tically accepted its franchise by constructing a
single rod of road, is the one that you pro-
pose to distinguish by giving to it extraordinary
grants, extraordinary privileges, when the ori-
ginal grant to that company is more than double,
is fourfold that given to any railroad company
until within a very recent period, and is double
that given to any other existing railroad com-
pany. The dilatory company, the one that has
built no road, that has slept on its rights for
six long years, that has not even up to this date
located tne line of its road on the earth's sur-
face, is to have extraordinary privileges!
Mr, President, how can we account for this
to me singular predisposition of the American
Senate if in fact this amendment which I pro-
pose is not adopted and this clause stricken out?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I wish to
Say one word and I shall be very brief. I can-
not hope to rival the Senator from Iowa in
fervor and invective. I can only hope to lay
a few plain facts before the Senate, and then
it will be for them to judge of the propriety of
this measure. The language used by many
Senators in discussing this question has given
rise to an idea that we are extending and en-
larging the grant to the Northern Pacific rail-
road in a most gigantic manner; that we are
granting much more land than they ever were
entitled to under their charter; that we are, in
short, squandering the public lands upon this
company. Now, sir, let us see what the facts
are in regard to this so-called additional grant.
The sixth section of the charter, as the honor-
able Senator from Iowa will well recollcct,
reads as follows:
" That tho President of the United States shall
Cause jthe lands to be surveyed for forty miles in
Width on both sides of tho ontire line of said road,
after tho general route shall be fixed, and oafaatai
may be required by the construction of said rail roads:
and tho odd sections of land hereby granted shall
not be liable to sale or entry, or preemption, before
