4724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
necessities of that region, and it is one of the
necessities of the Government to have such a
road there, to communicate with all its lines
of military posts and to transport its troops
and munitions ofwarandsuppliesforits troops.
But, Mr. President, I supposed that this
proposition was in such a shape that there
could not be objection to it on the floor of the
Senate. I do not wish to continue to occupy
the time of the Senate on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. ROSS. It was said by the Senator from
Michigan that this Government had been very
liberal to this road. It is true the Govern-
ment has been liberal to this road in the same
proportion that it has been to every other road
in the West, and no more. It is also true that
this road has been liberal to the Government,
having paid upon its bonds not less than sixty-
six per cent. ; more, I think by fifty per cent,
than any other company has done. In addi-
tion to that it has contributed directly to the
development of hundreds of millions of wealth
in the West which never would have existed
but for this road. I desire now to see the
same results follow its continuation to El Paso.
Mr. HARLAN. There are two or three j
amendments to the text of this amendment
which I should like to put in before this vote
is taken. On page 4, beginning at line four-
teen, I wish to strike out all after the word
"company" to the end of that section.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Iowa
will allow tne, I will suggest to him that we had
better take a vote on the amendment now, and
then, in case it should be incorporated in the
bill, it can be amended in the Senate. Let us
first test the question whether we shall put this
on the bill at all. I think that will save time.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
takes it for granted that it will be voted down.
Mr. STEWART. I think it will.
Mr. HARLAN. I want to fix it up so that
I can vote for it if I can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa moves to strike out the following
words:
And any surplus of said one half, after paying tho
interest on said bonds, shall bo paid to said com-
pany ; and no iurther issue ot bonds to said company
in aid of buildingits road shall bo made by thoUnited
States.
Mr. HARLAN. The latter clause is not in
my printed copy.
Mr. DRAKE. That is in on page 4.
Mr. HARLAN. The copy in my hand
reads, "amendment intended to be proposed
by Mr. Drake to the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Missouri
modified the printed amendment, changing it.
somewhat before it was sent to the desk.
Mr. HARLAN. Has it been printed since
modified ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; it has
not been.
Mr. DRAKE. There are some verbal mod-
ifications at the end of the section.
Mr. HARLAN. The words I want to strike
oat are "and any surplus of said one hall,
after paying the interest on said bonds, shall
be paid to said company."
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa, in offering that amendment,
has not taken notice of one feature of this
proposition, which it seems to me would make
sueh an amendment impracticable; that is, that
all the earnings of that road, not only n£on the
line west of Sheridan to Denver, but upon Una
line now to be constructed down through-New-
Mexico, are pledged to the payment St the
interest upon the bonds issued by the Govern-
ment upon the road from Fort Leavenworth to
Sheridan—the whole receipts. If the earnings
of the road for the transportation of Govern-
ment freight are two or three times as much
upon all the lines of this road as the interest
that is to be paid upon the bonds on the por-
tion of the road from Leavenworth to Sheri-
dan, why should "not the remainder be paid
over to the company? If it were a provision
merely with regard to the line from Leaven-
worth to Sheridan, which was built with the
aid of the Government subsidy, then I would
admit that the Senator's proposition was cor-
rect.
Mr. HARLAN. I will explain why I prefer
to have these words stricken out. Under the
existing law the United States has loaned to
this company its bonds to a considerable
amount. The company is obligated to pay the
whole of the interest on the bonds as it falls
due, and to pay the bonds themselves wiien
they mature; and to euable this and other
companies eugaged in the construction of the
Union Pacific railroad and brandies to pro-
ceed with their work, they were permitted to
receive pay from the United States for one
half of the ordinary cost of Government freight.
One half of the cost of Government freight
alone is to be used in the payment of the inter-
est on the bonds under the existing law. Now,
if this amendment should be made, if, applying
the freight on one half, the Government^ busi-
ness should more than pay the interest falling
due on all the bonds, the residue ought to be
retained in the Treasury 1'ov the purpose of
meeting the payment of the bonds themselves
when they become due.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose that a slight change
in the phraseology of the section would satisfy
the Senator from Iowa. Instead of striking out
that provision with regard to the surplus, I
suggest to strike out all after the word " be,"
in the fifteenth line, and substitute for the words
"paid to said company" tho words "applied
to the payment of the principal ot said bonds."
Mr. HARLAN. That will do. I will accept
that modification.
Mr. DRAKE. The Secretary will enter it
accordingly.
Mr. HARLAN. I accept the modification
of iny amendment suggested by the honorable
Senator from Missouri by striking out the
words "paid to said company" and inserting
the words "applied to the payment of the prin-
cipal of said bonds."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifi-
cation will be made unless objection be inter-
posed. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move to amend in the
fifteenth line of tho following section, on page
4, by inserting after the word "purposes" the
words " subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho ques-
tion is on this amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I more to amend in the
eighteenth line of that section by lilting the
blank and changing the phraseology so as to
make it read, "to be paid for at a rate not
exceeding $2 50 per acre."
Mr. DRAKE. That is all right. I will
accept thai, modification.
Mr. HARLAN. Now, on page 5, I move
to amend in line thiity-five by striking out the
word "preemption" after the word "by" and
inserting ''the United States, subject to the
existing rights of preemption settlers."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line thirty-nine, on the
same page, I move to strike out the word "the"
where it occurs the first time, so as to read,
" the right to take water from the streams."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered as agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding after the last proviso
the following:
And provided further, That nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to prevent any citizen of
the United States from taking water trom the nat-
ural channel of streams on the same terms and con-
ditions with said company.
Mr. DRAKE. That is all right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be considered as made, no objection
being interposed. It is agreed to. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
Irom Missouri, as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand this makes
at least five hundred miles of new road.
Mr. SAWYER. Over eight hundred miles.
Mr. DRAKE. No ; it is about six hundred
miles.
Mr. CASSERLY. It makes at least six hun-
dred miles of new road with a grant of twelve
thousand eight hundred acres to the mile.
That, I should say, must be equal io about
seven and a half million acres. It is seri-
ously proposed to put through a measure of
this "kind, heard of now for the first time this
evening in connection with t,he present bill,
without anything further pro and evil except
the few words that have been uttered by the
Senators who have spoken on the subject; and
this will be in addition to the vast quantities
of land already contemplated to be granted by
the bill as brought in by the committee. Why,
sir, there seems to be a fever for granting lands
here this evening, something little less than a
delirium on the subject. I hope that we shall
not have an awakening some day when we shall
discover, in our lucid interval, what a lunatic
course we have been pursuing in this matter.
I really hope, sir, that the Senate will not
adopt an amendment the effect of which is so
extensive as I have just shown the effect of this
amendment to be. I have no doubt that the
Kansas Pacific railroad is an enterprise of
merit. It may be that it has strong equities
to be allowed "to go to the Pacific. Whether it
has or not, I should be glad to see that or any
oilier road carried through to the Pacific ocean,
regarding all such enterprises as calculated to
develop the interests of that coast; but it is
too great an enterprise to put upon the back
of a bill already sufficiently large in its propor-
tions. It is too much for the Senate to pass
as an amendment; it can very well afford to
stand upon its own merits as an independent
proposition; and I sincerely hope the Senate
will take that view.
I wish I could induce the Senator from Mis-
souri who has moved this amendment to agree
with me in what I have said ; but I fear I shall
not bo able to induce him to take that course.
At any rate, I hope the Senate will not in this
way, in this indirect manner, if I may say so,
in the shape of an amendment pass a railroad
bill the effect of which is to create a new road
to the extent of at least six hundred miles, and,
as some gentlemen contend,, seven or eight
hundred, carrying with it a land grant of at
least seven and a half million acres.
Mr. HAUL AN. I desire to submit one
observation. I do not wish, of course, to urge
the adoption of this amendment in opposition
to the wishes of the chairman of the commit-
tee ; but this amendment contains a provision
to which I desire to attract the attention of'
the Senate, as it comes, as I understand, from
the owners of'one of the large railroad grauts
heretofore made to aid in the construction of
a railroad. They propose to build an addi-
tional line of road, several hundred miles long,
lying entirely out on the plains, beginning at
a point on their main line near Port BSlswoi th.
and extending in a southwestern direction
diagonally across the country, where, on ac-
count of the destitution of water, the country
is almost a sterile desert.. They propo:e to
take one half of tho land within the limits
named m this amendment, and leave this giant
subject to settlement and occupancy by set-
tlers from the date of the grant until the road
shall have been completed, at a rate not ex-
