1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3781
tain lots of lands in Beaufort county, South.
Carolina, and for other purposes, in order that
it may be printed and referred to the select
Commitee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object. I do
not want it referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction, which has leave to report at
any time. I will not object to its reference to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BOWEN". I cannot agree to that.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I object
to its introduction.
INDIAN IlESERVATrOX, SAX DIEGO.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
directed to inform this House what steps have been
taken by him to establish an Indian reservation in
San Diego county, California, and to furnish this
Ilouse with :r 11 tile correspondence, pppcrs, orders,
or directions now on file in his office relating to the
establishment of said reservation; and also to inform
this IIouso from what source ho expocts to obtain
Indians to stock said reservation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-eight minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Jacob R.
Davis, agent of Freedmen's Bureau, for arrears
of pay.
' By Mr. PORTER : The petition of Robert
J. Vaiden, of Charles City county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of certain
manufacturers and dealers in tobacco, Chicago,
Illinois, and the West, asking Congress to place
a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound on all
tobacco.
Also, a petition of certain brewers and deal-
ers in malt liquors, asking of Congress cer-
tain modifications of the internal revenue laws
relating to their business.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: Sundry petitions
from residents of New York city, asking that
the public domain be set apart for the exclus-
ive use of actual settlers.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 25, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
postal telegraph lines.
Mr. WASHBURN, of' Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, it is known to the House that the
next committee to be called in regular order-
after that which has now possession of the
floor is the select Committee on Postal Tele-
graph Linos. I desire to say, as chairman of
the committee, that we do not wish to obstruct
in any way the business of the House, and they
have instructed me to say that if they obtain
leave to report at any time hereafter between
this and the end of the session with the view
of having what they then report postponed
ijntil December next, they will not occupy the
time of the House when called in regular order.
Thefe was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the order just made; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
currency bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to ask the attention of the Honse to the
position of the currency bill. The Committee
- on Banking and Currency will, I suppose, in
the ordinary course of business, be-called upon
for reports next week. I would suggest that
it will place the House, and all interested in
the bill, in a strait-jacket, if its consideration is
limited to the morning hour. Ijtherefore ask
unanimous consent that the bill to be offered
by the committee be made a special order for
next Wednesday after the morning hour.
Mr. INGERSGLL. Before the consent
asked for by the chairman ef the Committee
on Banking and Currency is obtained, I desire
that gentleman to inform the House why th-e
committee have not, in accordance with the>
direction of the House, reported a bill increas-
ing the currency $50,000,000? I wish to have
an explanation of that before I consent to any
favors.
Mr. GARFIELD, of-Ohio. .In reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, I will state that the
committee have not had an opportunity of mak-
ing a report. When we make a report, if what
1 now propose be assented to, the amplest time
-will be allowed for debate.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency asks unani-
mous consent that leave be given to that com-
mittee to report on Wednesday next after the
morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, because it will
interfere with the election cases demanding
action by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
m any requests of this kind may be made between
this time and the end of the session, that when
a committee is given leave to report for a par-
ticular day after the morning hour, it is con-
sidered that the whole of that day after the
morning hour belongs to them ; but that they
cannot hold the succeeding day under the rule
relating to unfinished business.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection.
There being no further objection it was so
ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the order just made; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid -on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Some lime subsequently,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I learn from
the Chair that there has been a misapprehen-
sion as to the request which I made ou behalf
of the Committee 01.1 Banking and Currency.
The order I desired to have made was that the
bill from the committee should be made a
special order for Wednesday next after the
morning hour, and thereafter from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Would that
supersede the appropriation bills?
The SPEAKER. It would. The hill would
hold the floor afterthe morning hour as against
all other business of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I will
accept the order, as already made, for one
day.
tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. BENNETT, by uuapi-i-ous consent,
offered the following resolution: -viiich, under
the law, was referred to the Committee on
Printing :
Resolved, That the House auihonze to lie printed
for the use ol its membeis. two hundred additional
copies of the bill (II. it. Xo. entitled "An act
to change and more efiootuaUy secure the collection
ol the tax on distilled spirits, and io provido for the
exportation of distilled spirits fiom the United
States. ^ J
oudbb ol? homn'kss.
Mr. CESSNA. I now call up the contested
election ease of Wallace vs.. Simpson.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would ask if we are not to be allowed a morn-
ing hour to-day?
The SPEAKER. The question brought up
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cessna] being a privileged question, takes
precedence,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope we will have
a morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
raise the-question -of consideration .onlhe ease
called up by the gentlem-aa-from-Pennsylvania.
Mr. CESSNA. If there -is iany objection
whatever to considering the ease-at this time
I will not ask for a vote on its consideration
until-after the morning hour; and I give notice
that I will do so then. There is -not a gentle-
man on the floor-wlio asks over ten -minutes to
discuss the case at all. For my part I only
want five minutes, unless -sometVmg shall be,
said on,the otherside which requires an answer.
I am satisfied that the case could have been
put through yesterday in the half hour that
was consumed in calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wish to be understood as -objecting to the
consideration of the case, I only want to
reserve the morning hour so that we may get
rid of the matter which has been blocking up
the business of the committees in the morning
hour for the last ten days.
Mr. CESSNA. I will waive ray right to call
up the case until after the expiration of the
morning hour, and I now demand the regular
order of business.
american c03imekce.
The SPEAKER; The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill reported from the select Com-
mittee on the Causes of the Reduction of Ameri-
can Tonnage, being House bill No. 1889, to
revive the navigation and commercial interests
of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to ask the gentleman who has charge of
this bill if he cannot call the previous question,
so as to dispose of it during this morning hour?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall endeavor to
dispose of it.
Mr. "CALKIN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I moved yesterday to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to order the main
question.
The SPEAKER. At the close of the morn-
ing hour yesterday, the gGntleman from New
York [Mr. Calkin] was upon the floor on a
privileged question, a motion to reconsider
the vote whereby the House refused to order
the main question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman with-
drew his motion, and of course took his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled,
under the circumstances, to recognize the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswortii.]
Mr. LYNCH. Is not the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Calkin] priv-
ileged?
The SPEAKER. It is ; but not sufficiently
so to take a member off the fl'oor.
Mr. CALKIN. I withdrew my motion merely
for the purpose of adjourning the case over
until to-day. I did not take my seat. I stated
to gentlemen who moved to lay my motion to
reconsider on the table that for the sake of
letting the bill go over until to-day I would
withdraw my motion for the lime being. That
was the position I took at the close of the
morning hour yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to withdiaw his motion.
Mr. CALKIN. I did not.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York did not withdraw it, then it comes
up as the first thing in order during the morn-
ing hour to-day. On all such points the Chair
is in the habit of taking the statements of
members.
Mr. CALKIN. I wish it to be understood
that I did not absolutely withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair on that
statement is compelled to recognize the gen-
tleman on his honor as a .Representative,
although the Chair begs to - state in reply to
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Calkin J
