1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
balances that he had on hand at the close of
the last fiscal year, as by law he was required
to do when the book of estimates was sent in,
a resolution was passed through this House
requiring him to do so. A statement of the
unexpended balances then came in, giving them
only on the 30th day of September, 1869, which
threw no light upon the subject whatever, and
thereupon, with the consent of the Committee
on Appropriations, I offered the following reso-
lution, which was adopted:
" "Wliereasby thesecond section of the actapproved
May 1,1820, it is made the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to annex to the annual estimate of appro-
priations required for the public service a state-
ment of the sums remaining in the Treasury, or in
the hands of tho Treasurer as agent of the War or
N avy Department, from tho appropriations of former
years, estimating the sums whichwill bo required to
defray the expenses incurred inaprevious year, and
showing the whole amount which will be subject to
the disposition of the esecutive Government for the
year to which the estimates apply; and whereas the
fiscal year as provided bylaw ends on the 30th day
of June in each year, and all appropriations are by
law raquired to conform to the coming fiscal year as
so provided; and whereas Congress, by the second sec-
tion of the act approved January 31,1868, and by tho
third and fourth sections of the act approved June
17,1868, intended to prevent unexpended balances in
one branch of any Department from being trans-
ferred to another, and to require the Secretary of
the Treasury to show to Congress annually what had
been expended out of appropriations made and what
remained on hand in any Department, or any branch
thereof, at the close of each fiscal year, so that Con-
gress might legislate intelligently and with full in-
formation as to the management of each Depart-
ment; and whereas the Secretary of the Treasury
has failed to furnish tho information required, either
in his estimates originally forwarded or in the state-
ment lately sent to Congress, the 3d day of Septem-
ber having been selected in that statement instead
of June 30: Therefore,
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to furnish this House, as soon
as possible, with a full statement of all unexpended
balances in each of the branches of each Department
on the 30th day of June, 1869, estimating the sums
which will be required to defray the expenses in-
curred in previousyears, and showing also the whole
amount which he estimates will be subject to the
disposition of Congress for the year 1871."
To that resolution the Secretary of the Treas-
ury made the following reply, on the 21st day
of February, 1870:
tiieasuiiy Department,
February 21, 1870.
Sti? : In reply to House resolution of February 12,
1870, 1 have the honor to transmit herewith a state-
ment of the balances unexpended on the 30th day of
Juno, 1869, showing also the amounts estimated as
necessary to complete the service of the current fiscal
year, the amounts which may be applied in aid of
the service of the next fiscal year, and the amounts
which may be carried to the surplus fund June 30,
1870.
GEORGE S. BOUT WELL, Secretary.
Hod. Jamks G. Blaine,
Speaker House of Representatives.
He then gives them in detail as applicable
to the Departments under his control. Any
gentleman can obtain the document by calling
for Executive Document No. 155, second ses-
sion Forty-First Congress. The recapitulation
shows that for the War, Navy, Interior, Diplo-
matic, Treasury, and other Departments therein
set forth the balance on hand on the 30th day
of June, 1869, was $102,390,159 67. There
were appropriated for the expenses of these
Departments, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, $111,733,000, making a total of over
two hundred and fourteen million dollars, of
which he says there will be expended during
the current fiscal year $206,101,432 20. He
reports the estimated amounts which may
be applied for the service of the fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1870, and ending June
30, 1871, as $7,367,000; the balance to be
carried to the surplus fund is $654,000. If,
therefore, you add $654,000 to the $7,387,000,
making $8,220,3 32, and deduct that sum from
the $102,890,159 67 of unexpended balances,
you have §94,867,520 44, which the Secre-
tary certifies as necessary to be used during
ihe current fiscal year in addition to all the
appropriations made by Congress; and if you
add it to the whole appropriation already made
and now asked for this year you run it up to
very near four hundred million dollars. Ihe
Navy has spent $15,000,000 of it: between
thirty and forty millions have been spent on the
Army, and so on in each Department, making
about ninety-four million dollars, which has to
be added to the amounts appropriated to get at
the total expenditure made this year. Doubt-
less every dollar of that $94,000,000 has been
left out of the account, both by the Speaker
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and by the President of the United
States, in the statements they have made to the
country as to the actual expenditures. I shall
insert the recapitulation of the Secretary in
my remarks so there may be no mistake. It
is as follows:
M >3 rt o tJ jji
s e ** c 0
© O 2. :
S B B © '
co s  j* j
° H3 J  §■!
o <
o ™ zi i
" 1 fb!
5a ® s!
- § § s
. "< -
g B
t?S
<6 "<
8 a
£5 9
<-t >3
p
£S >§
g   " §
& 4 r? S
® ff
Q 5
V a
S 5.
B B
- ^ © w
a P <rt-
iMWWOUiCrOrfi-(
j co oi q o <r w o m t
) H _K . J- W © to <( QO (
j cn b rfi >>. b V M *w  
)OWOOiOlOlOlO-
■ Ol—'MOH-Mrf-HK-
' yt H CO O OO
M CO CO (0 A A M.
M Oi W < O W TO <
H- <X> tO O  —* O C
SOW'
—7
to i—' o < o w h ^ c;i
to Cn p Oo pi P oo Q CO
to cn M bt w Co <r H w
- - -- ~ -* - o CO -J to
-[ Oi w o
o cn cr> ■ —•!
to-TCnOOrf^OO'-SO--'T <©
OC0^I05H©h*-JC0'^X
m -r-i c"
IO <=>
cn j-*
o p w
S S
S3 ~
© P
cos
oo,
>
•°? 2 w
i CO
SaSfg *!.
• o Z.
, ~a eg.
a p p
o >-t
s * ~I
o^g'o'B
<i P 3 '
' B'o-g-g.
** K& ®
c « rt-p p
1 SLOPES
se § 2
a
Mri
£ C>
® p ^
^ 3 5!
It may be said that the balances which may
be carried forward to the next fiscal year will
be greater than the estimates of the Secretary
show. If there was likely to be any more left
at the expiration of the present fiscal year, it
was the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury
to have stated it under the resolution I offered
and the statements I set forth in the preamble.
If any part of this is to be used to go back and
pay sums then owing but not paid, it was his
duty to have stated it. But the fact is this
statement of the Secretary only gives the sums
that were in the Treasury on that day. All
sums of money that had been drawn out of the
Treasury at that time by paymasters and other
disbursing officers and were in their hands yet
unexpended—as the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Washrutix,] whom I see sitting neai-
me, well knows, as we had all these facts some-
what discussed before us—are not included in
these balances. But, in all human probability,
the sums in the hands of officers of tlie Gov-
eminent, or deposited to their credit elsewhere
than in the Treasury, were more than silfflcleht
to pay all the debts of the previous year;'so
that this whole sum of money was subject "to
the orders of the Treasury and other Depart-
ments on the 1st day of July, 1869. •
t The Secretary certifies to us that Only about
eight millions of it will remain at the close of
the year. If gentlemen say that the Secretary
did not want to estimate too closely, I will
answer that he is obliged to teH the truth, and
I believe will tell the truth. I have shown
what he says, which is, that all of it will be
necessary to complete the service of the pres-
ent fiscal year, except the sums he has given
us. And that leaves the sum of ninety-four mil-
lion three hundred and sixty-seven thousand
and odd dollars to be added to all that we
appropriated heretofore for the service of the
current year. We appropriated for this year,
to. begin with, the sum of $281,500,000, in
round numbers. In addition to what was in
the regular appropriations, we added the sum
of $3,323,811 65, as shown by the statement
at the close of the bill reported by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. That was for the previous
year, and much of it was for deficiencies, as
nearly five hundred thousand dollars for Har-
ney's expenditures, &c.
Mr. BECK. I -beg pardon; that is not
embraced in this statement. We have given
$51,000 for printing the laws andfor'the terri-
torial government of New Mexico. We have
made an appropriation of $46,910 for folding
documents, &c. The additional appropriation
for the naval Department was only a transfer;
and the $200,000 which was given for the Des
Moines rapids may be said to be in anticipa-
tion, and we need not count that. And we are
now asked by this deficiency bill to appropriate
$2,500,000 more, which, I will venture to say,
will be over five million dollars before it gets
through the Senate; and we will be lucky if it
is not swelled to a much larger sum.
We know of large items of appropriation
not included in this bill which must be met.
We know there is nearly a million dollars to
be appropriated for the cost of reconstruction
in all the military districts, part of it paid and
part of it unpaid. But besides all these sums,
which I say come to the enormous amount
I have stated, and show that the Speaker of
the House, the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] and the
President himself, were all in error as to the
actual expenditures at least $60,000,000, if
the Secretary of the Treasury tells the truth,
and I have no doubt he does. In addition to
all this, there are large sums of money drawn
from other funds of which we have no account
at all, and paid out for expenditures of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know, and I
think the House and the country should know
from the gentleman, as he seems to have in-
formation upon this point, if we have spent so
much money during the last year, how it comes
about that we had any money left to bring about
this large reduction of the public debt?
Mr. BECK. I will tell the gentleman how
we did it. Speaker Blaine shows that; and
if gentlemen will read his letter they will find
that, as he says, we collected $394,000,000 dur-
ing the last year; besides this we had a sur-
plus collected years before. I have no doubt
we had that much on hand; and we apprppn"
ated out of it only about three hundred million
dollars. The Departments used without spe-
cific appropriations during this year the un-
expended balance of $94,367,526 44, which «
surely more than sufficient for all purposes. It
left the Secretary of the Treasury with at least
