4726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
relation to the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama as well as the
amendment proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, it seems to me it ought to
be applied to this other company.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I do not understand
that. Here is a company that has started a
road from San Francisco, and has spent more
money than all the Pacific railroad companies,
except those that have got bonds, in building
its road, and it will be down to connect with
this so as to give it conncction with San Fran-
cisco, before this is built across. I want it to
have a connection with San Francisco. This
road is going to San Diego. If it is to be a
road to compete with the other lines, it should
have connection with San Francisco, so the
committee thought. When the other bill was
passed, correcting merely a technical difficulty,
1 had j^repared an amendment simply to give
that connection, and I offered it; but the
chairman of the committee raised some ques-
tion about it, and I withdrew it. The only
difficulty about the twenty-fifth section is that
there is some repetition in it; but to say you
will not provide for a connection from San
Francisco with the thirty-second parallel road
seems to me very strange. They want to go
to San Francisco, and there is a company there
able to build this line before any of the rest of
the companies will build their lines to reach
California. It has already put in over seven
millions of its own money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I inquire
of the Senator from Nevada if that section
does not give a monopoly to one company at
San ]?rancisco which will prevent any of the
other roads from ever having any such connec-
tion except by the consent of one single com-
pany?
Mr. STEWART. Not at all. R does not
prevent any other connection with San Fran-
cisco, but allows a branch to run down to con-
nect. You might as well say that the Atlantic
and Pacific have a monopoly in Missouri. You
might as well say of the road this bill provides
for that it is a monopoly. The Texas line
goes through to San Diego. This line, from.
San Francisco, ought to have a connection with
the thirty-second parallelroad. Does anybody
else propose to build that road ? It seems to
me perfectly clear that they will build it before
anybody else does. I do not see any monopoly
about it. There i3 no monopoly in this sec-
tion because it proposes such a connection.
There is very little public land in it, it is true,
but the connection is necessary to bring the
road provided for in this bill to San Francisco;
and there will be a connection with San Fran-
cisco by the road built under this section before
the Texas Pacific gets to San Diego.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire, if 1 can^ to at-
tract the attention of the Senate to the facts of
this case. In 1806 a grant of land was made
to aid in constructing a railroad from San Fran-
cisco to San Diego. The company organized
to build that road located the line of the road
so as to diverge to the southeast and cut the
eastern boundary of the State of California at
a remote point from the terminus last men-
tioned. The Secretary of the Interior thought
that their selection and location were not in
harmony with the grant.
During the present session ot Congress the
location of that line has been confirmed by an
act which has passed both branches of Con-
gress, giving San Francisco a line of railroad
from the city to a point on the southeastern
border of the State. Now this section pro-
rides, first, for the confirmation of the location
of the line first referred to, and then authorizes
the company to build two branch roads:
The said company.is also hereby authorized to
river, or at any point west thereof.
This will authorize the company to build a
branch road diverging item their main trunk
line up the coast to San Diego or any other
point they may select on the Texas line of
railroad. It proceeds to provide:
With a branch through San Joaquin and Tulare
valleys, connecting with the Western Pacific rail-
road neartheSan Joaquin ri vlt; and to aid the con-
struction of said road and branch, &o.
It will be seen, therefore, that this section
provides for another line of railroad, one end
of it diverging off to the southwest from the
main trunk line, and the other diverging off
to the northeast, thus running two parallel
roads through the southern part of California,
cutting at right angles both the thirty-second
parallel line and the thirty-fifth parallel line.
Now, if it is the intention of the Senate to
give an entire monopoly to one railroad com-
pany of all the railroads in California, then this
section of the bill ought to become a law. I
understand that the California Central Pacific
railroad was the Southern California railroad
line.
Mr. STEWART. From whom do you under-
stand that?
Mr. HARLAN. Is it not a fact ?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. HARLAN. Is it under the control of
a separate organization 1 Do not the stock-
holders in the California Central Pacific rail-
road own a majority of the stock in this com-
pany ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not know as to a
majority ; but I think not.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the honorable Sen-
ator will hardly with seriousness dispute the
fact. When one railroad company owns all
the lines existing in California, would it be
wise for the Congress of the United States to
place under their control each of the other
lines that can probably be built by the aid of
land grants to enable them to cut at right
anglesattwo points both of the parallels through
Pacific railroad lines, the one that is intended
to traverse the l}iirty-second parallel, and the
other that is intended to traverse the thirty-
fifth parallel? There is, therefore, as it seems
to me, a reason for striking out this section
independent of the reason that was urged in
relation to the other two amendments, one pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Alabama
and the other by the honorable Senator from
Missouri.
If this grant ought to be made to the company
that now controls all the railroad interests in
California, let it bo done on a separate bill,
and let this grant be made for the construction
of the Southern Pacific railroad in such a way
as to be available and practicable, so that they
maybe able to run through to the Pacific coast
without embarrassment, so that that line may
become a competing line with other lines of
road.
I am sure that this feature of the case will
meet the approval of the honorable chairman
of the committee. I know he is not in favor
of monopolies. He has expressed himself
very strongly on that subject when another bill
was before this body and under discussion.
Now, if we are not to give a monopoly of rail-
road interests to one company in the State of
California this section oujht not to remain in
this bill.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, we have
already provided in this bill for a railroad to
San Diego, on the Pacific ocean. The Atlan-
tic and Pacific bill, which is pending, provides
for another railroad to go to the ocean in Cali-
fornia. At the time the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company was organized the South-
ern Pacific of California was authorized to
connect with it on the thirty-fifth parallel.
That company has gone on and done more
than all the rest of the roads organized, the
Northern Pacific, the Atlantic and Pacific, and
every other Pacific Railroad Company, with its
own money. The bill authorizes the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company to build a road on
the thirty-second parallel. The committee
decided that the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company of California might run a branch
from their road to the thirty-second parallel,
to connect with this. They also decided that
up in the San Joaquin valley they might con-
nect with the Western Pacific. On thatbranch
I do not suppose they will get any lands of any
account, for they are all taken up. The land
there was surveyed years ago, and, subject to
private entry, was entered regularly. There is
very little land in the grant, but they are a
company able to build. If all these roads that
are built pay there will be plenty of opposi-
tion, and to say that they shall commence on
the eastern side, and that the land on the west-
ern side shall remain until the Texas Pacific
can build through, and nobody else shall build
a road there in the meantime and have a con-
nection to meet them, seems to me rather un-
reasonable. You think nothing of starting a
road in Missouri and Texas and going through
to the Pacific, and provide for building the
eastern end; but you tie up the western end
until you get it built there, and you think that
is no monopoly, if it takes twenty years!
I did not understand the Senator from Iowa
to object to this proposition in committee; nor
did I understand him to object to the propo-
sition in the Atlantic and Pacific bill; nor did
I understand liim to object to the Northern
Pacific when it went through the committee;
but when the bills come into the Senate we
meet these objections on every proposition. I
am willing this section shall be ntodified, as the
joint resolution to which I referred has passed
both Houses; but it is immaterial whether
it is or not. I think the Southern Pacific of
California ought to be allowed to make that
connection if you want the road built in any
reasonable time.
The Senator says it is owned by the Central
Pacific. The president of this company is
entirely an independent man, and a man of
great wealth, who owns a large interest and
manages the concern. I do not know but that
some persons iu the Central Pacific own slock
in this company; some of them do ; how much
I do not know. They are citizens of California
who compose this company. It is an inde-
pendent concern. Some of the Central Pacific
people have stock in it, as I understand; but I
should not suppose that would make it less
meritorious. I believe it has fulfilled its trust
as faithfully as any other company, and has
been complained of as little as any. I never
heard the Senator from Iowa complain of it,
and I do not see why that should be made a
special objection; nor do I see why this South-
ern Pacific Railroad Company of California
should not have a right, to connect with either
one of these roads. These roads are both en-
titled to go to the Pacific ocean. Let it be
connected with them. The Atlantic and Pacific
Company may go to the Pacific ocean, under
its charter, at any place it chooses. It is not
confined as to location on the Pacific ocean.
The Texas road that this bill provides for is to
go to the Pacific ocean at San Diego. Here
is a road started from San Francisco, and we
say let this connect with it; that is all. Let
there be as many roads to the Pacific ocean as
men will build; but it will be a long time before
they get them built if they commence on the
eastern end and do not commence on the west-
ern ends. Ifyou want a transcontinental road
at once, you want this company to build this
railroad six hundred or seven hundred milea
down the coast to meet the road from Texas.
That is what we want. There isno other com-
pany prepared to build it, no Qtherorganiziition
that has put in a dollar or made any effort to
build a mile, or that exoects to build a mil".
The PRESIDING 0*FFICER, (Mr. Poiiu-
ROY.) The Senator from Iowa moves to strike
out the twenty-fifth section. The question is
on that motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as I in
part represent the Stateof California,! should
like to say a few words on this subject, which
interests that State.
The Senate the other day passed a bill reviv-
