3782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
that the question itself is not of sufficiently
high privilege to take a member off the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. ; I would -ask
■what the Journal says on the subject of the
withdrawal of the motion to reconsider?
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Is it in order to move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table?'
The SPEAKER. It is; and after both
motions shall have been voted on the House
frill find itself exactly where it would be if
neither motion were made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What does the Jour-
nal say ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read that
portion of the Journal.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The morning ho ur having commenced, the House
resumed, as the regular order of business, the con-
sideration of the bill of the House No. 1889, to revive
the navigation and commercial interests of the Uni-
ted States, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Lynch to recommit the said bill to the select
Committee on the Causes of the Reduction of Amer-
ican Tonnage.
"After debate, Mr. Lynch withdrew the said mo-
tion, the question then being on the engrossment and
third reading of said bill. By unanimous consent
amendments were submitted by Mr. Benjamin J\
ISuti.kk, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Cox, Mr. Wood, Mr.
Sargent, Mr. Ingkksoll, Mr. Allison, and Mr.
Maynard.
"Mr. Lynch demanded the previous question
upon the bill and amendments; which was seconded.
" On the question then being put.' Shall tho main
question be now put'/'it was decided in tho nega-
tive—yeas 85, nays 97.
"So the House refused to order the main question
to be put.
"The morning hour having expired," &c.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Journal does not
show that any motion to reconsider was made.
The SPEAKER. The Journal contains no
record of such a motion.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr.JjYNCH. I desire to inquire what has
been the usage in cases of this kind with ref-
erence.to a bill upon which the previous ques-
tion has been moved and seconded, and which
is in the same predicament as this bill ? I ask
the Chair what has been the previous usage of
this House with reference to a bill and its man-
agement after the previous question has been
moved?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not exactly
apprehend the question of the gentleman.
Mr. LYNCH. What has been the usage of
the House in reference to the recognition of a
member having charge of a bill, after the pre-
vious question has been moved?
The SPEAKER. When a member having
charge of a bill moves the previous question
and the House seconds it, and the main ques-
tion is then ordered to be put, the gentleman
having charge of the bill is entitled to be recog-
nized for one hour, if he desires it. But on
yesterday the main question was not ordered;
the House by a majority of twelve, on the call
of the yeas and nays, refused to order it, and
in such a case the rule is to recognize some
gentleman opposed to the side advocated by
the gentleman in charge of the bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask right here if
(he Chair did not inform me, as the chairman
of the committee reporting this bill, that if
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] who
moved that the bill belaid on the table did
not claim the floor upon the bill this-morning
the Chair would recognize me ?
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cullom] came to the Chair and
said that he desired his colleague [Mr. Fauns-
worth] to be recognized in his stead, and the
Chair has carried out that understanding. If
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] had
not chosen to occupy the floor, or to assign it
to some one else, the Chair would have taken
great pleasure in recognizing his colleague, the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.] The
Chair believes he is correct in his statement.
Mr. CIJLLOM. That is right.
The SPEAKER. And the colleague of the
gentleman Irouj Illinois having voted PQ the
opposite side from the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch,] is entitled to recognition by the
Chair.
Mr'. LYNCH. Phave never known since 1
have been a member of this House the previous
question moved by the chairman of the com-
mittee having charge of the bill, if it was car-
ried as it was yesterday 
The SPEAKER. The previous question
was not carried yesterday; the House merely
seconded it. Then the question was upon
ordering the main question, and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] moved to lay the
bill upon the table, but withdrew the motion
to allow the question to be taken upon order-
ing the main question. The House then, by
yeas and nays, refused to order the main ques-
tion. Had the main question been ordered the
Chair would have recognized the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. Just there is the point. I
say that in every case since I have been a
member of this House, so far as my knowledge
extends, when the previous question has been
moved and seconded the chairman of the
committee from which the bill was reported
has been immediately recognized.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Never; never.
The SPEAKER. Not until the main ques-
tion has been ordered. The Chair very greatly
regrets that his colleague [Mr. Lynch] is not
more familiar with the rule.
Mr. CALKIN. Do I understand that I am
not entitled to the floor on my motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to
order the main question ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states
on his honor as a member of this House that
he did not withdraw the motion to reconsider,
the Chair will recognize him as entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CALKIN, I do so state; I did not
withdraw it, except temporarily.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order for a
gentleman to dispute the general recollection
of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It has been the uniform
usage of the Chair, from which he cannot vary,
to always accept the statement of a Repre-
sentative upon a question of this kind, and
never to dispute it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the record
of the Globe on this subject be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
that, because it brings up aquestion upon which
the Chair is not competent to rule.
Mr. CALKIN. I am told by some gentle-
men that I do not properly state my position.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I distinctly heard
the gentleman from New York withdraw the
motion yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. CALKIN. I withdrew the motion at
the close of the morning hour yesterday, with
the understanding that I withdrew it tempora-
rily. I expected to renew it this morning.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a different
thing.
The SPEAKER. That presents a very dif-
ferent phase of the question. If the gentleman
from New York had not withdrawn the motion
it would have come over as an appendant mo-
tion to the bill, and would be the first question
to be considered this morning. If the gentle-
man withdrew it, it was a matter of discretion
with him whether he would renew it or not;
and therefore it was the right of the Chair to
recognize some gentleman from the side which
prevailed yesterday in negativing the motion to
order the main question.
Mr. CULLOM. I think the gentleman from
New York has cloarly shown that he is not
entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. Under the circumstances,
the Chair is compelled to recognize the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] as
entitled to the floor.
Mr.-CALKIN. I only wish to maintain a
proper record in this House whether I win or
lose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair*understands
that the gentleman has been perfectly frank in
this matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Mr. Speaker, I do
not wish to occupy much time on this subject.
This bill has been considerably discussed. The
attention of the House and the country has
been attracted to it for a number of weeks;
particularly within the last few days the atten-
tion of the House must have been fixed upon
it. It is proposed by this bill to pay bounties
for building ships; and it is proposed by the
friends of the measure, as I understand, to
follow it by a bill granting large subsidies to
different lines of ships. We have in the first
place a proposition to hire men to build ships,
and then to hire men to run them after they
are built.
Mr. CALKIN. I rise to a point of order.
What is the question now before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Shall
the bill and pending amendments be engrossed
and read a third time?"
Mr. CALKIN. Upon that question, is the
gentleman from Illinois entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. He is.
Mr. CALKIN. For how long ?
The SPEAKER. For one hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was saying that
the proposition is first to hire men to build
ships, and then to hire men to run the ships
after they are built, and this for the benefit of
the manufacturers of iron in Pennsylvania
and the hewers of wood in the State of Maine.
Both the bounties and the subsidies are to be
paid by the tax-payers of the United States at
large. Now, this is asking too much of the
people who pay^the taxes of the country. It
is bearing too hard upon the overburdened
tax-payers. The gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Blaik] asks whether I want him to vote
for the bill. That is a question between him
and his constituents. If the people of his dis-
trict desire to be taxed for the purpose of pay-
ing bounties for building ships, and then paying
subsidies for running them where there is not
commerce to maintain them, he can vote for
the bill. That is not a question between him
and me, but between him and his constituents.
This bill not only proposes to give to the
ship-builder a drawbaek^o the amount of the
tariff, or an amount equivalent to what the
tariff would be, wherever the ship is built of
domestic iron or wood, but it is also proposed
to pay so much per ton every year to the man
who runs a ship, whether coastwise or across
the ocean. Gentlemen complain of the decay
of American commerce. That is attributable
to other causes than those which have been
exhibited on one side of this question. Giving
bounties to ship-builders and subsidies to ship-
owners is not going to revive American com-
merce^ You may maintain our flag upon the
seas with money ; but paying subsidies is not
going to revive the carrying trade in American
ships, unless they can carry the cheapest. We
are to enact heavy tariffs to obstruct or pro-
hibit commerce, and then vote large subsidies
to foster commerce! We must impose large
tariffs on iron, and then vote money in corre-
sponding amount to the men who build ships!
I am willing to vote for a portion of this bill.
I ain willing to take off the tariff upon mate-
rials used in the building of ships. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] says that he
will offer a bill for that purpose. When he does
that I will vote for it. Yes, sir, from whatever
materials enter into the building of ships I am
willing to take off the tariff. I will go to that
extent to revive American commerce. I shall
be glad to do it, I have no doubt such a bill
will pass this House ; for, sir, no one wants to
strike down American commerce or to throw
