1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2839
Mr. DRAKE. The second reason would
have been enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps it would. [Laugh-
ter.] But, Mr. President, I have observed
that in the discussion of questions in this Cham-
ber logic is not the only weapon brought into
requisition by the ablest debaters in the support
of favorite measures. Sometimes disputants
resort to sophistry. The honorable oen&tor
from Michigan would not stoop to this. He
lias too much self-respect; but he does, as 1
think, sometimes resort to the expedient of
raising a little smoke under which to retire
from the field on which he has been fairly van-
quished in argument.
The simple question here is not who were
the original friends of this railroad, and who
desire its construction; but, admitting its im-
portance as a national enterprise, is not the
existing grant large enough to secure its com-
pletion? Whatever throws light on this ques-
tion is pertinent; all else is extraneous.
Why, sir, the attempt to make the impres-
sion that I am now or ever was an opponent
of the construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad must be futile if anybody ever reads
the records of the Senate of the United States.
It must be known to the honorable Senator
from Michigan that I was a member of the
committee that reported the bill to aid in the
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad.
1 was a member of the committee of conference
of the two Houses that framed the existing
charter, and probably—if I may be pardoned
for saying so without egotism—1 did more than
any other member of this body to secure the
passage of the bill.
I made myself familiar with the subject;
made myself familiar with the points of differ-
euce between the two branches of Congress,
and by the partiality of the Presiding Officer
of the Senate was appointed a member of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on this subject. 1 re-
mained a member of the committee; declined
the chairmanship because I was at the same
time made chairman of the committee of con-
ference on the Union Pacific railroad bill, and
I preferred to shift a part of the necessary
labor of preparing both bills. It was then im-
posed on an honorable Senator then here from
the State of Wisconsin, (Mr. Doolittle.) The
honorable Senator from Michigan cannot suc-
ceed in making the impression, either on the
Senate or on the country at large, that I am
an enemy of this enterprise, if anybody takes
notice of what so humble an individual as I am
doe3 as a member of this body.
But, sir,when the original charter was framed
and the existing grant made we all knew that
it was gigantic in its proportions. We agreed
to it, believing it to be amply sufficient to
secure the construction of this road. The
proposition now pending is to enlarge a grant
that is without a parallel in its extent and in
its value, as I have heretofore attempted to
show. And, sir, allow me to predict here that
the friends of this very enterprise, when they
go into the money markets of the world, will |
not quote more from the speeches made by the '
honorable Senator from Michigan than they
will from my imperfect remarks. They will
not blazon it to the world that the honorable
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] in-
sisted on the floor of the Senate that these
lands were not worth more than ten cents an
acre; they will rather quote the remarks of
those who say in debate that these lands are
of vast value, as they are. They are valuable
grass-growing and grain-producing lands, and
bearing gigantic forests, now being brought
rapidly into use by the commercial nations of
the world in ship-building, and to which they
must continue to resort for ship timber until
these old primeval forests shall have been
destroyed.
Sir. why this futile attempt to make the
impression on the Senate or on the couutry or
on the> friends of the road that I have said any-
thing in disparagement of the enterprise? I
was one of its authors in the outset. I have
been among its supporters from that time to
the present. The most severe criticisms I have
ever received in the public journals in the
country have been on accouut of my friendship
for thisand kindred enterprises. Ifany one ever
takes the trouble to read the printed debates
of the Senate he must know that I am and have
been the constant, unswerving friend of three
lines of railroad from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific ocean—the great Central line, now hap-
pily completed, the North Pacific, and a line on
or near the thirty-second parallel. On this sub-
ject it is impossible that the Senator from Mich-
igan, with whom I have served so long on the
Pacific Railroad Committee, could be in error.
No, sir, this attempt is but the expedient of a
champion of a weak cause. There is not one
word of mine on record in the Globe or else-
where that can be quoted by any member of
this body showing that I have ever opposed
the passage of any properly guarded bill to
aid in the construction of a needed railroad.
But, sir, as a friend of railroads, a3 a friend
of the development of the western country, as
a friend of its rapid settlement, I do not think
it wise to give more than is necessary to secure
the construction of a road. The grant already
held by this company, in my judgment, is ample.
There is no necessity for enlarging it, and I
would not waste the public property. I would
not make profligate grants, more especially
where such grants would necessarily impede
the construction of other roads that will speed-
ily be required by a teeming population which
must soon spread over these plains and valleys.
I would not so enlarge a grant to a single com-
pany for one line of roads so as to render it
impossible in the future to stimulate the con-
struction of other needed thoroughfares in so
vast a district of country.
The honorable Senator from Michigan charges
me with being the friend of a monopoly 1 I a
a friend of monopoly! Is not this Northern
Pacific Railroad Company about to become,
under his guidance, the greatest railroad mo-
nopoly on the continent? A company that
will be able to prevent the construction of any
other road within sixty miles of its line, either
parallel or transverse, from Lake Superior to
the Pacific ocean! If I were disposed to make
unfavorable criticism of motives,'I would in-
quire whether it is the purpose of the honor-
able Senator who has just taken his seat [Mr.
Howaed] to give a monopoly to this company,
to provide that this shall be the only company
that shall ever own and manage a railroad
acrossthe northern part of our continent.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I claim no
such thing. Such a thing is absurd, to use
the term without any disrespect to the Senator
from Iowa. The idea that because the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company holds alternate
sections of land for forty miles on each side
of its line it thereby prevents the construc-
tion of any other railroad within those forty
miles is a thing to me impossible to under-
stand. Suppose it be in a State, cannot the
State charter a railroad to go right through
these lands, granting the right of way directly
through these lands? The honorable Senator
knows that a State Legislature may do this, or
a Territorial Legislature may do this, and the
Legislature of the nation may do this. So that
the pretense that this grant of land prevents
the construction of any other railroad within
the limits where their lands lie is an utter ab-
surdity in my opinion. It has no such effect
and can have no such effect. It is as compe-
tent for Congress or a State Legislature or a
Territorial Legislature to charter a company to
construct a road directly through these alter-
nate sections as tq do anything else in the
world. Why, then, is this pretense set up that
no other railroad can be built within these
limits ?
Mr. HOWELL. "By the aid of the Gov-
ernment" is the proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. "By the aid of the Gov-
ernment," says the other Senator from Iowa.
Let me ask the honorable Senator who has
made such an appeal to us on this floor whether
the Government aoes not own the even sections,
and whether the Government cannot grant the
even sections if it sees fit for the construction
of other railroads ? He knows that the Gov-
ernment can do it, and if it should become
necessary and proper to pass the legislation
he knows that the Government would do it. It
would not be in the power of the company to
whom the land has already been granted to
prevent any such thing.
Mr. HARLAN. This is another illustration
of the necessity of raising a little dust. Now,
let us look at this argument of the Senator in
"all candor. This railroad company, as he in-
forms us, with a grant of all the available land
within a distance of fifty miles on either side
of its line, cannot move a hair's breadth with-
out an additional land grant; else why the ne-
cessity of this additional legislation ? But when
I say that no other company can build a road
in the same locality without any land grant at
all, the honorable Senator says it is absurd.
His company with alternate sections in a strip
of one hundred miles in width, if we are to
credit his statements, cannot move a foot, and
he is here pleading with the Senate to grant
them more. Then when I observe that a com-
pany cannot build within these limit without
any land at all, he says it is absurd 1
I have hardly patience with such a discus-
sion. The Senator is a practical man. He
knew that I referred to this subject in a gen-
eral practical sense, and not in relation to the
constitutional power of Congress or of a State
Legislature to condemn either public or private
property for public use. Did I intimate that
Congress had not the power under the Consti-
tution to condemn private property for public
use, and if it was necessary in order to con-
struct a public road to take even the private
property of the citizen; that it had not the
constitutional right to appropriate either lands
or money for such a purpose ? No, sir; I inti-
mated no such thing. I spoke of the practi-
cability of building another railroad within
the limits of this railroad grant; that practi-
cally it became a barrier to the construction
of other roads ; that practically in the usual
mode of constructing railroads by means of
land grants it became a monopoly; that prac-
tically this company would become the only
company that would have the power to own a
railroad line across this part or the continent;
and the honorable Senator cannot gainsay it.
It is true, or else there is no necessity for the
enlargement of this grant. He must take either
one or the other horn of the dilemma. Either
this company can build with the aid of its ex-
isting grant, or no other company can build in
the vicinity of its line without any aid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like, for informa-
tion, to be allowed to ask a question.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood my friend
from Iowa to suggest just now that this bill
calls for a grant of more than forty sections to
the mile. Do I understand that this bill pro-
vides the company with more than forty sec-
tions to the mile for the length of their road ?
Mr. HARLAN. I have attempted to explain
that several times; but the honorable Senator
from Vermont was not present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to be informed.
Mr. HARLAN. I take great pleasure in
answering the question. 1 only make this
statement for the purpose of apologizing to the
Senate for repeating what I have before said.
Perhaps no existing railroad land grant con-
veys to the grantee all the land, arithmetically
