1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
firm any successor to Mr. Rollins. Nor would
the Senate confirm any collector, assessor, or
other revenue officer who was not a Radical.
Hence these enormous stealings were allowed
to gu on, and for them the Republican party
alone is responsible. Andrew Johnson was
powerless, and is now made the scape-goat of
the frauds and stealings of Radical partisans.
If our revenues have increased we owe no
thanks to the honesty of the officials of this
Administration, as it has been caused by a re-
duction of the tax from two dollars a gallon to
li li y cents on distilled spirits, and other improve-
ments in our laws. The offices were as muc-h
in charge of radical Republicans before this
year as they are now. But while it is true
i hat our revenue is increasing, we have been
and still are running into the same enormous
expenditures, and are, in ray opinion, exceed-
ing largely those of former years. While I com-
plain, and I think justly, of the outrageous
expenditures of the money of the people and
of the exorbitant and illegal expenditures at
and under the direction of the Treasury De-
partment, I want it to be understood that I
mean no reflection on the honesty or integrity
of the Secretary of the Treasury. I believe
him to be as honest a man as any gentleman
in this House or anywhere else. The Secre-
tary, 1 believe, tries his best to prevent all
these things, but the money gets away from
him at every turn in spite of all his efforts, and
will continue to do so till there is a radical
change in the whole system.
I have seen a statement in the hands of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads giving au account of what the
supervising architect of the Treasury was charg-
ing the Treasury Department for desks and
book-cases. For one book-case, if I recollect
the figures, for one of the auditors, he charged
S4.000. Other desks were from §500 to $1,000.
1 do not know who ia responsible, whether Mr.
McCartee, who is receiving his $5,000 a year,
or Mr. Mullet, the supervising architect, or
v> ho. But the fact is that mirrors were pur-
chased last year costing about twenty-seven
thousand dollars, which had to be thrown away
or stowed away, many of tliem, in the attics of
she Department because they were so gaudy
1hat the Secretary would not allow them to be
used in the Department. Some were sent to the
White House; some, Iunderstand,werebroken,
and others lost. At all events, $27,000 of the
people's money has gone to pay for them, and
they are not worth a dollar for the purpose for
which they were intended.
And so it is at every turn. The gentleman
who yesterday had charge of the military bill
[Mr. Logan] showed how wc were paying the
officers of the Army, and what is the cost. When
you turn to the Navy Department you will find
the case still worse, and we are this year asked
to appropriate $1,232,000 more than is allowed
by law for the pay of naval officers, to keep up
the thirty per cent, which lias for several years
been wrongfully taken from the Treasury and
added to their pay. When you compare the
expenditure with that of the British Navy, and
look into the estimates, you will find that we
are expending more, yes, absolutely more, for
our little Navy than England is expending on
hers, with all her magnificent ship3 of war.
The officers and men of our Navy cost on an
average §2,350 each, while the officers and
men of the English Navy are costing less than
£800 on an average.
But, as I stated, I did not intend to make a
long speech. I got up partly to say that in my
judgment the particular items of the present
deficiency bill are generally as low as they can
possibly be, and that this bill will have to be
mussed. as the services for which the money is
sought have all been rendered or cannot be
dispensed with ; and to say also that it has not
only been considered carefully, but that it has
been in the hands of one of the most econom-
ical members of the committee. l*or I will say
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
who had the bill in charge that if anything
distinguished him from his colleagues, Repub-
lican and Democratic, on the committee it was
his intense economy ; so much so that I and
others had frequently to insist that he was car-
rying it to an extent to which he ought not carry
it. Therefore, my remarks are not intended
to induce the House not to vote for the defi-
ciency appropriations now asked, because I
believe they are indispensable to the public
service. But I wanted especially when I rose
to call attention to the fact, based upon the
statement of the Secretary, that the large pro-
portion are the unexpended balances on hand
July 1, 18G9, spent during the current year,
and the appropriations already made swell up
our expenditures for this year to an amount
which I think will be shown to be forty, fifty,
or, perhaps, sixty million dollars more than
was said by the distinguished Speaker of the
House in his letter, or in the speech of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
to have been expended, which facts the House
and the country had a right to know.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to correct, one
remark that fell from the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.] He made the remark that
we did not know where the money comes from
or where it goes to. I wish to say that the tax-
payers of the country knows where it comes
from.
Mr. BECK. We all know that the labor of
the tax-payers is the source from which all
wealth comes.
Mr. COX. I think it is due to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that he
should have au opportunity to expound the
little conundrum which I put to him a short
time ago. I do not understand the consist-
ency between what the gentleman stated to the
House and what he has stated elsewhere. He
stated here that he ran all around the Depart-
ments, that he swung all around the circle,
that he even went to the Presidential Mansion
in search of economy, and found it not. The
President of the United States told him that
all he knew was about the War Department,
and he could not reduce the expenditures of
that Department; and after all his vigorous,
honest, and honorable attempts to economize
the expenditures of this Government, which
he stated to be worse than those of Andrew
Johnson, after all that, he goes out to the peo-
ple, and in the popular forum he tells every-
body that the President sends a message to New
Hampshire that his administration is exceed-
ingly economical. Why does my honorable
friend from Massachusetts make one statement
to the people and another to this House? Am
I not correct in the statement which I made to
the House, that the gentleman makes one speech
here and another speech in New Hampshire?
I want the gentleman from Massachusetts to
keep the confidence of this House. Does the
gentleman blow hot in this House and cold in
New Hampshire? Does he blow one breath
here and another breath in another place: or
will he stand up here and allow us on this side
of the House to help him against the inordi-
nate expenditures of this Government, both
in the Army and in the Navy, and in the Pres-
idential Mansion, and in this House of Repre-
sentatives. I want the gentleman to state to
the House how he can reconcile this contrariety
of views outside and inside the House.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I had occa-
sion once before to say that it is not of any
great consequence what my record is, and it is
not beyond this, that if I should make a state-
ment here in this House and then go out to the
country and make a different statement I should
justly forfeit the confidence of the House, and
they would have a right to come to the conclu-
sion either that I was not honest or that 1 did
not know what 1 was talking about. And to
the extent of satisfying the House upon that
point, 1 crave its attention for a moment.
Beyond that I do not ask this House to spend
any of its time upon me. But I do desire that
the House shall believe that 1 am honest in the
statements that I make, and they may judge
themselves whether I know what 1 am talking
about. For that purpose, and for that only, 1
allude to so much of the remarks of my dis-
tinguished colleague on the committee [Mr.
Beck] and of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] as have charged me with, having
made one statement here in this -House and
another in New Hampshire. Isubmitto those
gentlemen that either I do not know what 1
did say here and what I said in New Hamp-
shire, or they do not know; for I reaffirm here
everj- word that I uttered here in the remarks
to which the gentlemen have alluded, and 1
reaffirm every word I said in New Hampshire
upon the same subject. The whole mistake of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox]—
not quite the whole mistake of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] but the whole
mistake of the gentleman from New York, and
he is indebted, perhaps, to a colleague of mine
for having fallen into it 
Mr. COX. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I am indebted to what I have seen in the public
press.
Mr. DAWES. I refer the gentleman to the
Globe and to my printed speech for what I said
here, and what 1 said in New Hampshire I
think has been correctly reported here to-day.
Mr. COX. One word.
Mr. DAWES. Let the gentleman from New
York hear me through and then I will yield to
him. He ought to let me reply to him. I say
that the whole difficulty with the gentleman
from New York is that he does not seem to
know what I did say here. In no word that 1
uttered on this floor—and I appeal to theGlobe
to bear me out—did I ever say that this Ad-
ministration was more extravagant than that
of Andrew Johnson.
I know it was attempted in a two hours'
speech here to make me say that, but nowhere
did I say it. I will repeat what I did say, and
I ask the gentleman from New York to listen
to me, for I know he does not intend to charge
me falsely. I have not seen those remarks
since they appeared in the Globe, bnt 1 know
what I said. I did say that the estimates of
this Administration for the next year were
greater than those contained in the book of
estimates for this year, made out and furnished
to us by the profligate Administration of An-
drew Johnson. That is what I said, and that
is all I said. I tried to alarm, to awaken
apprehension on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives in reference to what is asked for
the next year, by comparing it with what had
been estimated for this year, and in order to
make it as strong as I could I said that the
estimates for this year were made for us by
that profligate Administration, and that wo
cut them down $20,000,000. The gentleman
knows very well the reply that was made to
me upon that point. But nowhere did I say
that we had spent more this year than in any
one year of the past Administration. And I
am ready to stand by all that I said in either
of those speeches on that point.
Now, sir, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] wants to know how I can say one
thing here and another in New Hampshire.
What did I say in New Hampshire? I said in
New Hampshire that the estimates made for the
next year by the bureaus, when they came to
be aggregated in the Treasury Department and
sent here to us, were too much. I now use
the words I used in New Hampshire and which
are in my printed speech, "The estimates were
alarmingly too much." I also said that
took the liberty to tell those responsible tor
them that they were too much." I am now
quoting what 1 said in New Hampshire, i
submit to my friend from New York [-Ir. ^0XJ
that he can find no syllable in the record o
what I uttered out of the House m conflict
with what I uttered here.
I also said there that I took a message to
New Hampshire from the President of the
