1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
representing those constituencies themselves.
The result of all this is the bill which we now
oiler.
It is not a general revision of the tariff, and
yet iu order to arrive at the conclusions which
we present we had to make a general revision.
In the course of our investigations we consid-
ered the duties imposed, or which it is thought
right to impose, or which ought not to be
imposed upon every present dutiable article
brought into the country; and it was sometimes
just as difficult and required as much investi-
gation and as much of time to determine what
should not be put into the bill as to decide what
should be placed in it. It is, therefore, a bill
amendatory of the tariff only, and not a gen-
eral tariff bill. We have confined it to those
things with regard to which either some change
of classification or description was thought to
be necessary, or where some change of rate or
manner of imposing the duty was thought to be
needed ; and this bill, therefore, consists in a
variety of items in reference to which there is
proposed some change in the tariff, omitting
all those items with regard to which no chauge
in respect to duties is proposed. Whatever
gentlemen do not find, therefore, in this bill
which is asubject of duty, they may understand
is to be found in the present existing law, not
interfered with bf any proposition made now
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to inquire whether
the bill which has been reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is the unanimous
report of that committee ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I may as well answer the
gentleman here as at any other time. The
order to report the bill was the unanimous
order of the committee, but it would be idle
for me to say that the committee was unani-
mous upon each one of the items contained in
the bill. The bill in the aggregate is the result
of their joint deliberations, and without speak-
ing for any other gentlemen of the committee,
I can say for myself there are items omitted
from that bill that I think onght to have been
brought into it; there are items in the bill
containing certain provisions in regard to the
duty upon articles which I think either too high
or too low; but every single item that is in the
bill, of course would not have been there if it
had not had the sanction of a majority of the
members of the committee present, and gen-
erally we had a very full committee to act upon
every subject.
If the gentleman knows anything about the
mode of making up a bill with such a variety
of details, such an almost unlimited number of
subjects, he must know that the issues pre-
sented and to be considered are nearly endless.
As I said before, we took up every item in the
existing tariff law, went over them, considered
them, and the reports whi^h we make of items
embodied in this bill are reports as to what we
considered proper to be changed, or what a
majority of the committee considered proper
to be changed. The whole bill is the embodied
result of those several decisions upon the sev-
eral different items.
Mr. CULLOM. If the gentleman will allow
me a word more, I will say that of course I
understand that this bill is made up of a great
number of items, and it is probable that each
one of the committee is not entirely in favor
of every item in the bill. But what I desired
to inquire, if it is proper for the gentleman to
answer, was whether the bill, as reported by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, received the unanimous vote of the
members of the committee, and whether each
member of the committee now comes here in
favor of the bill as a whole as reported by the
committee?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that is a question
improper to be asked, and not proper to be
answered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was about to make
that point of order.
! Mr. SCHENCK. And not within the rules
i of the House of Representatives. As the organ
of the Committee of Ways and Means, I report
this bill to the House as the result of their labor
upon this subject. It is very possible, I may
say, that when amendments come to be offered
to the bill upon this floor, members of the
committee may differ with each other in their
votes, some sustaining and others opposing
these amendments. But ray duty is discharged
when I present this bill as the result of the
labors of the committee, no member of the
committee that I know of dissenting from this
report of the general result of the committee's
labor.
There is another feature of this bill; and
though I do not intend to go now into any gen-
eral discussion of the bill, or any discussion
of its merits in any particular, there is another
feature of it which I will state. We have
sought, wherever it is possible, to convert ad
valorem duties into specific duties, and we have
done that very frequently where the specific
duty neither adds to nor takes from the amount
of duty actually imposed upon the articles to
be imported. In other words, we have en-
deavored to give equivalent specific duties in
the place of ad valorem duties. Those who
are in favor of protection of American industry
would generally favor this, because it is, on
some accounts, as every one will understand
without my entering into the explanation now,
a better mode of sustaining the principle of
protection. Those who are in favor of sus-
taining the Government in the collection of its
revenue will generally be found, I think, to be
inclined to give their sanction to specific duties
in preference to ad valorem duties, because
one of the most fruitful sources of fraud upon
the revenue arises from undervaluations and
false invoices, and specific duties are intended
to cut off the possibility of those frauds.
We have also embodied another feature in
this bill. It will be found that we have very
much enlarged the free list. That has been
done on two grounds. In the first place,
among drugs particularly, and various little
articles imported into the country, we found
products of other countries brought here in
small quantities, or upon low duty, where the
amount of duty has scarcely paid the cost of
collection. And we have thought it best not
; to keep up the expense and the complication
, of the machinery of the custom-house for the
collection of duties of that kind, even though
there were no other reason for abolishing
them.
I Then various articles which are in the nature
| of raw materials have been put into the free
1 list, thus affording facilities to American indus-
tries by giving them indirect advantage without
, increased burden upon the people. In some
| cases, too, we have thought that to encourage
i the bringing in of bulky raw material from
| abroad to be manufactured at home would be
j an advantage to the shipping interests of the
I country.
Connected with this subject of raw material
I may say here that there is another peculiarity
in this bill, which, to some small extentat least,
makes it different from other bills heretofore
placed upon your statute-books. Where raw
materials are produced in the country, we have
songht to give to them a measure of protection,
equivalent in some degree to the protection
heretofore afforded, for the most part, princi-
pally to manufactured goods. Thus the pro-
visions of this bill extend at least a little more
advantage to the agricultural interests of the
country than perhaps any former tariff.
But, as I have said, I do not mean to be drawn
into a discussion of the merits of this bill in any
way—least of all of anyone particular provision
or item in it. All questions of that kind will
come up at the proper time, when we shall pro-
ceed to consider the bill in its details.
My colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] desires to say
something before the question is taken upon the
reference of the bill; and allowing him what-
ever time he wants I will retain the floor, with
the view to having the bill disposed of in the
manner I have indicated by a reference to the
Committee of the Whole, with the understand-
ing to which I have already alluded in respect
to the time to be given to its consideration.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I have asked
the chairman of the committee to yield to me
in order more particularly that I may ask that
this bill be not considered by the House in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union until at least two weeks hence. Gen-
tlemen who may examine the provisions of the
bill will observe that it affects every material
interest in this country so far as its material
interests can be affected by a tariff for revenue
or protection. The bill as presented to the
House by the Committee of Ways and Means
changes the values of property in this country
to the extent of not less than $50,000,000.
Hence it seems to me important that the Rep-
resentatives of the people should have time an d
opportunity to examinethe bill before we enter
upon its discussion here in Committee of the
Whole. It will take at least three days to print
this bill. It will take a week after the bill is
printed to send it from here to remote parts
of the country, and every part of the country
is affected by its provisions. I trust, therefore,
the House will not hastily undertake its con-
sideration.
I have said that the measure affects largely
every interest in the country by a change of
rates. 1 need give a few instances only, as,
for example, the article of iron. There is now
upon our statute-books a classification with
reference to the various manufactures of iron,
which classification is entirely changed in this
bill. The effect of this new classification is to
increase the protection to the iron manufac-
turer upon many articles of manufactured iron
entering largely into the consumption of the
; country. In addition to that there is an actual
j increase of duty upon many articles of manu-
i factured iron which enter largely into the
' consumption of the country. Now, this feature
of the bill should be carefully examined, and
it is not enough that it should be examined by
those people who live near this capital engaged
in iron manufacture; the bill should reach the
remotest portions of the country where the
consumers of iron are to be affected by our
legislation.
The bill also changes the classification of
steel and some manufactures of steel; espe-
cially upon the lower grades the duty is largely
increased. It is true that upon other classes
of steel the rates of duty are decreased. It
also makes a complete change in the classifi-
cation upon the article of sugar, which to-day
yields to us a larger revenue than any other
single article in the country. The classifica-
tion is changed in the interest of the refiners
of this country, although the general rates of
duty are reduced, so that the price of sugar will
be reduced somewhat by the bill as reported
and the revenue largely diminished. I agree
that this will be a reduction to the people of
the country; but while we reduce the price of
sugar to the people of the country we also
increase the protection to the sugar refiners.
This bill may or may not be right in its pro-
visions with reference to sugar; but it is neces-
sary and important that the whole people—the
dealers in sugar, the importers of sugar, and
the consumers of sugar—should have an oppor-
tunity to examine this question to ascertain
what effect the measure will have upon the
revenues of the country, and what relative
effect it will have upon the consumers of this
article and upon those who are engaged in the
manufacture of sugar in this country.
Now, these are changes which are made, as
will be observed, in the leading articles of con-
sumption affected by the tariff laws. The
chairman of the committee has mentioned that
