1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4727
itig and confirming to the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company of California a grant of a
large quantity of lands which had been with-
drawn on behalf of that road several years ago.
That withdrawal, as the Senate will remember,
was afterward set aside by the Interior Depart-
mentbecause this company, originally chartered
by the State of California to construct a road to
San Diego, had seen fit to abandon that route
for the sake of a better route, and still more for
the sake of a large body of much better lands
to be found in parts of the State remote from
its lawful route. The withdrawal was therefore
invalid, and was set aside.
Subsequently the State of California, so far
as it, could, invested the company with such
powers as to enable it to change its route, so
as to pass into and down the Tulare valley and
thus to claim the lands originally withdrawn.
Upon that the Senate acted, confirming the
new route, and also the lands withdrawn for
(hat route. The route which was then con-
firmed by the Senate was a route commencing
at San Jose, going down the valley of Santa
Clara by way of Gilroy, crossing the coast
range between the thirty-sixth and thirty-sev-
enth parallels, into the Tulare valley to the
east of the range, and thence down the Tulare
valley in a general southeasterly direction,
reaching the eastern border of California about
the thirty-fifth parallel, in the neighborhood of
Fort Mohave. Tlfat was the route which the
company then desired and then obtained. That
route, the Senate will perceive, contemplated a
connection with a road on the thirty-fifth par-
allel ; and it was a route in accordance with
the original charter of the company, or at least
with the route, as it claimed under the with-
drawal of lands made, which was afterward
set aside.
This evening the company is here demand-
ing something which is very much more, and
very important in its general character. We
have here a long section—twenty-five—of the
bill, the most obscure and ambiguous as to the
new routes granted I have yet seen, always
excepting the joint resolution in relation to
the Northern Pacific railroad. You must give
it much study, or you must have a good knowl-
edge of localities in California, or you will
never pick out the meaning of the words used,
01* discover the purposes for which the amend-
ment can be used.
The Senator from Iowa, having had a great
experience in such matters, is entirely right in
the construction which he has placed upon this
section. It is perfectly capable, I tell the Sen-
ate, of being so construed, and undoubtedly it
will be so construed as to permit the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company of California to
build anew road from any point tliat it chooses
to select between the city of San Francisco and
the east side of the Tulare valley, east or west
of the coast range of mountains, and from
that to run down to the great Southern or Texas
Pacific railroad, along the thirty-second par-
allel, connecting with it at any point in the
State of California, across its entire territory,
from the Colorado on the eastern boundary to
San Diego on the Pacific.
What more does this extraordinary section
do? It enables the company to have another
road, which will be its third road, of indefinite
length, under the designation of "a branch,"
commencmgat some point not mentioned, but
which it is left to the company to fix where it
pleases; thence, passing ''through San Joa-
quin and Tulare valleys, connecting with the
Western Pacific railroad near the Sau Joaquin
river."
This is the peculiar language employed.
Now, sir, the words "a branch through the
San Joaquin and Tulare valleys " mean a road
through a country anywhere from one hundred
and fitty to three hundred and fifty miles long—
I speak generally when I say so. Consequently
this "branch," beginning anywhere that may
be fixed by this company, having its terminus
generally on the line of the Western Pacific
near the San Joaquin river, may have a length
of three hundred or three hundred and fifty
miles. Is there anything more? Yes; much
more. Both these new roads given to the com-
pany—one running down to any point the com-
pany may fix between the Colorado and San
Diego, to connect with the great southern road
to the Pacific, or the thirty-second parallel road;
the other running at large up and down the San
Joaquin and Tulare valleys—are to have all the
privileges, rights, and grants of land which are
given to the company by the act of 1866 ; that
is, as to the land, forty sections to the mile in
a Territory and twenty sections in a State.
It is true that the Senator fromNevada [Mr.
Stewart] says that upon the '• branch," as it
is called, through the Tulare and San Joaquin
valleys, there is little or no land. This is the
usual statement; and as usual there is nothing
iu it. I am inclined to think there is a great
deal of land to be obtained by this " branch "
road in the two great valleys named. The
valley of the San Joaquin is the largest and in
most respects the finest valley, except that of
the Sacramento, on the Pacific coast. The
Tulare valley is a large and fertile valley also,
and is now being developed with a rapidity
almost unknown in a new country so long
secluded from settlement by man.
The sum of the whole is, that the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company has already, under
the bill recently passed, one route running
south down the Tulare valley to the parallel
of thirty-five degrees. By the section now pro-
posed it has two other routes; one running
north, as a "branch," through the Tulare and
San Joaquin valleys, connecting with the West-
ern Pacific railroad near the Sail Joaquin river;
the other a road which, if the company chooses,
will run from some point on the roads between
San Francisco, San Jose, and Gilroy, through
counties between the coast range and the Pacific
to some point upon the thirty-second parallel.
This series of roads enables the company, if it
sees fit, to control the entire railroad system
of California; not only up and down the Tulare
and San Joaquin valleys, from Stockton to
Fort Mohave, but also between the coast range
and the Pacific. I assure the Senate that
neither in the valleys I have mentioned nor in
all the rest of California between the coast
range and the sea is there room for more than
one road, whether you consider tho natural
configuration of the country or the population
and business.
What, then, is the general result of this sec-
tion twenty-five? The result is that the South-
ern Pacilie E,ailroad Company of California
practically controls the entire State of Califor-
nia from the Bay of San Francisco south to
the Mexican line, and from the eastern line to
the Pacific. And when the Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stewart] says that you allow the
Atlantic and Pacific road to go to the Pacific,
and when another Senator shall say to you
that you allow the Kansas Pacific also to go
to the Pacific, I ask, how are they to get there?
Right in their track is the Southern Pacific
company, with its three lines of railroad run-
ning north and south between the Bay of San
Francisco and the thirty-second parallel on
one side of the coast range and on the other
side; each road with its belt of lands forty
miles wide barring the way to every other rail-
road. If any other road should get to our
coast, how is it to live after it gets there?
All this, Mr. President, is made the show
of giving to the Southern Pacific railroad a
connection with the great Southern trunk line
on the thirty-second parallel. To such a con-
nection there is no objection ; at least, none
with me. I am for giving such a connection
to the company wherever it will fix it within
reasonable limits. But a connection, or one or
more, is a very different thing from what is pro-
posed by section twenty-five of the present bill.
The Senator from Nevada, who presses this
section twenty-five, does net belong to the State
of California. He is not identified with it
either as a representative or as a citizen. If
he were, I know he would not dream,of such
a measure. It will be heard of with indigna-
tion in all parts of that State—a proposition to
surrender to one railroad company the whole
of that State south from the Bay of San Fran-
cisco. It is not right; and it does not become
Senators in this age of the world or in this
country to propose such a thing in reference
to a State for which they have no authority to
speak. I beg the Senate not to suffer it to be
done. Such a section will be the paralysis of
all competing lines of railroad throughout Cal-
ifornia south of San Francisco, and of all com-
peting lines across the continent to the Pacific.
I believe I am speaking the views of the
people of California when I say that while
they are willing the Southern Pacific railroad
should connect with the great southern rail-
road line, they are opposed to its controlling
the entire railroad system south of San Fran-
cisco, also north and south or across the con-
tinent to the Pacific. I submit they have as
much right to be regarded as the Senator
from Nevada, and that upon the whole subject
they are likely to be at least as disinterested in
their purposes and judicious in their projects
as anybody outside of the State.
, Mr. STEWART. I think if the honorable
Senator from California had observed the rule
that he now lays down, if he had not meddled
with anything outside of the State of Califor-
nia, these railroad bills would have had a much
easier time in the Senate. If he had not taken
charge of Minnesota, of Oregon, of Alabama,
and of every other section of the country, if he
had not felt it to be his duty to take special
charge of these railroad matters, I think there
would have been more railroad bills passed in
the Senate, and not so much time expended in
debating them. 1 do not think there is any-
thing in that point. I think he has a perfect
right to lake charge of railroads in Minnesota,
and criticise my friend, the Senator from that
State, who is so successful in passing railroad
bills ; and I am certain that the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] takes it very good
naturedly in his case.
Now, what does the State of California,
through its Legislature, say as to this railroad ?
What does it contemplate ? The Legislature
of California, at its last session, passed an act
unanimously asking for the very legislation that
we have had, and authorizing this same com-
pany to receive further legislation, knowing
that it was the only live company that would
do anything, and they wanting this road built.
Let me read that act:
An act to aid in giving effect to an act of Congress
relating to the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
The people of the State of California, represented
in senate and assembly, do enact as follows :
Section 1. Whereas by tlie provisions of a certain
act of Congress of tho United States of America, enti-
tled "An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from San Fran-
cisco to the eastern line of tho State of California,"
approved July 27, 1866, certain grants were made
to, and certain rights, privileges, powers, and author-
ity, were vested in and conferred upon theSouthern
Pacific P^ailro ad Company, a corporation duly organ-
ized and existing under the laws of the State of
California; therefore, to enable the said company to
more fully and completely comply with and_ per-
form tbe requirements, provisions, and conditions
of the said act of Congress, and ail other acts of
Congress now in force or which may hereafter bo
enacted, tho State of California hereby consents to
said act, and the said company, its successors and
assigns, are hereby authorized and empowered to
change the line of its railroad so as to reach the
eastern boundary line of tbe State of California, by
such route as the company shall determine to be tho
most practicable, and to file new and amendatory
articles of association; and the right, power, and
privilege is hereby granted to, conferred upon, and
vested in them to construct, maintain, and operate,
by steam or other power, the said railroad and tele-
graph line mentioned in said acts of Congress, here-
by conferring upon and vesting m the said company,
its successors and assigns, all the rights, privileges,
franchises, power, and autbonts-, conferred upon,
granted to, or vested in said companv by the said
acts of Congress, and any act of Congress which may
be here after enacted.
Sec. 2. This act shall take effect and be in force
from and after its passage.
