4728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The Legislature of California contemplated
that this was the company to build the road,
and it was specially designated; and they not
only conferred upon it the right to take this
land, but to take any other grant that Congress
might see fit to give them. Now, if you want
a road speedily constructed to connect with
either the thirty-second or the thirty-fifth par-
allel, this is the company to build it.
Senators speak of this being an immense mo-
nopoly. Why, sir, this is a narrow strip of land;
it is a narrow belt of land along the coast. The
road runs down and comes to a bow and strikes
off on the thirty-fifth parallel. The proposition
is to let them run abranch, if they choose, down
to the thirty-second parallel, and also to run a
branch through the San Joaquin valley, where
they are to connect with the Western Pacific.
That, I know, will be for the accommodation of
the citizens there. The Legislature, at its last
session,.passed an act to allow the counties of
the State to vote on a proposition to subscribe
$6,000 a mile to this line through the San Joa-
quin valley and for the Southern Pacific line.
The act in relation to this San Joaquin line
passed both houses, but the Governor vetoed
it; and then it passed the house almost unan-
imously, but was beaten in the senate by one
vote. The Legislature afterward passed an act
allowing the people of San Francisco to vote
upon the question whether the city should con-
tribute $1,000,000, and they did vote to con-
tribute that amount.
Now, as to these other roads that are spoken
of, we have never heard of them before; and
if there is any intention of having a southern
overland road, the company that has already
got eighty miles of road in operation, which
has a large amount of property in San Fran-
cisco, and is able to push the work along,
should be allowed to connect with it. I do not
wish to prevent any of these roads going there,
or to any place they can find; but this road
building on that end 1 say should connect with
it. If the work is ever to be done, this road
should connect with it. Let the Atlantic and
Pacific go on to the coast; let the Texas Pacific
go to the coast; and let this road go down and
make a connection with whichever one it comes
across, so as to have an overland road.
Mr. TIPTON, (at ten o'clock and seven
minutes p. m.) As it is evident this bill can-
not be passed to-night, and as much good
speaking has already been indulged in upon
jt, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
["No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 25.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, hitherto the
southern portion of the State of California has
not been accommodated with any railroads.
A small branch, some twenty miles in lcrngth,
has but just been completed from the city of
Los Angeles to the occan. A system of rail-
roads is now contemplated for the southern
portion of that State, into which a large pop-
ulation has been tending within the last two
years.
The proposition now pending, as 1 under-
stand it, authorizes two branches from the
road that was authorized in 1866 to connect
with the Atlantic and Pacific road; one to
extend further south, cutting that portion of
the State of California, and connecting with
the thirty-second parallel road, if that shall be
built. The other is from some convenient
point in the San Joaquin valley, to extend
north to unite with the Western Pacific. That
branch of the road, as I understand it, will be
but a short one. It will be to make a connec-
tion between the two roads that will be built
through different portions of the San Joaquin
valley. If these roads can be built, and will be
built, they will be, of course, of very great ad-
vantage to our State. I should not think of
supporting this measure if I had not implicit
confidence in the good intentions of the com-
pany that propose to build the road, and on
whose behalf the grant is to be made. They
have manifested a very considerable degree of
energy. They have extended their road some
eighty miles south of San Francisco, and are
continuing it still further south over a line upon
which they have already been authorized by
Congress to construct their road. I suppose if
these branches are to be built at all, they will
need to be accommodated by a grant of land.
I suppose that if any railroad company were to
build the road they would expect the grant of
land which is usually made to aid in the con-
struction of these enterprises. These grants of
lands are very considerable, it is true ; but it
will be remembered by my colleague, and I
state for the information of the Senate, that a
very large proportion of this land is to-day
utterly valueless, is entirely desert, and will
always remain so.
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague will allow
me to inquire whether lie is speaking of land
between the mountains and the coast of Cali-
fornia?
Mr. COLE. lam speaking of the lands south
of the San Joaquin valley. My colleague is
certainly aware that all the southern portion
of the State, comprising at least a third of the
State, is utterly barren, and entirely desert.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to call my col-
league's attention to the fact that one of the
two new roads proposed by this amendment
may be, and doubtless will be, built from some
point on the San Jose or Gilroy road down to
the thirty-second parallel road iu that part of
California west of the mountains.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose that is the
intention.
Mr. CASSERLY. And there is a great
deal of the best land in the world there.
Mr. COLE. I suppose the intention is to
construct the road from a point in the San
Joaquin valley, or Tulare valley, south to the
thirty-second parallel road, but not over the
same line, because the road that is now pro-
jected, and for which Congress has already
made a grant, extends through that valley, and
tuey will necessarily connect at the lower end
of the valley, and both I suppose will have to
go through the same pass precisely.
Mr. CASSBKLY. I do not think my col-
league understands me still. I say one of the
two new roads contemplated by this amend-
ment may be, and doubtless will be, built from
some point on the Sail Francisco and San Jos6
or San Jos6 and Gilroy road down to the
thirty-second parallel road, through that part
of California lying upon the coast and between
the Pacific ocean and the coast range of mount-
ains. That is quite clear.
Mr. COLE. I do not at all understand it
as my colleague does. I do not suppose the
road will connect with the San Jose and Gilroy
road at all, but that the connection will be
made very far south of Gilroy, and unques-
tionably on the other side of the range of
mountains that is to be found there. 1 have
no expectation that the connection will be made
as my colleague supposes it will be.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my colleague will allow
me to read to him what the section says, he
must conclude that it leaves it in the power of
this company to choose any route that it thinks
fit in all the State of California, from the east-
ern boundary to the Pacific ocean, and of
course it will choose the best route, the best
for business, the best for land ; and that is a
route from some point on the two railroads
that connect San Francisco with San Jose and
the town of Gilroy, and thence running in a
general southerly direction to the thirty-second
parallel road between the coast range and the
Pacific ocean, and through some of the best
counties we have in that State, as my colleague
knows. This is the language:
And said company is also hereby authorised to
extend its present railioad and telegraph lino from
such point and i;y .shHi route as it may select ;o con-
nect wiih the Tex.js Vacilic railroad at the Colorado
river, or at any point west thereof.
Now, my colleague will bear in mind that
the Colorado river is the eastern boundary of
the State of California at the thirty-second
parallel, and consequently it allows this road
to select any point in all the State of Califor-
nia from the Colorado river along the line of
that road to San Diego. Now, this company
which is referred to, as my colleague knows,
has a line of road at Gilroy. It may start from
that point on that line and go to San Diego
through the best part of the State of California.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I do not con-
strue it as my colleague does, that the priv-
ilege given to them is to connect with the road
at some point so near the northern part of it;
but that the grant or privilege is to connect
with the Southern Pacific railroad where it
diverges to the east to connect with the Atlan-
tic and Pacific railroad, and then strike south
until it intersects with the thirty-second par-
allel road. If my colleague will propose any
amendment that will be more sure to restrict
them to the idea I have of it I will gladly sup-
port his amendment; but I think his construc-
tion is hardly a reasonable inference from the
language that is found in the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my colleague will suffer
one more interruption, he eertamly does not
suppose this company to be insane enough to
build two nearly parallel lines through the
Tulare valley.
Mr. COLE. That is precisely the reason
why I suppose they will not adopt the idea that
my colleague supposes they may possibly adopt.
If they were to connect with the road at or
near Gilroy they would be necessarily upon
about the same line for two or three hundred
miles, until they passed through the mountains
at the south end of the San Joaquin valley.
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague is very
much mistaken. He does not understand the
route of this road at all as I do. After this
road leaves Gilroy, taking a general southeast-
erly direction, it crosses the coast, range into
the Tulare valley on the east, and thence it
goes down to the southeastern boundary of
California. Now, his construction of this sec-
tion is—I beg his attention to this point—that
the company means to construct one of the two
new routes also through the Tulare valley; and
I say they will not be guilty of any such insanity
when the general ambiguous language of the
section leaves it in their power to build the new
lines, or one of them, upon the side of the
mountain, between the mountains and the
Pacific coast.
Mr. COLE. I have not the bill that is under
consideration now before me to see the exact
language that is found in it, but I certainly
have not supposed that the connection with the
Southern Pacific railroad made by the branch
that is to extend south would be anywhere near,
or, indeed, within two or three hundred miles
of the point spoken of by my colleague.
Another proposition is to extend a road, as
I stated awhile ago, from the Southern Pacific
railroad of California north to connect with the
Western Pacific of California, at or near tin; San
Joaquin river. Every one in that valley will see
the necessity for such a road. It is a road that
is required by the business that is already in
existence in the valley. It will be of infinite
advantage to those who are now occupying
farms there. It will be built, I have no doubt,
by some company, and I have no objection to
their being benefited by a grant of lands such
as has been usually given for the construction
of railroads in that State and in other States.
I acquiesce tho more readily in this, believing,
as I do, that the company mentioned here arc
marked for their energy and will prosecute the
work with vigor.
There is one point, however, in this bill to
which 1 wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate ; and that is, that there is no provision in
it lor the protection of irrigating projects. Now,
it is well known to all who have been iu thy
southern portion of the State of California,
who have been in Arizona or iu New Mexico,
and even in Texas, that much of ihe land in
i those States and Territories is of a chaiocter
