952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13
the measure makes material changes in the
articles of drugs. There has been in this bill
a complete revision of the drug tariff. That
revision is, I have no doubt, calculated to re-
duce the tariff upon drugs, chemicals, &c.;
but it is important the people of the country
should know whether the Committee of Ways
and Means have made a proper adjustment of
these duties, and in order that they shall know
it ample time should be given. It is true, as
the chairman has said, that it places upon the
free list a large number of articles not hitherto
placed on the free list; and while it does this
these articles placed upon the free list are
mainly placed there in the interest of protec-
tion ana not in the interest;of revenue.
I hear gentlemen of the committee state that
what I have said is not true. I state, sir, that
there are many articles placed on the free list
which are elements in the manufactures of the
country while a corresponding redaction is not
made upon articles not protected. There are
many other articles placed upon the free list
where no corresponding reduction is made upon
articles into the manufacture of which they enter.
It is important that the Representatives of
the people should examine this question and
see whether there should not be a correspond-
ing reduction on the manufactured goods into
which these elements enter. While it is true
there are many minor articles on the free list
in this bill there is nothing in reference to the
reduction or abolition of duty on the article
of coal. Nor is there anything in this bill in
reference to the reduction or abolition of duty
on salt, which d uty affects injuriously at present
the agricultural interests of this country. There i
are other articles which I might mention not
affected by this bill which ought to have re-
ceived) in my opinion, the favorable consider-
ation of this committee in the way of large
reductions in the interest of revenue and to
promote industry.
In my judgment this bill is in the interest of
protection rather than in the interest of the
revenue. It is in the interest of that class of
the people in the country who make large prof-
its out of manufactures and not in the inter-
est of the consumers of the country. There-
fore I desire there may be ample opportunity
given for the discussion of the bill and for its
examination before that discussion begins. If
I am mistaken I wish to be corrected, and Rep-
resentatives can correct me wherein I have been
wrong. As I understand it I cannot support
its leading provisionsr
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order, and that is that the discussion
of the merits of this bill is not in order at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and would direct the attention
of members to the fact that the limit of debate
on the pending question is very narrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very sorry my friend
and colleague on the committee did not bear in
mind that rule and confine himself to what was
properly before the House.
_ Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know whether I
can or not.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to show what
important interests were affected by this bill
in order that we might have ample time to pre-
pare for its disoussion, and it was for that rea-
son I asked for a longer postponement than is
proposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman endeav-
ored to show a great deal more than that.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me.
Mr. SQHENCK. Not for a moment. I pro-
pose, knowing all to be true as stated by my col-
league on the committee, to allow ten days of
umi8 tlthe Pr'n^.n8 and examination of this
i. n I .was inquired of by my colleague
on the committee as to my purpose or the pur-
pose of the committee—for J am acting with
the understanding of at least a majority of the
committee on that point—and mentioned this
time, he thought it would be well to suggest a
longer time, and asked if I would yield the
floor for that purpose. I said, unquestionably;
' and had that suggestion come from my col-
I league or any one else I would have modified
I my motion, if it seemed to be the desire of the
J House, or left it to the House to determine
j what time should be taken for this prepara-
| tion. That was my object. If there was any-
! thing said by my colleague on the committee
that would intimate a disposition on the part
of any member of the committee to take ad-
vantage of the House or country by hurrying
too speedily to the consideration of this bill he
is utterly and strangely mistaken. I think
there is no disposition on the part of any of
the committee except to afford the fullest and
freest debate and the fullest and freest oppor-
! tunity for amendments, and with a view to the
fullest time for preparation; and now, if
! thought better to say two weeks hence, which
j I believe is the time indicated by my colleague
on the committee, I for one shall cheerfully
consent. I only desire to expedite business as
far as may reasonably be done, but not to
hurry it improperly. I will make it, therefore,
two W6cks
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mod-
ify his motion ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; I modify my
motion as I have indicated.
But, before I sit down, I will take the oppor-
tunity of answering some of the remarks which
have been made by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] with the view apparently that
his impressions of the bill should go to the
{ country along with the bill itself. It was not
my intention that on this motion the discussion
of the bill should be entered upon on either
side, and I am sorry that any general discussion
should have arisen at this stage. I feel it neces-
sary, however, to comment on one or two of
the gentleman's remarks.
My colleague a good deal misapprehends, I
think—that will be determined when we come
to consider the bill—its general temper and
character and tendency. 1 can only under-
stand this by remembering that during most of
the time when the investigations took place on
the part of the committee, the result of which
we now lay before the House, my colleague was
hard at work on another business, [laughter,]
in which I am heartily sorry that he did not
succeed.
I do not think that this is a bill which is in
the interest of protection rather than of rev-
enue. It makes an absolute reduction in regard
to actual or apparent revenue in a number of J
cases. We thought we might, perhaps, take :
$20,000,000 from the aggregate amount and
yet be able to get along and have sufficient
revenue for the necessities of the Government.
But although we have approached that—not,
however, quite so closely as we had expected—
I do not think that even where we have made
reductions we are going greatly to decrease the
actual revenue of the country. For instance, i
we have put coffee down from five cents to four
cents ana tea from twenty-five cents to twenty
cents, taking off, by way of beginning, from
these articles twenty per cent., or one fifth of
the duty now imposed upon them. This with
the same importation would make a decrease
of about five million dollars, because the aggre-
gate revenue from these two items now is about
twenty-five million dollars. But the commit-
tee believe, and they are confirmed in their
belief from looking back at the result of a sim-
ilar lowering of these duties in the past, that
taking off $5,000,000 apparently will not take
off $5,000,000 in fact; but that the increase of
importation and consumption of these articles
will probably make up some two or three mil-
lion dollars of the amount of duty we now
receive.
The same will be the case with regard to
many other articles. In relation to those arti-
cles which are put npon the free list, the placing
of them there will unquestionably operate
advantageously to the manufacturer, while in
many instances it will not affect the manufac-
turers. But as I stated, in most cases our
motive for taking off these duties was that we
might not keep up the machinery for the col-
lection of what produces an inconsiderable
revenue; and when my colleague made the
general statement—however, he modified it
afterward—that these reductions by placing
articles on the free list were all in the interest
of protection, he was mistaken.
Now, sir, let me say, while taking care that
I am not myself led into an argument upon
the merits of the bill—let me say that through-
j out, so far as I know, the members of the
1 committee have desired to keep three things
in mind. While they were planning the legis-
! lation to be proposed to this House they en-
] deavored to remember and keep constantly
in view revenue, protection, and consumption.
We found that when manufacturers came
to us their vision was so narrow that fher
could see nothing except what would bring
protection to their products. We found that
when importers came to us they wanted every-
thing free, or to make as near an approach to
that as possible, never remembering that reve-
nue was needed any more than the others did.
We found that both of them were apt to for-
get, with that natural bias which men always
have in favor of their own interest, that the
interests of consumers also had to be looked
after. But the committee have endeavored, as
far as practicable, to remember that there is
revenue to be raised; there is protection to
American industry to be provided for as far as
can be done by proper discrimination; and that
there is the interest of the consumer, who is to
purchase the articles, and who should be aided
in purchasing them at as low a price as is con-
sistent with the general interests of the coun-
try; and keeping in view revenue, protection,
and consumption, and trying to decide upon
every item as nearly as might be so as to recon-
cile all those interests, sometimes conflicting
with each other, the result is before the House
for the House and Congress to make what they
may of it. I yield now to my colleague on the
committee from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
the remarks of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means impose upon me the duty,
in behalf of the minority of the committee, of
explaining briefly what is our position in regard
to this bill. I was happy to hear from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
the reduction of daties in many important arti-
cles by this bill will in his opinion not so much
decrease as increase the revenue, or in other
words, that the lower the duty imposed npon
any article the greater would be the amount of
revenue derived therefrom. His position iB, in
the main, a correct one, and I have nothing to
say against it. But the honorable gentleman
is mistaken in supposing that the bill which he
reports abandons what he calls the old system
of ad valorem duties. This bill is full of ad
valorem and specifio duties mingled one with
the other—of duties by the pound, duties by
the yard, and specific duties added on. The
two systems of ad valorem and specific duties
are mingled together in the bill often in the
most complicated manner, as the following
table will show:
Valuations, mixed, specific, by the x>omnd and by the
yard.
Cigars, &o., $2 per pound and 25 per cent, ad nalo-
rem.
Cloths, &e., if bleached, 5 cents per square yard ana
10 per cent.; if printed, colored, &o., 5 cents per
square yard and 20 per cent. .
On spool-thread of cotton, 12 cents per doien, and
if over 200 yards 6 cents per dozen for each 100 yards
extra, and 30 per eent. ,
On cotton shirts, drawers, &c., 5 cents per pouna
and 35 per cent. ^
Flannels, blankets, &c., value not exceeding *>
ccnts per pound, 20 cents per pound; if value over
40 cents per pound and not over 60 cents per pouna.
30 cents per pound; if value over 60 and not over o-J
cents per pound, 40 cents per pound; value over w
