3784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBE.
May 25,,
seat, said the other day that he for one would
never agree that those ships shall sail again
under the flag of this country. Why is This,
if it is not to drive the people of this country to
pay bounties to a few men who happen to be
ship-builders in this country?
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man that I am an exception to the class he
speaks of. I have always been and am to-day
in favor of putting back under the flag with-
out "restriction any vessel or part of a vessel
owned by an American who was forced by the
dangers of the sea and of the enemy to put
hereunder the British flag because we-could
not'protect her during the war. I agree with
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. PETERS. But I would not allow for-
eign-built vessels to be purchased and brought
here free of duty.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very glad to Cud that
the gentleman agrees with me. I have never
understood why this restrictive policy should
be insisted on by men who claim to be the
most liberal men in this country, men who
favor the most liberal views of general rights.
I cannot understand it. But while men, as I
said awhile ago, stand up on this floor day after
day—it makes no difference whether I name
them or not—and vote to take off the restric-
tions they have themselves imposed by their
own action upon pen, they insist upon retaining
restrictions a d imposing new ones upon ships
that were obliged by the circumstances of the
case to bo placed under a foreign flag for pro-
tection. The principle is not right; theprinciple
is incorrect. 1 say i|> gentlemen, you cannot
stand by any such principle, it will not bear
honest and /air discussion anywhere. I say to
those men now that, they should give justice to
one man as well as another.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman slates that
we are opposed to bringing back the vessels
that were transferred to foreign flags during
the late war. Is the gentleman aware that all
those vessels were wooden vessels? And is
he also aware that the life of a wooden vessel
is only ten years, on an average? Those ves-
sels are now old vessels, and not worth a place
in the docks of our cities and commercial
towns.
Mr. LOGAN". I understand that.
Mr. NEGLKY. Then what force is there
in the remark of the gentleman that 
Mr. LOGAN. If there is no force in it, then
it should riot, make gentlemen sensitive.
Mr. NEGLEY. I am not sensitive about it.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, if the life of a vessel
is only ten years 
Mr. NEGLEY. A wooden vessel.
Mr. LOG AN. Well, call it wood or bark
or anything else you please. It makes no dif-
ference in the principle of the thing. 1 am
talking about the principle of the thing. Your
statute-books bear the impress of that restrictive
policy to-day. Why has it not been repealed
before this? If you keep it there until the life
of a vessel is exhausted, and then repeal it,
nobody is benefited.
Mr. NEGLEY. Allow me to ask another
question.
Mr. LOGAN. Not just now. I say this,
however: if we are wrong in restricting our-
selves in this way, and prohibiting vessels from
again coming under our flag, which belong to
American citizens, if you keep that law upon
your statute-books so long that their life is gone
and they are worn out, would it not be fair,
upon the same principle, when you attempt or
try to impose burdens upon our people, taxing
them .for the benefit of a few ship-owners-
would it not be fair to say to those owners that
inasmuch as we have engaged under this restrict-
ive policy to cause this property to perish by
the lapse of a term of years we will allow you
to return to this country in iron vessels the
same amount in value as your wooden vessels
amounted to ? Have you any objection to that?
Mr. NEGLEY. Allow me right here.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is proposed to return
these vessels in iron, to return them at an outlay
of hundreds of thousands of dollars upon the ma-
terial, from which this Government derives no
benefit; but all the benefit of constructing those
vessels will accrue to the treasury of the very
nations who destroyed our shipping.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, so far-as
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] is concerned, the substitute which
he has offered this morning, the only difference
between it and the original bill is merely the
difference between tweedledum and tweedledee.
In the original bill provision is made for a
bounty to all vessels. In the substitute abounty
is to be paid for all vessels over a thousand
tons burden. That is all the difference. The
principle is maintained and retained in the
substitute the same as in the original bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, lam opposed in toto to this
system of bounties to these men. Why give
a bounty to a man who builds a ship, anymore
than to a man who builds a steam-mill or a
steamboat?
Mr. NEGLEY. The one is a national inter-
est and the other is a private interest.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says one is a
national interest and the other is a private in-
terest. A steamboat sails along on the Missis-
sippi river and carries the products of the whole
Northwest, her produce there, corn, oats,
wheat, rye, barley, and everything necessary
to feed the famishing world, and that all floats
down that vast stream to market. Is that an
individual and not a national tiling? Why,
then, do you refuse a bounty to the man who
buildsasteamboat which sails majestically over
the waves of the Mississippi? Is there any
difference practically, so far as the merits of
tho case are concerned, between the steamer
that crosses the ocean and the steamer that
plies on the Mississippi river?
Mr. NEGLEY. The commerce upon the
Mississippi river has already been protected.
We have spent annually 'millions of dollars
upon that.river for the benefit of its commerce.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says we have
protected that commerce. Well, tho Missis
sippi river is, as was once said by an eminent
statesman of this country, an "inland sea."
Recognizing it as such, we have protected it.
But how have we protected it? During the
war how did we protect the commerce oif that
river? The steamboat interest on the Missis-
sippi was destroyed just as the shipping inter-
est on the ocean was destroyed, liut, sir, we
do not come here asking Congress to contribute
a bounty to those steamboat owners, that they
may replenish their coffers. The vital provis-
ion of this bill proposes to make the great mass
of the forty million people of this country con-
tribute to tho support of a few ship-yards in a
few States along the Atlantic coast. That isall
there is in it. /The great ship-builder, the great
shipping merchant, who looks to his country
and his country's interest, is willing to sail his
ships on the ocean and take the chances in a
storrn. Such men do not ask you to give them
any bounty.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
• "^jr" ^ARNSWORTH. I have agreed to
yield to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alli-
son,] that he may offer an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the substitute of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch.] My amendment is to
strike out the proviso.
Mr. COX. I yesterday proposed an amend-
ment, to strike out thft sam§ proviso.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Iowa
can give notice of his amendment.
,A.LLISON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ruwswokth] allows my amendment
to come m as all other amendments have
come in.
TheSPEAKER. With that understanding
the amendment can be offered.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well. 1 move, then,'
to strike out the'proviso.
Mr. LYNCH. I would inform the gentle-
man from Iowa that in the substitute the sub-
stance of the proviso is introduced, but not in
the form of a proviso.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amendment
for the present, with the intention of reoffering
it if I deem it necessary. I understand the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] has offered
a similar amendment.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] I yesterday
gave notice of an amendment to strike out the
proviso.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Ingersosx.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate, as well perhaps as members repre-
senting the eastern part of our country, the
great importance of tho carrying trade and
ocean commerce to the Government and citi-
zens of the United States; but while we are
ready to advocate any measure which will
restore to our citizens the carrying trade of
the ocean we are not willing to sacrifice the
interests of our constituents in order to build
up tho ship-building industry of Maine. Mr.
Speaker, the resolution under which the com-
mittee that has reported this bill was appointed
was not adopted by the House with a view to
eliciting some method of reviving the ship-
building interest of thatState. Yet thecommit-
tee seems to have construed the resolution as
giving them authority only to inquire into the
ship building interest of that State, and inci-
dentally to the ship-building interests of New
Hampshire and New York. They have not
examined into the question as to what is neces-
sary to revive the carrying trade of the ocean
to the citizens of the United States; they have
restricted their inquiry to that .very limited and
narrow question, the ship-building interest of
the Atlantic coast. The committee seem only
to_ have directed their attention to the question
ol the revival of the ship-building interest of
Maine particularly and to the Atlantic coast
ill general.
In order to show the purpose of the House
in appointing this committee, I desire to read
the resolution under which it was appointed :
llesolved, That a selec-t committee of nine be
appointed to inquire into and report at the next
session ot Congress the cause of tho great reduction
of American tonnage engaged in the foreign carry-
ing trade ot tho country
Not the reduction of the coastwise trade,
not the .decline of the ship-building interest of
Maine, but the^ "reduction of American ton-
naga engaged in the foreign carrying trade of
the country -
_ and also to report what measures arc necessary to
increase our ocean tonnage, revive our navigation
interests, and regain for our country tho position it
Power" among the nations as a groat maritime
That is the whole of the resolution ; and
after six months of investigation, after having
been allowed by a second resolution of the
House to sit during the recess, this committee,
with the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] at
its head, who, I believe, introduced the resolu-
tion winch I have just read, and who was there-
fore necessarily, according to parliamentary
courtesy, appointed its chairman, have done,
what. I agree, sir, if the ship-building interest,
had been alone concerned the gentleman from
Maine would have discharged that duty with
ability. He Jias, however, looked alone to the
interest of his constituents and neglected the
great question inyolved, namely, the revival
of ocean tonnage and foreign commerce. That
was the purpose of the resolution, and not the
insignificant purpose of reviving the clatter of
hammers in a few ship-yards in the State of
Maine, and especially in the gentleman's dis-
trict. Mr. Speaker, I look upon it as unfor-
tunate as regards this great national interest,
