2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
computed, that is described in the lawmaking
the grant. The laws run usually—take the Iowa
grant for example—in this way : "There Is
hereby granted every alternative section of
public land within a limit of six miles on each
side of the line of the road not granted, re-
served, or otherwise appropriated, and to which
neither preemption nor homestead rights have
attached." This does not convey absolutely
one half of the whole of the land within the
six-miles limit, but it is as nter one half as can
be found within the exterior boundaries and
embraced within the description.
This Northern Pacific railroad grant is jast
like all the others in this respect. It grants every
alternate section of public land designated by
odd numbers within a limit of forty miles on
each side, not six, as in the case of Iowa, but
forty miles on each side, not previously sold,
granted, conveyed, resetted, or Occupied by
preemption or homestead settlements. It
follows the principles and provisions of the old
laws on that subject. They are alike in this'
respect, or were intended to be. Some of the
odd-numbered sections are excepted if they
happen to have been otherwise disposed of
before the date of the grant or of the location
of the line of the road on the earth's surface.
But this grant to the northern company is
different in this, as I attempted to point out
when this question was before the Senate
heretofore: its charter provides for indemnity
within a strip of land ten miles wide on the
exterior boundaries of the grant for lands pre-
viously granted and reservations, as in other
cases; and in addition—and in this respect
it is exceptional, different from other grants—
it provides also indemnity for mineriLl lands
found within the limits'ibrty miles on each
side of the road. The quantity of land actually
granted within the exterior limits is greater
than usual, and the limits themselves vastly
greater than in any other case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My question was not
whether this company was going to get more
land than some other railroad company, be-
cause I presume it may—certainly more than
six-mile railroads; but I merely wished to
know as a matter of fact* whether if this joint
resolution passes, the practical result will be
that this company will be authorized by law
to hatre more than the full sum of forty sections
to the mile?
Mr. H ARLAN. Clearly not more than forty
sections to the mile, measured geometrically
or arithmetically; but that is merely an evasion
of the practical question. And the conclusion
the. Senator would deduce from this fact is only
a high order of sophistry. The charter did not
grant, and was not intended to grant, abso-
lutely forty sections to the mile, but only so
much of it as could be found within the ex-
terior limits of fifty miles on each side of the
road, of the character of land described in the
grant. Bad Congress intended to make an
absolute grant of forty full sections to the mile
the limitation of fifty miles on each side should
have been omitted. In this respect this is pre-
cisely like all other railroad land grants.
The principle on which these gtahts Have
been made is, as stated by my honorable col-
league, that they enhance the value of the even
Sections that the Government still retains and
will enable it within certain limits to sell those
even sections for double what would otherwise
have been the minimum price. But omtside
of reasonable limits no such incidental advan-
tage can be hoped. Hence the propriety of
the limit. For a distance of ten or fifteen
miles from the line of a road this enhanced
value of the remaining sections is manifest,
and it may be felt for twenty or thirty miles;
but in this case the original grant covers fifty
miles on each side, and the pending bill pro-
poses to extend it to sixty.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to refer to
this feature of the case, but to respond to the
personal allusions of the Senator from Michi-
gan. He says that I remarked thfct there was
no necessity for stimulating the construction
of this road by unusual provisions, that there
was, in fact, a reverse reason, that it would tend
to diminish the value of the property of the
United States. Can he gainsay the fact ? The
United States has issued and loaned $64,000,000
of bonds to aid in the construction of an exist-
ing road, and to secure their payment has taken
a Becond mortgage lien. If you diminish the
value of this road you weaken your security.
If yon reduce its value to the aggregate amount
of the first mortgage bonds, you render your
security worthless, and will be compelled to
pay from the Treasury of the United States
the whole amount of about sixty-four million
dollars. Now, is this consideration unworthy
the attention of the American Senate ?
I pat it to the honorable Senator and to the
Senate and the country, is our interest in
$64,000,000 of property so trivial that it is to be
scouted from consideration in this Chamber?
If the value of yout security for this large
sum of money, principal and interest, is to be
destroyed by the construction of another line
of road, would it not be well for the Senate
and well for Congress to consider maturely
whether the material interests of the country
require itsimmediate construction by the appli-
cation of unusu&l and extraordinary stimulus.
In the absence of any pressing necessity, why
should the nation needlessly and heedlessly
throw away so vast a sum of money? If the
existing grant is ample, as no one can truth-
fully deny, to secure the construction of this
second line as rapidly as the commercial inter-
ests of the country demand, why hasten its
construction with uoneeded speed when the
necessary effect mast be to destroy the value
of the Government lien and thus tax a strug-
gling people foT the ultimate payment of so
great a sum of money ?
I had supposed it to beonrdtity, as fir as prac-
ticable, to guard and preserve the public prop-
erty afid the public Treasury. Bilt it would seem
from the tone and temper, of the speech of the
honorable Senator frott Michigan that id no
longer* virtue to guard thtepublicTreasury, to
protect th<9 people t'rd® needless taxation, bat is
in his estimation an offense warranting per-
sonal denuhciation. For drawing attention to
this feature of the subject he has deerhed it
proper to denounce me as an enemy of this
great enterprise. But, sir, why did he not
quote me fhitly ? In the speech froth which he
read he knows that I said in this connection
that if there was a public necessity for the con-
struction of this road with unusual rapidity that
the consideration of the lo&j of $64,000,000
ought not t6 weigh to the amount of a feather.
Why did he not quote enough of what I said to
present my views fairly? Was he unable to
meet the argument fairly deducible from a full
statement ot the facts? He knows that I did
not presehtthat argument as conclusive against
the passage of his bill, but as collateral con-
sideration that enlightened Senators ought not
to ignore; they ought not to close their eyes to
the fact that the construction of a competing
line of road probably will, in the present con-
dition of the country, under existing demands
of commerce, wipe out the Government lien
on that road, and thus destroy Government
property to the amount of over sixty million
dollars. That may be regarded as a very trivial
sum of money now. The time has been and the
time sooh will be wheti the people of this coun-
try will consider it worth the careful, mature
reflection of their representatives in this Cham-
ber. Were there a pressing necessity for the con-
struction of this road rapidly, beyond the local
wants of the people at each end of the line,
then I grant you that this consideration ought
not to be weighed Beriously, such a reason as
existed during the war when we had no means
of communication between the people of
the great Mississippi valley and the people
occupying the Pacifio States and Territories.
That reason does not now exist. We have
one line of railroad and a period of peace.
There is not ft necessity, therefore, of granting
subsidies in any form which shall tend to stim-
ulate the construction of competing lines ot'
road more rapidly th&n the commercial inter-
ests of the country require. You have one line.
It is by no means certain that it will pay inter-
est On the investment. If it does not pay interest
on the investment, then your second mortgage
lien is worthless. Why should you aid to
make it worthless, unless those who champion
this measure with such vigor and ability can
assign satisfactory reasons? I say to this com-
pany, "You have a gigantic grant; we made
that contract with you during the war; we were
willing to give you large inducements to con-
struct a road;" for then it was by no means
certain that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany would build their line. I say to that com-
pany now, " Keep your grant; build the road ;
we will keep faith with you; we will not deduct
one acre of your land ; we will not take from
you any of your rights; we will not diminish
the value of your franchise; proceed under
your contract."
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
" No ; they have been six years without build-
ing any road at all; they have been struggling
and worrying." Struggling and worrying at
what? I have mentioned heretofore in this
discussion that other companies were building
and had built railroads in the same neighbor-
hood, the line of this road or about where the
litie of this road is supposed to be. A road
from St. Paul to the western point of Lake
Superior will be completed during the present
year. It had a grant of but five sections to the
mile on each side, ten sections to the mile in
all. That company has its road now nearly
completed; and it will be completed during the
present year. This other company has not
built a mile of road, has not located its line,
has riot graded a single foot so far as the Sen-
ate is informed. At what, pray, has it been
struggling? What has been the occasion of
this great worriment on the part of the com-
pany? If it could not build the road across
Dakota and Idaho, and easterh portions of
Oregon and Washington Territory, pray why
conld it ttot, and why did it not build it in Min-
nesota across those beautiful plains, those rich
prdirieS unsurpassed in excellence elsewhere,
perhaps, on the earth's surface? Why have they
not built the eastern portion of their line? At
what have they been worrying? What are the
ihsuperable obstacles that have risen across
their pathway? tlave they been pointed out
by any one in this Chamber? Not one has
deigned to mention a fact or to assign a reason
in support of the naked averment. They chose
to use their money in other enterprises; that is
all. They chose to wait until the local enter-
prise of the inhabitants of the country wonld
enhance the value of their lands. They chose
to avail themselves of the sweat and the toil
of the frontier Settlers; those who are now
occupying these prairie lands, and by their
labor are giving them value. They do not
choose to be pioneers. - They prefer to wait
until other railroads should be built across
this country, thus enhancing the value of their
lands. They chose to wait and grow rich
through the labor and toil of others; that is
all. Did this occasion great worriment? Why
should they have been worried and aggrieved
because they chose to wait until the toil of
other men, until the sweat of other men's faces,
until the money out of other men's pockets
gave additional value to this grant? When-
ever they choose to organize and go to work
in earnest, they are certain of success. When
others build roads with less than half the land
grant they now hold, they cannot fail. _ But
instead of rolling up their sleeves and going to
work like others less favored by Congress, they
come to this Chamber and ask for more lands.
They have all that is available within a strip
