1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
2841
of one hundred milts, and Still *sy to yon,' W e
chose not yet to break ground until you give
us all that is available within twenty by two
thousand miles more." I ask the American
Senate it" these gentlemen have made out acase
either in equity or in law; have they made out
a case of hardship? If I am competent to
judge, there is no such case pending. They
have a grant that is ample, an immense grant
of land of immense agricultural importance
and great tracts bearing vast forests unsur-
passed in value on the globe. They cau
build the road whenever they choose to make
the effort. I referred when I last addressed
the Senate on this subject to the report of their
own officers. Their engineer, after a survey,
and after a full reconnaisance in the field, stated
to their banker that the land3 already granted
would build the road; that the Government
property already donated to these men would
build the road without an additional dollar.
Has that statement of their engineer been gain-
said? If he is right; if their own officers know
the value of this property, how can the Senate
justify an enlargement of the grant?
May I make an appeal to my political asso-
ciates on this floor? How will you justify it
to the American people? Those of you who
do not live in the land States may escape from
rebuke. Those of you who live in the land
States and on the frontier will not. I have
seen hundreds and thousands of men within
the last year searching for homes, searching for
a spot of land on which to make a lodgment
where they might dig ont by their own hard
toil, by the use of their bone and muscle, bread
for themselves and their families. They find
vacant land everywhere; vacant land not occu-
pied, not cultivated, but owned by railroad
companies, land enough and to spare, but not
for them. Suppose one of these pioneers of
the West comes to the margin of this fifty-
mile grant along the line of this railroad within
the belt of ten miles additional on each side,
looking for a home. He finds the even-tium-
bered sections occupied by peaceable and pros-
perous inhabitants, surrounded by plenty.
Reasonable toil under the dews and sunshine
has filled his barns and store-houses. He sees
the odd-numbered sections basking in the sun-
light, laden with a native growth of grass,
and forest stretching away for thousands of
miles, unoccupied, its bosom unstirred. He
decides that he too will make a settlement,
and by patient industry will also surround him-
self with abundance—that for him and his de-
pendent ones the horn of plenty shall be filled.
Bat he is informed that these broad acres are
not Government lands; that years ago the
American Congress granted them to a railroad
company to aid in building a road more than
fifty miles away. What! all these lands in a
strip one hundred and twenty miles in breadth
and more than two thousand miles in length ?
He demands a reason for such a grant. Per-
haps he hails from Iowa. He knows that in
Iowa a grant of six sections to the mile built
aroad. He may hail from Kansas. He knows
that there a grant of three to five sections on
each side of railroads secured their construc-
tion. He may hail from Alabama or Missis-
sippi or Louisiana or Arkansas. He knows
that the largest grant ever given there was six
sections to the mile. But he is told that a
munificent Governmentin this case first granted
all the available odd-numbered sections for a
space of fifty miles on each side of the line, and
six years afterward enlarged it to sixty miles oh
each side. He inquires for the reasons for this
unaccountable disparity in the size of the grant.
He is told that the first grant was made during
the pendency of a great civil war, when the
existence of the nation required railroad com-
munication between our eastern States and
the Pacific, and that afterward an appeal was
made to Congress for an enlargement of the
grant, and the additional grant was made.
He inquires, " What were the circumstances
under which the appeal was made for an en-
largement of this btrip of the public domain,
from one hundred to one hundred and twenty
miles in width? Had the company begun
their work?" Not at all. They had not lilted
a shovelful of dirt until this bill was before
the Senate Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
and then if the telegrams seen in the public !
press can be believed, they organized a com-
pany and went up toward the eastern terminus
of the road, in the midst of winter, and shoveled :
a little dirt and had it telegraphed all over the
country that they had "broken ground."
They had not built a mile of road ; they had
not built a bridge; they had not built a sta-
tion-bouBe or a depot; they had not expended
in the construction of the road a single dollar, ,
The pioneer might then well inquire, "Why
did our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress enlarge the grant, spread it out over
twenty miles more ot territory ? Had not this
soulless corporation already a grant large
enough ? If railroads in lotfa, Kansas, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Wisconsin, and Michigan
could be built with grants from six to ten miles
in width, why could they not be so built in
Minnesota?" His neighbors tell him they
could be so built in Minnesota with - like aid ;
but a few miles away we have roads built by
the aid of six and ten-mile grants. He then
inquires, " Why the enlargement of this par-
ticular grant already from two to fourfold
larger than the others ? What reason did your
Senators and members in Congress assign for
this extraordinary action?" The near future,
Senators, will bring you face to face with these
landless pioneers, who, being unable to pro-
cure land for homes, must be hewers of wood
and drawers of water for others, and come and
go at the beck and call of others more fortunate.
How will you answer them ? When you come
to meet your neighbors and constituents face
to face, how will you answer them ? When
you come to meet these men with hard hands,
bronzed faces, and arms made sinewy with con-
tinuous toil, what reason will you render ?
Will it do to say that the original grant seemed
to contemplate, by a loose interpretation of the
phraseology, that Congress intended that this
company should obtain at least forty sections
to the mile, and although they did not locate
the line of the road for six years, and nobody
now knows when or where it will be located,
yet it is thought possible that within the limit3
of that grant some squatter, some pre'emptor,
some homestead settler might have gone on
ahead of the railroad and taken his title to a
few acres of the public domain, and this bill
was brought in to indemnify the company for
the conveyance of land to the settler within this
limit of the original grant of fifty miles? Will
he not confound you with the inquiry, "Was
any supplemental law ever enacted in favor of
any other railroad company?" Not at all.
No such supplemental grant cati be foutid ia
the statute-books anywhere. , .
This legislation is exceptional; exceptional
in the magnitude of the grant, exceptional in
the fact that the company has slept on its
rights and done no* work, exceptional in this
claim to have indemnity for lands taken up by
settlers between the date of the passage oi the
law and the date of the location of the line of
the road. You cannot answer your constitu-
ents. You cannot render a satisfactory answer,
as I humbly believe, to the people who have
indirectly given each of us our positions on
this floor. This measure is without a parallel;
and I beg Republican Senators to hesitate be-
fore they pat a club of this sort into thO hands
of our political opponents.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr, President, I think
there is no Senator on this floor who is better
able to befog us, perhaps not intentionally, or
throw dust in our eyes, than the Senator from
Iowa. I have seen it stated in the papers,
quoted from bis speeches, that this measure
gave a strip of country one hundrei and twenty
miles wide across the entire extent of this
region. Of fedurte the Senator qualifies that
statement; but still,' persons not listening
closely would think that the company were
getting one hundred and twenty miles of land
across this 'entire region. He says it gives
the lands within the limits of sixty miles on
each Side of the road. That, of course, if
taken by itself, would convey the idea that they
Would receive all that land; but he qualifies it.
Then the Senator says that the Union Pacific
Railroad Company say they have expended
not only their first mortgage bonds, but their
second mortgage bonds, ot which the average
is about thirty thousand dollars a mile for the
fifrst mortgage on the entire line of the Union
iind Central Pacific, nnd $30,000 on the sec-
ond mortgage, making $00,000 a mile which
it lifts cost theta to build that road. If you
acknowledge that it is going to cost this com-
fiahy $fi0,t)00 a mile to build the road, as I have
no doubt it will and more, as the Union Pacific
Company say it has cost them more, what does
this laiid grant giv6 to the Northern Pacific
road?. It simply gives twenty-five thousand
six hundred acres per mile, provided they get
the entire amount, hills and valleys and timber
lands, everything, on an average. They can-
not possibly get more than that. Now, if you
limit them to $2 50 an acre for all those lands
on an average, it would give them something
near sixty thousand dollars a mile. They
have got to wait for the development of the
landsi They have got to build the road before
they Con sell the lands. They have got to
mak6 the lands Worth §2 60 an acre before
they Can ever sell them at that price. If this
company go on aod build th« road with their
money atld wait for the lands to be developed,
it seetns to me they ought to have the advan-
tage of thoafe lands. They have got to wait
years. We know that it is going to be a long
time before those lands can be settled up.
We know that it will be years before the lands
on the line of the Union Pacific and the Cen-
tral Pacific are settled up, except through
Nebraska and Wyoming. There, perhaps, a
considerable quantity of the ldbds may be
taken up within a few years | but the vast ex-
tent of the land Undoubtedly will be without
any great iJaifcbet of inhabitants for many
years to come.
So it will be with the Northern Patsifid road.
The company have got to wait a number of
years before they can realize anything from this
grfent of land. If they could get the Tiioney
fot this land all at once, if they were to receive
$2 50 foi* every acre of land they receive by
this grant, they could not possibly build the
road with the money. These men are willing
to put their money iti to build this road and
wriit for the value of the lands to increase.
I cannot understand why the Senator from
Iowa should insist so persistently that this is
such ah enormous grant of land and such an
enormous favor to this company. They have
been assisted by the Government to but a very
small extent compared with the grant to the
Union and Central Pacific roads. The Sen-
ator says that this measure is going"to destroy
the Second mortgage bonds of the Central and
Union Pacific. If that is the case, and if these
people are willing to invest their riaoney in the
NortHetn Pacific railroad, will it not destroy
that at the same time ? If these people are
willing to risk their money in this enterprise
cabnot the Governtaerit stand the coihpetition-
of private enterprise and private money? The
Government has given not only money to the
Central and Union Pacific roads, but it ha9
given them lands. Now you desire to cripple
this other company by withholding a portion
of the lands that you originally gave them.
They only ask you to make up the deficiency
that may have occurred by reason of the land
being taken up by actual settlers. It seems to mo
that is very reasonable, very proper, very right,
considering the magnitude of the enterprise
and the newness of the country through winch
this road is to pass.
