1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
est on them. When you state your interest
account it does not diminish that, yet it is
something that is paid toward the debt; a bo.;d
put there is a bond torn up and canceled.
One other complaint of my friend from
Indiana is that this Administration has not
diminished the taxes at all. This Administra-
tion has not ha4 but this session of Congress.
They cannot diminish the tax except by
change of law, and that is what my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] who looks so smilingly
upon me now, has it in his charge to do, and
he proposes to reduce the taxes some $50,-
000,000 by the two bills reported from his
committee. When the Administration passes
these laws I have no doubt we shall have this
phenomenon, we shall have the expenditures
reduced $50,000,000, and the debt paid faster
all the time, and that principally because,
though my friend from Kentucky does not
seem to understand it, that the Administra-
tion collects the revenue better than past
Administrations.
Now, it is a thing perfectly comprehensible
to me, and the wonder is that my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] cannot see the differ-
ence between paying the fund into the Treas-
ury and running away with half of it. That
is the difference between the officers under
this Administration and the officers in the last
Administration. And it tells upon the aggre-
gate of the revenue most materially.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. I admitted you had stolen less
this year than last year; but it was done by
Republicans all the time. The tax has since
been reduced lo fifty cents ; and Iadmittcd that
less had been stolen, because of a diminution
of the internal revenue tax.
Mr. DAWES. That is not a reason why,
when men have a chance they will steal less.
Nothing will test that question but the differ-
ence in morality between men. 1 now yield
for a moment to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
SCHEtfCK^
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not propose to inter-
fere with this explanation which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has given us
so clearly with regard to the sinking fund and
retaining bonds in the Treasury, redeeming
them, though you may yet keep up an interest
account with them ; but the gentleman would
oblige me if he will explain to the gentlemen
on the other side of the House that it is not a
very heavy draft upon a man's resources to take
money out of one pocket and pay it back into
the other.
Mr. DAWES. I had occasion to allude to
that when I spoke of saying $5,000,000 in
connection with the abolition of the lranking
privilege. But I will let that pass.
Mr. Chairman, as regards this reduction of
the tax upon whisky, I would like to ask my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] if he has
no recollection of the political character of the
Congress which made that reduction?
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman repeat his
remark? I did not hear it.
Mr. DAWES. This reduction of the tax on
whisky seems to have met the commendation
of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and
I wish he would bear in mind the political
character of the Congress which passed the
law. I now yield to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. McNeelt.]
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Chairman, while the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
was attempting to reconcile his position here
with the position ho took in New Hampshire,
and to vindicate the Administration, which
cannot be done, I attempted to get the floor to
read passages from the speech he delivered in
this House to which the gentleman referred,
because ho has said that he has not seen those
remarks since they were delivered and pub-
lished. I wanted to refresh his memory. The
gentleman at the time refused to let me read
them, because he did not want to have them
put in the speech he has just been making.
The inconsistency would be too apparent.
Mr. DAWES. You may have them as part
of your speech.
Mr. McNEELY. In the speech delivered
by the gentleman in this House, and published
iu the Globe, on the 18th of January last, after
speaking of what the expenses of the Govern-
ment were under Mr. Johnson's administra-
tion, he says:
"But his own estimate of the cost of carrying
on tho Government, which the people at the polls
declared to be profligate and unreasonable, was
$303,000,000."
Then the gentleman continues:
"Bow, sir, what does our own Administration esti-
mate that it willcarry on the Government for forthe
next,year? The sum estimated for is $331,097,174 62;
an increase over the last estimate of the administra-
tion ot Andrew Johnson for 1869-70of $28,097,17462.
But we cut down his estimates $20,000,000, so that the
exact difference between this book of estimates for
the present Admininistration and the appropriations
made tho last year of Andrew J ohnson's administra-
tion is 840,682,537 01."
And then, after commenting on that expend-
iture, he uses this language:
"Sir, here and here alone, upon this floor, are the
pledges of the Republican party to be redeemed.
W e can have no aid from the other end of the avenue;
we can have no aid from the other end of the Capitol.
It is here and here alone that the pledges are to be
redeemed. And they shall bo redeemed here in this
House."
In the debates in this House "the other end
of the avenue" means the President, just as
"the other end of the Capitol" means the
Senate; and yet the gentleman says wo can ex-
pect no aid in the work of economy from either
the President or the Senate.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in order to explain
away what he said then, the gentleman under-
takes to saythat "the other end of the avenue"
is not responsible for the amount voted by this
House for the expenditures of the country. He
undertakes to say that the various bureaus
must pay out what Congress appropriates for
the public service. But I will refer to another
portion of the same speech which the gentle-
man delivered in this House. He says:
" I have a right to complain of tho other end of
the avenue, that with all its professions of economy
and reduction of unnecessary force in the Depart-
ments with all the heralding by telegraph or other-
wise of its purpose of reduction, there is not one of
theseDepartments that does not estimate to-day, in
the book I have before me, for an increase of ex-
penditure over the appropriations of last year, save
only one, and that is the poor, unpopular Attorney
General."
Now, sir, he goes all the way to New Hamp-
shire to bear a message from the President to
the people of that State just on the eve of an
election. He goes all that distance with a
message in his hand stating that President
Grant says that there shall be no ascending
scale in the expenditures of his Administra-
tion after the gentleman has stated here upon
this floor that there is an ascending scale of
$49,000,000 in one year over the appropriations
of the last year of Andrew Johnson's adminis-
tration. When the gentleman now undertakes
to saythat "the other end of the avenue "is not
responsible, and cannot control these expend-
itures, I ask him how it was that he thought
it so important to state to the people of New
Hampshire that the President said there should
be no increase of expenditures when the Presi-
dent cannot control the amount of expenditures
at all ?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, my friend
seems to have forgotten the year in which he
lives. It is the year 1869-70 ; it is the fiscal
year commencing the 1st day of July, 1869,
and ending June SO, 1870.
Mr. McNEELY. Exactly.
Mr. DAWES. Well, that was notin Andrew
Johnson's administration. I really believe, I
have a feeling, that it was not in Andrew J ohn-
son's administration. Well, sir, that is the year
for which I say that Andrew Johnson's admin-
istration estimated $303,000,000. It is this
year. Then I say that our own Administration
for the next year—and that no one may mistake
which year I mean I say 1870-71—forthat year
oar own Administration have estimated a great
deal more. There is no word there to intimate
that our Administration have expended wore
than was expended in any year of Andrew
Johnson's administration. 1 never compared
one hour of this Administration with one honr
of Andrew Johnson's administration, either in
the estimates.-for that Administration or in-the
expenditures during that Administration; and
if my friend from Illinois* will read that speech
carefully he will see that the years were putift
so that there could be no mistake whatever.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Chairman——
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to yield to me now.
Mr. McNEELY. One word.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Illinois first, because I held him off so
long.
Mr. McNEELY. The gentleman says that
the figures to which I refer were simply the
"estimates" of that Administration. Now, sir,
he said in that speech that President Johnson
estimated the expense of carrying on the Gov-
ernment at $303,000,000 for the fiscal year
ending June 1,1870; and he then claimed t'nat
it was upon-those "estimates" that the people
tried that Administration and condemned it.
The complaint the gentleman then made was
not because of the amount which Mr. John-
son's administration had really cost the coun-
try in any year, but because of what he had
estimated the cost of the Government for the
year ending June 1, 1870—his judgment of
what the expenses would be during that year;
and yet the present Administration estimates
the expenses of the Government under its
control at over forty-nine million dollars pier
annum more than Mr. Johnson thought it
ought to cost, and for which judgment and "es-
timate" the gentleman says he was condemned
by the people. Look at the "estimates" of
Mr. Johnson and the "estimates" of General
Grant! Where is the economy promised?
Mr. DAWES. I have stated distinctly the
figures. If my friend does not see the figures
I cannot help it. I let the figures stand just
as they are.
Mr. McNEELY. My point is this 
Mr. DAWES. I yield now for a moment to
my eolleague, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman said he would
yield to rile.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman shall have
the floor in due time.
Mr. HOAR. I merely wish to suggest to
gentlemen on the other side of the House, as
they are repeating the statistics of this matter
so often, that in order that the statistics should
be entirely complete I wish they would state
the statistics of the election in New Hampshire
which followed the speech of my colleague.
[Laughter.]
Several Members. Read them.
Mr. DAWES. I send them up to the Clerk
to be read.
Mr. COX. I understand that the senate of
New Hampshire has been made a tie by the
effort of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
That is as much as we could expect under the
circumstances.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the Clerk to read the
paper which I have sent up.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Governor Stearn's majority is fifteen hundred,
with Republican majority of seventy in the house,
and unexpectedly eleven out of twelve senators.
[Applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. COX. I understand that at the election
in New Hampshire two_ years ago the^Repub-
lican majority was thirty-seven hundred, so
that the gentleman from Massachusetts lias
been really useful to us and useful to the
country at the same time. He has been useful
to us here by enabling us to vote on matters
connected with economy. I wish to speak to
