1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
cents per pound, 50 cents per pound, and on all 35 j
^BeEU and belting of wool and for printing ma- >
chines, ccnts per pound and3.-> per cent. .
Women and children's dress goods, Arc., value not
over 20 ccnts per square yard, o cents per square
yard and 35 percent.; and if weight be less than 4
ounces per square yard, «tcv 8 cents per square yard
and 40 per ecnt.: if weight is over 4 ounces, 50 cents
per pound and 35 per cent.
Ciothing, Arc., of woo], oO cents per pound and 40
Pev/ebbing, bindings, &c., 50 cents per pound and
Manufactures of wool, <xc., 50 cents per pound and
^Carpets wrought by the Jacquard machine, 70 cents
per square yard and 35 per cent.
Brussels carpets by the Jacquard machine, 44 cents
per square yard and 35 percent.; other carpets, 40
cents per square yard and 35 per cent.; other car-
pets, IS cents per square yard and 35 per cent.; other
carpels. 17 cents per square yard and 35 percent.;
and still other mixed duties on other varieties of
carpets.
Wire of iron loss than No. 16 gauge, 2j cents per
pound and 15 per cent.; if less than 16 gauge and not
less than 25, 5 cents per pound and 15 percent.; less
than 25 gauge, 4 cents per pound and 15 per cent.;
and if wire be covered with cotton, silk, &c., 5 cents
per pound added. Wire-cloth, 2 cents per square
foot and 35 per cent.; and if painted, &c„ 4 cents per
square foot and 35 per cent.
Marble, in block, tl per cubic foot and 25per cent.
Marble, dressed. &c., 30 per cent, and 25 cent3 per
square foot if not over 2 inches thick; if over 2
inches 10 cents per foot added for each additional
inch in thickness.
Corks, ifcc., 3 cents per pound and 20 per cent.
Umbrella elastic ties, 10 cents per dozen and25per
cent- „ «...
Pencils, in bone, ivory, or metal cases, &c., 4>1 per
gross and 30 per cent. !
Chalk pencils, &c.,50cents per gross and 30percent.
Gunpowder, 10 cents per pound and 20 per cent.
Varnishes, 50 cents per gallon and 25 percent.; and
if containing alcohol, &c., $2 per gallon and 25 per
cent.
Cologne water, perfumery, &c., $3 per gallon and
50 per cent.
Essences, &c., S3 per gallon and 50 per cent.
I must confess, and I confess with much
pleasure, that I have agreed with the majority
of the committee in the reduction of duties
upon raw materials, upon those materials which
enter into manufactures, and the reduction or
abolition of the duties upon which is calculated
to benefit the manufacturing interests of the
country. We have in this bill conferred an
inestimable benefit upon the manufacturers of
the country, and to some extent upon the ship-
ping interests of thecountry, by reducing where
ever it was possible the duty upon raw mate-
rials or by abolishing that duty altogether. I
have throughout cooperated with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] and
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] in doing all I could in that respect
for manufacturers, but you will see that the
bill exhibits no reciprocity whatever when we
came to manufactured articles, such as iron,
steel, woolens, &c. On the contrary, by an
ingenious classification throughout, on almost
every article of manufactured iron the duty is
largely increased.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall be compelled to
resume the floor. Nothing was further from
my purpose than to send this bill with a debate,
in advance of its being printed, before the
country to make an impression upon the coun-
try in the absence of the bill itself. I thought
we should only settle the preliminary matter
on the threshold.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will limit
my remarks, then, to stating what is and is not
in the bill. There are reductions in the bill
on tea, coffee, sugar, spices, liquors, brandies,
and bay-rum, but there are enormous increases
on jute, on nickel, on iron, on steel, on carpet-
ing, especially felt carpeting, the carpeting of
the poor.
Then upon the imported articles which enter
largely into the consumption of all classes,
more or less, on coal, on salt, on iron, on lead,
on lumber, and on many other articles which
I will not enumerate now, nothing whatever
has been done.
There has been no abolition of the duty on
hides. The great shoemaking interest of this
country, which is one of those of the greatest
importance, quite equal with iron and almost
equal to cotton and wool—that great interest,
which has been shut out from all exports in
consequence of the enormous duties upon all
its raw materials, has received no favor what-
ever from this bill, and the country, which
hitherto has largely exported shoes and boots
to almost all parts of the world, is yet to be cut
off from its exportation of boots and shoes by
materials entering into the making of shoes,
such as ten per cent, on hides, twenty on bark,
twenty on currying-oil, twenty on lumber for
lasts and boxes, two and a half cents per pound
on shoemakers tools, forty on thread, eighty on
lasting, and $1 25 per ton on coal. The great
shoe interest receives no benefit whatsoever
from this bill, but its burdens are refasteued
upon it and increased.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man state what duty is reported on pig-iron ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The duty on
pig-iron is reduced from nine to seven dollars
per ton. But with that there should have been
a corresponding reduction upon all the manu-
factures of iron. On the contrary, instead of
proposing a reduction of duty upon the manu-
factures of iron, by a new and ingenious classi-
fication there has been an increase proposed
of—
On bar, round or square, 10 per cent.
Rods and wire rods, 16 per cent.
Scroll, flat, hoop, strip, and scalp, 16 per cent.
Sheet or plate-iron not glazed or polished, i per
cent, perpoundon threefourths of the importation;
not glazed or polished, an increase of 25 per cent, on
gauge.
Iron hoop, cotton-ties made of hoop, 66 per cent.
Iron wire, from 25 to 42 per cent.
Iron spiral furniture springs, from 35 to 55 per
cent.
Steel car-wheels, 100 per cent.
Steel carriage, locomotive, and other springs, 100
per cent.
Trace, halter, and fence chains, i per eent. per
pound increase.
Wrought-iron washers, nuts, bolts, and rivets,
from 25 to 50 per cent.
Steel carriage, car, locomotive, and other springs
of steel, 100 per cent.
Screws of iron not enameled, 5 per eent.
On steel in ingots, blooms, billets, bars, # cents per
pound more.
Steel railway bars, about 1 cent per pound, or
$44 80 per ton ; increase of 90 per cent.
The bill then enumerates several other ad-
vances in manufactured steel, iron, and brass.
Nickel raised from 15 per cent, ad valorem to 40
cents per pound.
The reductions in the bill had been ingen-
iously made upon revenue articles such as tea,
coffee, sugar, and on brandy, spices, liquors,
thus reducing the revenue, in order to raise it
on iron, steel, jute, carpeting, and even on old
type.
Mr. LAWRENCE. What change is pro-
posed in the duty on wool?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. No change
whatever in the duty on wool. And in the
matter of wool, while we have left the duty on
wool exactly where it is now, we have enor-
mously increased the duty on cheap carpeting
for the poor, for the benefit, as I feel quite sure,
of only some five or six manufacturers of car-
peting in this country. A duty on carpeting
now varying from fifty per cent, on Moquette,
Axminster, and Aubusson, is run up in the
bill to eighty-one and ninety per cent, on felt
carpets, and from eighty-five to one hundred
and five on druggets and bookings.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. After I get
through wool.
Mr. KELLEY. I want a moment before
the gentleman gets through iron.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me get
through with wool first.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I must claim the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has eight-
een minutes of his hour left.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will indulge me a little longer.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman must see
at once why I cannot yield to him longer. ,
We are at the threshold of the consider-
ation of this subject, determining what order
of proceeding we shall have in relation to this
bill, and providing for printing it and sending
it out to the coihtry in order to call forth
from those interested some response for the
instruction and information of the Representa-
tives of the people here ; providing that it ma*
be printed, too, with a view of enabling Repre-
sentatives to inform themselves in regard to the
contents of the bill and its various provisions.
Now, Isay—and I use the words in no offen-
sive sense—that it is unfair and improper to
drag in here a general debate upon the merits
of the bill while it is in an inchoate condi-
tion, while it is upon the threshold of prep-
aration for consideration, merely in order to
have those expressions against the bill, and
those denunciations of it, go out with the bill
itself, and that without explanation and with-
out possibility of denial, unless, for the pur-
pose of explanation and denial upon the part
of the rest of us, we permit ourselves to be
drawn into a general debate upon the merits
of the bill. And such a debate, if it is allowed
to go on, as a matter of course will produce
reply and replication, and we will be in the
anomalous condition of engaging in a general
debate upon the merits of the bill, with all its
various items and provisions, before its con-
tents are made known to the House and to
the public.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
show what are the views of the minority of the
committee and what are my ideas of the tariff,
and in doing so I do not propose to make any
argument on the merits of the bill itself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from New York will restrain himself until
general debate upon this bill shall be in order.
I must object to any attempt to prepossess the
public mind in advance of that general debate. I
have already said that we do not want any
hurry about this matter. We desire that proper
time shall be taken for the consideration of
the measure; and as to the period at which
the bill shall be taken up for consideration, i
have modified my motion so as to make it two
weeks hence instead of ten days. I have already
said that it is the intention of the committee to
allow some days for general debate before we
go into the special debate which will become
necessary upon the various items. Surely this
is proposing enough to satisfy gentlemen upon
all sides of all these questions, and they ought
not to attempt now to prejudge the case, or
seek to make others prejudge it, by a one-sided
discussion from their individual points of view,
when the general debate will afford opportunity
for considering the whole question upon its
entire merits.
In consequence of the confusion in this Hall,
and the distance at which the gentleman from
New York stood, I could not hear all that he
said ; but I caught the names of two articles
upon which I understood him to be comment-
ing. He said something about iron. Now, I
will not say, nor am I called upon to say,
•whether I think the duties upon the various
species of iron are as low as they should be.
I will say, however, that the committee report
a reduction of the duty upon pig-iron; and
while they have sought at least not to raise the
duty upon other forms of manufactured iron,
they have resorted to what they consider a very
much improved classification so as to prevent
frauds and more efficiently collect the revenue.
This is about the whole effect of the measure
with reference to iron.
The gentleman from New York takes hides
as an example, and laments that this raw mate-
rial is not permitted to come in free. I know
that all the tanners and dealers in leather want
hides to come in free.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must call
the gentleman's attention to the fact that he is
discussing the general merits of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am but correcting im-
pressions sought to be made on the public
mind by the gentleman himself. I do not
intend to go into the general debate any fur-
