3786
tSe congressional globe.
May 25,
• merce. And why? I am satisfied that this bill
will not enable our ship-builders to compete with
the iron ship-builders of the Clyde. I affirm,
from the study I have been able to give to the
subject, that all the subsidies, bounties, and
drawbacks provided for in this bill will not
enable us to compete with the cheap building
of iron vessels on the Clyde. Germa ny and all
the maritime countries of Europe, even those
that admit ship building materials free sf duty,
have utterly failed to compete with the builders
of the Clyde. All the maritime countries of
Europe are to-day going to the Clyde to buy
their vessels for their own trade. The price
of' labor and materials there is so much less
than here that it will require nearly one hun-
dred per cent, of Government aid to enable us
to compete with them. This is the testimony
of experts and the experience of other nations.
I affirm, therefore, that for the purposes of our
foreign trade this bill is wholly inadequate,
and for the purposes of the coasting trade it is
wholly unnecessary. On this statement, to
which I challenge the attention of the House,
1 rest my opposition to this bill.
But I will add another consideration. There
is one feature in this bill, the subsidy provis-
ion, which is odious to the American people.
It is a feature which no man I think in this
House, certainly no Representative of an in-
land district, can sustain himself before his
constituents in giving it support. And now we
are called upon at the last moment to vote, as
we shall be compelled to do I presume under
the previous question, upon a substitute which
has not yet been read, but which has been
reported by the committee as a substitute for
the bill and all the amendments. Under these
circumstances I think it wiser to lay the bill and
the pending amendments on the table, or to
recommit and postpone it until in calmer times
and with fuller deliberation we can devise some
real and effective remedy for oar decayed com-
merce. I am not at liberty to make a motion
on this subject, and will now return the floor
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fauns-
wortii,] by whose courtesy I have been occu-
pying it.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over until to-morrow.
: ' northern pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to make privileged
report. The Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
which was authorized to report at any time,
have instructed me to report back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, Senate joint
resolution No. 121, authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road and to secure
the same by mortgage, and for other purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to put this joint resolution on its passage
now, before it is printed or amended?
Mr. WHEELER. It has been printed; the
committee have instructed me to report it back
without amendment.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to
yield to me to offer a resolution which will
take up but little time.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot yield now.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Let it be read.
Mr. WHEELER. Not at this stage.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution of
the Senate will be read.
The joint resolution was read. The first
section provides that the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company shall be authorized to issue
its bonds to aid in the construction and equip-
ment of its road, and to secure the same by
mortgage on its property and rights of prop-
erty of all kinds and descriptions, real, per-
sonal, and mixed, including its franchise as a
corporation; and as proof and notice of its
legal execution and effectual delivery said
mortgage shall be filed and recorded in the
office of the Secretaryof the Interior; and also
to locate and construct, under the provisions,
and with the privileges and duties provided for
in its act of incorporation and the amendments
thereto, its main road to some point on Puget
sound, via the valley of the Columbia river,
with the right to locate and construct its branch
from some convenient point on its main trunk
line across the Cascade mountains to Puget
sound; and in the event of there not being in any
State or Territory in which said main line or
branch may be located, at the time of the final
location thereof, the amount of lands per mile
granted by Congress to said com-pany, within
the limits prescribed by its charter, then said
company shall be entitled, under the directions
of the Secretary of the Interior, to receive so
many sections of land belfinging to the United
States, and designated by odd numbers, in
such State or Territory, within ten miles on
each side of said road beyond the limits pre-
scribed in said charter, as will make up such
deficiency on said main line or branch, except
mineral and other lands as excepted in the
charter of said company of 1864, to the amount
of the lands that have been granted, sold, re-
served, occupied by homestead settlers, pre-
empted, or otherwise disposed of subsequent
to the passage of the act of July2,1864. The
section further provides that twenty-five miles
of said main line between its western terminus
and the city of Portland, in the State of Ore-
gon, shall be completed by the 1st day of Jan-
uary, A. D. 1872, and forty miles of the re-
maining portion thereof each year thereafter,
until the whole shall be completed between
said points; provided, that all lands hereby
granted to said company which shall not be
sold or disposed of or remain subject to the
mortgage by this act authorized, at the expira-
tion of five years after the completion of the
entire road shall be subject to settlement and
preemption like other lands, at a price to be
paid to said company not exceeding $2 50 per
acre; and that if the mortgage hereby author-
ized shall at any time be enforced by fore-
closure or other legal proceeding, or the mort-
gage lands hereby granted, or any of them, bo
sold by the trustees to whom such mortgage
may be executed, either at its maturity, or for
any failure or default of said company under
the terms thereof, such lands shall be sold at
public sale, at places within the States and
Territories in which they shall be situate, after
not less than sixty days' previous notice, in
single sections or subdivisions thereof, to the
highest and best bidder; provided further, that
in the construction of the said railroad Ameri-
can iron or steel only shall be used; the same
to be manufactured from American ores exclu-
sively. The second section reserves to Congress
the right at any time to alter or amend this joint
resolution, having due regard to the rights of
said company and any other parties.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to indicate the
line of action which it is proposed to take in
the discussion and disposition of this joint
resolution. At the time it was referred to the
committee from which it is now reported there
were twenty-four amendments of which notice
was given. Now, so far as I can, I desire to
give gentlemen who expressed a desire to offer
those amendments an opportunity to discuss
them ; and so far as I cannot do that, I desire
that they shall have an opportunity to have
their amendments voted upon. And at the end
of the hour allowed for debate upon this joint
resolution, after it is reported,. I propose to
call for the previous question, and then to
reserve that hour for myself and' the other
friends of this measure, the first hour being
exclusively for the opponents of this joint
resolution.
I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hawley] to offer and advocate the amend-
ment which 1 understand the opponents of this
measure regardas the most important. Iyield
to him ten minutes for that purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. Do I understand thegen-
tleman to say that he proposes to yield one
hour to the twenty-four gentlemen who pro-
pose to offer amendments to this joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. WHEELER. I did so say.
Mr. SARGENT. That will be a little over
two minutes to each gentleman.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not wish to speak for
ten minutes merely. I understood from the
gentleman having charge of this joint resolution
[Mr. Wheeler] that I was to have the floor
absolutely and without restriction, to be heard
upon this measure. I have so understood all
the time that I was to have the floor, and to
speak for an hour if I so desired. I never
supposed I was to be restricted to ten minutes
only. On a former occasion, when this meas-
ure was under consideration, it was proposed
to yield ten minutes to me. The House then
determined, as I understood, that there should
be full opportunity for discussion of this
measure.
Mr. WHEELER. One gentleman who gave
notice of an amendment, and to whom I -had
proposed to yield five minutes, has informed
me that he does not desire to be heard on it.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley]
can have that time also.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not want to be limited
to fifteen minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest
that if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] having reported this joint resolu-
tion does not desire to be heard now he can
take his seat, and permit those who desire to
discuss this measure to do so.
Mr. SARGENT. Why limit the time for
this discussion to two hours? Why not take
three?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Cannot the House order
that the remainder of to-day shall be devoted
to the consideration of this bill ?
The SPEAKER. That will be done unless
the House shall otherwise order.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not desire to limit
this debate to two hours if the rules of the
House do not require it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
parliamentary position of this joint resolution.
It was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, with authority to report it back to
the House at any time. That gave the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] as the
organ of that committee, the right to take the
floor at any time for that purpose when the
House was not actually engaged in the'eon-
sideration of some other business. The gen-
tleman luts reported the joint resolution back
to the House to-day; it is,now before the
House for consideration, and it holds its place
as having precedence of all other business until
it shall have been disposed of.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It.may run, then, indefi-
nitely.
Mr. CULLOM. As I understand, the bill
may continue before the House till a majority
of the House desire to come to a vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. It holds its place until
disposed of. to the exclusion of the morning
hour and everything else.
Mr. HAWLEY. Then I have the floor, I
understand.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reporting
the bill is entitled, under the rules, to an hour
when reporting it and to an hour to close the
debate.
Mr. WHEELER. All I ask is an hour in
which to close the debate. I care not how
long gentlemen may occupy in debating it.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair will state fur-
ther that, according to the uniform usage of
the House, when a gentleman having charge
of a bill notifies the Chair that he desires to
bring the debate to a close it is the duty
of the Chair to recognize him in order to test
the sense of the House upon that question.
Whenever during to-day or on any subsequent
