1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1890
and expenditures, and wa\s delighted with the
course he tlieu pursued. He deserved well the
plaudits he ha3 received for his manly and
patriotic exposure of extravagance and profli-
gacy. And the fact that it was the false pre-
tenses, the rottenness, and the corruption of a
Republican Administration, of his own party
associates, that he thus exposed to the indig-
nant gaze of the public, impressed the country
for the time with the conviction that he had
thrown off partisan shackles and risen to that
high plane of patriotism where the exigencies
of party are subordinated to the interests of a
suffering country. The masses of the people
are honest and patriotic, and they love true
manhood whenever and wherever it may mani-
fest itself, and loud and generous huzzas went
up all over the land for the plucky member
from Massachusetts who had assaulted the
citadel of corruption, and dared to 'meet un-
daunted the frowns of an offended Admin-
istration, and even the terrible wrath of his
relentless colleague.
But, Mr. Chairman, no man's epitaph should
be written until he has ended his days and ren-
dered a final account of his stewardship on
earth. The fortunate moment for the apo-
theosis of our distinguished friend is already
passed. He has come down from the stars,
and has already resumed his place among us
fallible mortals. The lush of party or the
exigencies of party have subdued his defiant
courage and appeased his virtuous wrath. The
whole country has been swindled out of its
generous plaudits. It was led to believe, and
this House believed that the distinguished gen-
tleman had met the lion in his path, and had
struck manly blows for his countiy against a
present and formidable evil. But he tells us
now, and he tells the people of New Hamp-
shire that in this we were all mistaken ; that
he was not exposing any existing wrong or
danger, and that he was only amusing himself
and the country by giving a few parting kicks
to the once badly persecuted but long since
defunct administration of Andrev/ Johnson and
a few side bio vs, in passing, to some clerks and
heads of bureaus who are responsible to no-
body, and who somehow or other are playing
the mischief with the President and his Cab-
inet and defeating their virtuous exertions and
labors in behalf of economy. If this is all
that the gentleman has done, I repeat tbat the
people have been cheated out of their generous
applause. There was nothing either original
or brave in all this.
Mr. Chairman, I regret that the distinguished
gentleman has been driven by any exigencies
to the position ho now occupies of a defender
of that which he assailed with manly blows but
two weeks ago. Neither he nor the country
can well afford the loss thereby sustained. His
position was, indeed, an enviable one, and he
has it in his power to render the most eminent
services to his country. But it is impossible to
reconcile his position in New Hampshire and
now with the speeches which have attracted so
much attention throughout the country. He
now admits, indeed, the profligacy, the corrup-
tion, the extravagant expenditure of the pub-
lic money; but he says that this Administra-
tion and the heads of Departments are not to
blame; that the blame, on the contrary, rests
entirely with the heads of bureaus. I wish the
gentleman to tell the House and the country
who is responsible for these heads of bureaus.
Who placed them where they are? Who keeps
them there? The gentleman tells us that these
heads of bureaus were inherited from the profli-
gate administration of Andrew Johnson. What
obstacle was there when President Grant came
into power to prevent his turning every one of
these heads of bureaus out of office, if none of
them were honest, and putting honest, intel-
ligent, and economical men in their places?
What obstacle has there been at anytime? Ho
came into power upon pledges made by him to
do that very thing.
But, sir, it is not true that these officers were
inherited from the administration of Andrew
Johnson. It is the fact that they were inher-
ited by the administration of Andrew Johnson
from the preceding administration of Abraham
Lincoln, and they were kept in their places by
the efforts of a .Republican Congress, against
every attempt on the part of Andrew Johnson
to get rid of them. Every one of these heads
of Departments and heads of bureaus was
hedged round and protected by unconstitutional
legislation, and Andrew Johnson was deprived
of his constitutional powers to remove them.
He was not able to dismiss a head of Depart-
ment, or to discharge any corrupt or incompe-
tent head of a bureau. Indeed, he was so
thwarted by a Republican Congress that he
could not turn out even a clerk in any one of
the Departments. In all cases where he at-
tempted to remove these men, you, gentlemen
on the other side, prevented him from doing so.
The gentleman from Massachusetts was him-
self one of the men who assisted in the un-
constitutional legislation brought forward and
passed by the Republican Congress which pre-
vented Andrew Johnson from turning out these
very Republican officers who have been de-
nounced by him and others as the cause of all
the profligacy of expenditure and corruption in
the administration of the Government which
has been so much complained of then and now,
and for which we are all striving to secure some
speedy remedy. The responsibility for all this
extravagance, therefore, and all this corruption
belongs justly to the Republican parly. They
are responsible for it, aud they must answer for
it to the country. They cannot shirk it by any
attempts like those we have seen here to-day.
ill-. Chairman, I see that I must now yield
the floor, and I beg to say but a word more.
I can listen with some degree of patience to
the profligate boasting of his temperance, or
the cyprian boasting of her virtue, but I beg
that the people of this country shall be pro-
tected from the intolerable wrong, not to say
effrontery and insult, of the Republican party,
in view of all their record, standing up in the
face of the tax-ridden and tax-cursed people
and boasting of their economy. Let that party
compare their record with the record of any
truly Democratic administration, from Jeffer-
son to their accession to power, and I defy
them to look at the record without the com-
parison bringing a blush of shame to their
cheeks.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] has simply
been repeating what his colleagues sitting with
him on that side of the House have constantly
been reiterating, without having a particle of
foundation for their charge. I say that there
never was a syllable uttered by me charging
with profligacy this Administration or any of
its officers, from the members of the Cabinet
to the constables—not a syllabic. And I defy
the gentleman now for the fifth time to find
anywhere that syllable in which I charged an
officer of this Administration with profligacy.
And if the gentleman from Illinois with all his
ability can find no better answer than that, the
country will determine the difference between
his bald and naked statement and the figures
I have produced.
I stand by every figure which I have put
forthbefore the country. I say that the Admin-
istration in the past was turned out because
of its profligacy, and that this Administration
oame in upon a profession of economy. Up
to this date it stands $00,000,000 in advance
of the last Administration ; and if it cuts down
its appropriations according to the earnest
given up to this time, and if the gentlemen on
the other side do not embarrass us, as they
have given us notice that they will cease doing,
but will follow us m this work of cutting down,
the future exhibit will be as creditable to the
character of this Administration as the present.
It will show §00,000,000 more of lightening
the heavy burden of taxation borne by the peo-
ple of this country, and which the folly and the
madness of past Administrations, in involving
this country in war have thrown upon their
shoulders.
The work of this Administration is that of
relieving the people from the great burden put
upon their shoulders, not by us, but by those
in association with whom every one of the
gentlemen who have talked on the other side,
worked side by side up to the very hour when
it was too late to correct the evils or avert the
consequences of their own political madness
and folly. It comes with a bad grace from
the mouths of these men to talk about the
burden of taxation that the people now bear.
Although the gentlemen in this House to whom
I now refer may not have intended this, I say
it was the legitimate result of the administra-
tion of affairs, by the party with which ihey
not only then were associated, but with which
they are associated to-day; and none of them
disavow one of the acts, the result of which is
the great burden under which the people are
groaning to-day, against which the Republican
party is struggling, and as to which they have
promised the people, by economy ofexpendi
ture and by fidelity in the collecting of the
public revenues, so far as it is possible by any
instrumentalities they can put in operation
to relieve them of the consequences of the
madness of past Administrations, that they will
do it.
That is the record of the Republican party.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
talks about the Republican party blushing
for its record. I tell the gentleman to look
along the long line of the history of his own
party. Let him look at the graves of our sol-
diers. Let him look around, and everywhere
through the country see the shattered frame,
the empty sleeve, the crutches—all bearing
testimony to the folly of that party with which"
then as now the gentleman stood associated,
carrying out then as he does now its policy.
Let him do this, and I think he ought to feel
that it would be well for him to examine his
own record and the record of his party before
he undertakes again to speak with regard to
the Republican party.
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment before he makes that motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has no time left to
yield to any other gentleman.
Mr. LAFLIN. I desire to have just five
minutes, and hope the gentleman will withdraw
his motion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw his motion, the
Chair will then recognize the gentleman whom
he thinks entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Lafi.ix.]
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Chairman, this debate
seems to have assumed the character of a com-
parison between Republican professions and
Republican practices on the one hand, and
Democratic professions aud practices on the
other. Since I have been a member of this
House I have not found anywhere such refresh-
ing reading, such wholesome reading, as to
refer to the history and record of the Demo-
cratic party on this subject of economy.
1 had occasion some time ago to call the
attention of this House to the fact that on the
subjects connected with the committee of which
I have the honor to be the chairman, the Com-
mittee on Printing, even in time of peace they
were spending two dollars to our one ; ajid, sir,
when the debate first began upon this deficiency
bill I thought that I would not make a^reat
mistake if 1 referred to the record of the Dem-
ocratic party on the subject of deficiency bills
of the same character. 1 was very glad, indeed,
when my friend from Illinois [Mr. MakSHALLJ
threw down the gauntlet and challenged the
