1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4731
of, I must be allowed to say that I do not think
that gentleman has any especial claim that his
name should be inserted among the corpor-
ators in this bill. The country is doubtless
indebted to General Fremont for early services
as an explorer in the far West and for military
services rendered to the country, as well as for
scientific attainments and scientific treatises.
No Senator no person, is more willing to con-
cede to him all that he is disposed to claim in
these respects than myself; and I should be the
last to utter a word against him or to withhold
from him that meed of praise to which his ser-
vices and his attainments justly entitle him.
But while I say this I am not prepared to
affirm that he is prominent among the business
men of the country, or that there is anything
in his history as a business man that entitles
him to a place among these corporators.
It is not to be disguised, sir—and I feel it to
be a duty resting upon myself as a member of
this body and as a citizen of the United States
having somewhat, at least, at heart the good
name and the credit of American enterprise
and of American traders and dealers—that the
company, the Memphis and El Paso Company,
of which he is now the president and chief
manager, has brought upon the United States
by its management in France a stigma which
affects our credit among the French people
very seriously.
That company, the principal part of the stock
of which I understand to be owned by Gen-
eral Fremont, applied during the last year, or
the close of the previous year, to capitalists in
France for the purpose of obtaining loans of
money upon bonds issued by that company
based upon land grants made, or claimed to
have been made, by the State of Texas to that
company. Those bonds, to the amount of
eight millions or more—I think more—were
committed to the hands of an agent of that
company and carried to France, and were there
negotiated by the agents of the company at, as
it, is said, sixty cents in gold upon the dollar,
and the company raised by means of the sale
of these bonds some six or seven million dol-
lars, perhaps more, for which the company is
now indebted. The amount of bonds now
issued I am not able accurately to state, but
from the information I have received I suppose
it must have been at least eight millions.
Mr. SUMNER. Dollars or francs?
Mr. HOWARD. Not francs, but dollars.
For this sum of money the Memphis and El
Paso Railroad Company, of which General
Fremont is president, is now indebted to bond-
holders in France numbering I do not know to
what figure. Representations were made in
France by agents of this company of the most
extravagant character in the journals of Paris
and ofthe provinces, and in various other forms,
by which the people of France, or some por-
tion of them, were induced to believe that the
Memphis and El Paso Railroad Company was
a railroad extending from the Atlantic ocean
to the Pacific ocean, having as its termini on
the Atlantic ocean Charleston, Norfolk, and
Baltimore, and its terminus on the Pacific
ocean San Diego. It was represented and
believed that this company was the owner of
this entire line across the continent from ocean
to ocean ; and the puffers of the company in
France gave it the name of the Memphis and
El Paso Transcontinental Pacific Railroad
Company, a very high-sounding designation
indeed. _
it was represented that this company, as i
Kiid before, was the owner ot this entire line
across the continent; that they had an immense
<;nii!t of land in Texas, reaching more than
eight million acres across the entire State, the
title of which was m the company; that they
owned upward of a thousand acres of Sand at
the liead'of Norfolk harbor, which was to be
the iocahtv of their eastern terminus; that
they owned large tracts of land 011 San Diego
bay, on the Pacific ocean, and various other
interests in lands, and also three or four sep-
arate railroad charters or railroad companies
between the termini of their great Transconti-
nental Pacific railroad. It was further repre-
sentedand believed, doubtless very extensively,
among the French people, that the Congress of
the United States had granted to this transconti-
nental line a right of way across the entire
continent; and so far did the agents of this
company or persons in their interest go as to
assert and to publish in French journals and
French pamphlets that the Government of the
United States had guarantied these six per
cent, railroad mortgage bonds, and that the
interest was to be paid by the United States.
In this latter representation there was no
truth whatever. Congress had never granted
even the right of way across the Territories of
the United States to the Memphis and El Paso
Railroad Company, much less had Congress
ever guarantied or promised to guaranty a
single bond of the Memphis and El Paso Rail-
road Company. But by means of these ex-
travagant representations, too numerous for
me to mention here, a large amount of money
was raised from amongthe French people, and
went into the coffers of the company, some
portion of which at least was disposed of in
the purchase of material for the construction
of the road and for rolling stock ; how much
I shall not now undertake to say. It is suffi-
cient to say that this system of puffing and
false representation on the part of the ageuts
of this company in France was gross and mon-
strous ; it was such as, in my judgment, to
bring a stain and a disgrace upon the charac-
ter of the American people; it has greatly
affected the credit of American enterprise in
France ; and so disappointed were the persons
to whom these bonds were sold in France
that within the last few months they dispatched
an agent to the city of New York for the pur-
pose of obtaining some sort of satisfaction.
A suit was brought in the supreme court of
that city against General Fremont and other
officers of the board of directors of that com-
pany, in which the court granted an order to
hold the defendants to bail, each in the sum
of $10,000. The foundation of this suit was
the false representations which had been
made in France, and by means of which this
vast amount of money was wrung from the
pockets of poor people in France, who sought
to lay up their savings in these bonds of the
Memphis and El Paso Railroad Company.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Michigan give w,ay to allow me to make a
motion to adjourn? He cannot get the bill
through to-night.
Mr. HOWARD. I am nearly through.
Mr. CAMERON. We shall unfit ourselves
for business to-morrow by staying here longer
to-night.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall close my few remarks
; in a brief tune. Now, sir, I shall not say that
j General Fremont was personally responsible
; for the extravagant representations by means
j of which this money was obtained ; but on a
careful inspection of the various French jour-
nals which have come to my hand and hrench
pamphlets published and circulated upon the
subject I am prepared to say, and I am com-
pelled to say, that I do not, think General Fr6-
,, mont:s skirts are clear in reference to his
Jj transactions, and I think, sir, that by inserting
|j bis natiis in the list Ol corpora/tors in, this bill;
'! thus giving him the indorsement of the Con-
j: gress of the United Siates as a man proper to
be trusted in such an important enterprise, we
!| shall be acting, I will not say unjustly, but I
|j wiH say gratuitously; for I believe that other
i! names may be selected which are far more fit
!! to figure among the list of corporators than
'! that of General Fremont. ,
! Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this is a
' most extraordinuiy statement that we have
: heard from I he Senator from Michigan; audit
i! it moans anything, he means by this statement
i that he hns made that falsehoods have been
|! published in France and false representations
madej and if he meansit to have any effectupon
the motion now pending, he means to impute
that to General Fr6mont. I should like to ask
the Senator from Michigan if he means to im-
pute falsehood to General Fremont?. If he does
not, why is such a statement as that made here
in the Senate ? I confess that I regret exceed-
ingly to hear the remarks which have fallen
from the Senator from Michigan. We are
about incorporating a railroad company, and
of these seventy or one hundred names very
few of them are known to anyone member of
the Senate. It is not, as I apprehend, so very
material as to whose names are inserted here
as the corporators to organize this company.
When the company is organized, directors will
be chosen, officers will be appointed to carry
on the business of the company; and I regret
exceedingly that this, as it seems to me, gra-
tuitous—to use the word of the Senator from
Michigan—assault should be made upon Gen-
eral Fremont.
I think he has done too much and deserved
too well of his country to be assaulted because
his name isused, in connection with a hundred
others, as one of the original corporators to
organize a Pacific railroad company; and if
any significance is to be given to what the Sen-
ator has stated—I am not prepared to contro-
vert his statements as to the publications in
France; I know nothing about them—but if
any significance is to be given to them, the
intention is to attack the reputation and the
honor and truthfulness of General Fremont.
I think the Senator should be well fortified
before he makes such accusations ; and I con-
fess they have fallen upon my ear with great
regret. I hope that after what has been said the
name of General Frlmont will not be stricken
from the list of corporators.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois accused me of
having spoken gratuitously in reference to
General Fremont, and expresses his surprise
that-I should have done so, and he intimates
that what I have said is unfounded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that.
Mr. HOWARD. No, I know you did not
say that; but it is intimated that what I have
said is unfounded and untrue, and the Senator
remarks very properly that it is my duty to be
prepared to state to the Senate the facts upon
which I have based the remarks just uttered.
I am prepared now and here, and I feel it to
be my duty to state the facts, or at least apart
of the facts and enough of the facts to satisfy
the Senate that what I have said is not un-
founded, not gratuitous, not unjust; and, at
the expense of wearying the Senate somewhat,
inasmuch as the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois has seen fit to implicate me in some degree,
T mnst beg to be indulged with proceeding to
stale the facts.
M. Probst was employed by the company as
their agent, and went from New York to Paris
inthe latter part of 1867 or the winter of 1867-08,
as stated by Mr. Gilbert, the attorney and coun-
sel of the company, in Miscellaneous Document
No. 121. Probst sold the entire batch of bonds,
amounting to $8,40.0,000, nominally to M.
Paradis, in Paris, as General Fr6mont also
statesinhisletterofMarch25, 1870; but neither
the date nor the terms of this sale are anywhere
given. We are ignorant of the contents of this
instrument, ifany written agreement was made;
and none of the parties who came before the
sub-committee to make statements in the inter-
est ofthe Memphis and El Paso Company was
able to say he had seen it or knew its contents.
General Fr6mont, in his letter to the chairman
of the Senate Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road of March 25, 1870, does not produce it,
nor does he pretend that he has ever seen it.
The concealment, almost studied, of this ira-
portantdocument,, so deeply affecting the credit
ofthe company, and so necessary to be under-
stood by Congress before passing any act in the
! interest of this company, creates a suspicion
that all is not as it should be in regard to it.
