1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
Mr. SCHENCK. I make no objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
the gentleman who makes the objection comes
from the nickel district in Pennsylvania, and
nickel has an increase of forty per cent, in this
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask tny colleague
[Mr. Brooks, of New York] to state who con-
stitute the minority of the committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. My colleague
on the committee from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] substantially agrees with me in opinion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope they will have an
opportunity to print the information which
they desire to submit to the House.
The SPEAKER. They cannot have an
opportunity to print it so long as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] persists
in his objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire
whether it would be in order to move a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill is made
the special order for the 15th instant, with a
view of attaching to it the minority report as
part of the special order.
The SPEAKER. The object could not be
accomplished in that way. The report could
not be reached till after the special orders
already in the committee are disposed of.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I only desire that they
shall have a fair hearing.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union I will yield for a moment to the gentle-
men from Illinois, [Mr. Hawlby.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
the regular order, and insist upon it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York should not retort upon me.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I deeply
regret to retort upon the honorable gentleman,
but I can only maintain my rights by insisting
on the precedents which others have set.
Mr. DAWES. I have certainly tried all I
could to give the gentleman an opportunity to
present his minority report.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am much
indebted to the gentleman, but business here
must proceed in regular order*.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must proceed or surrender the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses.
Mr. STILES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. To be impar-
tial I must object.
Mr. STILES. My question has reference
to the "matter before the House. I desire to
inquire what length of time remains for general
debate?
The SPEAKER. That has no reference to
the pending question.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. There remains one hour
and five minutes for general debate, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
but the laws of good taste might require me to
leave this debate to abler and more experienced
members. But it seems to me that if this ques-
tion is not debated here thoroughly and to the
bottom it will be debated hereafter in every
school district and at every cross-road through-
out the entire land. The question which has
been raised is nothing more nor less than this:
whether the President of the United States and
his executive advisers lack either the purpose
or the capacity to redeem the pledges they have
made, and relieve the groaning industries of
this country from the weight of an extravagant
and wasteful public expenditure ?
Mr. Chairman, individuals, politicians, either
in this House or out of it, may seek their per-
sonal advancement by other and different
: paths, but the American people always have
identified and always will identify political par-
ties with the President to whom they intrust
the administration of the Government. You
cannot, if you would, separate your fate or
that of the principles you hold dear from that
of the Chief Magistrate who is your leader
and their embodiment and exponent. As the
American people shall approve or condemn
President Grant and his Cabinet, they will
approve or condemn you.
Now, sir, the charge has been made from a
most respectable source that the President and
his advisers lack either the capacity or the
desire to redeem the pledges upon which they
i were elected. Whether it is from want of
i capacity .or from want of desire is immaterial.
Traitors or imbeciles, it matters not which,
we are to look for no aid from them in re-
deeming the pledges on which we and they
were elected to office. The precise language
which was used about them on this floor is
this:
"Sir, here and here alone, on thi3 floor, aro the
pledges of the Republican party to be redeemed. W e
can have no aid from the other end of the Capitol or
the other end of the avenue."
That is from the Senate or from the Presi-
dent and his heads of Departments. Now, if
that is true 
Mr. DAWES. Will it disturb my colleague
if I interrupt him ?
Mr. HOAR. I hope the gentleman will not
do so to any great extent.
Mr. DAWES. I only wish to say that my
colleague has entirely misapprehended what I
meant in that speech, and also in the speech
I made in reply to the remarks of my other
colleague.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] said that whereas the corrupt
and profligate administration of Andrew John-
son had surrendered before the American peo-
ple to the charge of wasteful and extravagant
expenditures of the public money, the present
Administration proposed to carry on the public
business on a still larger scale of expenditures.
And then, alluding to the pledges of economy
which the Republican party had given the peo-
ple, he used the language which 1 have already
quoted, namely: "Here and here alone, on
this floor, are the pledges of the Republican
party to be redeemed. We can have no aid
from the other end of the Capitol"—by which
he meant the Senate—" or from the other end
of the avenue "—by which he meant the Pres-
i ident and his Cabinet.
Mr. DAWES. I think when my colleague is
informed that he misunderstands what I said,
that I did not intend to charge that the Presi-
dent or any member of the Cabinet lacked any
desire for economy, he ought not to repeat it.
Mr. HOAR. I accept fully my colleague's
disavowal as to the meaning which he intended
his words should contain; but I say that the
language which he sent forth to the country
bears that meaning, and to the public under-
standing can bear no other. Now, sir, I do
not propose to discuss the reasons which may
have led my colleague to the conclusions he
has reached ; still less would I join with any
man who would impute to him low personal
motives. Whether my colleague is an honest,
a wise, an industrious, a faithful public servant
is not a debatable question in this House or in
Massachusetts, which has honored him with
her confidence in a distinguished career of
constant and various public service from his
youth up. Whether the charges he has deemed
it his duty to make are true is the larger and
graver question.
The simple statement upon which all these
arrayed figures which we have heard are thought
to bear is this: that whereas the administration
of Andrew Johnson estimated the govern-
mental expenditures for the year ending June
30, 1870, at $303,000,000, which was reduced
by Congress $20,000,000 in its appropriations,
the present Administration have asked for
$331,000,000, or $49,000,000 more than was
actually appropriated by the last Congress.
Now, what are the facts in regard to this
matter? It has been the practice of this Gov-
ernment for many years to send to Congress
a communication, making what is called " the
book of estimates." This book of estimates
is made up of the estimates of the chiefs of
bureaus, supervising architects, and other de-
partmental officers, each stating what amount
he thinks Congress should appropriate for the
needs of the public objects in his special charge,
neither of them having before him information
of the geueral needs of the Government or any
knowledge of what had been demanded by any
other officer.
So far are these estimates of the bureaus
from being, or from being understood to be
the official statement of the Administration of
its demands to enable it to carry on the Gov-
ernment, that until the present year these esti-
mates have not ever been added up. The
Secretary of the Treasury, as the chief finan-
cial officer of the Government, as its organ in
that regard, sends in his annual report the
estimates of what will be the whole fiscal needs
of the Government. Mr. McCulloch, estimat-
ing last year for his successor, gives $303,000,-
000 as the amount required for the needs of
the Government. Mr. Boutwell sent in as his
estimate of the needs of the Government the
amount of $291,000,000, or $12,000,000 less
than the amount estimated for by his prede-
cessor.
Now, Mr. McCulloch put in the preface of
the bureau estimate book of last year the
extract from his official report containing his
estimate of what should be allowed to his suc-
cessors. Secretary Boutwell does not do that;
but for the convenience of Congress he has
done what I am informed has never been done
before, he has footed up the bureau estimates;
and that is how the sum of $331,000,000 is
obtained. Now, my colleague does not com-
pare Secretary Boutwell's official statement of
the demand of the Administration with Mr. Mc-
Culloch's,which wouldshow thisyear $12,000,-
000 less than last; but he takes the bureau esti-
mates of this year and compares them with the
official estimates of Mr. McCulloch. In other
words, he is not comparing the same things
when he makes his comparison to the disad-
vantage of the present Administration.
More than that, Mr. Chairman ; in the book
of bureau estimates of the present Adminis-
tration there is an admitted clerical error of
$7,000,000, and that book is made up by insert-
ing the whole expenditure of the Post Office
Department for the year, instead of inserting
the deficiency only of receipts compared with
expenditures, as was done in Mr. McCulloch's
demand of last year. By a further error the
deficiency is added, too ; so that besides the
clerical error of $7,000,000, adding the whole
postal expenditure makes a further error in the
general estimates amounting to $30,700,000,
which requires to be corrected before that book
can be made the subject of comparison with
anything.
Let me repeat. In McCulloch's $303,000,000
is included the excess oniy of post office ex-
penditures over receipts, amounting to some
