956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February \9
$6,000,000. In the $381,000,000 with which
it is compared is included an admitted clerical
error of $7,000,000; and there is also included
the whole expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment, not deducting the receipts,and amounting
to more than twenty-six million dollars; whereas
McCulloch's estimates include the excess only.
And then by another clerical error the excess,
also amounting to $4,700,000, is also included.
' These corrections, amounting in round num-
bers to $30,700,000, would bring down the
bureau estimates of this year to $297,000,000,
or $6,000,000 below the official estimate of
McCulloch.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is not true that the
executive estimates of this year are greater
than those which the profligate administration
of Andrew Johnson estimated for its succes-
sors. It is all a mistake and a misunderstand-
ing. No fair man will condemn the Executive
on that account.
But it is said this is all very unimportant
for Congress last year cut down by $20,000,000
the estimates of Mr. McCulloch and appropri-
ated only $283,000,000, or $49,000,000 less
than the bureauestimatesofto-day. Ithinkthe
difference is pretty important. I think the
question whether this Executive has been able
to excel in economy a Republican Congress is
one not so likely to cause a smile on Demo-
cratic faces. The Congress of last year were
not hurled from power; they did not surrender
to a charge of corruption, did they? The differ-
ence affects the whole point of my colleague's
speech, which was a comparison of our Exec-
utive with its profligate predecessor, and not
merely to prove that President Grant and his
Cabinet are less efficient or sagacious than the
Republican Congress of which my colleague
was so distinguished an ornament, or that
Committee on Appropriations of which my
other colleague formed so important a part.
But a very simple and brief story will make
it clear that the Executive of to-day can more
triumphantly sustain a comparison with the
last Congress even than with the last Execu-
tive ; and this even taking these bureau esti-
mates as the basis. The difference between
the bureau estimates of to-day and the appro-
priations of the last Republican Congress is ap-
parently $49,000,000; but of these $7,000,000
is an admitted clerical error,leaving $42,000,000
of apparent excess. Let us see who is respons-
ible for that.
In this book of estimates is an estimate of
more than eleven million dollars for the pay-
ment of pensions due under the law of last Con-
gress. No man grudges a dollar of this. But
in comparing the economy of the Secretary
who estimates it with that of the previous Con-
gress who voted it, to whose account is it to
be charged? The Republican Congress said,
" We appropriate this year $288,000,000; but
nextyear there must be added to it all that these
increased pensions amount to, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior must tell us how much that
is." Hetellsus, " $11,000,000 more than you
appropriated last year." And now we are
gravely asked to turn round upon him and say,
" We are to get no aid from you in our attempts
at economy." No, Mr. Chairman; every man
sees that this $11,000,000 must be struck from
the amount in the comparison of economic
purpose between the present Executive and
the last Congress, and that leaves $31,000,000
of appropriation in excess.
Now, take the item of public works. These
bureau estimates contain estimates of $24,000, -
000 for public works against an appropriation
of last ye^r of $-5,000,000. But of this excess
more than $15,000,000 is the estimate of the
cost of works either ordered to be built or
ordered to be estimated for by Congress itself
heretofore. The Secretary has no more dis-
cretion in the matter than the clerk who held
the pen. Congress orders him to tell them
how much a thing will cost. He tells them,
and then we are asked to turn around upon him
and say: " What extravagance! We cannot
get any aid from you in reforming the expend-
itures of this Government." Now, last year
Congress said to. the Secretary: "We will
appropriate $303,000,000 for this year, and at
; the beginning of the next year do you tell
Congress how much certain works are to cost.''
He puts in the estimates $15,000,000 in addi-
tion to the ordinary appropriations. This
$15,000,000 is the work of a Republican Con-
i gress and not the work of President Grant's
Secretary of the Treasury, and it must be
stricken off before you begin to institute any
comparison. That is clear, for the reason that
; this amount is not proposed by the Secretary
to be spent, but is merely given as information
to Congress of the cost of what it had ordered.
It cannot be fairly chargeable to the Secretary,
and, as I have said, must be stricken off before
you begin to institute any comparison.
That leaves $16,000,000 of apparent excess.
But the bureau estimate contains the whole
Post Office expenditure and the excess too,
as I explained before, while the appropriation
contains only the excess of costs over receipts.
This correction puts $30,000,000 to the credit
: of Grant, leaving a balance in his favor of
$14,000,000 between the bureau estimates of
this year and the appropriation of last year—a
credit to the present administration of the
Government as compared with the actual
appropriations of the Republican Congress of
last year, which must be taken into account
before you begin to institute any comparison.
Now, when this Postmaster General shows a
saving in the deficit of receipts below expend-
itures, that is in the cost to the country of his
Department, of twenty per cent., and by his
energy has caused the passage of a law through
this House abolishing the franking privilege
and calculated to cause a large additional sav-
ing, ought we to turn upon him with the taunt,
| "We shall get no aid from you in diminishing
j the expense of this Government?"
j Then there is the item of Indian treaties.
| No appropriation was made last year for the
! purpose of carrying these treaties out. And
1 while that was so, still it was the duty of the
\ Department to make the estimates. That
I makes a difference—I state it in round num-
j bers—of $2,000,000 more.
! Mr. Chairman, itis not true that the admin-
istration of General Grant will not compare
favorably with the Republican Congress of
■ last year, even if bureau estimates be taken on
one side and actual appropriations on the other.
| I might pursue this still further and adduce
] many smaller items which still further tend in
! the same direction. After the significant fact
stated by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
McCrary] on Saturday that the Secretary of
War has reduced the estimates for his Depart-
ment $12,000,000 from the bureau estimates
and $6,000,000 lesB than the whole expenditure
of last year, shall we turn upon him with the
taunt, "Are we to have no aid from you in
reducing the expenditures of this Govern-
ment?"
One more faet, and I have done. Remember
that the appropriations of last year were made
in reference to an unexpended balance of
$156,000,000. The present Administration has
unexpended balances of $68,000,000. Now,
when there is an unexpended balance to the
credit of any public work or any particular
public object it is as good as money in the
pocket of the Department charged with its
execution. Of course Congress in its appro-
priations takes into consideration these un-
expended balances. Therefore, when the Re-
publican Congress of last year appropriated
$303,000,000 they knew that these unexpended
balances were on hand. It is said that this sug-
gestion was only heard yesterday for the first
time, but on turning to the book of estimates
under the item of pensions I find this lan-
guage :
" Note.—The appropriation for the year ending
June 80,1870, was reduced from the estimated amount
required in order to absorb the accumulated surplus
of approprifttioh."
It is not true, therefore, that the Adminis-
tration of to-day need shrink from a com-
parison with Johnson's or with any preceding
Administration. The Administration that hag
diminished the actual expenses under existing
laws more than thirty-five million dollars, that
lias organized a new and more effective system
of revenue collection, that has estimated that
it can provide for all the same objects and
pay $11,000,000 to the soldiers' and sailors'
and their dependent families, is not to be heid
up to the country as imbecile or treacherous
to its pledges for any man's errors in book-
keeping.
The Postmaster General has reduced his
excess twenty per cent, besides what may be
saved by the energy and zeal brought to bear
on the abolition of the franking privilege.
I do not propose to pursue these items any
further. This plain statement, totally irrefrag-
able as it seems to me, should satisfy us that
anything in the speech of my colleague which
might have been construed as casting any im-
putation on the ability or the integrity of pur-
pose of these officers has been satisfactorily
explained.
The sum of the thing is this: if to the appro-
priations of last year were added the sums
which last year's Congress by its acts or the
legislation which it left in force required the
Executive of this year to estimate, in addition
to those appropriations and so much of the
unexpended balances as last year's Executive
used up, it would require an appropriation of
$429,000,000 instead of the $283,000,000 act-
ually appropriated; and yet it is said that we
are to have no help from the other end of the
avenue because its bureau estimates exceed
last year's appropriations.
No, Mr. Chairman, this charge is not true.
The President is as faithful to his pledges, his
advisers are as faithful to theirs, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations will
be to those which his speeches have imposed
upon him, to carry still further the work of
retrenchment.
This House will give its confidence, its
respect, its support equally to both, while on
both sides they are equally faithful and in earn-
est in protecting the interests of the country.
There is to be no split in the Republican party.
There is to be no quarrel between the people's
President and the people's Representatives—
the chieftain who turned disaster and doubt
and despair into victory, and led the armies
which saved the country from rebellion ; and
the Congress who, from the days when armed
men threatened the freedom of debate in this
Hall, so steadily, so resolutely held its course
and triumphed, and afterward successfully
resisted treason in the executive chair. The
two are united in their purpose to relieve the
labor and industry of the country from the
burdens which their Democratic predecessors
and Democratic rebels have brought upon them.
My colleague will feel, I know, a joy and
delight in believing that the sacrificial knife,
which, it seemed to others, he was pointing in
his zeal against his own friends, can be turned
against that ancient adversary, the Democratic
party, who have brought the burdens upon the
country which have made this debate neces-
sary. I will not compare my friend and col-
league to Ahab. He never asks for the health
of a sick friend but to heal, or touches his
wounds but to cure. But his fourteen years
of patriarchal service have suggested to me
the thought of comparing his feelings to those
of the ancient patriarch, Abraham, who, when
he had uplifted his knife by Divine command
against his only son—only and well beloved
—had his hand stayed, and by the same com-
mand was directed to turn the edge against the
ram, the old Democratic bell-wether that was
caught bv the horns in the thicket hard by.
Mr. Worm „ Mr. Chairman, following the
gentleman who has just taken his seat in the
discussion of the subject to which he has re-
ferred, I shall avoid any personal ftlliisidflB of
