1870.
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3789
the granted lands opposite to and conterminous with
said completed section, to make proof and payment
to the district land officers, tor their claims within
three months from the date of said notice; and the
registers and receivers shall report the sale of said
lands monthly, ns isi the sales of public lands; and
the amount i oeeived shall bo placed by the receivers
to the credit of the railroad company in such depos-
itory as they may designate: Provided, That if any
settler shall tail to make proof and i>ay for his claim
within the time herein specified, his right thereto
shall become forfeited, and the land shall he patented
to the said company: And provided further, That
patents tdiall issue to said company for all lands
which shall remain unsold alter the expiration of
three months from the date of completion of each
section ot said road: And provided aha, That the
railroad company may, at any time, sell, couvey by
deed, mortgage, or deed of trust, nil of said land, to
persons or corporations, and not actual settlers, and
at such prices and on such terms as the parses may
agree upon: Provided, That when so sold 01* con-
veyed, the said lands in the hands of the purchaser,
mortgagee, or trustee, or other grantees, shall bo
subject to sale to actual settleis within the time
limited as aforesaid, and on the same terms as though
the said deed, mortgage, or deed of trust had nover
been made: Provided, That if said road is not com-
pleted within ten years from the date of the accept-
ance of the grant herein made, the lands remaining
along the uncompleted portions of the road shall re-
vcit to the Government anil be open to pieemption
prid homestead entry afcer due public notice by the
district land officers, under instructions from the
Secretary of the Interior, as provided in the case ot
public lands.
Mr. ELAr I move the following amend-
ment:
And provided further, That any railroad now au-
thorised, or which hereafter may bo authorized, to
be built by competent State or national authority,
whose line of road does or shall intersect the line of
the said Northern Pacific Railroad Company, shall
have the right of way to the extent of two hundred
tect in width, with necessary grounds for depot pur-
poses, over and across the lands oi such company,
now or heretofore granted to said Northern Pacific
Railroad Company by act of Congress, free of any
charge whatever.
I will yield to the gentleman from Ohio lo
offer an amendment.
Mr. LAWEENCK 1 offer the following, to
come in as additional to theamendment offered
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gkxt :
And as to all lands purchased under any such sale
by any corporation, or by other persons, greater in
quantify than one quarter recti on for any one person,
fill such lands shall be and remain subject to the
right ot purchase by actual settlers at a price not to
exceed 50 per acre and m amounts not exceeding
one Quarter section by any one person, under such
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Inte-
lior may prescribe to carry this provision into effect.
Mr. SARGENT. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my amendment.
Mr. ELA. I now yield to "the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Cobctkn] to offer an amend-
ment..
Mr. OOBUTtN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Insert after the word "point," in iinc sixteen,
these words: "not exceeding three hundred miles
ea&t of the western terminus, so as to provide that
the branch shall not be over three hundred miles
in length.-"
Strike out. in lines five, six, seven, and eight, these
words: "and to secure the same by mortgage on its
property and rights of property of all kinds and de-
scriptions, real, personal, and mixed, including its
franchise as a. corporation/' and insert these words:
"and to secure the same by mortgage upon the
tracks, depots, rolling stock, and other personal
property alone."
The SPEAKER. These amendments are
not considered as pending until objection has
been withdrawn.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker, the amendment
which I have offered 1 offer for the purpose of
securing some possible chance for any load
which might want to run in another direction
to get across the line of this mammoth corpor-
ation. And I would like to inquire of the
members of this House whether they consider
that this road cannot be built without granting
to them forty solid miles of land, spreading
over a breadth of one hundred and twenty
miles, or whether it is ever to be possible here-
after to build a road in any other direction
which will have to cross the one hundred and
twenty miles of this mammoth corporation?
And, sir, I would like to ask the question here
which I desired to ask the other day, when it
was alleged that this was no new grant of land.
I understand it to be a grant of new lands to
the extent of between one hundred and fif^r
and two hundred miles in length, and forty
miles wide upon each side of this road, adding
to the forty-seven million acres which they
now hold three million acres more of the best
agricultural and timbered lands upon this con-
tinent.
Why, Mr. Speaker, if this corporation cannot
build its road by the subscriptions to its stock,
but has to morigage its lands to the moneyed
powers of Europe, and if the road has got to be
built by a mortgage to those powers, I ask if it
is not better that the United States Government
shall mortgage its lands itself to build the road,
and own the road when completed, which is to be
between seventeen and eighteen hundred miles
long, instead of giving it lo a corporation with-
out their having contributed a dollar from their
own pockets to build it ? X tell you, sir, that we
have gone a little too far in granting the lands
of the people to these mammoth private cor-
poiations. When it was necessary to bind the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts together, in order
to give speedy communication and the means
of protection between theAtlautic and Pacific
coasts, there was a national necessity which
warranted the expenditure of the money then
made for the purpose of building that road.
But if the position taken by the gentleman from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] that this road is a rival
road tothc Union Pacific railroad, be the true
oue, in IJeaveirs name what are you about to
do ? The Government has invested more than
$00,000,000 in building that road, and this is a
direct proposition to destroy every dollar of that
800,000,000 which the G overnment has invested
in the Union Pacific railroad. When thescarce
capital of this country has been invested in
such an enterprise can any proper object be
served by your going and destroying the power
of earnings for that capital, more especially
when the Government holds the second mort-
gage, and the people of the country are liable
to become the sufferers as the result of your
action?
Out, Mr. Speaker, there is no necessity af
the present time for the building of this road.
It is worse than useless to open up more terri-
tory for settlement at the piesent time. The
policy of this Government to-day should be to
concentrate its population more, instead of
scattering it. Place the pioneer in the wilder-
ness, and he becomes a burden on the Govern-
ment, unless you leave him to drift toward
barbarism. To-day the expenditures of this
Government are 'largely increased by the neces-
sity of carrying the mails to this (scattered pop-
ulation. I ask the men of the South here to-
day if it is not better for them to settle up their
own fertile fields, and thicken the population
there until the burdens of Government shall
rest more lightly upon them, than to undertake
to scatter our population into the wilderness ?
Is it not better to leave these lands for the
landless men of the coming generation, that
they may have something to enter upon which
the hand of monopoly has not gathered ?
Sir. Speaker, I might go on at much greater
length, but I do not desire to occupy the time
of this House in any extended remarks in the
very few moments allowed me upon this ques-
tion. If this road is to be built with American
capital, then it is of importance to every tax-
payer and debtor and business man throughout
the land that vve shall pursue a eonecl policy
in regard to it. This is the pioneer of the
brood of land-grant schemes which, if they are
acceded to, will place these corporations in
competition with the Government to the extent
of nearly one half of the bonded debt ot this
country in amount.
What is the effect of it? They go into the
money markets where money is scarce and
gather up every available dollar that there is
to be had with the enormous rates of interest
which they can afford to offer. That keeps onr
public debt at the present high rate of interest;
it compels every business man in the nation to
pay the enormous rates of interest that are
to-day eating up the substance of the business
men of this country and the tax-paying people
of this country as no other nation or people
was ever devoured before. If these toads are
to be built with foreign capital, then they inter-
fere with funding abroad, and their.earnings and
the proceeds ot' the sales of these lands will
be drained from the country year after year, as
the settler is robbed of the amount he pays for
this common birthright of the people, for t,he
benefit of foreign money lenders.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told tbat it is go-
ing to open up this territory for settlement
and cultivation. Sir, you have got twice the
amount of territory to-day open for settlement
and cultivation that there is any necessity for.
You cannot pay the expenses even of the col-
lectors and assessors if internal revenue in
these thinly-settled regions of country, and
you have to come to the thickly-populated
States on the Atlantic coast and collect from
the people there the money with which to pay
the assessors and collectors of internal revenue
in these distant sections of the country. Take
the report of the Postmaster General, and you
will there litid that only thirteen States are to-day
paying the expenses of c-arryingthe mails wit!; in
their borders.
Is it the policy of this Government, while it
is so heavily burdened with debt, while rates
of interest are so high, to sacrifice the public
lands which this Government holds in trust for
the people, ami which belong to the people, in
order that you may enrich the rings of specu-
lators who hold the franchises of these corpora-
tions? I warn the liepublican party of this
House and of the country that if it is to retain
the confidence of the toiiing millions, its own
ascendency, yon must not sacrifice this inherit-
ance of the people to enrich these corporations.
1 now yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Wis ax s.J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman bus only
five minutes remaining.
Mr. ELiA. 1 understood the gentleman from
Kansas [Mr. Clarke] to yield the floor to me
unconditionally for an hour.
The SPEAKER. He had no right to yield
for an hour.
.Mr. ELiA. lie yielded the ilooi uncondi-
tionally, and I took it and was recognized by
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. That was not the condi-
tion of the case at all.
Mr. EIjA. Then i yield the balance of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
a few words upon this bill, and upon the policy
under which it proceeds and which it illus-
trates. There are several respects in which
the bill is objectionable, and on account of
which it ought not, in my judgment, to become
a law, in addition to the general objections
which exist to granting lands in aid of internal
improvements. Among these may be specified:
Firstly. The proposed Northern Paeiiic rail-
road is too far north to be a useful thorough-
fare or competing line to the Pacific shores, it
will, if built, be snowed under half the year ;
Secondly. Liberal, not to say munificent
grants have heretofore been made in aid of t he
proposed enterprise, yet nothing has been done
looking to the construction of tiie road, tho.igh
sufficient time has elapsed within which to have
made much progress in the work;
Thirdly. 'This bill proposes a branch r.;ud,
without definite termini, and which may, there-
fore, be made nearly as long as the stem or
parent line, and parallel thereto, with a large
grant of binds to aid in its construction in
addition, and it may be nearly equal to the
princely estate originally granted;
Fourthly. The bill contains no restrictions
upon the tenure of the company, which may
keep its lands, or sell them to whom, in wisai.
quantifies, and for what prices it may piea-e.
Fifthly. The bill authorizes the eoniptui> to
mortgage all its lands, and does not clearly
