1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4738
lion, then sitting at Austin, passed an ordinance
substantially revoking the land grant made
to this company: and the constitution itself,
then framed for that State and ratified by the
votes of the people thereof in December, 1809,
expressly subjects these lands to be taken up
and purchased by any person having a genuine
land warrant issued by the proper State func-
tionary. There is no evidence whatever that
any officer or agent of the company made it
known in France that this ordinance and this
new constitution of Texas existed. These im-
portant documents seem to have been care-
fully hidden from the eyes of Frenchmen; but
that they were known to the officers and agents
of the company, including General Fremont,
there can be no doubt. In law they were all
chargeable with this notice; and if they, in a
foreign land, omitted to make known such
facts in a matter of contract, they were guilty
ol a fraud which, in a court of equity, would
d emand a rescission and a return of the con-
sideration.
Mr. MeCREERY. Will the Senator from
Michigan give way for a motion to adjourn?
^ I he PRESIDING OFFICER. Doea the
Senator from Michigan yield to the Senator
from Kentucky?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not,unless there can
be an understanding that this bill is to be taken
up at some other time, say Saturday, or some
early day. I know it is late in the evening.
Mr. MeCREERY. The gentleman may not
be aware of it, but it is nearly twelve o'clock
now.
Mr. HOWARD. I know it is.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope there will be a gen-
eral understanding that this bill will be taken
up on Saturday, at one o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. You cannot get that.
Mr. HO WARD. Then I shall be obliged to
go on.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there might be an
understanding that it be taken up, at least in
order to allow the honorable Senator from
Michigan to close the remarks which he is now
deliveiing. That is not an unusual thing.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not an unusual
thing if it concerns the convenience of the Sen-
ator from Michigan; buthe is not appealing to
the Senate for las own convenience at all. Oil
the contrary, the suggestion is that we cannot
get a vote to-night, not that the Senator from
Michigan is not disposed to go on.
Mr. HOWARD. I am willing to go on until
I finish my remarks.
Mr. CONKLING. Therefore it is not worth
while to adjourn for that purpose, the Senator
himself not milking the suggestion.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to make a suggestion
to see if it will commend itself to the-Senator
from &w York. The naturalization biil is to
follow the tax bill, I believe. Would not the
Senator from New York consent to give Sat-
urday to this bill, with the distinct understand-
ing that the naturalization bill shall come tip
on Monday and be the regular order?
Mr. RICE. This is the only special order,
any way.
Mr. THAYER. Let us give Saturday to this
bill.
Mr. CONIvLING. I should like, as for as
1 have the power to do so, to assent to any-
thing which my freind from Nebraska would
like; but I am quite sure, and other Senators
will concur with mo in that, that I should dis-
regard my duty if I were to lose a single op-
portunity at this late day to get up the natu-
ralization bill. On Monday and other days,
other things, which the Senator lias not now
in mind, will be pressing for advance, and I
feel quite sure that we ought not to adjourn
now pending the remarks of the Senator from
Michigan, who is himself quite disposed to go
on, to ihe end that we may take up this bill at
Some other time.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow
me a word, why may we not agree to meet to-
morrow night on this bill?
meet to-morrow night to settle this question,
which is a very important question, and time
is pressing us very hard.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think we had better do
that.
Mr. RICE. If we can have a general agree-
ment so as to cover the question of recess and
all, and settle to-night, by unanimous consent,
that we shall have a recess to-morrow from
half past four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock, and that the evening session be set
apart for_this bill, I see no objection to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that is the best
arrangement.
Mr. HOWARD. I will agree to that.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Before we agree to that,
let me make an inquiry. The Senator from
Michigan is on the floor and disposed to con-
tinue his remarks. Now, had not the friends
of this bill better allow his remarks to proceed,
he being himself willing ? This is the second
evening upon this bill. If we have an even-
ing session to-morrow night, and other matters
in this bill lead to as much debate, the Sen-
ator from Arkansas will lose his bill again to-
morrow night, and he will regret that lie did
not allow the discussion to proceed to-night.
If the Senator from Michigan himself made
the suggestion that he did not wish to con-
tinue his remarks of course I would not make
the suggestion that I am now doing; but as he
is disposed himself to complete his remarks,
why should he not be allowed to do so?
Mr. RICE. Suppose we have an agreement
made now that we shall have an evening ses-
sion to-morrow night, and let the Senator
from Michigan finish now or not, just as he
pleases, so that we may know to-night what we
are going to have for to-morrow, if this bill
goes over. The passing of the bill is the point at
issue, and although the Senator from Michigan
may finish his speech to-night, if we have no
time fixed as to when we shall vote or when
we shall take up the bill again we shall do very
little good toward getting the bill through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas suggests that by unanimous con-
sent there be an evening session to-morrow,
and that this bill be then considered. Is there
objection ?
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I will proceed.
Mr. WARNER. Allow me to suggest why
can we not agree to have a session on Friday
evening for the purpose of disposing of this
bill, if there is an objection to having one
to-morrow night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itbecomes
the duty of the Chair to state that by unani-
mous consent Fridayevening is devoted to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We had better rescind
that order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of that committee is not present.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the question
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan is on the floor upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
There is no other question before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. We had better proceed
with the regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will then proceed; that
will be the better way.
Mr. WARNER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will move that the order setting apart
Friday evening for the consideration of bills
reported from the Committee on Patents be
reconsidered. ['•No!" "No!"]
Mr. CONKLING. If you want to pass this
bill, you had better make the most of your
time now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan is on the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I will proceed. Mr. Presi-
dent, let us now go back a few months pre-
vious to the time General Fremont arrived in
France, (the latter part of June.) while Probst
was still there as the company's acknowledged
agent, when M. Paradis had all tiie bonds as
purchaser,'" for his own account a<vd profit,1"
and see what was the state of shings.
General Fremont left New York for France
in June, 1869, (id., page 49,} and reached
1 aris ill the latter part of that month, as he
says in his letter of March 25 to-the chairman ;
and he says m the communication alluded to,
'•My inquiries, made after I reached Paris, in
the month of J uly, satisfied me that these rep-
resentations. made by the purchasers from the
company and their brokers, grew out of a mis-
apprehension," &c. He remained in Paris
until late in the fall of 18G9, but to what exact
date does not appear. Only a few weeks,
however, before he left New York for Paris
the Mexsnger, a French newspaper published
in New York, stated that—
" If. i"1 known that the Inderal Congress lias granted
to a railroad.company, of which Mr. John C. Fre-
mont, is one ot the oiganiacrs,. the concession of a
route that will bi?icl the city of JM emphis, Xenfiessee,
to the Paso del Norte, on the ltio Grande, and the
coast of the Pacific, following the thirty-second par-
allel." ' •' "" "It is said tnat the new bonds
nre mor>ga?ed on a concession of lands made by the
United States lor the promotion of the enterprise;
but this is probably an error, for Congress has never
granted anythiug but the light of way to the com-
pany, without adding to it a grant of lands."
This statement, published in the New York
Messager, that Congress had actually granted
to the company the right of way, appeared in
New York while Mr. Fremont was there, and
some weeks before he sailed for France. As
it related directly to the Memphis-El Paso,
of which he was an officer, and whose mort-
gage bonds had already been sold in Paris by
Probst to Paradis, as is alleged by General
Fremont, it is no great stretch of imagination
to suppose that the general became cognizant
of the article before he left and of the false
statement it contained; for he is a master
of the French language. He starts, then, for
Paris, knowing this falsehood was in circula-
tion in New York, and knowing, furthermore,
that a notice had been issued in Paris, and, as
Mr. Washburne, our minister there, tells us,
in liis dispatch to the Secretary of State of
June 4, 1SU9, "placarded all over Paris," as
well as published in all the leading journals,
that the subscriptions for these Mempliis-El
Paso bonds were to be opened on the Paris
Bourse (Exchange) on the loth, 17th, and 18th
of May; for it would be absurd to suppose him
uninformed and ignorant of matters so vital to
his company.
Mr. FENTON. With the consent of the
Senator from Michigan, I desire to state that
the Senator from Delaware withdraws his
objection, with the understanding that, the
Senator from Michigan concludes his speech
to-night, and that we have a session to-morrow
night to proceed v^th the consideration of this
bill, and no other business.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the ses-
sion is to be for a special object , to finish the
consideration of this bill.
Mr. FENTON. That is it.
Mr. BAYARD. And not for general busi-
ness to-morrow night?
Mr. FENTON. The speech is to be finished
to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the proposition to be this: that,
to-morrow evening there shall be a session of
the Senate, and this bill shall be proceeded
with, and nothing else.
Mr. FENTON. And that nothing is to be
dono to-night except to hear the Senator from
Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that to be the suggestion. Is there
objection to it?
Mr. HOWARD. I am able to go on and
finish my remarks to-night, but it would be
inconvenient to many Senators, as I have no
doubt, and somewhat so to myself. I should
prefer to finish them to-morrow night, if there
be no objection.
Mr. BO REMAN. With the distinct under-
standing that no other business is to be trans-
