958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
after the document had reached the committee.
The error, however, was in manuscript; it was
not in print; it was not a typographical error.
It was an error in the original document as it
came from the Department to the House and
the committee. The responsibility, therefore,
for that error of $7,000,000, although very
early discovered, rests with the Post Office
Department and nowhere else.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
allow me to say that documents already pre-
sented to the House show that this error in the
figures was made in the Treasury Department.
As the estimates came from the Post Office
Department the figures were right; but the
Treasury Department read " eleven " instead
of " four' and in that way the error occurred.
Mr. WOOD. Sir, I accept the gentleman's
correctiou. The error occurred in the Treas-
ury Department—a Department which of all
others should be the most accurate; the Depart-
ment of figures; the Department which we rely
upon to give us accurate data upon which to
legislate. I accept the statement of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads that the error occurred in the
Treasury Department; and that fact, in my
judgment, only aggravates the wrong.
Let me say here that there has been as yet
no reply to the statement made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
there had been traced to the Post Office De-
partment other errors which, from their very
nature and character, could not have been
made by anybody except the Postmaster Gen-
eral. This statement, which has been made
by the chairman of the committee, stands as
yet uncontroverted, and, in my judgment, can-
not be controverted. But the Administration
defends itself by the allegation that it has only
made errors. Is it any defense for them to
admit that they have made blunders? Sir, it
is the first time within the history of our Gov-
ernment that the members of an Adminis-
tration have sought to defend themselves by
such an admission. I can only say that if
the Treasury Department, a Department so
peculiar in its character, a Department which
has great power, and upon which Congress in
its legislation depends so largely for correct
information with reference to the disburse-
ment of public money—if such a Department
is capable of making such gross errors as that
involved in the difference between $291,000,000
and $331,000,000, I can only say that it con-
victs itself of gross incapacity. By its own
admission it is utterly incompetent for the
discharge of the duties intrusted to it.
Another ground of defense is the allegation
that there were large unexpended balances to
the credit of the last Administration in its last
year that this has not. And to support this
statement a letter was read to the House from
the Secretary of the Treasury to prove to us
that there was on the 30th of June, 1868, an
unexpended balance of over one hundred and
fifty-six million dollars. He told us that we
must give the last year of the last Administra-
tion all the benefit of this unexpended balance
which did not appear in the appropriations nor
in the estimates transmitted by that Depart-
ment to Congress.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is a very remarkable
fact, nevertheless it is a fact, that of this un-
expended balance of $166,000,000, $104,633,-
201 is placed to the credit of the War Depart-
ment. But the gentleman from Massachusetts
did not tell no—and this is another evidence
of the special pleading, the insincerity, the
disingenuousness which characterizes some
gentlemen in their declarations in this House—
that all of this sum except about seven million
dollars was necessary to execute contracts for
expenditures properly chargeable to each De-
partment as specified; that although on the
30th of June, 1868, there was apparently this
amount on the books of the Treasury of unex-
pended balance, yet there were provisions of
which took nearly every dollar of it.
Therefore he was not candid. He did not
state the necessary, pregnant, pertinent fact to
show that there was no balance scarcely to the
credit of the last two years of the last Admin-
istration. For proof of this I refer to page
119, Executive Document No. 3, Fortieth Con-
gress, third session.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] told us at the same time that this
Administration has little or nothing to its credit
in the way of unexpended balances. Sir, there
were $68,322,803 37 of unexpended balance
on the 30th of June, 1869. I refer for evidence
of the fact to the same document, No. 3, For-
tieth Congress, third session, where it is shown
on page 87. The statement of estimated bal-
ances of existing appropriations which will be
unexpended June 30, 1869, in the aggregate
is there stated to be $68,322,803 37. The dec-
laration, therefore, that this Administration
had no unexpended balances of appropriations
when it came into existence is not true, and
when I say it is not true I refer the gentlemen
in the House to the official data to prove my
assertion.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his letter
referred to, points to the large sum of over
$104,000,000 to the credit of the War Depart-
ment. Admitting this, and that it was spent
by that Department under President Johnson,
who is responsible for those expenses? Who
has had the control of the War Department
from the commencement of the war down to
the present time? That side of the House
and their political friends. During the war
the expenses of that Department amounted to
thousands of millions of dollars expended by
the Republican party, and I am sorry to say
that a great deal of it was disbursed in the
interest of the Republican party. During the
whole of Andrew Johnson's administration
neither he nor the Democratic party had the
control of the War Department for three days
together.
The present President of the United States
was himself Secretary of War, and when not
himself Secretary of War by virtue of his posi-
tion as the General of the Army and our legis-
lation he had for a long while the control of
this vast expenditure. Sir, the gentleman from
Massachnsetts [Mr. Dawes] told us tha other
day the efforts made by him for the purpose of
obtaining information on these very subjects.
He told us that when his committee parceled
out among its members the daty of calling upon
the heads of the several Departments that among
the rest it fell to his lot to call upon several,
and that he also called on the President. He
stated to the House what occorred in that inter-
view, and we all heard how he was rebuked by
his colleague [Mr. Butler] for bringing that
sainted name into a vulgar debate in reference
to dollars and cents in this Hall. Since the
gentleman from Massachusetts made his state-
ment as chairman of the-Committee on Appro-
priations to this House in his unsophisticated
style, looking only to the interest of the Gov-
ernment and indifferent to any partisan effect
of his statement, he has been traduced by the
newspaper organ of the Administration in this
city and pursued and hunted down by his col-
league, [Mr. Butler,] as the attorney of the
Government, as well as by other gentlemen on
the other side of the House. It was probably
under the feelings excited by such aggravations
that he told of his interview with the President.
He was seeking knowledge under difficulties ;
and getting desperate by the unsatisfactory
replies of the heads of Departments, he went
to General Grant to get some explanation of
the enormous demands of his subordinates.
What did the President say? He said he was
not familiar with any of the Departments except
the War Department, and that he was satisfied,
I presume by investigation, the estimates of
appropriations required by the War Depart-
ment were not too much.
Why, sir, if the President is the economist
he is represented by his friends, why does he
not lop off some of the expenditures in the War
Department? Why does he not lop off some
of the expenditures in his own military family
at the White House ? Why not make an effort
to get rid of some of the brigadier generals he
has on duty there ? Never before in the his-
tory of this country have so many military offi-
cers been stationed at the White House. No
preceding President of the United States has
had so many military officers detailed for duty
there. President Lincoln, during the war, when
there was some excuse for having military men
at the White House, had one or two officers of
a low grade. President Grant has no less than
five brigadier generals stationed there who are
paid as officers of the Army—and this is a time
of peace—and this is an "economical Admin-
istration," and he is the head of thegreat party
of " retrenchment and reform."
I hold in my hand a statement in detail of
the expenses of the executive department
in 1862-63 under President Lincoln, showing
that the whole amount of salaries required
amounted at that time, including his own sal-
ary of $25,000 a year, to only a little over
thirty-one thousand dollars.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. WOOD. I have not the time to yield
to the gentleman. Now, in addition to the
clerks that the President has in his employ-
ment, he has Brigadier General Porter, Briga-
dier General Babcock, Brigadier General Dent,
and Brigadier General Badeau, each with about
four thousand dollars a year salary, including
perquisites. One of these, General Badeau,
was until a few weeks assistant secretary of
legation at London, drawing pay for both
offices, one in his civil capacity as assistant
secretary of legation to London and another
in his military capacity as brigadier general
of the United States Army, and now acting as
a secretary to the President. Whether he
has any additional perquisites for this duty I
do not know. Nor is this all. There is also
in attendance at the White House Brigadier
General Michler, the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, who devotes his whole time in at-
tendance on the President and his family. We
have thus five brigadier generals holding office
at the White House in a civil capacity, gen-
erals in the United States Army, paid as gen-
erals, one of them till recently assistant sec-
retary of legation, another Commissioner of
Publio Buildings, all drawing their pay with-
out performing any real duty except that of
delivering cards and dancing attendance on
gentlemen and ladies who have the honor to
visit the White House.
Now, sir, I say that this great economist,
this head of the present Administration which
came into existence upon the ground of econ-
omy and retrenchment and reform ; the head
of a party which abused everybody and every-
thing as corrupt and extravagant except them-
selves—I say that the head of an Administra-
tion coming into existence under these circum-
stances and with these pledges shonld set an
example to Congress and to the people by
introducing economy into his own office. Bat,
sir, he tells the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that the War Department can-
not reduce its expenses. "Oh, no; the other
Departments I am not familiar with, but I
have examined the estimates of the War De-
partment, and they are all right."
But why not familiar with the other Depart-
ments ? Does any man here recollect any pre-
vious President of the United States who had
been a whole year in office without becoming
familiar with the various Departments of the
Government ? Has he not sat twice a week
in cabinet session, where it is to be presumed
the head? of these Departments submit their
reports, which there undergo examination and
discussion and revision? Yet he tells us he
is not familiar with the Departments. He
does not know anything about his Government.
All he knows about is the War Department.
