1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2847
hay, the corn, the flour, the meats and ammuni-
tion, the clothing, almost all the heavy freights,
instead of going over the railroads and paying
heavy tolls, went over the Ohio canal and paid
no toll at all, so much so that you saved mil-
lions by it. You saved almost as much as the
value of the original grant of land in the four
years that the war lasted, by passing free of toll
over the canals of Ohio your troops and muni-
tions of war.
Now, how is it with this company? Will
the Government want to send troops and mu-
nitions of war over this road? The necessity
for that will be to defend the very road itself
against hostile Indians. That will be the rea-
son why troops and munitions of war must be
passed over the road. There is nobody else
out there to fight. We have no foe out there
that will require our troops or munitions of
war there—none but the Indiana ; and for the
very purpose of protecting this road, the prop-
erty of this company, you will have to send
troops and you will have to send munitions of
war over the road ; and now, as this bill is, the
Government is to pay, and to pay heavily, too, for
the transportation of its troops and the trans-
portation of its munitions of war sent over this
road to defend the road itself, to defend the
property of the company. The Government
builds the road, gives the road to a private cor-
poration, and then expends its money in trans-
porting troops and munitions of war to defend
this private property, and the corporation
charges for every pound of flour, every pound
of ammunition, every pound of beef, and every
pound of bread that every man who goes over
the road to defend the road eats.
Sir, I wish to see whether the Senate will
permit that. We give to this company, if this
bill passes, great privileges in addition to those
it had already possessed, great privileges in-
deed. We enable it to obtain much more land
than it would have obtained under the original
law ; we give it the right to make its main road
in a different place from that provided in the
original bill; we give it the right to make a
third road, in fact, west of the mountains, and
in addition to that we give it this enormous
privilege of mortgaging its road. Now, if these
additional privileges are conferred npon the
most privileged of all companies that have ever
been chartered by Congress, I ask, will the Sen-
ale refuse to require that this road shall trans-
port the troops and munitions of war used in
its own defense free of charge to the Govern-
ment?
Mr. HOWARD. In reply to the honorable
Senator 1 beg only to read the eleventh sec-
tion of the charter, which says:
"And be it further enacted. That said Northern Pa-
cific railroad, or any part thereof, shall be a post
route and a military road, subject to the use of the
United States for postal, military, naval, and all
other Government service, and also subject to such
regulations as Congress may impose restricting the
charges tor such Government transportation."
Is not that reasonable and sufficient?
Mr. THUR51AN. Is that enough? I say
that was not enough in the original bill. The
very passage read by the Senator shows that
the company is to have the right to charge. I
say that it ought never to be allowed to charge
anything for this Government service.
Mr. HOWARD. So has the Illinois Central,
and we paid that company five or eight million
dollars during the war for the transportation
of troops. So has the Union Pacific and the
California Pacific road. We are paying them
annually liberal charges for the transportation
of all sorts of military supplies and troops.
So with the Eastern Division, through Kansas,
and the same clause is in all our railroad chart-
ers I believe without exception, the Govern-
ment standing in no better relation in respect
to transportation than an individual stands,
with this exception, that Congress may regulate
the rate of charges on all these roads.
Mr. TflUllMAN. The logic of the Sena-
tor is this: that because those companies have
privileges they ought not to have therefore this
company should have a privilege that it ought
not to have—that two wrongs are a sufficient
argument in favor of the perpetration of an-
other wrong! The Illinois Central ought to
have been required, as much as the State of
Ohio was required, to transport the troops and
munitions ot war of the United States free of
charge. The grant to the Illinois Central was
far greater than the grant made to the State
of Ohio to aid in the construction of the Ohio
canal, than the grant made to the State of
Indiana to aid in the construction of her canal.
Far greater was the grant to the Illinois Cen-
tral, to say nothing about the grant to the
Union Pacific and the like; and because these
companies have this privilege, which they
ought not to have; because they have these
great gifts without consideration, is that any
reason in the world for perpetuating the same
kind of injustice to the Government?
Mr. HOWARD. Whether the law itself be
right or wrong, such is the law in respect to the
other railroads and I am unwilling to make
fish of one and flesh of another. ["Ques-
tion!" "Question!"]
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope those gentlemen
who interrupt the serious calm which ought
to prevail in this body by constant cries of
"Question " will restrain their juvenile ardor
sufficiently to listen to a reasonable discussion
of these questions as they arise.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will give way for a moment 
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; always to the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask that favor for the
purpose of moving an adjournment. ["No!"
"No!"] Thisisa grave qn estion, one which I
think the Senate can well reflect upon, and one
which I am sure the country has not thought
about. I at least would like to wait until to-
morrow before I give a vote on this question.
We are giving away now, as I understand,
about seventy millions of acres of land. It
becomes a matter of business. Let us go home
to-night and calculate how much this road will
cost to build. I have had something to do with
railroads in my day, and I should like to know
what sort of a bargain we are making in this
case.
We have an immense domain which belongs
to the whole Union, to every State in the Union,
to every individual in the Union, to every child
now born and to many who are not yet born.
That ought to be divided in some way for the
public good. To be sure, the making of this
railroad is going to do great service to that
undeveloped country ; and I have voted for all
the railroad bills that have been passed since
I have been in the Senate, and I am inclined
to do so still; but it seems to me that we are
going into this aflFairwithoutsufficientreflection.
We have one railroad now spanning the whole
continent; we have another one made more
than half way across; and we have one below
still further down going a great way. I look
upon this one nearer to our northern frontier
as the most important of all, and I believe that
the soil of the region which this road is going
to traverse will be the most productive and the
most valuable part of this continent. Millions
of people will find a living on that soil. It is
a region which will control perhaps the future
of this country; it is a domain too rich, too
fertile, and too great in its influences npon the
destinies of this country to be wasted in a
moment.
We were told when these gentlemen first
came here that they were going to build this
railroad without any compensation except that
which the Government by the charter agreed
to give them. They have come here frequently
since asking for supplements. They_ will go
on asking for supplements as long as time lasts
and until the railroad is finished, if you give
way to them. We have not reflected that
there are two parties to the bargain, and that
we are one side of the contract. Before we
throw away this great domain we onght to
reflect and take time to know whether it is
right-
Now, I am perfectly willing to gi^e these
men enough land to enable them to make their
road. I do not look upon them as patriots
coming here to save the country. They come
here to make money out of us, and the whole
thing is divided now among persons of influ-
ence over this country. I dare say everybody
that can command a vote here—not in the
Senate, but outside—has got some share of
the profit which is to be made out of this
grand grant. Think of it, seven million acres of
land to-day worth at least $70,000,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not that many cents.
Mr. CAMERON. A dollar an acre 
Mr. CHANDLER. It is not worth a cent
an acre.
Mr. CAMERON. So it was said of Michi-
gan, so it was said of Illinois years ago. I was
here when the Illinois bill passed, and I have
seen all of them. I believe one of the best
purposes to which you can give this land is to
make railroads, bring in people, induce settlers
to go there who will be valuable citizens and
become tax-payers. I believe in that process,
and I am willing to vote for a grant of a reason-
able number of acres to these parties, but I am
not willing without any reflection at all to give
them all they ask. We seem to have a belief
that they are doing us a favor; when I say
" us" I mean the country. They do not come
here for that purpose ; they come to speculate
upon the public domain; and after awhile,
when they have made their road and have made
their fortunes, they will not care a bit more
about the country than any other speculators.
What do this sort of people care whether this
country shall be prosperous or not prosperous
if they prosper themselves?
Now I move that we adjourn. Let us think
about it a little.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate adjourn, (at five o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.)
Mr. CAMERON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 33; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron. Cas-
serly, Cole, Davis. Fowler, Howell, McCreery, Sauls-
bury, Thurman, Warner, and Willey—13.
NAYrf—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Chandler,
CorbeH. Cragin, Edmunds. Fenton, Flanagan, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Howe,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer. Scott. Stew-
art. Sumner, Thayer, Williams, and Wilson—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard. Brownlow,
Carpenter,Cattell. Conk ling, Drake, Ferry, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Johnston, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Patterson. Pool, Pratt, Schurz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Sprague, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokera,
and Yates—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY proceeded to address the
Senate. Having spoken for fifteen minutes,
Mr. HOWELL. Will the Senator give way
for a motion to adjourn ?
Several Senators. No; no.
Mr. HOWELL. I have noticed that even
Opposition Senators,when they wished to make
a speech or wished to consider a subject that
did not involve railroads, were granted that
courtesy; and yet it is denied to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron, ] who wished
time to examine this subject. Now, I hold
that in all justice and honor and courtesy, and
I believe decency, the Senate might at this late
hour, after an all-night session, adjourn for the
purpose, if no other, of permitting the Senator
from Pennsylvania to look into this question a
little. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The question is on the motion that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY resumed his speech. Hav-
ing spoken for some minutes longer,
Mr. CAMERON. May I ask the Senator
from California to give way for a moment?
