1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 12,
These tables aggregate in round numbers the
enormous amount of one hundred and eighty-
six million acres of the public domain given,
as it was claimed, for the development of the
resources of the country west and southwest
of the Ohio line. That I may not be charged
with a misstatement of the number of acres
thusdonated, I append the recapitulation of the
Commissioner of the Land Office :
Recapitulation,
States.
Estimated num-
ber of acres
granted for
wagon road?.
1
Number of acres
certified and
patented under
; the grants.
!
Estimated num- ;
ber of acres
inuring under
the grants.
Illinois 
Mississippi...
Alabama 
Florida 
Louisiana..,,,
Arkansas 
Missouri., .
-
2,595,053.00
908,680.29
2.288.138.50
1,760,468.39
1.072.405.45
1,793,167.10
1,715,435.00
3.215.669.46
2.717.496.51
1,479,710.05
2,510,283.64
2,595,053.00
2,062,240.00
3,729,120.00
2,360,114.00
1,578,720.00
4,744,271.63
3,745,160.21
7.331.207.98
5.327.930.99
5,378,360.50
7,783,403.09
7,753,000.00
2,060,000.00
1,660,000.00
Michigan 
Wisconsin 
Minnesota....
Kansas 
California ....
Oregon  
-
Corporations.
Pacific 11. it.
Wagon roads.
Wisconsin 
Michigan 
Oregon 
250,000.00
1,718,013.2V
1,813,(300.00
22,056,507.39
101,801.48
103,505.7-1
19,153.73
58,108,581.40
124,000,000.00
3,782,213.27
Total 
-
22,393,968.34
185,890,794.67
JOS. S. AVTLSON,
Commissioner,
Department of the Interior,
General hand Ojficc, November 1,1809.
This aggregate shows a donation by the
Government of over two hundred and thirty-
two million dollars in the item of the public
domain alone. If to this is added the tens of
millions of bonded loan to the Pacific routes
the aggregate will be increased at least one
third. Now Jersey asks for the improvement
of her main water-courses but $500,000, against
an aggregate already granted toother sections
approximating to three hundred and thirty-two
million dollars. But, Mr. Speaker, I have
already trespassed too long upon the courtesy
of my colleague, although I should like to
make another observation or two.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Before the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. IIaicht] takes
his seat I would ask him if lie could overcome
his conscientious scruples against river and
harbor improvements by the General Govern-
ment if v/e would appropriate money to clean
out the New Jersey rivers?
Mr. IIAIGHT. J desire to obtain the aid
of Congress to improve the natural water-
courses of New Jersey, because it will develop
the agricultural and manufacturing interests
of the State. 1 suppose the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] is anxious
for the removal of the navy-yard from Brook-
lyn to New London for the benefit of the inter-
ests of his State. I have a like interest in the
improvement of the rivers of my State.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Then the gen-
tleman is much interested.
Mr. IIAIGHT. But, Mr. Speaker, I must
now relinquish the lloorto my colleague.
REGULATION OF COMMERCE BY CONGRESS.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, for years past an
effort has been made to persuade Congress to
engage in the work of incorporating railroad
companies. At this session the work has been
renewed. In addition to the labor of creating
corporations to build new roads it is insisted
that Congress has the power and should con-
trol the existing roads throughout the country.
1 believe these efforts have been made in Con-
gress more because it is supposed that existing
roads have taken advantage of the people's
necessity than of any clear legal right on the
part of this body to act in the premises. Judg-
ing from the remarks made from time to time
in this House, the different railroad companies
throughout the country have rather been a
curse than a blessing to the people. It is true
that this is an application for a charter to build
a new road, yet I have no doubt but many may
be disposed to vote for it more on account of
their hostility to other roads than of any real
necessity for this. Thus it often happens that
men arrive at the same conclusion and unite
in doing the same work from very different
motives. Therefore, I shall endeavor to look
at this question from different stand-points, in
the hope that the thoughts which fail to reach
the minds of some may possibly carry convic-
tion to others.
In the debate on the census bill the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] said he hoped
that Congress would next attack the great rail-
road monopolies of this country. At the same
time one or two other gentlemen joined in
expressing the same hope. Quite laborious
efforts have been made to demonstrate the
necessity, practicability, and legality of such
an attack.
Thegentlemanfromlndiana [Mr. Williams]
in the introductory part of his speech on this
subject said he spoke "for the laboring agri-
culturists of the great West," and " in antici-
pation of that great battle which ere long is to
be fought in this country between labor and
combined monopolies." And the same gentle-
man declares—
"That tho questionnow to comobcforo this country
is whether its toiling million?, as the tax-gatherer
pays his periodical visits, shall bo borno down with
oppression by theso moneyed monopolies and then-
earnings taken to lill the coffers of tho aristocracy."
These words sent a thrill of joy to my heart.
Hope for my country at once revived. I felt
that the thick clouds overhanging us would
soon begin to disperse. My strength was at
onco greatly renewed. I resolved to arise and
buckle on all my armor and join in the conflict.
In such an engagement I did not wish to be the
last to volunteer. What is the battle-cry?
" Freedom for tho toiling millions from oppres-
sion for the benefit of moneyed monopolies
and tho aristocracy." By this sign we conquer.
Victory will sooner or later be inscribed on
every such banner.
But let us not be deceived. Lot us fully
understand the nature of this contest now
inaugurated on tho part of the people on tho
one side and tho moneyed monopolies and
aristocracy on the other, so that our energies
may not be exhausted in vain, for the hosts on
the other side are most skillfully intrenched
and thoroughly disciplined, with trained cap-
tains in full sympathy to lead them. There
are not only wealthy railroad monopolies in
the land whoso power is felt, but there are
also powerful Government bond and banking
monopolies, whose influences are blighting and
deadening to all the great interests of the toil-
ing millions of our country. Nor are theso
the only strongholds of wrong and oppression.
There is another monopoly of gigantic propor-
tions, far-reaching and wide-spreading in its
effects—the great tariff monopoly, with its
monstrous head preeminent. Without reduc-
ing all these alike it were vain to gather up
our forces for the first encounter. Against the
unjust and unequal privileges enjoyed by theso
combinations of men the people are prepared
to move.
Although the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Williams] confined himself particularly to the
railroad monopolies of the country I cannot
hesitate to believe, notwithstanding his Repub-
lican associations, that he will join with the
toiling millions in all their efforts to break the
arm that unduly and unequally oppresses them.
If calm reasoning does not bring him to act in
harmony with the toiling millions East as well
as West, South as well as North, my confidence
in his sincerity will be somewhat shaken ; for
he will find in the end all these sympathizing
and laboring to the same end. My aim, there-
fore, shall be, in the first place, ':o satisfy all
who are interested that we will come far short
of doing our duty if we confine our attacks to
the great wealthy railroad monopolies. It may
be necessary, it may be practicable, and it may
be legal to attack these; but I am impressed
with the belief that other powerful and con-
trolling combinations stand just as much in
the way of the success of the toiling millions,
and that to attack them is quite as necessary,
practicable, and legal, and doubtless would
result infinitely more to the advantage of the
laboring classes in every section. Let us insist
that they enjoy no more privileges than, and
that they bear equal burdens with, the every-
day farmer and commonest laborer in the land.
Generally speaking, it is asserted that the great
railroad corporations have become wealthy,
powerful, and exacting monopolies, imposing
charges by way of freight and fare which are
injurious if not disastrous to all the interests
of the people, and forming combinations so
complete and far-reaching as to prevent any
effectual counteraction by way of competition
for relief. In addition to this serious charge,
one still more is that they corrupt and control
all the State Legislatures.
Admitting for the sake of the argument that
these statements and all these epithets are just
and true, I maintain that they are equally
applicable to other great associations and com-
binations of men which are not in the law
recognized as monopolists, nor even as cor-
porations, yet in truth are as emphatically so
as can be well imagined. Being governed by
ordinary rules of speech, it will not be denied
that whenever any class of men ask and obtain
a peculiar special privilege, a privilege which
the rest of the citizens do not enjoy and which
enables them to enjoy great profits at the ex-
pense of their neighbors, such class, whenever
and wherever found, without regard to position
or circumstance, may justly be called a com-
bination or a monopoly. And when they con-
tinue persistent in their demands, taking the
last crumb from the trencher of poverty and
never relaxing their grasp upon the public
purse, there is no mistake in pronouncing them
■'exacting," "exorbitant," and " extortion-
ate." Those who combine to demand exor-
bitant or usurious rates of interest, or to impose
high and extravagant protective tariffs which
exhaust and consume all the profits or surplus
of the farmer, the day-laborer, the mechanic,
and the artisan, whether they be organized
under the forms of law or not, deserve just as
much our condemnation as any other class.
What is a monopoly in the sense contem-
plated by those who have raised this question?
Not stopping to search for technical language
it would be within bounds to say that a monop-
oly is a combination of men upon whom the
law casts or bestows by its action or non-action
certain privileges, exemptions, or franchises
which the rest of the citizens are deprived of,
and which work positive detriment to all but
the favored ones. Now these are the persons
whom the watchful and outspoken legislators
from the West are beginning to execrate and
denounce. And may I not say with perfect
truth that these are the men whom the people
of this whole land are beginning to suspect
as standing in an attitude of direct, open, and
unmistakable hostility to their highest and best
interests, bringing their faces, worn with care
and toil, still nearer to the dust, increasing the
perplexities of daily life, robbing their homes
of the commonest comforts in order to increase
their own wealth, ease, and aggrandizement.
Am I wrong in saving that this deep-seated
aversion to monopolies is not confined to the
West? Perhaps in New Jersey, and in many
other States east of the Alleghany mountains
this genuine sentiment of Democracy has as
strong a hold, and has accomplished as much
as in any other section.
My earnest desire is that the cry of these
champions of human rights against combina-
