3794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
to examine the same; and if it shall appear that
twenty-five consecutive miles of said road and tele-
graph line have been completed in a good, substan-
tial, and workmanlike manner, as in all other re-
spects required by this act, the commissioners shall
so report to the President of the United States, and
patents of lands, as aforesaid, shall be issued to said
company, confirming to said company the right and
title to said lands situated opposite to and conterm-
inous with said completed section of said road: and
from time to time, whenever twenty-five additional
consecutive miles shall have been constructed, com-
pleted, and in readiness as aforesaid, and verified by
said commissioners to the President of the United
States, then patents shall be issued to said company
conveying the additional sections of land as afore-
said, and so on as fast as every twenty-five miles of
said road is completed as aforesaid."
Mr. HAWLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question right here?
Mr. WHEELER. If it does not take too
much time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I wish simply to ask a
question. I desire simply to ask the gentle-
man if all these lands will not be subject to
mortgage, as they are patented, and is not that
the object of this joint resolution?'
Mr. WHEELER. Unquestionably. The
company must use these lands to build the
roaa. It is for this purpose it asks this legis-
lation. They have nothing else with which to
build it but this land, and they must be allowed
to pledge it as security for the money with
■which to pay the expenses of construction;
and as these patents issue of course they will
be subject to the mortgage.
Mr. IIAWLEY. One word further. When
the road is completed, then all these lands will
be subject to mortgage?
Mr. WHEELER. They will, most unques
tionably. Now, we need npt be so very solicit
ous about the money-lenders of the world in
this matter. As I have already said, we need
not undertake to legislate brains into the heads
of these foreign money-lenders, for they under-
stand their own business. We havo all seen,
within a few days, that the Berlin Bourse has
taken action in regard to American railway
securities, and they have put the German peo-
ple on their guard in regard to them. The
money-lenders of the world will take care of
their own interests without any tender solici-
tude 011 our part.
Now I want to say a word as to the limit of
price which it is proposed to attach to the
lands covered by this grant. I regard it as
roost unjust; I regard it as unjust that this
joint resolution should bo selected upon which
to ingraft this precedent. This company has
no money subsidies such as Congress has given
to other Pacific railroads. It has simply these
lands. Such a course would be unjust to this
company for this reason : you allow people to
go in advance of the construction of this road
and select the ^choicest portions of land, to
take land immediately joining the track, no
matter iiow valuable it may be, at the price
of $2 SO an acre, when you know, or should
know, that there will be large tracts of the
country for which the road cannot get $2 50
per acre, or any other price.
Is there any dearth of public lands in this
country ? Is there any great necessity that we
should limit the price of these lands ? Do
gentlemen forget the alternate sections to the
amount of millions of acres along the line of
this very road? Do they forget that settlers
have access to these lands upon the payment
ot $2 50 per acre ? Do they forget the count-
less millions of acres of the public lands else-
where, which are now open to settlement at the
price of $2 50 per acre?
I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, what in my
judgment will be the effect of this proviso if it
be attached to this bill. It will be a power for
advantage in the hands of speculators, who, in
advance of the construction of the road, will
purchase sections of this land, and then when
there comes along a man with a few hundred
dollars who wishes to make his permanent
home there, he will have to pay these men iheir
price for' the land. Then the men who have
organized this plan will move on in advance
of the building of the roadand will repeat the
process.
I hope the House, when it comes to vote on
these amendments, will vote them all down.
That is the desire of the friends of this bill,
that it shall be promptly passed, in order that
the company may send abroad its financial and
its immigration agents. Thg Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, upon careful reconsideration,
have found no occasion to change their former
recommendation. There is one thing, gentle-
men of the House of Representatives, that is
settled in this country, and that is that this
Northern Pacific railroad and the Southern
Pacific railroad are to be built, and it is a
question of time only. And, sir, I support
the Southern Pacific railroad as earnestly and
cordially as the Northern Pacific railroad.
Common equity demands that we give to the
two and a half million people already upon
the line of this northern road an outlet to the
Pacific ocean on their own parallel of latitude.
Common equity likewise demands that we give
to the people of the southern States and Ter-
ritories equal railroad facilities.
This Government has already given to the
railroads of this country $65,000,000, to say
nothing of the countless millions of acres of
land donated to them. The people of the
North as also those of the South are now bear-
ing, as they must continue to bear, the taxa-
tion necessary to meet for a time at least the
interest of this donation of $65,000,000. This
company asks no money. It asks simply that
by this joint resolution you will put them in
a position to make their grant available, to
utilize it. With this measure of assistance they
will go on to the completion of this grand enter-
prise. I repeat my expression of the hope
that when the House comes to vote upon these
amendments it will vote them all down, leav-
ing the bill in the form in which it came from
the Senate and in which it has been reported
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
I now yield fifteen minutes to the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
Mr. FITCH. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to have
five minutes.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot yield five minutes
out of my short time.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I was
not here when this bill was up the other day,
and had not the benefit of the discussion which
then took place. But the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] to-day
called my attention especially to the terms of
this resolution. He said they were ohscure;
and on examination I find them to be so.
Indeed, on reading the resolution, I was at a
loss to know what was its effect. I went over
to my colleague on the other side to get in-
formation in regard to it. If I now understand
the resolution, it is simply a proposition to
authorize the construction of a new railroad,
a railroad from Portland, Oregon, to Puget
sound, a distance of about one hundred and
fifty miles. The only other thing in this res-
olution is an addition of ten miles of public
lands, where there is a deficiency. Those ap-
pear to be the two changes in the original act
of incorporation.
By the original charter of this company
Puget sound and Portland are made the termini
ol the road and its branch. By this resolution
Portland is dropped out of sight, and they are
to build their branch road by the valley of the
Columbia river, and the tract between Port-
land and Puget sound iatho ground to be cov-
ered by this new road. One of my colleagues
gave me a map which will show how the mat-
ter stands. This [indicating it on the map] is
the main line to Puget sound : this, the branch
to Portland.
By the resolution the main line is made the
branch, and that which in the original charter
is called the branch is made the main line.
Portland as a terminus is ignored in the res-
olution, and the branch that goes down the
Columbia river is extended to Puget sound.
A new road is thus established between Port-
land arid Puget sound. It is said the company
have already authority to build a road between
these points. If so, they do not need this res-
olution. If they have not such authority, it
ought not to be conferred in the obscure and
stealthy terms of the resolution.
To effect this object, and to secure ten miles
more of lands to compensate for sections al-
ready entered by settlers, seem to be the two
objects of the proposed legislation. I cannot
approve of either of these objects. They are
unnecessary, if not mischievous. The original
law propQsed distinct and intelligible termini
for the road, and conceded lands enough to
build it and to enrich the corporators. They
ought to be content with what they have got.
It is enough, in all conscience. I do not object
tp reasonable donations of the public domain
for railroad purposes. With proper limita-
tions, it is the best use we can make of our
lands. Settlers will notgo before therailroads,
but will comeafterthem. Railroads carry pop-
ulation and civilization into the waste places of
our country. They are the great civilizing
power of our age. They will add more value
to the lands the Government retains than the
lands are worth which the Government parts
with. The bill incorporating this company was
founded on these ideas, and affords ample mo-
tives for building the road. I would let it be
built under that bill, and would check this
new grab.
If there be physical difficulties in the way
of starting the branch three hundred miles east
of Portland, letit be started further east, where
similar obstructions would not exist. To such
a modification I would have no objection. Bat
if, under cover of a branch, the real design is
to get a second road, it is not worthy to suc-
ceed. Some of the amendments proposed com-
mend themselves to my understanding. I like
especially the limitation of the price of the
lands to actual settlers at $2 50 per acre. It
will enable the company to build and equip
their road with a good margin for profits, while
it.will prevent them from speculating upon
actual settlers. I shall vote for that amend-
ment, and if adopted I may overcome my other
objections and vote for the resolution; but
if that amendment fails you must count me
against the resolution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PITCH. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Coxneii.]
Mr. CONNER. When this joint resolution
was originally reported from the committee,
and an effort made to force it through the
House under the previous question, I opposed
its passage at that time, and advocated and
voted for its recommittal to the committee in
order that the amendments might be suggested
and considered, and debate had upon the
question. The amendments which were offered
have been considered by the committee. The
bill is again reported to the House, free dis-
cussion has been had, and with all the light
which has been thrown upon the question, I
am constrained to believe that the great mass
of the people of the country, and especially
those ot the Pacific coast, will be benefited
by the building of this line, if the stockholders
of the Union Pacific are not.
I he passage of this bill will establish a pre-
cedent which I trust will lead to the early con-
struction of a southern road to the Pacific.
God Almighty has traced with an unerring
hand the path over which he designed the
future commerce of this continent to pass.
1 hat line runs through the State of Texas, and
had it not have been for the late unhappy and
unfortunate civil war, a southern Pacific road
would have long since been built, and the
country contiguous to it, the mostfertile under ,
God's blue canopy, would have been to-day
teeming with civilization, and her valleys yield's
