1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
dry citizens of Hawley, Wayne county, Penn-
sylvania, for abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. YAN TRUMP: The petition of S.
C. Kreider and 88 others, citizens of South
Perry, Hocking county, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of S. G. Lutz and 43
others, citizens of lellow Bird, Ohio, on the ;
same subject. . .
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Philip
Houser and 33 others, citizens of McKay, !
Ashland county, Ohio, asking the abolition of !
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John Merriman and 41
others, citizens of Apple Creek, Wayne county, '
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of George M. Eeed and 61
others, citizens of Albion, Ashland county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Wil-
liam F. Kellogg and others, of Hortonville,
Vermont, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Herman C. Damon and
others, of Ripton, Vermont, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Lucy A. Smith.
Also, the petition of E. W. Bingham and
others, of West Cornwall, Vermont, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of Simon
Wolfe and 25 others, citizens of Byron and
vicinity, iti Greene county, Ohio, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citizens
of Hallisterville, Wayne county, Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hazelton, Lu-
zerne county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privileg •
Also, petitionsof citizens of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolitiou of the franking
privilege.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 2, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of sixteen soldiers of the war of 1812,
between the ages of seventy-five and eighty-one
years, praying that a pension may be allowed
to the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812,
and also to the widows of such as are deceased ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
also been requested to present resolutions of
the Sixth Ward Irish Republican Club of this
city, stating that six hundred of the mechanics
who will be thrown out of employment in the
navy-yard on Monday next are honorably dis-
charged soldiers having families dependent on
them, and appealing to Congress to continue
the work at the navy-yard by appropriate legis-
lation. These resolutions will be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Z.
C. Robbins, late register of wills for the county
of Washington and District of Columbia, pray-
ing for relief; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a memorial of citi-
zens resident at Bamee Forge, Pennsylvania,
and its_ vicinity, remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by persons
interested in foreign trade, and praying for
such a reduction of the duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, and other articles of tropical
countries as the necessities of the revenue will
admit; and also for such readjustment of duty
on articles produced in this country as will
prevent frauds on the custom-house, maintain
home industry, and sustain the wages of the
American mechanic and the market of the
American farmer. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of Vermont, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of the State of New York, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of one hundred
and fifty-five veterans of the war of 1812 and
others, citizens of Monroe county, New York,
praying that a pension may be allowed the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and also
to the widows of such as are deceased ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Tonawanda, New York, praying for an appro-
priation of $10,000 to improve the harbor at
that port; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of sundry
officers and employes of the Government in
the Treasury Department, praying that such
legislation may be had as will give them access
to the Congressional Library; which was re-
ferred to the joint Committee on the Library.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
| Wisconsin, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kansas, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of West Virginia, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia,Pennsylvania, praying that a pen-
sion may be allowed to the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812, and also to the widows of
such as are deceased; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to present another
of the ubiquitous petitions in favor of the abo-
lition of the franking privilege. I beg leave to
express my hope, however, that the postmas-
ters who are executing with so much fidelity
this order of their master will be as faithful in
the discharge of their duties as postmasters.
I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON presented additional pa-
pers in relation to the claim of H. R. de La
Reintrie; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Maryland, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that a pension may be allowed to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812, and also to the
widows of such as are deceased; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Missouri, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege: which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that a
pension may be allowed to the surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and also to the widows
of such as are deceased ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
He on the table.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Arthur C. Cummings, of Virginia; John A.
Wharton and Lauriston A. Sale, of Bedford
county, Virginia; Samuel W. Aston and A.
W. Smith, of Russell county, Virginia, praying
for the removal of their political disabilities :
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FERRY. I present the petition of
Francis T. W illis, of Richmond, Virginia, ask-
ing that in any grant of land to the Selma,
Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company the rights
ofthe mortgagees ofthe Alabama and Tennessee
River Railroad Company may be taken into
consideration. That is the substance of the
petition. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that a pension may be allowed to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812, and also lo the
widows of such as are deceased; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
■ tion of citizens of Maine, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of cit-
izens of Louisiana, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of
James L. Delaplain and others, of Centre-
ville, Delaware, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; and likewise the petition
of Samuel Guthrie, of New Castle, and others,
also praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege; and I will remark that this last
petition is the only one which I have received
on this subject on which the postage has been
paid. I move that they lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN presented resolutions of
the Board of Trade of Cleveland, Ohio, in
favor of authorizing the Secretary of War to
provide for taking meteorological observations
in the interior, and transmitting the result
thereof to the lake and Atlantic ports, and
that all materials for ship-building be admit-
ted free of duty; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition of citizens
of Virginia, praying the removal of the polit-
j ical disabilities imposed on James R. Fisher, of
I that State; which was referred to the select
j Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
| abilities.
He also presented the petitions of K. 1.
1 Daniel, Edward D. Christian, James Mur-
daugh, James R. Fisher, William Jeter, John
i R. Edmunds, Andrew Damron, Lorman Chau-
! cellor, Alexander H. Hi Stuart, W. W. Dab-
ney, and Peyton Johnston, sen., aU of Virginia,
• praying the removal of their political disabiu-
1 ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties. , , . . .
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions ot
Richard H. Coliman, Richard Parker, and Ira
Garnett, of Virginia, prayingfor the removal of
