1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3795
ing their stores of national wealth, the natural
products of the soil.
I trust that our friends of the North and
West who are advocating this bill will take a
broad and liberal view of this question, and
give us at an early day a road through Texas
to the Pacific, a road demanded by every prin-
ciple of right and justice, as well as the necessi-
ties of the commercial interests of the country.
Mr. PITCH. Mr. Speaker, how much time
have I remaining?
The SPEAKJWli. Twelve minutes.
Mr. FITCH. As I have but twelve minutes in
which to discuss a subject which would require
a speech of two hours, I request that 1 may not
be interrupted.
Mr. Speaker, I think it is now well under-
stood that a majority of this House, and a large
majority, favois legislation in aid of the con-
struction ofa railroad from Lake Superior to
the Pacific ocean. What we have before us is a
question in reference to the manner and detail
of the assistance we will give rather than the
question of the assistance itself. To those gen-
tlemen who are opposed to all grants to rail-
roads whatever I have nothing to say. But to
those who claim to be in favor of a northern
transcontinental road, and who yet insist on
certain amendments, which are presented here,
I desire that they will honor me with their atten-
tion while I address to them a few words.
In the first place, I respectfully call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the fact, that, in view of
the present condition of the public business,
of the difficulties that may be interposed by
the rules of the Senate and of the great pres-
sure of other business on the time of the House
and the time of the Senate, there is a danger
that if a number of amendments are made,
though mostly verbal amendments, and the
joint resolution goes back to the Senate for
further debate, it will go to its grave for this
session, and perhaps for this Congress. I say
that this is a matter which the fnends, not of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, but
of the Northern Pacific railroad route should
consider. And I ask gentlemen if they are
willing to delay the construction of this great
road for a year or two in order to procure
the passage of amendments to the resolution,
amendments which are already contained in
the provisions of the original act or in this
resolution itself.
One of these amendments presented here
gives the right to Congress to obtain informa-
tion, and the right to regulate fares and freight
on the road, when that power'is already given
in the broadest and amplest form in the original
act, which declares that Congress may at any
time alter, amend, or repeal the act. And
why make the restrictions with regard to the
public lands of the United States unless this
Pacific railroad company shall first acquires
title to those lands by the construction of its
road, when the original act does not grant, and
this joint resolution does not give either title
or possession to a single acre of the public
lands to the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, unless and until the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company shall earn such title and
possession by constructing its road?
Gentlemen talk about giving away the pub-
lie domain, about giving the right to capital-
ists of Europe to mortgage the public domain.
We do not give anything of the kind. We give
,no new right whatever. We simply give the
company the power to utilize the rights which
ourpiedecessors conferred. We give the com-
pany the right to mortgage—what? Not the
lands, but its franchise; its inchoate right to
receive lands after it shall have built the road ;
its equitable interest in a property which is to
be created first by the performance of certain
precedent conditions on the part of the com-
pany. Now, what is the objection to this? The
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
speaks about mortgaging the public domain.
If the road is constructed we give the lands,
and what is the difference whether the lands
fall into the hands -of the company or of its
first mortgage holders? If the road is not
built we give no lands. The United States
remain the holders of this wilderness.
As to this §2 50 clause which is proposed,
why should we insist on the price not exceed-
ing §2 50 per aero ? The original act provides
that all lands remaining unsold after five years
shall be disposed of to actual settlers at $1 25
an acre; but the original act is not trammeled
with any such restriction as is here proposed
to be imposed. Our predecessors in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress gave a great grant for a great
purpose. Now, shall we take advantage of
the necessities of the company, which now
asks some legislation to enable it to utilize
that great grant and build its road, and place
upon the original grant conditions on which
our predecessors did not insist, either with
respect to this road or to the other great grants
of land and money given to the Union and
Central Pacific railroads, the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad, and the various local roads
all through the States? I will tell gentlemen
liow this provision would destroy the grant.
If there were only two or three hundred
miles of road to build between centers of pop-
ulation and through an already populous and
settled country the company might be able to
procure money with which to construct the
road, even with this provision ; but this road
is over two thousand miles in length ; it will
pass through a country that is practically unin-
habited ; its termini contain together not one
tenth of the population of this city. It will
cost over one hundred million dollars to con-
struct the road. The money cannot be ob-
tained in Boston, New York, or Philadelphia.
The directors of the Northern Pacific railroad
would be compelled to go to Europe to nego-
tiate their first mortgage bonds, and when they
get there they will find, with this provision,
that the value of those bonds, secured by the
land giant as security for the money, will be
diminished in exactly the proportion that the
sum of $2 f>0 bears to the German or French
or British idea of the value of an acre of land.
To day in the money market of Europe there
are South American and Mexican and Asian
and some western United States railroad enter-
prices seeking money and seeking loans upon
the basis of land grants where the price of the
lands is not, restricted. If you tie the hands
and close the mouths of those who manage the
affairs of the Northern Pacific railroad, how
can you expect them to successfully compete
with their rivals? If we give these lands be-
cause we desire to help build this road, be-
cause this road cannot be built without this
help, why thus restrict and impair, if not destroy,
the value of your grant? Is it for the benefit
of the settlers? Sir, the settlers will not build
the road or help to build it, and if you have no
road you will have no settlers.
The settler to-day can take any acre of the
" vast domain" of which gentlemen speak, or
any other of twenty similar domains between
that and the Mexican boundary, for §1 25 an
acre, and he can take it without price if he
desires to settle on it as a homestead. After
the road is located—yea, after the road has
been built, and for an indefinite time in the
future, the settler can cither locate his home-
stead without cost, or buy land at $2 50 an
acre on one half of all this " vast domain"
of which gentlemen speak. There will be
enough lands left within the limits of this very
railroad grant to furnish homestead tracts to
five hundred thousand families. There island
enough to-day between the Mississippi river
and the Pacific ocean to furnish eighty-acre
tracts to ten million people.
But, sir, even if this company should be able
to obtain the money nece&sary to construct their
road, 1 ask why, in the name of common jus-
tice, shall this provision be inserted? Why
shall the stockholders be required to surren-
der at a small price property created by their
energy, their capital, and their skill even to
actual settlers? Sir, I tell you, following out
the idea suggested by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Blair,] that the actual settlers who
will be advantaged by the $2 50 clause will not
help to construct the road; they will not form
part of the great army of occupation ; but they
will follow in its wake and select the choice
lands, the timber lots, and the lands for town
sites all along the line of the road. I say that
you give enough to these gentlemen. 1,would
prefer that the men whose money, whose enter-
prise, whose labor, whose skill will construct
this great work should receive the advantage
of the property which will be created by their
efforts, rather than that it should go to those
who will bring to the enterprise neither the
confidence of the capitalist nor the enterprise
of the pioneer, but only the shrewd cunning
of the small speculator.
I say let the pioneer have all the credit that
is due him. Let all honor be given the pioneer
whose footprintsareso often tinged with blood,
whose way is beset with difficulties and trials.
But he passes on, and his footprints are filled
up with the shining sand ere those follow him
who have been waiting for him to precede them.
I say that all credit should be granted to the
man who faces trials and disease, who faces
the savage and the wild beasts of the wilder-
ness, who commences the task of redeeming
the wastes of this country for the uses of future
civilization. But the actual settler who will
follow and not precede the railroad is not a
pioneer in the true sense of the word. We give
enough to him when we give him a right to
settle on one half of this domain.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman in charge of this
jointresoiution [Mr. Wheeler] has consented
to yield to mo.
Mr. WHEELER. How much time does my
colleague want?
Mr. COX. Only about five minutes.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman said,when
he spoke to me a little while ago, that he wanted
two or three minutes.
Mr. COX. Well, let me have three minutes.
Air. WHEELER. I would be glad to give
the gentleman all the time he wants, but I can-
not do so. I will yield to him for three minutes.
Mr. COX. In the very hurried and frag-
mentary remarks which 1 made a few minutes
ago 1 did not express myself on this matter
to my own satisfaction. I hope that every Dem-
ocrat, in the year 1872 at least, will conform
to the platform on this subject which may be
made at that time.
Sir, I shall vote, as I voted in 1857 and 1858,
against all the land grants. In my hurried
remarks a few moments ago I said that I de-
sired to distinguish between those who oppose
this joint resolution on principle and those
who oppose it from merely selfish motives. I
have fought these land-grant bills against gen-
tlemen who now, for some reason, are oppos-
ing this joint resolution. I have no sympathy
for any of these schemes, and therefore I
speak so frankly. I have seen members whose
constituents have been gorged with plunder
out of this system of land grants opposing this
scheme. With the pockets of their constitu-
ents gorged tliey now oppose any competition
with their own peculiar roads, which have been
built with the money and lands of the whole
people.
And next to the selfish aggrandizement
which has sprung from the money of the peo-
ple and the franchises granted by Congress—
always granted against my vote, 1 believe—is
the selfish, monopolizing, grasping spirit of the
Kansas and Pacific people represented here,
who are opposing the passage of this new joint
resolution. My remarks a few moments ago
were intended to show the utter jobbery ot ali
such legislation aud of all such bills.
Now let me say that the workingmen oftlns
country, without regard to politics, without
regard to Republicanism or Democracy, have
bworn their anathema marctnaiha against any
