4t40
the congressional globe.
June 23,
Mr._ WARD. My colleague was right when
he said this bill was never discussed in the
House.
Mr. JUDD. When gentlemen on this floor
undertake to convey the impression that they
are taken by surprise by this proposition they
contradict the records of this House and the
recollection of every member who has given
any attention to the business of the House.
The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] as
a member of the Census Committee, had pro-
pared some propositions for a new apportion-
ment. When that bill was under considera-
tion I presented amendments to three of the
sections, the effect of which would have been,
if adopted, to have made a new apportion-
ment of representation in the Congress the
term of which was to commence on the 4th
of March, 1871—the Forty-Second Congress.
These amendments were discussed at consid-
erable length. I also prepared an independent
measure for the same purpose, had it referred
to the Committee of the Whole, entered a mo-
tion to reconsider, and upon that motion a full
debate was had. My friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paixe] also introduced a bill, in. its main
features the one now before us, and this was
discussed. And now, Mr. Speaker, is it pos-
sible that among all this noise and talk my
friends from New York [Mr. Laflin and Mr.
Ward] were asleep, or so much occupied that
they took no notice of what was passing? No,
Mr. Speaker; they cannot be so much sur-
prised at the measure as at the probability of
its passage.
I say, then, to the gentlemen who are so
much surprised, can we possibly frame any
measure for equalizing representation, which
will not surprise you ? If we cannot suit you—
and you do not intend to vote for a measure
in any form which will equalize representa-
tion—then will you not allow us to frame such
a bill as we chOose, such a bill as we think
can be carried successfully through Congress?
It is all very well for gentlemen to appeal to
me, and to the gentlemen acting with mc,
"Oh! don't do us wrong." We turn round
on them, and say, "Then correct the wrong
you are doing toward us; join with us in
framing a bill that will satisfy the necessities
ofboth." "Oh, no!" theysay, "we cannot
do that." Now, I cannot see any reason in an
appeal for protection by gentlemen who will
not aid in perfecting a bill. If justice is asked
for, let us have it all round. As to this par-
ticular bill not having been discussed, I re-
ply, the question has been fully debated; and
there is not a man on this floor who has not
known, from the first day of the session, that
this question of equalization of representation
was to be presented and pressed, Why, then,
should the opponents of the bill say that they
have been taken by surprise ?
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me j
to ask him a question
Mr. JUDD. I decline to bo interrupted.
Mr. WARD. 1 merely desired to know when
this bill was discussed?
Mr. JUDD. I say the principle of this bill
was discussed at the times to which 1 have
referred, when the census bill was pending, on
motions which were made to amend that bill,
and also on the several independent bills. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
who sits at the side of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ward,] very ably argued in oppo-
sition to the proposed measures, and the discus-
sion was taken part in by various other gentle-
men on this floor. This bill contains nothing
but what was substantially contained in the
amendments which were before the House at
that time. A change in the detail has been
made by the Senate, but no principle changed.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. JUDD. I cannot yield for questions,
as my time i3 limited. I have listened atten-
tively to the remarks which have been made
in this debate by gentlemen who are opposed
to the bill; and I do not desire to class my col-
league [Mr. Marshall] among them, in offer-
ing bis amendment, because I do not believe
that he offered it for the purpose of killing the
bill. In good faith I think his amendment has
been offered,^ but I cannot but think this an
inopportune time and occasion for experiment-
ing with so grand a principle, as my colleague
[Mr. Marshall] calls it, that of minority rep-
resentation. I do not think a discussion of
that is called for now only so far as it affects
the rneasure under consideration. We are pro-
posing a temporary measure to continue and
be in force for one Congress only; nothing
more, nothing less. In carrying out this, two
systems of representation are adopted, one
from districts, as now existing, and the other,
as to any increased representation which the
census returns may show States entitled to by
election at large or by general ticket. It is a
mixed system, the necessity for which grows
out of the fact that the census returns will not
be made in season to enable us at this session
to apportion for the Forty-Second Congress,
and to he replaced by a new districting or
assignment of Representatives when the next
Congress meets, cither by a system entirely of
district representation, or entirely of election
at large. We are trying, as I have said, to
remedy a wrong which exists, and which can-
not be remedied until 1872, unless some meas-
ure of this kind passes.
My colleague [Mr. Marshall] has presented
a very plausible, but, as I think, a very dan-
gerous proposition. My objection to havingit
applied to the present measure is that it would
be applicable to some of the States while it
would not reach others, and thus bo partial in
its operation. It is not a sufficient answer
to this to say it is good so far as it goes, be-
cause we are seeking now to equalize without
the power practically to carry out the principle
of minority representation in all the States
according to the provisions of this bill, as it
would only reach a portion of the representation
of some of the Slates, and will not have prac-
tical operation throughout the United States.
Any enactment of this kind must be general,
and the circumstances must so exist that there
can be uniformity in its operation.
But, Mr. Speaker, this country of ours is a
country governed by majorities, and each voter
is represented, although the man of his choice
may not be clectcd. The theories of profess-
ors at Oxford or Harvard may bo charming and
well-reasoned, but when applied to practice by
mere forcc of action they fail of accomplishing
the results anticipated. °
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflix]
is mistaken in his statement when ho tells us
that the principle of minority representation, as
set forth in the amendment under consideration,
is in the constitution of the State of New York.
1'he right of the voter at the judicial election is
restricted, while the amendment of my colleague
extends and multiplies that right. Assuming
that the State of Illinois will be entitled to an
increased representation of four members, the
amendment offered by my colleague [Mr. Mar-
shall] will allow each voter to cast four votes
for one candidate. The only restriction upon
the right ol voting—and if I am incorrect I ask
the gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Cox] to
correct nie—the only restriction upon voting is
in the judicial elections, and in those each voter
is prohibited from voting for all the candidates,
and leaving the minority thus to share in rep-
resentation upon the bench. Am I richt ?
Mr. COX assented.
Mr. J UDD. I am right on that point. That
is the difference between the cases. When the
gentleman tells me that this principle has been
put in practice in New York, and found to
operate equitably, Ireply that this principle is
not in practice in New \ork, because my col-
league's amendment,—and if I am wrong he
will correct rae—instead of allowing the voter
to vote for four out of five candidates, allows
a voter to east five solid votes for, one can-
didate. Such a proposition strikes me as open-
ing the doof to combination and intrigue, the
practical result of which would be reaped-by
the worst part of the community.
I do no't propose, Mr. Speaker, to discuss
this question, and am only making a sugges-
tion for my friend to think of. As an illustra-
tion how easily all these fine theories can be
beat in practice; I desire to give a little illus-
tration of practice as against theories. Some
years since the good people of a good county
in New York thought they would raise the
judiciary above party politics. They had two
judges of one of their courts to elect, so they
procured aiaw that.no voter should vote for more
than one of the judges, and minority represent-
ation was to have lair play. In practice, the
political organizer counted the number of votes
and then made such a division that the party
in the ascendency should have both judges,
although no voter voted for more than one
person. It was practice against theory ; and
Republican practice, at that. Mr. Speaker, I
shall not name the county, because it might
seem invidious. The Democrats have never
elected a judge.
Mr. BURR. Does my colleague recognize
the fact that this principle is incorporated in
our new State constitution?
Mr. JUDD. 1 will come to that in a mo-
ment.
Mr. COX. I beg to s^ate to the gentle-
man 
Mr. JUDD.
man.
Mr. COX.
to me.
Mr. JUDD.
I cannot yield to the gentle-
The gentleman made an appeal
I cannot be interrupted unless
I was mistaken in my statement of the law of
New York. I do not want any explanations.
If 1 am mistaken as to any point of fact or law
1 will submit to an interruption.
My colleague [Mr. Bubr] tells me that this
principle has been adopted in the new consti-
tution of our State.
Mr. BURR. It is to be submitted to the
people.
^ Mr. JUDD. Ah! submitted to the people.
That is very different. In the new constitu-
tion, now under discussion, the form of minority
representation as practiced in New York has
been adopted in certain judicial elections; in
my own county, for instance, there being three
judges to be chosen, no' voter can vote for
more than two, leaving one to the minority;
but they did not provide that any one voter
should cast three votes for one man, as is the
effect of the provisions under consideration.
There is no instance in which the principle of
my colleague's amendment has been attempted
to be enforced, so far as I know.
I will ask my colleague if in his district the
minority has any representation? The major-
ity must rule, and we must take the risk of
being on the strongest side; but if a majority
ol the neighbors, as honest as ourselves, dis-
agree with us wo will be represented, but not
by our own men or one of our party.
He speaks ot' tiie Democracy acting upon
this question. Why, Mr. Speaker, in the eaily
history of this Government many States elected
then entire delegation in this House by the
Slate at large. Congress intervened and di
leeted district representation. More than one
o. the southern States rebelled against that,
and sent their delegations hero elected by the
State at large as before.
Congress has exercised unlimited power as
to the mode ot choosing members. I have a
colleague on this floor who is elected by the
State at large, which election was provided for
by special act of Congress after the districts
ol the State had been established. The power
ot Congress is clear and complete; the right
and justice of applying this principle of equal-
ization, it seems to me, ought not for one
moment fo he disputed upon this floor.
bmce the last apportionment was made you
nave by constitutional amendment and laws
