1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Congress authorized to do? I answer: to reg-
ulate commerce, to arrange or adjust the com-
merce of this country, according to some rule
or standard, with foreign nations and among
the several States. There was existing at the
adoption of the Constitution a commerce of
freat value to a young and growing people,
'ower was given to Congress to regulate that
commerce. Cities had sprung up along the
Atlantic coast, all of whieh had been for years
and then were engaged in commercial inter-
course with each other, as well as with the
cities of the Old World. Power was given to
Congress to regulate that intercourse, to pre-
scribe the rule by which it should be carried
on, to declare on what terms vessels should be
allowed to enter at or depart from the various
ports of the country, and also upon what con-
ditions articles from foreign lands should be
imported. It was the commerce that then
existed and that might thereafter exist, the
commerce that the wit and enterprise of indi-
viduals had established and might thereafter
establish, that was to be regulated by estab-
lishing uniform and consistent rules. Con-
gress was invested with power to establish or
fix a rule regulating commerce, but not with
power to establish commerce.
The word "regulate" had a precise and defi-
nite meaning in the minds of the framers of the
Constitution. This word was not used in this
connection by chance. They had not grown
old in political life, had not been rocked upon
as stormy and desperate a sea as any statesmen
have witnessed, without learning the force of
words and phrases, and how and when to use
them. To insist that they intended by the use
of the word chosen anything more than to regu-
late is to charge them with both ignorance and
duplicity. Clearly if anything else in human
aifairs is to be understood from this grant of
power everything is ; nothing possibly in the
way of trade or traffic is exempt; nothing done
among men living in different States can under
such an interpretation escape this grasp of the
controlling congressional claw.
The power contended for on the other side
places the whole subject-matter in the hands
of Congress without the slightest limitation.
Should not this consideration lead us to great
caution? If Congress has all this authority
the exercise of it is a mere matterof discretion.
It can then as well destroy as creatc, by estab-
lishing such laws as would virtually deprive us
of all communication with the rest of the world.
In my judgment, this shows most forcibly why
the word "regulate" wasused. This expressed
the limitation of the power conferred. The
rest was left to individual enterprise. It was
never intended to give any body of men the
power to cripple the energies, enterprise, and
genius of the people, or to allow any species
of favoritism, by enabling Congress to do more
than to regulate.
To regulate, I insist, not to establish, was in
the mind of our ancestors. If to regulate sig-
nifies to establish Congress would not only have
the power to prescribe the rules upon which
different individuals might import goods from
any foreign port, but could establish a line of
vessels, and maintain them, just as it does a
Navy, to carry those goods. If the opinions
which I contend are without foundation be
correct, then it is beyond question as competent
for this body to provide for and maintain the
commerce of this country as it is to provide
Cor and maintain the Navy. Then the reading
of the Constitution might as well have been,
11 Congress shall have power to provide for and
maintain commerce and a Navy." Will any
one claim that we have authority to create a
steamship corporation, to trade between New
York and Philadelphia or any other port, at
home or abroad, subject to certain rates of fare
and freight? And yet if my understanding of
the word "regulate'' be too limited there would
seem to be but slight difficulty in reaching the
other conclusion.
In expounding this very clause the Supreme
Court, in Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 Wheaton, say:
"It describes the commercial intercourse between
nations and ports of nations in all its branches, and
is regulated by prescribing rules for carrying on that
intercourse."
But this power over commerce is not a power
so vast and unrestrained as the power to borrow
money, or to coin money, or to establish post
offices and post roads, to raise and support
armies, to provide and maintain.a Navy. Cer-
tainly a great deal more power was intended to
be conferred in these cases than in the power
to regulate commerce. During all our history
I do not understand that Congress has taken
one step beyond the regulation of commerce.
It has never exercised anything like the power
claimed in this bill.
Commerce is a unit. It has been decided
over and over again that it is single in its char-
acter. (Gibbons s. Ogden, 9 Wheaton, pp. 193,
194.) This being so, the jurisdiction over it
must be single also; it can be subject but to one
power. Therefore if Congress has the power
under the Constitution to construct railroads
for the regulation of commerce between the
States, or between cities in different States, it
has the whole power. There is no residuum.
There is nothing left for the State to act upon.
It can have no authority to deal with the sub-
ject at all. I insist that if Congress has the
same power over the intercourse of men by
land carriages that it has over their intercourse
by vessels upon the ocean, the lakes, and rivers,
then it has all the power.
_ The State cannot lawfully exercise any juris-
diction over the subject. Whatever is among
citizens of different States is brought within
the rule. Do gentlemen ask for this ? Does
not this show that the word "commerce" only
means that intercourse which is carried on
among men by means of vessels of one descrip-
tion or another over the navigable waters out-
side of or penetrating the different States?
Whatever this power is it knows no limitation.
So the court declared in Gibbons vs. Ogden,
9 Wheaton, 190. The language of the court is :
" If, as lias always been understood, the sover-
eignty of Congross, though limited to specified ob-
jects, is plenary as to those objects the power  ver
commerce with foreign nations and among tho sev-
eral States is vested in Congress as absolutely as it
would be in a single Government having in its con-
stitution tho smile restrictions on the exercise of the
power os are found in the Constitution of the United
States."
Again, the court add:
"The power of Congress, then, comprehends navi-
gation within tho limits of every State m tho Union
so far as that navigation may bo in any manner
eonnocted 'with commerce with foreign nations, or
among tho several States, or with the Indian tribes.'"
One or the other is supreme. One or the
other enjoys the sovereignty; not both. Nor
is there any division of this principle of gov-
ernment. Congress has the power to regulate
commerce. That is the enumeration, and that
includes the subject. There is no original sub-
stantive grant of such power as claimed in this
bill. It nowhere appears that Congress shall
have power to create wagon-roads, or railroads,
or corporations wjth power to construct them.
There is but one kind of road that Congress has
power to establish under the Constitution; that
is post roads. And post roads being named
among the enumerated powers, the mind at
once concludes that all other kinds of roads
were excluded from that power.
Ln the case_ of the United States Bank vs.
The State of Maryland the Supreme Court
decided that a corporation can only be created
when it is deemed a proper method of carrying
into effect some power granted. Hence, I sup-
gose, the title of the bill now pending in this
[ouse. It is called a bill to establish a mili-
tary and postal route between Washington eity
and New York. That we are not in a state of
war and are not likely to be shows that to
style it a military road adds no force to the
argument. And when we consider that there
is .no.mutuality ,about..the contract to carry
the mail we conclude that in that respect it is
all mere pretension. The Government will
not pay over a certain sum for carrying the
mails, but there is no assurance that the other
party shall always have them to carry even for
that.
But how can Congress enter within the do-
main of a State and condemn private property ?
How can Congress authorize individuals to
enter within the borders of a State, and seize
upon the lands of private citizens for their own
profit? Where is there any such grant of
power? Nothing more enormous was ever con-
templated in the annals of any free govern-
ment. Youpropose to pass through individual
States, and to allow strangers to come and take
possession of the homestead of the citizen and
to wrest it from him without a jury. Nothing
can be more clearly against the long-settled
practices of the Government, against prece-
dent, and against the Constitution. Nothing
in the administration of Federal affairs will be
so well calculated to stir up alienation, ani-
mosities, and bitterness between the citizens of
the different States and against the Govern-
ment itself. The> result will be, if this policy
be inaugurated and persisted in, a greater
monopoly, a more hideous and oppressive com-
bination or more exacting tyrant than this
country has yet seen.
Since the question was before the Supreme
Court, in the case of Veazievs. Moor, (14 How-
ard's Reports 573,) I will give the language of
that distinguished tribunal, none dissenting,
and submit this great question to the judgment
of the House and the country :
"Tho phrase can never bo applied to transactions
wholly internal, between citizens of the same com-
munity, or to a polity and laws whose ends and pur-
poses and operations are restricted to the territory
and soil and jurisdiction of such community. Nor
can it be properly concluded that because the prod-
ucts of domestic enterprise in agriculture and man-
ufactures, or in tho arts, may ultimately become
the subjects of foreign commerce the control of the
means or the encouragements by whieh enterprise
is fostered and protected is legitimately within the
import of tho phrase foreign commerce, or fairly
implied in any investiture of tho power to regulate
such commerce. A pretension as far-reaching as
this would extend to contracts between citizen and
citizen of the same State, would control the pursuits
of the planter, the grazier, the manufacturer, the
mechanic, the immense operations of the collieries
and mines and furnaces of tho oountry; for there is
not one of these avocations the results of which may
not become the subjects of foreign commerce, and be
borne either by turnpikes, canals, or railroads, from
point to point within the several States, toward an
ultimate destination, like the one above mentioned.
Such a pretension would effectually prevent or par-
alyze every effort at internal improvement by the
several States, for it cannot be supposed that tho
States would exhaust their capital and their credit
in the construction of turnpikes, canals, and rail-
roads, tho remunera'tion derivable from which and
all control over which might be immediately wrested
from them because such public works would be
facilities for a commerce which, while availing it-
self of those facilities, was unquestionably internal,
although intermediately or ultimately it might be-
come foreign.
''Therule heregiven withrespecttothe regulation
of foreign commerce equally excludes from the regu-
lation ot commerce between the States and the Indian
tribes the control over turnpikes, canals, railroads, or
trio clearing and deepening of water-courses exclu-
sively withm the States, or tho management of the
transportation upon and byincansof such improve-
ments. Xhe design aud object of that power, as evinced
m the history of the Constitution, was to establish a
perfect equality among the several States as to com-
mercial rights, and to prevent unjust and invidious
distinctions which local jealousies or local and par-
tial interests might be disposed to introduce and
maintain, ihese were the views pressed upon the
y 0 advocates for the adoption
ol the Constitution, and in accordance therewith
have been the expositions of this instrument pro-
pounded by this court."
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have not
consumed the time of the House with. much
speaking since I have had a seat here ; but in
view of the vast importance of the subject
now under consideration to the State I have
the honor to represent in part on this floor, and
to all others affected by the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, I propose
to state briefly some of the reasons for the
