1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
part of the reporters of the New York press ;
but I do not like to be classed on the wrong
side. There is, perhaps, not a ruore rigid oppo-
nent of inflation in either House than myself.
1 shall vote against that bill on that account.
REPORT oy ECLIFS12 OF T1IE SCN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing :
J'etoIwJ, That twenty-five hundred copios of the
report ma lo l>v tho officers of the United States Naval
(.Hiservatory of the total eclipse of the sun of August
7, ISo^, be printed.
IIARBOR OF SAMAXA.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following resolu-
tion : which was referred to the Committee on
Printing :
Ketn'rtd, That three hundred copies of the chart
of the harborot Samanabe lithographed and printed
for the use of the Senate, as soon as practicable, from
the chart of the bay and harbor of Samana in the
liyJrographic office of the Navy Department.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a moment to take up a bill re-
ported the other day by the Committee on the
District of Columbia, fixing the termination of
a railroad. It will not take a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
number of the bill?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not remember the
number. It was reported the day before yes-
terday by the Committee on the District of
Columbia. It is a bill authorizing a change of
the termination of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that he cannot find
that bill at the present time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
of'0.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 89(5) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Portland to Astoria and
McMinville, in the State of Oregon.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend- :
ment way in section one, lines twelve and ,
thirteen, to strike out the words " and water
for operating the said road and the machine- :
shops and machinery connected therewith," ii
and to insert the words " said road so as to '
read: 1
The right of way through the public lands, of the
width of one hundred feet on each side of said road, j
and the right to take from the adjacent public lands 1
materials for constructing said road.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon how many acres of land
this bill grants for this railroad ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not exactly under-
stand the Senator, but I can state that this road 1'
is about one hundred miles in length, from the
W illamette valley to the Pacific ocean. For
about twenty or thirty miles it runs through a
thickly-settled portion of country, where no
land of any consequence will be obtained. It
then runs through the mountains from that point
to the Pacific ocean, which is an unexplored
wilderness. *The bill provides, as the Senator
can see, for ten odd sections per mile on each
side. I have not made the computation to see
how much the aggregate amount would be, and
therefore cannot specifically answer the que#- i
tion, but it is a matter of easy computation. i
Mr. THURMAN. Twenty sections a mile ;
ten on each side ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; ten alternate
sections on each side.
,.^r- THURMAN. The Senate will see that :
this is one of those mammoth grants of land i
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow '
the amendments reported by the committee to
be acted upon, and then proceed to discuss
ttie merits of the bill ? There are some amend-
ments reported by the committee that are im-
material except to improve the details of the
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendments, I under-
stand, do not affect the grant; they retain the
grant in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What I have to say is in
reference to that, and I will say it now in a
very few words.
Mr. President, at the last session of Con-
gress there were presented by my colleague
certain resolutions of the General Assembly of
Ohio against any of these grants to railroad
companies for the reasons that are set forth in
those resolutions, and the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from Ohio were requested to oppose
all such grants. I concur with those resolu-
tions. I think they lay down the proper policy,
that the land of this Government ought now to
be saved for actual settlers, and not granted to
railroad companies. If you are to grant sub-
sidies to railroad companies I would greatly
prefer that you should sell the lands and give
them the money ; but to give them immense
tracts of land, as this bill proposes to give
them, twenty sections per mile for eighty or a
hundred miles, is what I cannot vote for. I
am perfectly willing that they shall have the
right of way through the public lands, but I
am totally opposed to these grants; and by
way of testing the opinion of the Senate on the
subject of railroad grants such as this, I move
that this bill be referred back to the Committee
on Public Lands with instructions to strike ont
all the grant in the bill except that of the mere
right of way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it is not
necessary now to defend the policy that has
been adopted by the Government to assist in
the construction of railroads in new States by
grants of land. Oregon is a State that has
nearly one hundred thousand square miles
within its borders. It has had one gran t for a rail-
road, and now it asks Congress to make another
grant to assist in the construction of another
small railroad in that State. The objection
which the Senator makes to this bill is not
available, for the reason that the bill provides
expressly that every foot of the land shall be
sold to actual settlers. The lands granted
are as open, under the provisions of this
bill, to actual settlers as they are under the
preemption laws of the country. It simply
provides that when settlers go upon these lands
they may buy them of the company, and the
proceeds shall be applied to assist in the con-
struction of the road. The road runs through
the coast range of mountains, a region of
country that never will be settled, the lands
of which never will be worth one cent unless
there are improvements made by which those
lands shall be made accessible to population.
Everybody who has had any experience in the
western States knows that there is nothing like
a railroad to improve a country, to attract
population, and to develop the resources of a
State.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon this question: if the
building of this road is not the only means by
which you can open up that tract of country to
settlement?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No doubt that is the only
way in which it can be done, and it will be not
only an advantage to the Government, but to
the whole country, to have this railroad con-
structcd
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Oregon state what will be the probable length
of this road ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. About one hundred miles.
I have stated that the road will run about one
hundred miles. For twenty or thirty miles it
runs through a thickly-settled country, the Wil-
lamette valley, where nearly all the lands are
taken and occupied by settlers. Then it strikes
the coast range of mountains. In those mount-
ains there are lands that are valuable, or would
be valuable if persons settling upon them could
have any access to market; but it is impos-
sible for men to go upon these lands and cut
down the timber and cultivate them and raise
enough to pay for taking what they raise to
market. It is to open up that region of coun-
try that this grant is asked. It does not inter-
fere with the settlement of the country. It \a
a very small grant of land compared with many
that Me made by Congress, and I hope there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President—■—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to recommit the bill to thfe Committee on
Public Lands with instructions to strike out
all grants of land except for the right of way.
Mr. STEWART. That is the question. I
do not think it is the time now to change the
policy of the Government toward the remaining
Territories and States of the West which have
not had these grants, so far as the building of
railroads is concerned, except perhaps as it is
changed in this bill. In this bill there is a
provision for disposing of the lands granted to
settlers. The provision is:
That the said altornate sections of land granted
by this act, excepting only such as are necessary for
the company to reserve for depots, stations, side-
tracks, wood-yards, standing ground, and other
needful uses in operating the road—
That is substantially the right of way—
shall be sold by the company only to actual settlers
in quantities not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, or a quarter section, to any one settler, and
at prices not exceeding $2 50 per acre; and to set-
tlers having valid preemption rights at the time of
the passage of this act, at $1 25 per acre.
| So that there is a complete protection here
1 to settlers. There is a great deal said about
the enormous land grants which are made to the
new States ; that term is frequently applied to
them. Now, in the first place, the Govern-
ment of the United States loses nothing by
them, because the residue of the lands, those
not granted, are sold at double the minimum
price ; so that the rights of the United States
holding lands are not affected injuriously. Be-
sides, every railroad built in the western coun-
try proves that so far from retarding settle-
ments the building of railroads has advanced
them. You find your settlers along the lines
of your railroads. In this bill we not only have
that provision, but we have a provision against
any possible monopoly on the part of the rail-
road company.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Oregon that he modify
the section of the bill just read by the Senator
from Nevada in relation to settlers entering
upon the lands of the company so that the
lands of the company shall be as free at all
times to such settlement and entry as the pub-
lic lands. If I understand the provision it is
: discretionary with the company to permitthese
lands to be entered by settlers according to
i their own terms as to time. The company may
; hold them for twenty years. If the Senator
from Oregon will modify that clause of the bill
1 so as to permit the entry upon the lands of the
company by actual settlers as freely always as
they have the right to make such entries upon
the public lands I suppose that would remove
the objection to the passage of this bill so far
as that objection is to vesting vast amounts of
land in a corporation.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it very clear that
this bill cannot pass in this morning hour.
Certainly those who are opposed to this policy
of granting such enormous bodies of land to
railroad companies are not willing that a bill
like this shall pass without some discussion.
It has been said that this has been the policy
of Congress. Why, sir, it was the policy of
Congress in regard to the Pacific railroad grants,
made under very peculiar circumstances, under
what was supposed to be not simply a necessity
of business but almost a political necessity for
the preservation of the Union, that these Pacific
railroads should be mado. I shall not go into
the question now of whether those grants were
politic or not politic; bat I call the attention
