1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4741
introduced into your political system millions
of persons who were not recognized as citizens
before. And to-day, under the laws as they
stand and the Constitution as it is, they are
not represented on this floor. Asidefrom that,
take the great and growing region of the coun-
try from which I come, where population is
doubling almost every decade. Is it right that
that region, with all its interests of every char-
acter, should be denied proper representation
here when Congress has the power to equalize
the representation and confer it upon them?
I will not discuss the equity of this matter.
I only say to gentlemen who are favor of equal-
izing representation that failing the passage
of this bill we get 110 legislation 011 the subject,
and the matter will stand exactly where repre-
sentation now is for three years more.
I will now yield for ten or fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] after
which I will yield to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. ALLISON. I understood the gentle-
man to promise to yield to mo for a few min-
utes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will wait.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire but a moment to
reply to the statement made by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] with reference
to the manner in which this joint resolution
was brought into the House, passed by the
House, and sent to the Senate. At the very
beginning of this Congress a special committee
with reference to the census was appointed, of
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Laflin] as well as myself was a member.
From the time that committee was appointed
up to the time the bill was finally reported to
the House scarcely a meeting of that commit-
tee was held at which this very question of in-
creased representation was not considered by
the committee. Finally, a majority of the mem-
bers of that committee agreed to a proposi-
tion to increase the number of Representatives
in this House to two hundred and seventy-five,
and that was the number provided for by this
bill as it passed this House.
Now, why was this bill introduced here upon
a Monday Y Simply because, under the rules
of the House, those of us who believed that
we should have additional representation in
the Forty-Second Congress, as required by the
Constitution, could get 110 opportunity to pre-
sent such a proposition except on Monday. It
passed without discussion, of course, because
it had to pass without discussion 011 that day
if it passed at all. And after this bill passed
the House it went to the Senate, where it
passed by a vote of more than two thirds.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a single question.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. Is not this the exact history
of this matter? Was not this proposition voted
down in the House when proposed in connec-
tion with the census bill ? And was not this
bill brought in on a Monday morning, the fact
that it was to bo introduced being studiously
concealed from the majority of his own polit-
ical party ?
Mr. ALLISON. That is question enough
for one time. In answer to the gentleman 1
will say that the reason why this proposition
was voted down while the general census bill
was under discussion was that it was said by
gentlemen that it was important that the bill
providing for taking the ninth census should
be sent at once to the Senate, in order that the
necessary machinery for the purpose should be
put in operation as soon as possible. And we
were told that if we would do that they would
help us put through a bill or fully consider a
bill in reference to apportionment. And those
of us who were in favor of passing an appor-
tionment bill consented that that measure
should be taken from the general bill, in order
that the census bill might go at once to the
Senate, with the expectation and belief that
those gentlemen representing on this floor
Stales whose representation would not be
increased by the new apportionment would
allow a full and fair discussion of this ques-
tion. I regret that I have occupied so much
time, and now yield the floor.
Mr. JUDD. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. In the brief time allowed me
I wish to call attention to the two questions
here presented, and to state my reasons for
advocating this bill,or one carrying out its prin-
ciples, and for my opposition to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois. I
always differ from that gentleman with great
reluctance ; and because I am compelled to do
so in this instance I have sought the floor prin-
cipally in order to state my reasons for that
difference.
There are two questions here presented.
One is, shall we apportion the representation
now, or shall we wait till the Forty-Third Con-
gress ? If we decide to make the apportionment
now the next question is, how shall that appor-
tionment be made? I presume we all agree
that there ought to be in the next Congress an
equal representation of the various States ac-
cording to their population. All agree that
there is not such a representation now, and
will not be in the next Congress unless we pass
this bill in some form or other. That upon a
fair apportionment of representation the num-
ber of members from the West will be largely
increased we all know. For instance, under
the present bill proposing to increase the aggre-
gate number of Representatives to three hun-
dred, Massachusetts would gain one member
and Connecticut one, while Vermont would
lose one. This would be the total gain of the
six New England States. New York would
gain three or four members, New Jersey two,
and Pennsylvania five. All the other gain
would be in the representation of the States
west of the Alleghany mountains and in the
southern States.
A ccording to the best calculation that can be
made, the southern and western States would
gain under this apportionment forty-seven out
of fifty-nine memtera proposed to be added.
'W(; have now two hundred and forty-one mem-
bers in this House; it is proposed to make the
aggregate three hundred. About twelve of the
additional members would come from the east-
ern States, counting Pennsylvania, New York,
and New jersey as among those States. All
the other additional members would come from
the West and South. If the West and the South
have the population entitling them to this rep-
resentation in the next Congress, why should
they not have it? No man can say that they
ought not to have it; and no man can fairly say
that, if this increased representation be just,
wo ought to wait till the Forty-Third Congress
before granting il to the States entitled to it.
There is no plausible pretext for any constitu-
tional objection, as that instrument only pro-
vides that Congress shall not allow more than
ten years to elapse without an apportionment,
leaving to its discretion the times within that
period at which it may see fit to apportion rep-
resentation; and there is an eminent fitness in
doing it now, when the whole colored popula-
tion "have been by congressional action made
citizens.
Suppose the number of the members of the
House of Representatives were continued as at
present, the representation of the New Eng-
land and the eastern States would be de-
creased, while that of the western and southern
would be increased. Such an increase of rela-
tive representative strength would be undoubt-
edly right, and would have precisely the same
effect as if the bill reported to us from the
Senate should become a law, or as would be
had under the original House bill without the
Senate amendment.
I can understand very well why gentlemen
from New England should oppose this measure.
I can understand very well why gentlemen from
the eastern sea-board should oppose it. I>ut 1
cannot understand how any man, whether a
Democrat or a Republican, living west of the
Alleghany mountains, or in any of the States
south of the Potomac, can object to this pro-
posed equalization or increase of representa-
tion for their people, so that their voice may
be as potent in these Halls as that of New
England, which all admit is very far from being
the case now.
We know that after the questions arising out
of reconstruction aro settled—and they, it is to
be hoped, will soon be disposed of—the prin-
cipal contest in the legislation of the country
is to bo between the great producing regions
and the manufacturing sections of the Union.
The eastern States have now three fourths of
all the currency provided by law. They have
under our tariff laws protection to their indus-
tries in every form; the reins of Government
are in their hands, while the States of the West
and the South, the great agricultural regions,
entitled as they should be to a just share of the
benefit from our currency and our tariff and
revenue laws, are kept down by an improper
superiority of numbers, wealth, and conse-
quent power in the representation of the east-
ern sea-board and the New England States.
Hence it is that the West and the South ought
to demand, if they are true to themselves, in
some form, the increased relative representa-
tion to which they are now entitled.
A word as to the mode of attaining this rep-
resentation. My friend from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] has said that the present system is
a wrong, a monstrous outrage ; and he has re-
peated the statement again and again. If we
now make a new apportionment and elect by
congressional districts, according to the pres-
ent system, as this bill authorizes, would not
the same wrong exist, whether we advance to
three hundred or adhere to the present num-
ber ? It would, beyond all question. There
may be in the State of Illinois thirteen or
eighteen districts; and there may not be in
any one of them five hundred Republican ma-
jority ; yet those districts may be so arranged
as to send in each case a Republican Repre-
sentative, so that there may not be a Demo-
cratic Representative on this floor from that
State. That may be the operation of the ex-
isting law. This is the operation of the Con-
stitution as it was mado by its framers. This
is the system which has always been in opera-
tion. If there is any wrong or outrage it is
one which lias existed ever since the Consti-
tution was framed; it is one which appertains
to the system of representative government
evervwhere, for never on the face of the earth,
so far as I have learned, has this system which
the gentleman seeks to apply been in practice
on an extensive scale, though it has been ably
advocated here and elsewhere.
Mr. MARSHALL, Oh, yes; it is 111 prac-
tice now as the mode of electing members of
the British Parliament, and has been for some
time.
Mr. BECK. It applies only to the election
from Oxford and one or two other points, as I
understand, though I may be mistaken, as I
have not paid much attention to it. .
The case of New York has been cited by the
gentleman from that State, [Mr. Cox;] but,
sir, the House ought to understand distinctly
that there is no approach to this principle in
the provisions of the law of New York on this
subject. By that law, as I am informed, six
iudges were to be elected, but no man had the
rio-ht to vote for more than four ; therefore the
Democratic party elected their four judges, all
they had the right to elect. They might have
cast ninety-nine thousand votes for those four,
if they had that many votes, while the minority
might have cast only ten thousand votes for the
other two judges, and still these two judges
would have been elected. The majority coulu
not under any circumstances have elected more
than four. .
But the principle of my friend from Illinois
applies iu this wise: take the State of Illinois,
