4742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
or I prefer to take my own State of Kentucky,
for an example. We would be entitled to two
Representatives to be added under the appor-
tionment provided by this bill. If we see fit
to elect them by the State at large we can; but
we are not compelled to do it. We can redis-
trict our State. So can every State in the
Union redistrict under this bill if it chooses to
do so. If they redistrict they will redistrict on
the basis of population, and elect their mem-
bers precisely as is now done, the only difference
being that each State would have equal repre-
sentation according to population, which they
have not now, and will not have in the next
Congress unless we pass this bill. So there is
nothing monstrous about it; certainly not
enough to justify us in launching upon new
and untried seas.
But suppose in Kentucky we choose to elect
by the State at large. The Democrats run, of
course, two men, and the Republicans run a
man. We have, say, one hundred thousand
Democratic votes in Kentucky, and the Repub-
licans have, say, forty thousand. There was
once a third party there, which may rise up
again; judging from a speech which I have
just read on the subject, it may command some
fifteen thousand votes. Taking the two together
they may cast fifty-five thousand votes. Now,
we have, say, one hundred thousand, and we
are entitled to two Representatives. We nom-
inate and we *ote for them, and the Repub-
licans and the third party each nominate a
candidate, and so combine and cast their votes,
voting twice for one man and dropping the
other, that their man may have a more decided
majority than either of ours. Thus the Demo-
cratic party, with more than twice as many
votes as the largest wing, under this minor-
ity plan may be kept out of power. One
of the majority candidates can be defeated to
a certainty with these proportions, bolh can-
not—it would bS a set-off. But proportions
could be stated by which the two could be
kept out and yet each of the two opposing
factions be very little more than half as large
as the party against which they have combined,
so thai, the "system would in my opinion be a
system to give representation in many instances
to minority factions, to the exclusion of ma-
jority representation as the Constitution and
laws now provide.
Take the case of Texas. Texas is entitled
to three additional members, as all admit, and
may see fit to elect them by the State at large,
it may be that the State is largely Democratic
and may nominate three candidates, while the
Republicans nominate one. We are forced to
try the experiment, nevertried before, of allow-
ing all the colored people to vote. They go to
the polls, and a colored voter comes up and
casts his vote three times for one man, while
the white voter casts but one vote for each of
three candidates; and I assure you, in the pres-
ent- condition of affairs, with the idea which
prevails that no one has a right to vote twice
for the same man, there would not be a peace-
able election there. A negro casting three
votes for one man would be a right not readily
recognized in the State of Texas when there
are four candidates in the field and three to
be elected. You cannot make the people at
once understand, in carrying out a plan never
before adopted in our system, that the white
man is exercising the same_ right as the negro
who is casting three votes for one man, and it
would be folly to make the experiment by an
act of Congress. If the several States, under
the power vested in them, should adopt thesys-
tem of minority representation, and educate
their people up to it so that they fully under-
stood and approved it, there might be some
propriety in seeking to attach it to an act of
Congress. ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
eXflr. BECK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few minutes, so that X may finish
this sentence.
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. You are seeking to apply a
principle, which, although it may possibly be
a good principle, is one which certainly should
not be applied at this time. Its application
would be partial. It will be adopted in some
States while, others will not adopt it. Some
States will redistrict and others will not. In
some States redistricted the question will not
arise, while in others it will; and, without giving
the principle a fair chance, to put it iu now,
if it be a good principle, is to kill it forever.
It may be adopted hereafter; but it should be
done, if at all, by the States, and it should be
done gradually and with as little shock to the
fixed habits and ideas of the mass of the people
as possible. This bill is certainly not the place
to make the experiment, and I am, therefore,
opposed to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to discuss the merits involved in the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
and by him offered as an amendment to this
bill. _ I desire, however, to say to the House
that it would be very unwise for the Congress
of the United States, in my judgment, to
undertake to determine what should be the
names on the ballots which the electors of every
State of this Union should cast at a Federal
election.
The words of the Constitution, Mr. Speaker,
in its first article, are :
"Tbe House of Representatives shall he composed
of membcis chosen every second year by the people
of the several States."
This certainly means that the people of the
several States shall judge and determine for
themselves how they will exercise the power
of the ballot. You may prescribe the time,
the place, and the manner of the election, hut
leave something, if you please, to the people.
They know better than any Congress what is
best adapted to their several localities. I
know there is much in the proposition of a
minority representation to commend it to right-
minded men. But I know just as well, Mr.
Speaker, that while it might work well in large
communities, as in New York, for example, or
Illinois, or Ohio, it might work ill in small
communities where the whole wealth of the
Slate is in the hands of a few corporations. I
am quite willing that the question should be
entertained and discussed ; I am quite willing
to see the experiment tried ; but 1 am unwill-
ing thatthat experiment should be forced upon
the several States by act of Congress. It is
perfectly competent for the people of each
State, in the exercise of this great power touch-
ing the choice of Representatives in Congress,
to regulate the ballot within their respective
boundaries according to their own best judg-
ment. There I leave it. I belong not to that,
class of statesmen who propose to ignore the
provision of the Constitution, as wise a pro-
vision as any other in it, which declares that—
"The poweis not delegated tu the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the states respectively, or to tlio
people."
The final power of the Republic itself is
lodged there, where it may most safely be
lodged. When the time comes that the people
of the several States will permit the authorities
of the United States to dictate to them whether
they may declare their will by the ballot or the
form thereof, on that day the Republic itself
will perish. I shall oppose, therefore, the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] on the ground
I have stated, without, however, intimating
that it would be unwise for the people of the
several States in the exercise of theis best
judgment to adopt the method suggested by
the gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make a single remark?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say that the
gentleman must be aware that if my amend-
ment is adopted it is still left to States to dis-
trict or not, as they see fit. They may elect
under this proposition, or they may make a
redisricting.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not that I refer to.
It is the minority representation involved in
the gentleman's proposition of which I have
been speaking.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman will yield
to me a moment,, I should like to ask him a 1
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman,
Mr. NIBLACK. If it is right that we should
leave this matter of election to the people, as
the gentleman eloquently argues, and as I
believe, I wish to know how he comes to advo-
cate tho fifteenth amendment and the law
enforcing that amendment upon the people
against their wish and their will?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is a matter quite
foreign to this question. The fifteenth amend-
ment was simply securing the equal rights of
the people, and what I have been talking about
is the force to be given to the ballot by virtue
of a provision of law to secure minority repre-
sentation.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why not leave it to the
people of the several States to enact laws
through their Legislatures to carry out the fif-
teenth amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does not
understand what I am talking about.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think I do. The gentle-
man is arguing for the rights of the people,
and in that I enliiely sympathize with him.
Mr. IJINGllAM. The gentleman might as
well say, why not leave it to the people of
every State to carry out every part of the Con-
stitution ? The power is conferred expressly
by the Constitution upon Congress to enforce
the fifteenth amendment. That is my answer
to the gentleman from Indiana. But there is
no provision in the Constitution of the United
States, either by express words or by neces-
sary implication, that the Congress of the
United States should by any kind of legislation
whatever dictate to the people of the several
.States the force and effect to be given to the
ballot in the hands of each elector. There is
a very broad distinction, and I rather think
the gentleman from Indiana sees it quite as
plainly as 1 do.
If Ohio desires minority representation ac-
cording to this method, Ohio knows how to
procure it. If Illinois desires it, Illinois knows
how to procure it. ]f the State of Rhode
Island does not desire it, that State should be
permitted to proceed according to the ancient
method of determining elections, by a single
ballot in tho hand of each elector. That is
my answer on that point, and that is all I
desire to say on that subject, remarking, as I
said before, that when this principle comes to
be incorporated by tho States in their legis-
lation, and carried into practical operation, I
trust it may prove beneficial; aud I am in-
clined to believe that in large communities it
will prove beneficial; but it is not the duty
of Congress to compel the States to try the
experiment,.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no ; not now. Please
excuse me.
Mr. COX. The gentleman's opinion on con-
stitutional questions is very important.
Air. BINGHAM. 1 do not desire to be in-
terrogated. 1 wish to discuss this bill. It has
been intimated in this debate that there is no
warrant iu the Constitution for this proposed
legislation. A more strange or unwarranted
construction of that instrument in my opinion
never was put upon it even when men under-
took to say that each State was to judge for
itself whether the Constitution was to be bind-
ing, or whether judicial renderings under that
Constitution were to be respected, or whether
acts of Congress were to have the force and
