966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2
V ^ 5
of the Senate to the fact that there is not one
word said in favor of this bill that may not be
said in favor of every such railroad grant that
can be proposed in Congress. Here are half
a dozen projects now—I do not know bat a
dozen—for railroads running through the pub-
lic lands of the United States, and all contain-
ing just such subsidies as this; and for every
one of those bills precisely the same arguments
can be made that are made in favor of this
grant. If we are to accept these arguments as
satisfactory it amounts to giving away the
whole public domain and to uothing else than
that, and it is of no use to say, as in this bill
it is said, that the lands granted to the railroad
company shall only be sold to actual settlers.
When is the company to sell them ? How is
it to sell them ? VV here is the guarantee that
they will only be sold to actual settlers ? How
do you enforce that provision ? If that were
sufficient, how do you enforce it ? But, after
all, if you could enforce it it is still merely
giving away so much of the public domain.
How, sir, while I am a friend of railroad
improvements 1 do not believe in this hot-bed |
process of forcing railroads where there are no !
people by means ofgreat Government subsidies;
making great railroads through a desert where
there is no necessity for a railroad at all, no
people to be benefited by it, under the idea that
you will bring people into that neighborhood.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask the
Senator of what value, then, are the lands to the
Governmentifthey are a desert, andwhatobject
there is in keeping them ?
Mr. THURMAN. Let me answer. I have
but two minutes. Let me call the attention of
the Senator to the fact that in thirty years from
this date there will be, if we have the good sense
to hold together and our population increases as
it has done, one hundred million people in the
Republic.
Mr. THAYER rose.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I pray the Sen-
ator not to interrupt me. In thirty years we
shall have one hundred million people, in less
than sixty years two hundred million people
in the United States; and where is the land
they are to get ? Every year it becomes more
and more difficult for a man to become the
owner of land. Why, sir, so far from there
being too much land in the country, so far
from it being easy to get a farm, so far from it
being easy to become the owner of real estate,
the time is almost at our doors when it will be
almost as impossible for a man to get real
estate in this country as it is in Europe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio will suspend his remarks. The
morning hour having expired, the currency
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I will not ask the Senate
to put aside the order of the day for me; but
I do hope that this bill will be thoroughly dis-
cussed, and when it shall be taken up on an
occasion when there will be time enough to
discuss it I hope to have the indulgence of
the Senate in stating more fully why I am
opposed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that at the expiration of the
morning business the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] asked the consent of
the Senate to take up a bill which he said
would not occupy over five minutes. The
Secretary could not find it at the moment, the
nnmber of the bill not being ascertainable. If
there be no objection, the bill now having been
found, the Secretary will report it, and the
Chair will ask the Senate whether it will con-
sent to consider it at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall have half
an hour allowed in which to dispose of this
railroad bill which has been under discussion.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid it cannot be
done in half an hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the eleventh
rule a motion to postpone for half an hour
cannot be entertained unless by unanimous
consent, as it is not included in the motions
allowable under that rule.
Mr. CAMERON. The little bill which I
desire to have taken up will not take long.
Mr. THURMAN. If the idea is to force
this bill through in half an hour I must object.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is another bill that is
proposed to be taken up.
i Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; this same bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
| from Michigan referred to the bill to which the
| Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] alludes;
j but the Senator from Pennsylvania desires to
1 take up another bill, to which he asks the
attention of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. That I have no objection
to; but I do object to this railroad bill being
discussed and disposed of in half an hour.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion sug-
i gested by the Senator from Michigan cannot
; be entertained, as it requires unanimous con-
sent under the eleventh rule. But the Senator
1 from Pennsylvania asks the attention of the
Senate to a bill which he says will not occupy
over five minutes. If there be no objection
that bill will betaken up. Any Senator desir-
ing to insist on the regular order of course can
call up the currency bill at any time.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope there will be no
objection to taking up Senate bill No. 425.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 425)
to extend the time for the completion of the
lateral branch of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad, authorized by the act approved Feb-
ruary 5, 1867, and to change the location in
the city of Washington along the bank of the
canal, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill contains a preamble reciting that a
charter was granted by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States, and
approved by the President February 5, 1867,
giving to the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company the privilege of constructing a lat-
eral branch of their railroad into the District
of Columbia and the city of Washington, and
that under the act the time for the completion
of the lateral branch was within four years
from its passage, and as the work on the line
of the road within the city of Washington is
very heavy and will consume a long time in
its construction, and as the work has already
been delayed in submitting the plans and loca-
tion to Congress for their approval, hence the
bill proposes to repeal the seventh section of
the act of February 6,1867, and to extend the
time for the completion of the lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad to the
1st day of February, 1875. The company is
also authorized to adopt a line in the city of
Washington from south Fourth street curving
to the right either to the north or south bank
of the canal, northwestwardly to Virginiaave-
nue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania whether it will take until
1875 to complete this railroad ?
Mr. CAMERON. No; but we find a great
deal of difficult work at the termini of the
road, at its terminus in Washington and its
terminus in Baltimore, and it is desirable to
have as much time as possible to finish that
difficult work. We shall have the road in
operation, however, soon after this time next
year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly should not
have votedtfor chartering this railroad, which
I did with great pleasure, if I thought the
company was going to take so long to build
forty miles of road.
Mr. CAMERON. Let me tell the Senator
from Ohio, who has a just appreciation of this
subject, that it requires a tunnel under the city
of Baltimore a mile and a quarter in length, and
it may require some tunneling before we get
here; but the road will be in running operation
by this time'next year, or by the 1st of April
next year, between Baltimore and Washington
with the exception of the termination in'the
city of Baltimore and perhaps the termination
here; but the cars will be running so that street
roads in the city can connect with them.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the objection to
putting that requirement in the bill ?
Mr. CAMERON. Because it is better not
to hamper it. Accidents may happen.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to put off
the completion of another railroad to this city
for four years when I think capital can be
found to complete it in a year. If the Senator
will put his idea in the shape of an amend-
ment to the bill, reserving until 1875 the right
to complete the termini in the two cities but
requiring the road to be in running order be-
tween Baltimore and Washington in one year
from this time, I think it will be better.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator, who is
, so anxious to make railroads into the city of
Washington, as I know, desires to embarrass
this bill, I will take any amendment he pleases.
All I want now is to change the road from the
southern side of the canal to the northern side.
This is a road in which everybody who comes'
to Washington is interested, and we expect to
have it in operation early next year. We have
, within fourteen miles of the whole line now
' graded.
Mr. SHERMAN, I will take the Senator's
word that it will be completed by the 1st of
April next year.
Mr. CAMERON. Between the two places.
You shall have that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the pre-
amble of the bill by striking out the words " by
the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States, and approved by the Presi-
dent," and inserting " by an act of Congress,
approved."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ MORRILL, of Vermont. I call the
attention of the Senate to section two of this
bill. It will be seen that it allows the railroad
company to go through the city either on the
south or north side of the canal. I do not
know but that that may interfere with plans that
are already before the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, which contemplate
that something shall be done with this canal—
that it shall be covered over, one half of it, and
the market building allowed to extend to the
north bank of the canal, which is asked for by
•the citizens of Washington. Now, to authorize
this road to go along the north bank may inter-
fere with what is contemplated by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings in relation to the
new market.
Then, again, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to plans which have been here-
tofore often presented for having a public
mall extending from the Capitol to the Presi-
dent's grounds; and if so, here is the con-
necting link. I doubt as to the policy of
allowing this railroad to go along exactly in
the track of where we propose to have a public
drive-way. I think it is a matter of sufficient
importance to go over until to-morrow morn-
ing. I do not desire to interfere with my
friend from Pennsylvania, but I/lever noticed
the bill until this moment, and I think we
ought to have sufficient time to investigate it.
Mr. CAMERON. I dislike, having been
allowed by the courtesy of the Senate to bring
up this bill now, to occupy any time. I thought
there would be nobody to object to it. But the
objection of my friend from Vermont is, to my
mind, such an objection as he rarely makes.
We only ask to have the site of this railroad
changed from the southern to the northern side
of the canal. If coming on the north side shall
interfere with the mall or the drive the Sen -
ator talks abont, it is already interfered with
by our charter privileges. The only difficulty
is that by keeping us on the southern side you
compel us to take down some expensive build-
ings and expend a much larger sum than will
