1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
nanimity and forbearance with -which men who have
served in the rebellion, but who now frankly and
honestly cooperate with us in restoring the southern
Stato governments upon the basis of impartial jus-
tice and equal rights, arc received back into the
communion of the loystl people; and we favor the
removal of disqualifications and restrictions imposed
upon the late rebels in the same measure as tho
spirit of disloyalty will die out, and as may be con-
sistent 'vith the safety of the loyal people.''
That, sir, is a plank of the platform which
was indorsed less than two years ago by an
overwhelming majority of this great nation of
forty million people. Upon that platform stood
the presidential candidate who was triumph-
antly elected. Your State and mine, sir, the
one upon the northern lakes, the other upon the
Gulf, were proud to aid by their ballots in his
elevation to the loftiest position among the
nations of the earth. The Carolinas joined
with Massachusetts in the glorious victory.
And now I ask of that party, of my own party,
which made that platform, and elected the
President; which lias more than restored our
broken Union by making it indissoluble; which
lias given peace to the country and freedom
and the equal protection of law to nil men ;
which has made the protecting shield of Amer-
ican citizenship as powerful to the humblest
citizen, of whatever race or color, in Texas as
•in New England, and has secured to the weak-
est citizen of Alabama the same political and
civil rights enjoyed by the most favored son of
the Republic—of that great party I now ask
the fulfillment of that solemn promise embod-
ied in our platform. I entreat of you, in the
name of my State, to at once redeem that,
pledg" „ind remove onr political disabilities.
fcjl, sir, in most of the southern States " the
spirit of disloyalty"—to follow the language
of our platform—has so far died out, or been
crushed out, as to make it consistent with the
safety of the loyal people to remove all polit-
ical disabilities. This is the case with the State
I have the honor to represent in part on this
floor. Her delegation here are a unit in favor
of suoli removal. Her State senate, which but
a few weeks ago unanimously voted to ratify
the fifteenth amendment, memorialized Con-
gress to remove these disabilities. To continue
these disqualifications and restraints one hour
longer is to pass beyond the boundaries of
necessity or the demands of loyalty and secur-
ity. Henceforth they will operate more as
restraints upon true friends of tho Government
than as disqualifications to its enemies. Let
us remove them and have done with tho work
of reconstruction.
My plan is to judge each State by itself, and
let us make up that judgment in the light, of facts
as they now exist 'in each State. Let us imi-
tate, in the removal of political disabilities, the
example set us in tho restoration of the insur-
rectionary States to the Union. States were
restored upon the evidence they gave as to
their fitness for restoration. So in removal
of disabilities, I hold it to be far wiser, more
statesmanlike, to make a general removal in
States which offer the best opportunity for suc-
cess than to support the bill which has been
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction,
and which is now pending in the House. Sir,
I can never give my support to this measure.
It is useless, and worse than useless. The
future public safety demands 110 such legisla-
tion at the hands of Congress. The people
who sent us here do not demand it. Such a
measure is 110 safeguard to the loyal and true
men of the South, white or colored, who stood
by the flag in the darkest hour of the country's
history. It is not required to protect their per-
sons, their property, or their equality before
the law. It is the opposite of the spirit which
runs all through the work of reconstruction.
It is not magnanimous, but ignoble. It is not
worthy of the nation, because it is not gener-
ous. Its effects will be to punish men for what
they did by coercion. It forces men to pay
penally for what they neverdid except byforce.
tt puts such persons to unnecessary and heavy
expense and almost endless trouble to obtain
what it is in our interest to give them without
cost. It robs your amnesty of every gracious
and graceful quality. I will not stultify myself
by aiding the passage of such a bill here, and
returning to my distant home attempt to win
back to the support of the Government, the
Union, and the Constitution the great mass
of the southern people, whose only hope of
amnesty is by the operations of a law alike
oppressive and ungenerous.
if at the close of an exhausting, desperate,
bloody civil war, which carried mourning to
nearly every hearthstone and ridged the land
with newly-made graves and filled our streets
with the maimed and the crippled, a triumph-
ant party couldsofar restrain its passions over
a defenseless foe as not to shed one drop of
blood in the moment of complete victory, or
doom to banishment and returnless exile one
rebellious citizen, then these hands shall not
sow the seeds of bitterness and wrath By aiding
at this late day the passage of this bill. Sir,
this self-imposed restraint, this equipose of the
General Government challenges the admiration
of the world. It is one of the noblest victories
and vindications of republicanism. It alone
is proof enough of the capacity of the people
for self-government. There never was such a
trial of the power and safety of free institutions
and there never was such a triumph. I, for
one, will not tarnish that noble record. But
rather, following the teachings of this illus-
trious example, I will urge here and every-
where, by pen and tongue, the removal of
existing disabilities by final act of Congress
whenever the safety of the Government, tho
welfare of its people, and the protection of its
loyal citizens do notdemand their continuance.
In several of the southern States that time, in
my humble judgment, has arrived. First and
foremost of these is the State I have the honor
to leprcsent in part in this House.
Mr. Speaker, in putting in this plea for the
immediate removal of disabilities by Congress
from the citizens of my State I beg the House
to not forget what the Committee on Recon-
struction seem to have overlooked, that it is
one of tho plainest facts of history that if
armed revolt be suppressed submission is usu-
ally followed by acquiescence. That suppres-
sion is now complete. The life of the nation
is no longer threatened by armed rebellion.
The power and authority of the national Gov-
ernment is unquestioned and supreme. The
passions engendered in the fierce white heat of
bloody war have, as passions always must, con-
sumed themselves. Peace, purchased at the
price of countless treasure and blood, reigns.
I'imo has softened our personal griefs and healed
our personal grievances. In spite of the turbu-
lence of the disappointed and the violence
of the lawless we are becoming once again a
homogeneous people composed of indestruct-
ible States.
Following the suppression of armed revolt
there has been a growing acquiescence in tho
changed condition of affairs at the South.
Vast political changes have taken place. Four
million slaves have been emancipated and
elevated to the dignity of American citizenship.
I have lived to see the courts of my State
receive the testimony of these colored persons
and admit them to the jury-box. They enjoy
the elective franchise; they help to make our
laws, and help execute them. Their children
are admitted to the public schools of the Stato
and draw their pro rata share of the public
funds. Every department of competitive indus-
try is open to them. They not only till our
fertile fields and build our railroads, but are
found in every department of Government; in
the Army and the Navy; in post offices, custom-
houses, and mail-cars ; they have broken down
the barriers of proscription, and are found in
the Government Printing Office and the Senate
of the United States.
In all these rights and privileges they are
unalterably secure, doubly so by the adoption
of the fifteenth amendment. A similar change
has taken place among the white people of tho
State. Many observantmen are watching these
changes and are willing they shall have a fair
trial, be judged by their fruits, and then let
them stand or fall upon their own merits. In
the meantime the Union element of the State
has been strengthened and encouraged by the
addition of many good and peaceful men.
Under this condition of affairs 110 good can
come from continued disqualification. It was
but a temporary necessity ; that necessity has
now passed away. It is needed 110 more than
a vast standing army or a powerful navy
Sir, the broad and generous policy of gen-
eral amnesty is a safe and wise policy for other
reasons. War, horrid aud hideous as it is, the
delight of tho savage, the dread of the civil-
ized, is not an unmixed evil. It has its les-
sons and its compensations. In the fervor of
conflict we have lushed to the full conscious-
ness of national unity. That we aie aud must
remain one nation is the settled conviction of
the people. One Government must occupy the
heart of this continent, stretching from ihe ocean
of storms to the ocean of calms. The integ-
rity of the Union is nowwritten upon the heart
of the nation. It is the animating idea of our
nationality. For it men will live and die, if
need be, as men have lived and died before us.
Washington in his Farewell Address told us
that the "Union was the palladium of our
political safety and prosperity." The war has
taught the Soutli the truthfulness of this say-
ing. Henceforth in the Union she is to find
the hiding of her power, the secret of her pros-
perity. Upon the banner of the restored Union
will be sharply inscribed, with a pen of iron
and with the point of a diamond, "one country,
one Constitution, and one destiny." The States
which attempted to dismember our sacred
Union see and realize as never before that the
very topography of the country forbids separa-
tion ; that the very course of mountain ranges
prohibits a division between North and South.
The physical characteristics of the country, the
laws of commerce, the historic laws guiding
the growth of States, the common bond of lan-
guage, literature, and race, and thegeueral inter-
ests of the country in relation to foreign Powers,
all point to national unity as the only feasible
end ; all unite in proclaiming that God is the
master-builder of our Union. We neednotfear,
therefore, in granting the proposed relief, any
future attempt at secession or dissolution of the
Union.
Another reason urging to this broader states-
manship is found in the extinction of slavery.
This was the root of all our difficulties, the
predisposing cause of rebellion. The most
philosophical of American historians, in hisable
address on the anniversary of the birthday of
Washington, February 22,1862, distinctly says:
"Slavery has forced upon us the issue, and has
lifttd up its hand to strike a death-blow at our ex-
istence as a.people. It Las avowed itself a desperate
and deternined enemy of our national lite, of our
unity as a republic; and henceforward no man de-
serves the name of statesman who would consent to
any now territory or the admission of another slave
State into the Union."
Now that the antagonism of northern and
southern sentiment on the subject of slavery
is removed we shall form not only a perpetual
Union, but we shall become a homogeneous
people. Ofone common stock, we shall become
one also in opinions and interests. This view
is fortified by the opinion of a shrewd and phil-
osophical observer of our country, De Tocque-
vilie, uttered a quarter of a ccntury ago. He
says:
"The dangers which threaten the American Union
do not originate in diversity of interosts or opinions,
but m the various characters and passions of tho
Americans. The men who inhabit the vast territory
01 tho United States arc almost all the issue of a com-
mon stock; but the effects of climate, and more espe-
cially of slavery, havo gradually introduced very
striking differences between the British settler ot tho
southern States and the British settler of the North.
In Europe it is generally believed that slavery has
rendered the interests of one part contrary to those
of another part; but I by no means remarked thi*
to be the case. Slavery has not created interests in
