3798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
During tlie roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK. On this bill and all the
amendments to it "but one I am paired with
Mr. McCormick, of Missouri. I am opposed
to the bill, and he is in favor of it. I desire
also to state that my colleague, Mr. IIolman,
is detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have re-
ceived a note from Mr. Wood, in which he
states that in consequence of the death of his
mother, which occurred last night, he will be
detained from the House for several days. He
desired that fact to be announced, so as to
account for his absence.
Mr. SWEENEY. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Bock. He would have voted
against this amend ment, an d I would have voted
for it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] which the Clerk
will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after tho word "points," in lino
thirty-nine, page 3, down to and including tho word
" bidder," in line fifty-five, page 3, and insert:
Provided, That all lands granted to said company
shall be subject to settlement and preemption like
other lands at a price to bo paid to said company not
exceeding $2 50 per acre; and if the mortgage hereby
authorized shall at any time be enlorced by fore-
closure or other legal proceeding, or the mortgage
lands hereby granted, or any of thein, be sold by the
trustees to whom suoh mortgage may bo executed,
either at its maturity or for any failure or default of
said company under tho terms thereof, such lands
shall bo sold at public sale at places within thoStates
and Territories in which they shall bo situate, alter
not less than sixty days'previous notice, in single
sections or subdivisions thereof, to the highest and
beat bidder; and the purchasers at said sale, excopt
actual settlors on notgreator subdivisions than one
hundred and sixty acres, shall acquire no higher in-
terest in said lands than is bythisactgranted to said
company; and as to all lands purchased under any
each sale by any corporation or by other persons
greater m quantity than one quarter section for any
ono person, all suoh lands shall be ant' remain sub-
ject to the right of purchase by actual settlers at a
pneo not oxeeeding $2 50 per acre, and in amounts
not oxeeeding one quarter section, by any one per-
son, under such rules and regulations as the Sec-
retary of tho Interior may prescribe to carry this
provision into effect.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the yeas and
navs on agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 104, not voting
G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnoll, Aspor, Ayer,
Beatty.Beck, Bird, James Brooks, Buffin ton, Bureh-
nrd Sidney Clarke. Cleveland. AmasaCobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Oullom, Doprener, Dick-
inson, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Eldndge, Parns-
worth.Finkelnburg, Haldeman, Ilawley, llay. Hays,
lieflm, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd,Kerr,Knott,Law-
ronco, Lewis, Marshall, MeUrary, McGrew, McNec-
1 y, Jlorcur, IJJiakim ft. Mooro, William Moore, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Packard, Paine, Potter. Randall. Rico,
Hogers, bargent, Shanks, Slocum, John A. Smith,
and Woodward—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Booker, Bowon, Boyd, (ieorgeM. Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett,Roderick It. Bntler, Cake, Calkin. Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Con-
ger, Conner, Covode, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dock-
ery, Dox,, 1< urriss, ferry, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Getz,
(*ibson,_ tXamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hoar, lloopcr,
Ilotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones, lvcllcy, Kellogg,
O «PV IV ntc fi-1 >Y\ f<T .-v T ~ /I: „ T l_ T  .
T> I I -rt AOtue, Jt VLUiS, XUC'ipa,
Poland, Pomeroy, Prosper, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck,
behumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph S.
Smith, Wortlungton C. Smith,William Smyth, Siark-
ivcatlier, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong
c, 'tanner. Taylor, Tillman, Trimble, Twichell,
Oilliilan, Criiawold, Haight.Hale, Ilambleton. Haw-
kins. lieaion, Hill, iioge, lloltnan, .Tonckes, Thomas
L. Jonr-i, Julian, Loughrnige, Mayham, McCor-
rnick, MJcs-'e IE. Moore, Samurd P. Morrill,
Mungen. jNxblaek. Orth, Palmer, Piatt, Porter,
Reeves, Bidgway, Sanlord, Scofield, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Stevens, Stokes, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Townsend, Van Horn, Van Trump,Voorhees,Wells,
W inchester, and Wood—52.
So the amendment moved by Mr. Sakgent
was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McNEELY said: My colleague, Mr.
Bcrr, is confined to his room by sickness. If
he were here he would vote in favor of this
amendment.
The hour of five o'clock, the time fixed by
the order of the House for adjournment, hav-
ing arrived while the call of the yeas and nays
was being made, upon the announcement of
the result
The SPEAKER (at five o'clock and eight
minutes p. m.) declared the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of Anthony
W. Lowrey, a soldier of Colonel J. D. Stephen-
son's command, disabled at Los Angeles, Cal-
ifornia, in 1847, for back pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The petition
of Nelson McLaughlin, late captain company
M, eighth regiment Tennessee cavalry volun-
By Mr. LAFLIN : The petition of J. M.
Brown and others, of Gray, New York, for a
post-route from Newport to Gray.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 25, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. A. K. Sanford, of New
York.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
printing op an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to suspend for an instant the
reading of the Journal, to enable me to have
an order made for the printing of an amend-
ment which ought to be printed before three
o'clock. It is the amendment that I offered
yesterday to the legislative, executive^ and
judicial appropriation bill, and which we omit-
ted to have ordered to be printed last night.
It is long, but can be printed before we reach
the appropriation bill again at three o'clock. I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
allow me to interject that motion during the
reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made ; and the Sec-
retary will resume the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary resumed, and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
enrolled bills signed.
I he VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution, which
had yesterday received the signature of the
Speaker of the House of Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 76) concerning divorces in
the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide
for the appointment of an examiner of claims
tor the Department of State, and foradditional
clerks in the Department.
house bill REFERRED
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 299) in
regard to charges of desertion in cases of sol-
diers honorably discharged was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
A. G. Pritchett, of Pittsylvania county, Vir-
ginia, and of William K. Crowder, of Cum-
berland county, Virginia, praying the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions of
Jonathan Payne, of Indianola,Calhoun county,
Texas; of John W. Spear, of Blanco county,
Texas ; of Thomas H. Mayne and H. Seeling-
son, of Calhoun county, Texas, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of
Charles G. Miller, of Bath county, Virginia;
of William Cardwell, of Keysville, Charlotte
county, Virginia; of Q. G. E. D. Davis, George
A. Gentsy, and Robert S. Dulany, of Greene
county, Virginia; of Larkin E. Jackson, of
Madison county, Virginia, and of Thomas E.
Ballard, of Hanover county, Virginia, praying
theremovalof their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROSS presented two memorials of citi-
zens of Kansas, remonstrating against the ex-
tension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
reports op committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify the con-
veyance of real estate in the District of Colum-
bia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill (S. No. 900) to
incorporate the Loan and Trust Company of
the United States was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. The bill does not fall strictly
within our province, but it was sent to us by
the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom it ought to belong, and we felt bound
to examine it carefully. I am directed by
the Committee on Finance to report it back
with certain amendments, and recommend its
passage.
I am also directed by the same committee
to report back the bill (S. No. 816) to incor-
porate the United States Trust, Loan, Guar-
antee, and Indemnity Company of Washington,
District of Columbia, which is a bill something
similar to the one I have just reported, con-
taining some of the same incorporators. We
have inserted in the first bill the names of the
incorporators in both bills ; and I therefore
move that this latter bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. Ii. No. 2063) to authorize the
reduction^ of the width of an alley in square
No.376, in the city of Washington, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2064) to re-
peal the preamble of an act in relation to the
National Theological Institute, approved April
22, 1870, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. In this same connection I
desire to move an amendment to the bill (H.
R. No. 1004) to arch Tiber creek north of
Pennsylvania avenue, which I move to have
printed and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 843) to confirm the title of the
heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to certain
lands in the Territory of Colorado, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 914) for the relief
of Sebastian Reichert, reported adversely, and
recommended that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
