mo.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2855
reduced by the income tax to about twenty-five
hundred dollars. No advance, except the
twenty per cent, increase common to all has i
been made in his salary in fifteen years past, j
though the contents of the Library have been
quadrupled and the labors of the Librarian
multiplied in a still greater ratio. The salary
of the principal librarian ofthe British Museum
is jci/ioo. or $6,000. That ofthe superintend-
cnt ofthe Boston Public Library is $3,000. I
have a table which shows the salaries now paid
to the principal and some of the subordinate
officers of the Senate and House.
Now, I wish to compare for a moment the
rates of compensation paid to subordinate offi-
cers of the Senate and the House with the
eomnensation now paid to the Librarian of Con-
gress. The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
received an annual compensation of $4,320 un-
derthe late appropriation bill; the Clerk of the
House received $4,320; the Secretary of the
Senate, $4,320; the Chief Clerk of the Senate,
$3,092; two other clerks in the Senate, each,
$2,592; two stenographers of the committees
of the House, each, $4,880; the clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means, $2,592 ; the
clerk of the Committee on Appropriations,
?2,592; clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House, $2,500; Doorkeeper of the House,
$2,592; Chief Clerk and J ournal Clerk of the
House, each$3,000; and forthe arduous duties
which the Librarian of Congress is called npon
to perform he is to receive but about two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
As to the fitness of the Librarian of Congress
for the place he occupies nobody can have a
doubt who is at all acquainted with him. Mr.
Spofford could to-day leave the situation which
he now holds and obtain a much larger com-
pensation in some other place. But he has so
much love for the business, he has such an
enthusiasm and desire to fill properly the place
which he now occupies, that the additional sal-
ary to be obtained in other places has not been
a temptation to him. And from an intimate
knowledge of this officer, and with gome knowl-
edge of his private relations, I can say to the
House that he has hard work to eke out a sup-
port of his family with the sum of $2,500which
he now receives.
There is a provision in this bill which, if it
shall become a law, will save to the Government
annually from four to six thousand dollars. The
Librarian is to collect one d ollar upon each copy-
right. I guaranty that when this becomes his
duly that vigilant officer will collect the fee in
every case. About five thousand copyrights—
the average within two years has been from four
to six thousand—are issued annually. The
fees paid upon the issue of those copyrights are
now received by the clerks of the district courts
where the copyrights are taken out. Although
by law the clerks of those courts are required
to render an account to the Treasury of the
United States, I believe that in all the districts
the judges have allowed the clerks to retain
the fees collected in that way as payment for
their services in that behalf. Now, the pro-
vision of this bill is that all this business shall
be under the supervision of the Librarian of
Congress. The provision in reference to these
fees is a stringent one. If the Librarian is to
be subjected to this arduous duty, and to col-
lect for the benefit of the Treasury from four
to six thousand dollars annually, of which the"
Treasury does not now receive a single cent, I
ask that this officer, whose compensation is
now so small, and who now discharges his duties
with such great efficiency, shall be allowed for
the labors already imposed on him, and those
additional labors to be imposed by this bill, the
sum of $1,000 additional, when he will save
thousands of dollars to the Government annu-
ally. It appears to me that no member of the
House ought to vote against this proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not authorized by the
committee to assent on their behalf to this
amendment; but I see no objection to a vote
of the House upon it, or to its incorporation
as a part of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make an in-
quiry. Is not the present salary of the Libra-
rian $2,500? . ,
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. This bill, while
increasing his salary, imposes additional duties
upon him, and will undoubtedly prove to be a
measure of retrenchment and reform in the
interest of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that if any
salary may properly be increased, that of the
Librarian is certainly such a oue.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer.]
Mr. PALMER. I cheerfully indorse the
statements of the House chairman of_ the Li-
brary Committee. The duties of the Librarian
of Congress compel him to be actively employed
the year round from nine to twelve hours per
day. He is custodian of the largest library in
America, now nearly two hundred thousand
volumes, and must keep constantly catalogued,
collated, labeled, and arranged, additional ae-
' cessions to the number often to twelve thousand
' volumes annually. Beside this, he i3 required
to prepare an annnal catalogue and general
catalogues of the whole Library, both by sub-
jects and authors, involving critical knowledge
of most of the languages of Europe. He is
also required to receipt for copyright books and
other publications to the number of four to five
thousand per year; to notify delinquent pub-
lishers of every omission to seud their public-
ations, involving constant vigilance, ana to be
ready to furnish information to any member
of either House, or to the public. His labors
are increased by this bill, which makes him the ^
responsible register of copyrights for the whole i
country, and places in his charge an additional J
library of copyright works, numbering thirty j
thousand volumes, all of which he must cata- 1
logne and care for. Hia bond is also increased
by the bill to $8,000.
Considering the complex character of his !
office, the salary of $2,592 now paid the Libra-
rian of Congress is inadequate, and far below
the compensation received by officers of either
House whose duties are, in the main, confined
merely to the time of the sessions of Congress.
His is the only considerable office which is
i common to both Houses, and while the salaries
! of the House librarian, short-hand reporters,
' and clerks to committees have been increased
! by special resolution, he has neither.asked nor
' received any increase of salary in his nine
years' service, except the twenty per cent,
voted in 1866 to all the officers of Congress
without distinction. If the bill reported by
the Committee on Patents, amended as pro-
posed by the gentlegjan from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] should pass, the increased salary to
the Librarian would be no tax on the Federal
Treasury, for the amount of copyright fees
secured to the Treasury would exceed by about
.four thousand dollars the amount of the pro-
posed increase. I trust the amendment may
be adopted.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Peters ; and being taken, it was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield to the gentle- .
man from New Jersey, who, I understand, has !
some amendments to offer. ]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have certain aniend- |
ments which I desire to offer. j
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield for the pur- i
pose of hearing what the amendments are. ^
Mr. CLEVELAND. In section seventy-
nine, line three, I move to strikeout the word
"unless" and insert "except in cases where
such trade-mark is claimed for and applied to
articles not manufactured in this country, and
in which;" so that the section will then read :
Sec. 79. Such trade-mark shall remain in foroe for
thirty years ftoftthrtfsre of auch registration, ex-
cept in cases where such trade-mark is claimed tor
and applied to articles not manufactured in tijts
country and in which it reoeives protection Under
the laws of any foreign country for a shorter period,
in which oase it shall cease to have any force in this
country by virtuo of this act, at the sarao time that
it becomes of no effect elsewhere; and during the
period that it remains in foreo it shall entitle the
person, firm, or corporation registering the same
to the exclusive use thereof so far as regards the
description of goods to which it is appropriated in
the statement filed under oath as aforesaid, and no
other person shall lawfullyuso the same trade-marl;,
or substantially the same, or so nearly resembling it
as tn be calculated to dccoivc, upon substantially tbr
pnmo description of goods, &c.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to consider
that amendment as pending.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have another amend-
ment to offer to the same section. Add th«
following proviso :
Provided, That six months prior to the expiration
of said term of thirty years application may be made
for a renewal of such registration, under regulations
to be prescribed by the Commissioner of Patents; and
the fee for such renewal shall be the same as ior the
original registrfltion, and such trade-mark shall re-
main in force ior a further term of thirty years:
Provided further. That nothing in this section shall
bo construed by any court as abridging or in any.
manner affecting unfavorably the claim of any P®JL*
son, firm, corporation, or company to any trade-mark
after the expiration of tho term for which said trade-
mark was registered.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to the gen-
tleman moving that amendment and having it
pending before the House.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope the gentleman's
amendment will be accepted.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I also desire to move
to strike out section seventy, as follows: ,
Sec. 70. On all patents hereafter granted thereA
shall be paid the following additional fees, namely, \
at or before the expiration of the termofsevcil years
from the date of the patent the sum of twenty-five •
dollars, and at or before the expiratioa of the term
of twelve years from the dato of the patent the far- ,
ther sum of fifty dollars; and in default of the pay-
ment of either of the sums aforesaid, within the
periods aforesaid, the said.patent shall be forfeited,
and the invention so patented become public prop-
erty.
The SPEAKER,. ' There are two amend-
ments now pending, and the last motion of the
gentleman from New Jersey, to strike out,
cannot be entertained at this time except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield for the pur-
pose of permitting the latter amendment to be
offered.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then I give notice that
I shall make that motion at the proper time.
I also give notice that at the proper time, in
section eight, which is as follows, I shall move
to strike out the words, "including Patent
Office reports:"
Sec. 8. The Commissioner may send and receive
by mail, free of postage, letters, printed matter.and
packages relating to the business of hisoBice,includ-
ing Patent Office reports.
My amendment proposes to do away with this
franking privilege on the part of the Com-
missioner.
' Mrj STEVENS. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In sec-
tion nineteen, page 7, line eight, I move to add
the words, "by such employes as are appointed
by the Secretary on nomination of the Com-
missioner." It will be observed, and I desire
the attention of the House to it, that this sec-
tion permits the Commissioner to rent as many
rooms as he may deem necessary. _
Mr. JENCKES. That has been stricken out.
The portion referred to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and which has been stricken
out bythe Committee on Patents, is as follows:
The Commissioner may rent, under the direction
of the Committees on Patents of the Senate and
House of Representatives, such rooms as may be
necessary for tho speedy and eonvenienttransaction
of the business of nis office.
The section now reads as follows:
The Commissioner, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, may from time to time
establish rules and regulations, nptmcpns^tentwitn
law, lor the conduct of proceedings in the .Patent
Office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, he
has under him a board of examiners, who are
