1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
be necessary if we cross the canal and take a
line which is not occupied at all. That is the
only difference. It does not interfere with
this great work. .
Besides that, these committees have been
for years talking about this drive and this great
improvement, and every year we are about as
far off from it as we were when we begun. X
have always voted and shall continue to vote
to buy the property about the Capitol neces-
sary to decorate this great building, and I am
surprised that the gentlemen who have charge
of that subject should have let it sleep so long.
I would not bring even this railroad in here in
such a way as to interfere with the beauty of
tbis great city; but we require above all things
another railroad to this District. Passing
through Baltimore now wastes an hour always,
and it takes about one fourth of the whole
expense of going to New York to pass between
this city and Baltimore and over the latter city.
Now, we are compelled, in order to make a
railroad which Bhall be equal to the times, to
make a tunnel through the city of Baltimore
more than a mile and a quarter in length; and
we shall have to tunnel here in some places.
It will require probably two or three years to
finish these tunnels. That is a sort of work
that you know cannot be hurried, Mr. Pres-
ident. The stockholders in this company are
spending their money freely, and by April next
they will have a road from Baltimore here com-
pleted except at the two termini, and their pas-
sengers will be carried from the temporary end
of the road here, wherever it may be, to the
depot at the Center Market, saving money to
everybody who comes here, and saving him
time and adding to his comfort.
This is just one of those objections which, I
am sorry to say, are often made without reflec-
tion. It seems to me that almost every one of
us thinks he ought to say something about
every bill that comes up. If we do not under-
stand the subject we must still make an objec-
tion. I am sure the Senator from Vermont
would not have made the objection he has made
if he understood this matter as well as I do,
and he ought to have faith enough in me to
know that I would not ask him or the Senate
to do that which is not right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know that
the Senator from Pennsylvania is not in the
habit of asking what is not right; but I confess
this strikes me as something new and some-
thing that it is proper for the Committee on
Public Buildings to investigate. The Senator
is mistaken in supposing that he asks nothing
more than to go on to the north bank. The
section provides—
That said company is hereby authorized to adopt
a line in the city of Washington from south Fourth
street curving to the right either to tho north or
south bank of the canal northwestwardly to Virginia
avenue.
I really think we ought to have a little time
to see whether this will interfere with what is
proposed or not, and in relation to the action
of the Senate of the United States the Senator
perhaps has forgotten that the Senate has more
than once, or certainly once—I think twice—
already passed a bill appropriating the two
squares on the east side of the Capitol for
public grounds, with a view to have them prop-
erly decorated and inclosed. So the Senate
and the Committee on Public Buildings have
not been remiss in relation to that subject.
But in relation to this matter it is important
with regard to various propositions that are
now pending. I hope the Senator, therefore,
will not insist upon passing the bill this morn-
ing. Perhaps to-morrow morning we shall have
no sort of objection to it after having fully
investigated the subject.
Mr. CAMERON. I will relieve the mind
of the Senator from Vermont by allowing him
to strike out "either," and simply say that if
they desire it the company shall be allowed to
run the road to the north bank. They have
. the right on the south bank now, and they do
not want anything more in that respect; but it
may be necessary to go to the north bank.
That is all I want.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
bill will go over.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid aside.
currency bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes, and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the first amendment reported
by the Committee of the Whole, which is in sec-
tion one, line three, to strike out" $45,000,000"
and insert " $52,000,000so as to read:
That $52,000,000 in notes for circulation may be
issued to national banking associations in addition
to the $300,000,000 authorized, &o.
When the Senate adjourned yesterday the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was asking
the consent of the Senate to take up first the
amendment in a subsequent section with regard
to the $13,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator who offered
the amendment [Mr. Morton] desires to make
a suggestion.
Mr. MORTON. If I may be allowed a word
of explanation, I propose to make a change in
the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to explain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; let us have
explanations on both sides.
Mr. MORTON. I do not propose to reopen
the debate  ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we ought to have
explanations on both sides if anybody wishes
to explain ; I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks consent to make an explanation.
Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
have it; and I wish for one that it may be under-
stood, as I have always understood these agree-
ments, that where a person offers an amend-
ment he is permitted to state what it is, not to
argue it. I do not wish to vote in the dark.
That used to be the way when we had an under-
standing that we should take a vote at a par-
ticular time; let anybody make a statement in
regard to a matter, but not go into an argu-
ment. I think that is fair all around.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that shall be
the understanding of the Senate the Chair will
so rule.
Mr. MORTON. At the suggestion of the
chairman of the Finance Committee, and as I
understand of a majority of the committee itself,
it is proposed to compromise upon the amend-
ment which I will move to the second amend-
ment I offered yesterday. That amendment
was to take $13,000,000 from the States in
excess and give it to the States who are defi-
cient in currency.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senate will consider first the
amendment in regard to the $13,000,000, to
be found on page 6 of the printed bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Why is that? Let me
understand that before I consent to it.;
The VICE PRESIDENT. Because it is
desired to amend it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Indi-
ana is about to explain in reference to that.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely; but the Chair
puts the question whether objection is to be
made or not. I do not know whether there is
objection or not. I want to know for what
reason the transfer is proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects, and the first amend-
ment in order is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice, which
I have a right to do, that I will myself vote for
an amendment to be proposed by the Senator
from Indiana, to raise the $13,000,000 in sec-
tion seven to $20,000,000 provided this infla-
tion of the currency is abandoned ; and I think
that will meet with general assent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
proposition is to increase the sum of $45,000,-
000 in the first section to $52,000,000. Under
the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois the
Chair thinks the Senator from Indiana can
explain the effect of his suggestion.
Mr. MORTON. I propose to make the
$13,000,000 in the seventh section $20,000,000,
which will make the aggregate amount $05,-
000,000, and if that is adopted, then to drop
the amendment adding $7,000,000 in the first
section, because this will give us an aggregate
of $65,000,000, which was brought about by
the adoption of both amendments yesterday.
This amendment is suggested by the chair-
man of the committee as being more satisfac-
tory, and it will answer our purpose equally
as well, as it gives us the increased amount of
$20,000,000. That is all I desire to say. If
that is adopted I will drop the other amend-
ment adding $7,000,000 in the first section.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I shall keep
within the rule if I explain my remark which
the Chair took as an objection, and I am glad
the Chair did so take it, by saying that I pre-
fer to vote on these amendments in the order
in which they stand, to the end that each
amendment may stand upon its footing, and
every Senator may feel at liberty to vote upon
each as1 It is reached in its order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the chairman of the committee whether the
effect of this now is not, if the amendment shall
be adopted, to remit us to the proposition made
at the last session of taking $20,000,000 of bank
notes from those States which have an excess
and giving it to those that are deficient, and in
addition to that, $45,000,000 more in the shape
of withdrawing three per cent, certificates ?
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely; that is the
effect of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly that is it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator moves to proceed with the considera-
tion of the amendments out of their order the
question will be on them according to parlia-
mentary law in their order; and the first ques-
tion is on the amendment striking out
"$45,000,000" and inserting "$52,000,000"
in the first section.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is in the same section, line nine, to strike out
"four" and insert "three."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was read as proposing
to insert after the word "apportionment," in
line seventeen of section one, the words " of
the circulation herein provided."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is right as read by
the Secretary. It is printed "hereinbefore
provided for."
Mr. CONKLING. What is the difference?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is provision made
for an increase of the circulation in section
seven, so as to bring the whole to $65,000,000.
The whole is to be made on the basis of the
apportionment of 1870; that is the effect of
this. .
Mr. CONKLING. I call the attention of
the Senator merely, and it is not my own sug-
gestion alone, to the question whether either
phraseology, "herein provided for" or ' here-
inbefore provided for," will have the effect cer-
tainly to restrict it to the additional currency
which we are now talking about. Ihe bill
makes mention of the general bank currency ;
and I merely suggest to him whether there be
room if the amount is not to be stated, for the
interpretation that it would or might be held to
extend to the circulation generally. I make
no observation about it myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any doubt
