3800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
ing about taking the vote on another bill. The
Senate agreed when we adjourned yesterday
that we would proceed with the report of the
committee of conference immediately after the
privileged morning business was through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not think
there will be much debate on this.
Mr. SHERMAN. The -Senator from Con-
necticut simply desires to state his objections
to the bill) which is proper enough.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is going to be de-
bated it destroys our understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be subject
to objection at any time.
Mr. FERRY. As I was saying, I think it
will be but the entering-wedge for similar appli-
cations for other institutions of learningin the
different States.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will my friend allow
me to sav a word ?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that there is
already an application from the trustees of
an institution at Gettysburg, asking for a diver-
sion of a large part of the fund remaining of
the Freedmen's Bureau to that institution,
an application similar to this for the Wilber-
force University.
Mr. FERRY. Now, the moneys which are
thus sought to be appropriated for the support
of these institutions are moneys belonging to
the United States. Whether they are derived
from one source or another makes no differ-
ence in point of principle. The principle of
tho bill is the appropriation by Congress of the
moneys of the United States to the support of
institutions of learning of the higher order in
the different States. There is no telling, as I
was remarking, where such applications may
end, and the evil which has already been ex-
perienced in some of the States, particularly
in the State of New York, beginning there
small and insidious, increased now to an
amount actually oppressive to the people,
teaches us a lesson which it seems to me we
ought to regard in the beginning of the appli-
cation of the moneys of the United States to
institutions of this kind. If it be favored upon
the sole ground that the beneficiaries of this
appropriation are colored youth, it strikes me
that such an argument is calculated to be more
injurious to the colored race than any other
argument which can be used in reference to an
appropriation of this kind ; for to argue that
appropriations shall be made for colleges in
the northern States created for the education
of colored youth, but none shall be made for
colleges appropriated to the education of white
youth, is certainly making a distinction which is
invidious, and which will not meet with popular
approbation. But it is mainly because in my
judgment this application, however fair it may
seem to be in itself, is one which will lead to
consequences we should all deprecate, that I
opposed it the other day, and that I hope it
may not pass now. Whenever the question is
taken 1 shall desire at any rate that it be taken
by yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotdesirc
to occupy the time of the Senate for the pur-
pose of debate, but to give a simple statement
of the facts m the case. I think the opposition
to the bill is confined pretty much to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. The fact is, this money
has not been in the Treasury of the United
Stales. It was appropriated in the first in-
stance to the Freedmen's Bureau; and there is
a surplus left, a small portion of which it was
thought by the Committee on Education could
be diverted to this college, where they have
eoloied professors ; and we have petitions from
every Stale in the South stating that tliey pre-
fer that a school of this «ort should be located
in tho North, in order to educate teachers to
go South and teach the colored persons for
whom the whole of this sum is already appro-
priated
„sAJr. FERRY. If the Senator will allow me
to make a remark right there, I remember it
was said the other day that this institution was
for the purpose of educating teachers, a kind
of normal school. Now, sir, there are estab-
lished under the auspices of the Freedmen's
Bureau and by the State authorities in the south-
ern States themselves at this moment forty-one
normal schools, for the purpose of educating
teachers, to whom this money belongs, if to
anybody, and not to this institution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, this is a college of a higher order than a
mere normal school. The Senator from Con-
necticut, a State which has a school system one
of the best in the United States, and superior
colleges, almostuniversities, should be the last
person, it seems to me, to object to the proposi-
tion that is now before the Senate. But I do
not desire to consume time on this subject. I
am perfectly willing to take the vote of the
Senate, and I do not doubt that at least two
thirds of the Senate are in favor of the propo-
sition that is now before the body.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, this sub-
ject was brought before the Committee on
Retrenchment, from whom the bill came, to
transfer the funds of the Freedmen's Bureau
to the Bureau of Education, and they were
unanimously opposed to this diversion of the
funds to the Wilberforce University. At the
same time a proposition was brought before
the committee to transfer a portion of the funds
to the high school at Gettysburg, established
for the education of the orphan children of
soldiers. The committee thought that it was
an improper diversion of the funds coming over
from the Freedmen's Bureau, inasmuch as the
original purpose was to educate the children
of the freedmen, the colored people of the
South, with those funds, and it was the opinion
of the committee that those funds should be
used in giving a common-school education to
the great mass of the children of the colored
people of the South rather than to give a higher
type of education to a few colored people or to
white children. That was the view of the
committee. Teachers in abundance can be
found at the South to educate these colored
people. They come from the North and from
the West and from New England. They are
seeking employment as teachers at the South.
What we want is the means of educating the
colored people of the South in the elementary
branches, to give to them a common-school
education, that they may be fitted for the duties
of life which are devolving and to devolve on
them. That was the opinion of the committee.
I do not wish to extend the discussion. I am
opposed to this diversion of the funds.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word,
and only one word, in reply to what has been
said by the Senator from New Hampshire. I
agree with the idea that this money that is in
possession of the Freedmen's Bureau should
not be diverted from the object to which it was
originally set aside; that is, the education of
the freedmen. But it is now used and has
been used for building little transient school-
houses throughout the South which will fall
to pieces in three years, in nine cases out of
ten, instead of being used for the direct pur-
poses of the education of the freedmen. The
reason for giving this amount to the Wilber-
force University is because that university does
educate colored men and women from the
South, who go there to be educated for the
purpose of returning to teach the children of
their racc. That is the specific reason, and a
very good and sound reason, for giving a part
of this money already appropriated to that
object, instead of using it as it has been used
in the past.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let me ask the Senator
if it is not the fact that a considerable portion
of this fund has been expended in the con-
struction of expensive buildings? We have an
example, perhaps, in the city of Washington ;
and ill the southern States, as I am advised,
thousands upon thousands of dollars of this
fund have been expended in the construction
of more splendid school-houses than the white
children of the North enjoy, as a general rule,
Mr. SAWYER. I know that in seme of
the cities of the South there have been good
and substantial structures built as school-house's
by the aid of the funds of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau ; but where they have been built through
the country they have been bnilt at an ex-
pense of from three to live hundred dollars
apiece, and Senators can judge what sort of
durability such structures will be likely to have.
But this is a fund which is to be used for the
education of the freedmen. The only question
is whether a portion of it shall be diverted to
Wilberforce University, which happens to be
situated in Ohio, in order to have the effect of
it go back to the southern States, as it would
do through the teachers who are educated thcure
and who will go back where the colored people
are to teach the children there, or whether it
shall all be spent on the ground. . There are
some reasons why it is better to have these
colored teachers educated in Ohio, and then
go to the South with certain ideas that they
will get in Ohio, than to have them educated
in the South and then engage as teachers there.
There are some very good reasons for that. If
it were a question of making as  appropriation
from the Treasury of the United States, of
taking money not already appropriated for a
specific purpose, it would be quite another
question ; but it is simply a question of how to
dispose of this balance of something over one
hundred thousand dollars already appropriated,
with its general purpose specified. I am in
favor, therefore, of adopting the report of the
Committee on Education, and voting for this
bill to give $25,000 to this institution, petitions
for which appropriation have come here from
almost every southern State, as well as from
Ohio.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland demands the regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator wili
allow the vote to be taken. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am will-
ing to let a vote be taken.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate witlioutamendment,ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. 1 call for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 85, nays 11; as follows:
i ^ Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Browu-
low, Chandler, Cole. Corbett, Cragitf, Davis, Drake,
i lanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, ilaml in, Har-
lan, Harris, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of V crmont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
iratt, bawyer, Scott, Sherman. Speneer, Sprague,
kumner, Thayer, Tipton, and "Willey-35.
tt —Messrs. .Buckingham, Casserly, Ferry,
Hamilton of Maryland, McCreery, Patterson, lloas,
fealllS^rX'nSt??kton' dickers, and Williams-ll.
ABbliiN P—Messrs. Abbott,Bayard. Cameron, Car-
penter, Cattell,Conklmg. Edmunds, Fenton, Fo wler,
Howard. Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Pool, Ramsey, llevels, Rice, Robertson. Schurz,
ocewart, Ihurman, Trumbull, "Warner* Wilson, and
Yates—26.
So the joint resolution was passed.
^ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT,
Mr. 1 HAYEK. I ask consent of the Senate
that the time for taking the vote on the con-
ference report be extended for the benefit of
our friends on account of the time that has
been consumed in this discussion, say fifteen
or twenty minutes. I presume there will be no
objection.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska asks that fifteen minutes be added
to the time granted by unanimous consent last
evening for the discussion of the conference
report. Js there objection ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that any-
body desires that; but if it is desirable it ought
to be done. I think we had better go on with
the regular order.
