968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
about that—and the doubt, I think, was sua-
fested alone by the Senator from New York
y the amendment he offered yesterday—I hare
no objection to say " the apportionment of the
increased circulation herein provided for.'' I
wish to accommodate the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. EDMUNDS. Put
it in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modifica-
tion will be regarded as agreed to if there be
no objection. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr._ TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
agreeing to that modification, but I am opposed
to the whole amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any difference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
changing the phraseology; but I know no reason
why the new States that get this $45,000,000
should have that redistributed after they have
got it, and taken away from them the next
year, when other States will not have it taken
away from them.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I am allowed to explain
to the Senator from Illinois, the subject-matter
of this section is the $45,000,000 of increased >
circulation. This only provides that the States
in the West that have had a large increase in
population shall in the distribution of this
amount have their population counted on the
basis of the census of 1870. s*
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to ask a question in order that
I may understand what we are voting on?
Suppose the State of Illinois has $1,000,000
of this $45,000,000 alloted to it in 1870, the
present year. Now, I want to know if by his
amendment, when the census is taken next
year, that $1,000,000 of the State of Illinois
is to be redistributed and to go to Iowa and
Nebraska and Kansas, and we are not to have
a redistribution of the banking capital in Mas-
sachusetts, Connecticut, and other States?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The whole
thing is idle; because this census of 1870 will
be completed so far as the population is con-
cerned in July, by the terms of the existing
law, and in regard to business resources by
October; so that long before this $45,000,000
can by any reasonable possibility be exhausted
after the passage of this act the new census
will come in, and then the distribution of this
$65,000,000 will be upon the basis of the ap-
-portioOment of 1870 instead of the apportion-
ment of 1860. That is the only difference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole as amended, now reading,
''but a_ new apportionment of the increased
circulation herein provided for shall, be made
As soon as practicable, based upon the census
of 1870."
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
three, the following:
Ssp. 3, And be it further enacted. That after the
expiration of six months from the passage of this
act any banking association located in any State
having more than its proportion of circulation may
do removed to any State having less than its propor-
tion ofcirculation, under such rules and regulations
{g® Comptroller of the Currency, with the approv al
of the Secretary of the Treasury, may require* Pro-
vtaea. That the amount of the issue of said banks
shall not be deducted from the amount of new issue
provided for in this act.
Mr. NORTON. On that I ask for the yeas
fcnd nays.
The yeas and nays ware ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 43, nays 20 ; as follows s
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Browti-
Oaborn.Pomtnroy.Pwl. Pratt, Ramsey, Kief', Robert-
"r' &?hura, ScQtt, Sherman, Sp*noer,
v.Vu v?',i3toclitfln.Thayer, Ihurmiui.Tipton, Truiu-
War' cr. Willey, and William!,—J3.
rnnWiin. -Vlesflrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Hamiifii Tra^IP* Kdmunds, jTenton, .Ferry.
Hamilton, Hamhn, McCreery, McDonald* Morrill o^
Vermont, -Norton, Nye. Patterson, Sauisbury, Sum-
ner, and Wilson—20. _
, ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Fowler, Sprague,
and Yates—5.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was, in section three,
now made section four, line eight, after the
word '' dollars,'' to strike out the words'' equal
in amount to ninety per cent, of the gold
value of the bonds deposited, but not exceeding
eighty per cent, of their par value," and to
insert "not exceeding in amount eighty per
cent, of the par value of the bonds deposited
so that the section will read:
SBC. [3] 4. And be it further enacted. That upon the
deposit of any United States bonds, bearing interest
payable in gold, with the Treasurer of the United
States in the manner prescribed in the nineteenth
and twentieth sections of thenational currency act,
it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Currency
to issue to the association making the same cir-
culating notes of different denominations not less
than five dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty
per cent, of the par value of the bonds deposited,
! which notes shall bear upon their face the promise
of the association to which they are issued to pay
them upon presentation at the office of the asso-
j oiation in gold or silver coin of the United States,
and shall be redeemable upon such presentation in
! such coin.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it is in order now I
| should like to move an amendment to that
; amendment. Perhaps the adoption of that
| amendment will not prevent my asking that the
I matter struck out in committee maybe restored
< in the Senate hereafter. I wish to restore what
was stricken out. That is not inconsistent,
however, with the adoption of this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can now move to amend the amendment in
regard to the words sought to be stricken out
and the words sought to be inserted; but after
these words are stricken out they cannot be
reinstated in the same precise form except with
something additional.
| Mr. NORTON. If the Senate refuse to con-
: cur in the amendment made in Committee of
i the Whole it leaves the bill as it stood origin-
1 ally.
i The .VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. NORTON. So that the object of the
Senator from California will be accomplished
in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to avoid the influ-
ence that a vote in committee always has in the
Senate in respect to an amendment, and I
would prefer, if it be in order, to move now, by
way of amendment to the amendment of the
! committee, to restore the words struck out in
committee, and for obvious reasons. Consid-
! ering the violent fluctuations between gold and
j paper, and considering also that the period of
! fluctuation is always precisely the time when
j there is certain to be the most dangerous run
i upon these banks, I think, with great respect,
; the committee in striking out this whole clause
has taken away the only substantial security in
I that part of the bill.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
II state to the Senator from California, if he
|; understands his desire, that he will attain it
I as the Senator from Minnesota has suggested,
by voting in the negative on concurring in this
I amendment made in Committee of the Whole.
I _ Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that; but
if the amendment that I propose be in order
I should prefer it in that way. If it is not, of
! course I shall not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not be,
in the opinion of the Chair.
! Mr. CASSERLY. My proposition, if the
Chair will allow me to state it, is to amend
; the amendment by, adding to it the matter
i which was Struck out in committee, and then
; it will practically read as it stood before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Chair
whether that proposition would be in order ?
It would only be the converse of the vote we
are now about to take.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair
exactly understands the amendment it would
, not be in order ; but the Chair is not certain
ii that he understands it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, on the statement
of the Senator, it would not bo in order
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California desires the bill to stand as it
was printed when in Committee of the Whole
then the only way by which ho can attain that
is by voting to non-concur in the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole by which
that provision was changed. That will restore
it to the form in which it stood originally.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose a word of
explanation is proper. I will simply gay that
this amendment was made at the suggestion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to avoid the
complication of his accounts. I presume it is
immaterial whether you fix a gold value or a
value in currency; but one or the other ought
to be fixed.
Mr. CASSERLY. In reply to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Oregon I will say that
the question of the accounts in the Department
is not so paramount in its importance that it
ought to regulate our action upon a subject of
this moment. I think it must be the expe-
rience of all Senators that there is a natural
disposition in the Departments to place the
convenience of their accounts beyond almost
every other political or earthly consideration
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole to this section.
Mr. NORTON and Mr. CASSERLY called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 44, nays 13 ;
as follows:
, YEAS—Messrs.Abbott, Anthony,Boreman.Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Kellogg'
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye.Osborn',
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Speneer, Stew-
art, Sumner. Thay.r, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly,
Davis, Hamilton, Howe, McCreery, McDonald, Nor-
ton, Sauisbury, Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. C&ttell, Cra<gin, Drake, Fowler,
Johnston, Lewis, Morton, Pool, Ross, Sprague, and
Yates—11.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to offer
a new amendment to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage
of the Senate the amendments reported by the
Committee of the Whole are first considered,
so that the bill shall be perfected. Several Sen-
ators desire to offer amendments afterward.
The Secretary will report the next two amend-
ments made iu Committee of the Whole, which
are merely verbal in their character.
The next amendments were in section four,
now made section five, line three, after the
word " section," to strike out the word "three"
and insert the word "fourand in line seven,
before the word " banking," to insert the word
" such;" so that the section will read:
Sec. [41 5. And be it further enacted. That every
national banking association formed under the pro-
visions of section four of this act sh all at all times keep
on hand _ not less than twenty-five per eent. of its
outstanding circulation in gold or silver ooin of the
United States, and shall receive at par in the pay-
ment of debts the gold notes of every other such
banking association whieh at the time of such pay-
ments shall be redeeming its circulating notes in
gold or silver coin of the United States.
The amendments were concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert as section
seven the following:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That to secure a
better distribution of the national banking currency,
there may be issued circulation notes to banking
associations organized inStatesand Territorieshav-
ioK a legs banking circulation than their pro rata
share as herein set forth. And the circulation in this
section authorized shall within one year, if requirtd,
be withdrawn, as herein provided, from banks organ-
ized in States having a circulation exceeding tbat
provided for by the act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled *An acttoprovidefor.inatioiui b.ink-
ing currency secured by pledge of United Staffs
bonds and toprovideforthecirculai'onar.d redemp-
tion thereof,'" approved Al.trch 3, ISoo; l ut 'ue
nmountto besowithdrawn shall not exceed
000. The Comptroller of the Currency ? all, uiui r
the direction of the Secretary ot the Treasury, make .
a statement showing theamount of circulation in each
