1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 12,
of that Government which they had sworn to
support. So far it was perhaps a wise measure
demanded by the exigencies of the times; but,
sir, where are the leaders of the rebellion who
were wont to plot treason in the national capital
and argue the right of secession in the Halls of
Congress? Many of them have fallen victims
to their mad ambition and sleep in bloody
graves—
" Unwept, unhonored, and unsung."
Those who remain lead the lives of crushed,
disheartened men, whose ambition is extin-
guished, and whose only wish is to pass the
remnant of their days in quiet retirement.
Sir, we have nothing to fear from these men.
The people of the South, tricked, duped, and
deserted by them once, liave learned a lesson
written in blood, and will not be likely again
to elevate them to place and power. Now
that the crack of the slave-driver's whip, re-
sounding alike over the white and the black,
is no longer heard; now that we enjoy liberty
of speech and a free press, our people are not
likely again to become the tools of designing
demagogues. Upon this ground the necessity
for continuing these disabilities has passed
away, and I believe that their continuance will
result in no good. Where all have the right to
vote a candidate to carry out the will of the
people can easily bo found; and the knowledge
that he is laboring under political disabilities,
eating like a canker into the heart of many a
repentant rebel, may work infinite harm which
their repeal would avert.
It has been stated upon this floor that the
people of tho South are to-day as thoroughly
disloyal as at any time during the war, that
they drink in treason with their mothers' milk,
and are taught upon their fathers' knees to
copy the example of the infant Hannibal and
swear eternal hatred to the Yankees and the
Government of the United States.
I know not how it may be elsewhere, but iu
my own State and district the masses of the
people are thoroughly reconstructed, and noth-
ing is further from their minds than any idea
of again lifting their hands against our com-
mon Government. And even wore it other-
wise, I find no reason for continuing these dis-
abilities. No Government in the world, sir,
ever reaped aught but disadvantage from per-
petuating anything like class legislation, or
distinction before the laws. Why, sir, it was
to wipe out such distinctions that Congress
recommended the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment. It was such unequal legislation
that forced our forefathers into the Revolu-
tion and lost to Great Britain her fairest colo-
nial domain. Look, sir, at the condition of
Ireland for the last hundred years and inquire
into the cause of all her troubles, and you will
find class legislation to bo tho root of the whole
matter.
On the ground of exact justico perhaps we
might not only have imposed these disabilities,
but meted out much harsher measures to those
engaged in rebellion. Wo might have repeated
the "bloody assize," if a monster to play the
rdle of Jeffreys, with an army of hangmen to do
his bidding, could have been found. We might
have adopted the idea of an honorable Senator
from Tennessee, and, having ravaged the south-
ern States with fire and sword, divided their
lands among our soldiers, and still not have
overstepped the bounds of justice; but whore
is the madman who would advocate such a
policy to-day? We have been magnanimous;
can we not afford to be generous?
Tho tottering^ Governments of Europe, in
punishing acts of rebellion by death, imprison-
ment, or banishment, have deprived their coun-
tries of the services of valuable citizens, and
have universally aggravated the disorders which
tliey sought by such harsh measures to quell.
To tho honor of our country be it said that no
such policy has prevailed. Strong in the belief
that our institutions are fixed upon too firm a
basis to be overthrown by any possible machi-
nations of disarmed and conquered leaders
of rebellion, we forbore to punish ; and even
those who fled, fearing that retribution which
they felt was deserved, have returned, quietly
to resume their duties as citizens. _ But one
act remains necessary to complete this sublime
policy; let us remove all disabilities and dis-
tinctions before the law,_ and by so doing
strengthen the support which the people of the
South now give to the Government, and con-
vince them that it is our intention to obliterate,
as far as,possible, all memories of our late dis-
sension, and to receive them into the full com-
munion of the citizenship of our great and glo-
rious Eepublic.
Again, sir, I urge that these disabilities be
removed upon the ground that the people of
the South who were thoroughly and uncom-
promisingly loyal during the war desire and
request it.
In the State which I have the honor to rep-
resent there is a strong feeling in this direc-
tion. Two years since her citizens met in
convention, framed a State constitution, rati-
fied the fourteenth amendment, and were ad-
mitted to the Union. In this constitution a
certain class was deprived of the elective fran-
chise, but a provisionary clause, delegating to
the Legislature the power of repealing this pro-
hibition, showed that the framers of the consti-
tution intended that it should be.temporary
only, and in 1868 these disabilities being by the
Legislature removed, all men, without regard to
race, color, or previous condition, now enjoy
an equal right to vote and hold office. The result
has proved the wisdom of this act by largely
increased majorities in favor of the party of
progress.
Those men of the South who suffered most
during the war on account of loyalty to the
Government; whose property was seized by
confederate and State authorities ; who were
subjected to every indignity, and in many cases
were compelled to flee for their lives, leaving
their wives and children to the tender mercies
of their enemies—these men, ready to forget
the past, ask us through their legislative repre-
sentatives to wipe out all distinctions between
them and their late enemies. A still stronger
appeal for the passage of this measure comes
from the late slaves, now citizen-freemen. If
they can forget a lifetime of slavery, with all
its wrongs and indignities ; if they are willing
to erase tho dark record of stolen labor, and
the groans, the sweat, the tears, the bloody
stripes of bondage ; if these men can afford to
be generous, and exercise the divine qualities
of mercy and forgiveness, is it for gentlemen
upon this floor to say them nay ? Sir, express-
ing the almost unanimous sentiment of my own
State, and, as 1 believe, the sentiment of most,
if not all of the southern States, I urge the
removal of these disabilities.
Again, sir, I urge this measure upon Congress
because a continuance of these disabilities is
working injustice to a large class of worthy
citizens, faithful throughout the war. These
men, rather than take up arms against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, so far compro-
mised themselves as to accept some petty office
under the confederate authorities. By no other
means could they escape being dragged into the
ranks of rebellion under the acts of conscription.
They yielded no jot or tittle of their loyalty
iu so doing, and in reality gave neither aid nor
comfort to the rebellion thereby, but unfortu-
nately come within the letter of the disabling
clause, and are prevented from taking part in
that Government which they love so well and
for which they have suffered so much. On the
other hand, large numbers of those engaged in
active and armed hostility to the Government,
leaders in rebellion, and f'omenters of treason,
have been made subjects of executive clem-
oncy, and are thereby relieved of all their dis-
abilities.
I believe, sir, that the majority of the pro-
scribed class are true loyal men, many of them
Republicans, men of integrity and experience,
men whose influence we cannot afford to dis-
pense with ; and I ask gentlemen, is it just, is
it right, is it politic that we continue longer in
force a law so unequal in its workings and so
powerless for good, so utterly ineffectual in
preventing disorders and so likely to increase
rancor and bitterness? In the name of our
common humanity, in the name of our re-
united Republic, in the name of republican-
ism, I answer, no. "But," perhaps gentlemen
will reply, ''you have disorders in^ your sec-
tion ; an organization known as Kuklux has
not yet been entirely suppressed. " True, we
have had disorders, and ruffianism has dis-
played itself; but where can a community free
from them be found? And what nation or
section could emerge from such a conflict as
that upon which the South entered but nine
years ago with so little of tumult as has dis-
played itself within our borders? And even
were it otherwise, even if discord ran riot
through our land, of what effect would a
continuance of this disenfranchisement prove ?
Plainly none. Powerless for good, potent for
evil is this clause as ingrafted upon our Con-
stitution. No gentleman giving it careful con-
sideration can fail to see the correctness of
this position.
Sir, the Forty-First Congress will have for-
feited its opportunity and proven recreant to
its duty if it fail to adopt the measure which I
now urge. Side by side with those of the Thirty-
Eighth, Thirty-Ninth, and Fortieth Congresses
shall its name and record be written on the
page of history as the framerof a wise, a just,
a politic measure, if indeed it prove equal to
the requirements of the hour and strike from
the fundamental law of our land this obnoxious
prohibition. Let us remember that the dark
hour of the nation's peril is oyer and past,
and the faint auroral glimmerings of returning
peace and good will, feared by many to be the
ignis fatuus of too sanguine hope, are bright-
ening into the full and glorious day. Thesun of
liberty rising, undimmed by a single cloud,
carries warmth and cheering to every inhabit-
ant of our glorious land. In the light of his
rays let us forget and obliterate all recollection
of the dark night which so long hung heavy
about us, and laying aside every weight, let us
press forward iu that grand career to which,
aa citizens of the American Republic, destiny
has appointed us. To this end, and that we
may give to the world a renewed example of
the stability of our institutions and the benefi-
cence of our Government, I ask gentlemen to
unite with me in the passage of a measure which
is supported by every principle which can
appeal to us as Representatives of the people
of the United States.
Mr. STONE obtained the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I would like to have the
gentleman yield to me for five or ten minutes.
Mr. STONE, f will do so.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cobviix.)
For what length of time does the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. STONE. I will yield to the gentleman
such time as ho may want.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
purpose when I came here this morning to say
anything. But having listened to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Buckley] with a great deal
of pleasure, I feel that I ought to say something
touching the cause for which he so eloquently
pleaded—the cause of the people with whom it
was my good fortune to be born and reared.
I have in my place on this tloor, and also pri-
vately with members of this House, attempted
to get them iu some way to have a just appre-
ciation of the situation of affairs in the section
where I live, and I may say throughout the
South. I have been frequently met with sym-
pathy ; I have frequently been met by that
great Christian heart which feels for the afflic-
tions and the distresses of our race. But, on
the other hand, I have met those whose hearts,
it seemed to mo, were steeped in bitterness
and in malice and in hate. To the. one side I
have leaned for support; from the other I hare
