1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3801
Mr. HAMLIN. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is it understood that the
special order is to he taken up now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1293) to enforce the right of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of this Union, who have hitherto been denied
that right on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, when I
gave way for an adjournment yesterday 1 was
speaking of the objection raised by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.] That
was an objection to the reception by the Sen-
ate of the report of the conference committee.
The ground of the objection was that the com-
mittee had considered matter not included
within its powers, and had introduced it into
the bill as it passed the Senate. I undertook
to show that the report of the committee added
to the bill three entirely new sections. The first
of those sections 1 contended was distinctly new
matter. I took that position because that sec-
tion introduced, not merely a new subject, but
a subject which carried with it an entirely new
principle of the law of evidence, and which to
that extent, and by the necessary operation of
the section itself, made an entire and vital
change in the law of voting by ballot, as un-
derstood and practiced throughout the United
States from the foundation of the Government.
My argument was, very briefly stated, this:
that when either House of Congress passes a
bill, that bill is, so far as that House is con-
cerned, a perfect, complete act of legislation ;
it deals with the whole subject-matter proper
to be dealt with at that time in the judgment
of the House; it covers the whole ground;
and whenever, as in this case, there are two
bills, one of which has passed one House and
the other has passed the other House, the same
remarks and the same reasoning apply of course
to each bill. Consequently the result must be
that a conference committee, which is a com-
mittee upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, neither more nor less, is confined in
its jurisdiction to the adoption substantially of
one bill or the other. Why so? Because itis
upon that point that the two Houses have dis-
agreed. The Senate in this case savin effect,
"This is our bill; this is the law as we think
it ought to be, and as we mean to have it."
The House of Representatives of course takes
precisely the. same ground in regard to its
bill. The only question that here can arise is
whether there is a substantial variance, whether
there is a substantive excess of power in the
conference. In this case the question with them
is less difficult. The House bill was acoherent,
harmonious, and to a great extent logical Lull.
It dealt with a single subject and with a single
aspect of that subject, or substantially so ; that
is to sax., it dealt with the enforcement of the
right to vote under the fifteenth amendment,
and, as I read the bill, dealt with it as well in
respect to persons of color as to white per-
sons. The Senate bill, however, took a far
wider range. It dealt with the whole subject
of voting, including the subject of voting at
congressional elections. It dealt with the
whole subject of registration in the States so far
as it affected the general principles of the bill.
It dealt with the whole subject of frauds at
elections or in the registration. I confine my-
self to these features ot'the Senate bill ; they
are sufficient to show what the intention of that
bill was, how broad it was. I argue from
that, and it seems to me with great force, that
it was not admissible for the conference com-
mittee to introduce anything by way of addi-
tion to that bill which was substantially new
matter. The Senate had intended to deal with
the whole subject; it had intended to leave
nothing which was not regulated and disposed
of by its measure. It seems to mo that nothing
can be more plain than the position that the
section which undertakes to establish a new
rule of evidence, and which does thereby inev-
itably impair the secrecy of the ballot, does
bring into the bill new matter in the strongest
sense of the word.
I do not think that it is sufficient that under
some latitudinarian construction the added
matter may be deemed to be germane to the
bill. I think it is enough for my purpose if it
is matter that introduces substantially a new
element of legislation into the bill. Of course
it was admissible to take the sections of the
Senate bill and amend them by such changes
as did not entirely alter the structure and mean-
ing of a particular section. I agree to that;
and the last two sections added by the confer-
ence committee are within that rule; and they
illustrate the distinction that I desire to bring
to the attention of the Senate. They are sim-
ply amendments to certain provisions of the
Senate bill. They tend not to introduce a new
subject into those provisions, not to add entirely
separate, novel, substantive matter, but to in-
crease their efficiency, I will assume, or to
modify their operation. None of those remarks
apply to section twenty-one, a section added
for the first time by the conference committee,
which creates a presumption of law that where
members of Congress are voted for on the same
ticket with State, county, municipal, or local
officers, the fact that a man has voted such a
ticket shall be sufficient to establish against
him in proof that he had also voted for the
member of Congress. I say that is a section
which not only introduces newnatter, butrevo-
lutionizes the old law of evidence in the courts
and revolutionizes the old law of the country
in reference to the secret ballot. Is that not
new matter? It seems to me that if it is
within the power of a conference committee
to bring such an element as that into a bill in
this situation, then there is no limit as to its
power. I understand, of course, how much
this whole subject is a matter of unwritten law
and of usage in the Senate. I understand,
also, how difficult it is to argue against any-
thing that is done by a conference commit-
tee. The question upon it is yes or no ; there
is no amending it; we have to take it for better
or worse, or we have to reject it; and when
there is great party feeling excited in refer-
ence to a bill in question, and a great party
pressure is supposed to exist for its passage, I
understand that a man might nearly as well
undertake to rowagainst the stream of Niagara,
just before it passes over the cataract, as to
undertake to argue that anything a committee
of conference does is irregular, or much more,
inadmissible. But something is due to the
proprieties of legislation ; something is due to
the necessity under which, for the very reasons
I have mentioned, it is most urgent that com-
mittees of conference shall be kept within
proper limits.
I think, Mr. President, that the objection of
the Senator from Delaware was well taken to
the report, for the reasons which I have stated
to day, and which I undertook to state yester-
day. I hope upon that ground the report will
not be received.
I desiie very much to say something, not at
great length, upon the provisions purporting
to enforce the fourteenth amendment; and I
desire to do so because they are provisions
which greatly affect the interests and the feel-
ings of the people of the State who sent me
here. I desire it because, unfortunately, from
circumstances already sufficiently discussed, I
had no opportunity of doing so while the hill
was on its passage through the Senate ; that is
to say, my understanding of the subject-matter
before the Senate was such as to prevent any
idea on my part that such provisions were in
the hill; and hence, of course, it would not
have been proper for me then to discuss them.
But, sir, there are gentlemen among my polit-
ical associates on this side who have not had the
opportunity of addressing the Senate upon the
Senate bill or any part of it, and to whom lam
very desirous to extend, so far as I can, all the
facilities necessary to enable them to do so
to-day ; and for that purpose, while I am very
desirous before the debate is closed by the !
Senator from Nevada to say something of the
provisions regarding the fourteenth amend- •
rnent, I propose at present to yield to the Sen-
ators from Delaware, whichever one of them
shall first desire to take the floor.
Mr. BAYARD rose.
Mr. WILLIA MS. I wish to ascertain whether
this is the conclusion of the speech of the Sen-
ator from California or not, so that there may
be no controversy about it hereafter.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no question
before the Senate at present but one that I
am aware of, and that is the objection of the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sjvclsbttby] that
the report of the conference committee trans-
cended its powers, and ought not be received.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a point of order
which ought to be decided at once without
debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not understand it
to be precisely a point of order.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The present occu-
pant was not in the chair yesterday afternoon ;
the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
was occupying the chair temporarily ; but the
Chair observes by reading the Globe that this
point was made and discussed and laid aside,
and remade, but not decided; the decision
was not pressed. If the point of order is good
the debate must terminate, asamatter of course.
If the point of order is not good, the debate
continues. The Chair does not know, from the
remarks of the Senator, whether he makes the
point or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have
about five minutes to state all I have to say
in answer to the Senator from Oregon, and to
state my own position as to this debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California makes the point, then the de-
bate must be arrested until the point is decided.
If he does not make the point, general debate
is in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. My position is : it will be
for the Presiding Officer to determine whether
it is in the nature of an objection, or whether
it is in the nature of a point of order, that this
report transcends the powers of the committee
of conference. I do not understand that to be
a point of order, and it was not suggested yes-
terday that debate was out of order upon that
subject, as it would have been had it been a
point of order. I regard it as an objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator, then, as making this objec-
tion in the nature of an argument?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a proper
objection in the nature of an argument; that
is, to the Senate, as to whether they will or
will not agree to the report. It is not a mat-
ter to be decided by the Chair, as now stated.
Mr. CASSERLY'. The very first question,
as I understand, is whether the report will be
received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report has
been received and debated; but if the Senator
makes the point that it is not a legitimate re-
port, then the Chair must decide whether it is
or is not, subject to an appeal to the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. The report having been
received, then the objection is that it ought
not to be adopted by the action of the Senate
on the ground which I have mentioned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If the Senator-
states that as an argument, it is an argument ~
applying to his brother Senators.^ If he makes
it as a parliamentary point, it is a question
which the Chair must decide. If he argues
simply that the conference committee have in-
corporated too much matter in the conference
report, and that therefore the Senate should
not agree to it, that is a matter for the Senate
