1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2857
this aection altogether. It is entirely new mat-
ter, and altogether unnecessary for the enforce-
ment of the patent laws.
Section seventy-nine of this bill is in rela-
tion to trade-marks. The Committee on Pat-
ents have very wisely, it seems to me, intro-
duced new matter under the head of " trade-
marks. '' Trade-marks are but little understood
in this or in any other country by other than
the particular persons interested in the estab-
lishment of trade-marks. Their value is really
not generally appreciated by the community at
large. It is only of late years that the courts
have been inclined to construe liberally the
common law, under which the right is now
claimed to establish trade-marks upon manu-
factured articles. It is not very many years
back  *
Mr. STEVENS. How long time does the
gentleman desire upon this subject?
Mr. CLEVELAND. Not many minutes
more.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentle-
man to say that he wanted but a few minutes
in all. There are other gentlemen who desire
to be heard, and I will have to claim the floor
soon under the arrangement which has been
agreed upon.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Let me have three
minutes more.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 will have to leave the
line of argument I had begun, and confine my-
self to the amendment I have offered.
Mr. MYERS. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed ten minutes more..
Mr. STEVENS. I do not desire to restrict
the gentleman unnecessarily.
Mr. MYERS. There is no hurry about the
matter.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will ask for ten min-
utes more.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is only within a few
years that the courts of any country have been
inclined to construe liberally the common law
in regard to trade-marks. Only a few years
since the highest court in England decided that
the practice of establishing trade-marks was
a practice promotive of monopolies in trade ;
tut of late years a more libeial view has ob-
tained in the courts both of England and of
this country, and the courts are now inclined
to construe the common law so as to protect
;rade-maika for the good of the public itself,
as well as in behalf of manufacturers and those
persons who are engaged in trade.
It is claimed, and justly claimed, that in the
protection of trade marks the courts are pro-
tecting the common people, people who are
not expert in the purchase of the articles they
need. A trade-mark is not necessarily a par-
ticular mark placed upon the article manu-
factured. It may be merely the maker's name
put upon the article, or a distinctive label, so
that those who want to purchase an article of
a particular manufacture may be able to iden-
tify it and get the genuine article. Without
such protection, the purchaser is constantly
liable to be misled, unless he is able to exam-
ine as an expert every article that he may
desire for personal or household use or for
manufacturing purposes. But under the com
mon law of trade-marks, as now construed by
the courts, the public is protected. When
you purchase an article under a given name
or with a particular mark, you may be certain
that the article is what it purports to be, unless
some one has ventured to put upon the market
an imitation, the sale of which the courts will
stop when the matter is brought to their atten-
tion.
Within the last few years the courts of Eng-
land and of this country have gone still fur-
ther, and have so construed the law as to pro-
tect manufacturers as well as the public. This
is a great advance upon the position occupied
by the courts only a few years ago. Following
the direction indicated by these liberal con-
structions of the courts, this bill proposes to
extend and enlarge the protection afforded to
manufacturers. It provides a method by which
a manufacturer may register his trade-mark
for a given term. In section seventy-nine the
committee have provided for the registration
of trade-marks, which registration is to con-
tinue in force for thirty years. I presume the
committee would have fixed a much longer
term but for the provision of the Constitution
that protection of this kind shall be granted
only for a limited period. My amendment
provides that at the expiration of the first term
of thirty years the registration may be renewed,
so as to extend over a second term of thirty
years; and it is further provided that the man-
ufacturer shall not lose his protection under
the common law in consequence of the expira-
tion of those two terms ot thirty years each.
This bill contains other important provisions
which I have not time to discuss at length.
In section eighty there are some important
provisions which I hope the House will exam-
ine carefully before they are voted upon. It
is well known that laws of this character, while
intended to be liberal and to extend privileges,
may be in fact restrictive, and may defeat by
injudicious phraseology the very objects they
seek to promote. I am afraid some of the
provisions of this bill are not broad enough;
and as to some I think the bill would have been
better if they had not been introduced; but as
the committee, after thorough examination of
the subject, have deemed them necessary, I
am willing to acquiesce in the judgment of the
committee.
I shall move to insert after the word '' ob-
tain," in line nine of section seventy-eight,
the word "special;" so that the phrase will
read, "for exclusive use within the United
States may obtain special protection for such
lawful trade-marks." This bill makes the
Commissioner of Patents a judge. He is to
determine very important questions. He is
to decide what are and what are not trade-
marks. After he has decided that a mark
embraced in a particular application " is not
and cannot become a lawful trade-mark" ac-
cording to the language of this bill, a shade
may thereby be cast over it in the courts when
the manufacturer afterward seeks to sustain
his claim under the common law. This diffi-
culty is perhaps unavoidable. I have sub-
mitted to the committee a suggestion designed
to obviate it; but the committee see no way
out of the difficulty. The bill provides:
The Commissioner of Patents shall not receive
and record any proposed trade-mark which is not
and cannot become a lawful trade-mark, or which
is merely the name of a person, firm, or corporation
only, unaccompanied by a mark sufficient to distin-
guish it from the same name when used by other
persons, or which is identical with a trade-mark
appropriate to the same olass of merchandise and
belonging to a different owner, and already regis-
tered or received for registration, or which so nearly
resembles such last-mentioned trade-mark as to be
likely to deceive the public.
Now, the names of persons and corporations
are trade-marks, and the Commissioner of Pat-
ents cannot by any decision of his prevent
them from becoming trade-marks. They are
acknowledged as trade-marks everywhere so
far as I can ascertain. They have been recently
acknowledged as trade-marks in France. They
have also been acknowledged as trade-marks
in England. But by this provision the Com-
missioner of Patents may cast a shad* upon
trade-marks to which these people are legally
entitled, and to which their claims have always
been recognized. I do not think, however,
that this provision will accomplish the purpose
of the Committee on Patents.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] expresses his approval
of the provisions reported by the Committee
on Patents in favor of the recognition of trade-
marks, and I am glad to have his support.
To the amendments which he has proposed to
the seventy-ninth section I see no objection,
and if there be no objection from any other
quarter, I trust by unanimous consent they
may be considered as adopted.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the two amendments proposed by the gentle-
man from New Jersey to the seventy-ninth
section will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection; and the amendments
were accordingly agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. Now, in regard to the sev-
entieth section, which my friend from New
Jersey proposes to strike out, providing for
additional fees, I have only to say it is a fair
subject for difference of opinion. The com-
mittee recommended this section and ingrafted
it into the bill, because from all the inform-
ation before them they deemed it necessary.
It was intended for the purpose of preventing
the reissue of useless patents as they die out.
There is no great hardship in any man who has
a useful invention at the expiration of seven
years being asked to pay into the Treasury a
fee of twenty-five dollars, and at the end of
twelve years a fee of fifty dollars. It will in-
crease the revenue of the Patent Office, besides
saving us from the reissue of useless patents.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question,
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Does the Patent Office
need these fees ?
Mr. JENCKES. It does not now: but it
may hereafter. The expenses of the Depart-
ment increase as the business increases. It
does not really impose any additional burden
upon the poor inventor, as it will come upon
the manufacturer who is working under the
patent after the value of the invention has been
developed. But I will submit to a vote of
the House whether the amendment shall be
adopted or not.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I understand the Patent
Office is now not only a self-sustaining institu-
tion, but has a surplhs of $100,000. This being
so, I ask whether it is not wrong on our part
to impose additional burdens upon poor invent-
ors in procuring their patents?
Mr. JENCKES. That is another thing. If
we were acting on that subject now the com-
mittee would favor a reduction of the expenses
in making the original application for a patent.
That, however, is now pending before the Com-
mittee on Patents, ana it will be time enough
to consider it when it comes before the House.
Section eight, to which the gentleman from
New Jersey has made objection, in reference to
the franking privilege, is preserved in the bill
because it is the existing law. If the bill that
passed the House for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege becomes a law then this will have
no effect; and I therefore suggest to the gen-
tleman not to insist on his amendment to that
section.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Under this provision
cannot the Commissioner of Patents distribute
the whole of the Patent Office reports ?
Mr. JENCKES. You may do so now under
the existing law, and I hope he will do so
before the franking privilege is abolished, so
that they may lie distributed and placed where
they will be of advantage.
Mr. STEVENS. As the morning hour has
. nearly expired I do not propose to take any
further action now, but will let the bill go over
antil to-morrow.
The morning hour having expired, the bill
went over.
speaker's table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table, in order that
we may take up and non-concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the censns bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. i object to going to the
