1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4745
is just so here ; the gentleman by this measure,
instead of giving them power for self-protec-
tion and real representation in this House,
enlarges the power of the men who wrong and
oppress them. I yield now for a moment to
thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflin.]
Mr. LAFLTN. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Judd] one question,
contained in a single sentence. Did not this
House, on January 18, 1870, after a full dis-
cussion and in a full House, defeat a bill of a
character like this by a vote of 04 to 104 ; and
did it not afterward, on April 18, 1870, in a
thin House, without notice, without discussion,
after the same had been privately engrossed,
and contrary to all precedent, pass such a bill
by SO to 8-1, and does he caii this proper, delib-
erate, manly legislation ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. JUDD. I would like to reply to that
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have not put any ques-
tion to the gentleman.
Mr. JUDD. No; but you allowed the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Laili.n] to read
a question addressed to me, and I desire to
answer it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. At present I yield to the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman if hecon-
siders it fair to allow the gentleman from New
York to get up and read a question directed to
me personally, and then refuse me an oppor-
tunity to answer it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not hear the ques-
tion ; a gentleman was talking to me at the
time.
Mr. JUDD. I did: he read it to me.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Waita moment: I have
the floor. I did not hear what the gentleman
from New York was saying, or whether he put
iiuy question or not : but there is no courtesy
due from me to the gentleman from Illinois,
who after he was voted down on the previous
question this morning still got the floor and
parceled it out to the friends of this bill,
yielding no other man a moment, and then
wo'dd not allow me before he called the pre-
vious question pgain to make a single motion
of reference or give me one minute of time,
although I offered to call the previous question
if he required it. And now. when the House
has again condemned his lack of courtesy, I
do not think he has a right to appeal to me in
this kind of way.
Mr. JUDD. After this attack by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania it is due from him
that he allow me to say a word.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman has assailed
my motives here.
ilr. SCOFIELD. I will see what the gen-
tleman from NewYoik [Mr. Laixin] has been
saying in the mean time.
Mr. JUDD. 1 want to reply to the attack
wliicli the gentleman has made upon me him-
self.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And I want to see if I
cannot get the gentleman from Illinois dried up
for once. [Laughter.]
Mr. JUDD. That is all the courtesy I
expected from the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is a good deal more
than you deserved. [Laughter.]
Mr. JUDD. I did not control the floor, and
the gentleman knows it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker. I hope this bill
wilt be sent to the Committee on the Judiciary,
in accordance with the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. SrOFlELD.] The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] has told
this Iiouse that this measure was discussed in
the ei>rly part of this session ; but he forgot to
add that upon that discussion, more or less
exhaustive, and on due deliberation, at a time
when it was known that a vote was to be taken,
the House by a majority of something more
than thirty sent it to the tomb. After that, as
has ^been stated by the gentleman from New
iorir, [Mr. L.yj.m/iv.] on a Monday morning,
with no intimation that it would be sprung
upon the House, this bill was passed through
here under the gag of the previous question by
a majority of two or three, I am not sure which,
and sent to the Senate. The Senate lias added
twenty-five to the number of Representatives
that this House agreed upon. And now, that
it has come back here, it is taken from the
Speaker's table, and we are asked to put the
bill through the House without a particle of
discussion.
Mr. Speaker, the questions which have been
referred to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Sir. Scofield] should be settled by the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary. I have my own views
of the proper construction of the second sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution of
the United States. Whether or not it is de-
clared in terms so clear as to forbid a lawyer
to cavil,that the apportionment shall be made at
the expiration of each ten years, may be a mat-
ter of doubt. But no man can look at that
section and not be convinced that the framers
of the Constitution did intend to divide uptime
with periods of ten years and to make each
decade complete. And studying that provision
of the Constitution, as I have with some care,
I have no doubt that had the question been
raised there by some daring person that in the
future this period of ten years would be inter-
fered with, the framers of that Constitution
would have put into that instrument language
so clear and explicit that no lawyer could find
occasion to doubt upon it.
And that interpretation is borne out by the
course which has been pursued from that day
to this ; and during all the time from that day
to this every question now brought forward,
excepting one, and that the one referred to by
thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham, 1 has
been before Congress at the end of each period
of ten years. 1 refer to the questions of the
relativegrowth of the country, greater in some
portions of it than others, new States and cities
springing up in the West and blooming out into
power and wealth in a manner most startling,
as shown by the returns of each census at the
end of each ten years. The act of the fathers
was acquiesced in, and no western member
ever before has had the face to come forward
and ask that it should be interferred with.
They were then content to wait with the decade,
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
do not desire to wait now, knowing that at the
end of the ten years they would receive all the
advantage of their increased population, and
.maintain it for the next ten years.
Now if you break into this period of ten
years, if you now make a new apportionment
at the end of eight years from the last appor- jj
tionment, how long will it be before Congress |>
will be asked to interfere still further and make j
a new apportionment at the end of six years, !,'
or four years ? But wo are asked to make a |
new apportionment to-day in order that it may
apply to the last two years of this decade.
The reasons are not so strong as if it was in
tho middle of the decade. Whatever of injus-
tice is seen by western members has only to
be borne for two years ; it is merely to affect
a single Congress ; for the Congresses of the
next decade will, of course, be under the new
apportionment.
Nor are tho late slave and colored people
nov/ unrepresented, as is argued by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] The scope
of that gentleman's argument and the force of
it seems to be that this new element of citi-
zenship is utterly unrepresented in the Con-
gress of the United States. Not so ; every
former slave who is now permitted to vote in
Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, South
Carolina, or any of the late slaveholding States,
enters into his new relations and votes for the
representation fixed by the apportionment now
in force. He is not unrepresented. It is not
the ease of a new element introduced here that
has citizenship with no representation in Con-
gress. The membership going to make up cer-
tain constituencies is increased; that is'all.
But that is being done all the time ; not in so
great a degree, I own, as undertheamendments
to the Constitution of the United States which
have been adopted. But that principle of
increase in membership of constituencies has
always obtained in this country.
It has obtained ever since the States of the
West have grown faster than the States of
the East. This principle of lack of equal repre-
sentation has applied during the last five years
of every decade, since Illinois has outgrown
Massachusetts, since Minnesota has outgrown
Maine, since Ohio began to be left behind by
the increase of population in States further
west. Every ten years this principle of lack of
equal representation has been qualified in its
operation by the increase of some sections
faster than others, and has been acquiesced
in because the fathers of the Constitution fixed
it so that there should be some definitive time
where the foot should be put down, and where
we were not to go back on the old landmarks.
Iience I believe that this proposition cannot
be sustained, and that this change of the ap-
portionment should not apply to the next Con-
gress. I go further: I believe that an increase
of the number of members of this House, as
is provided for in this bill, will have a perni-
cious effect. I believe the present number to be
large enough. It is large enough with refer-
ence to the transaction of business ; it is large
enough with reference to convenient accommo-
dation of members in this Hall; it is large enough
to do the work of the committees. What shall
we do in the next Congress if nearly sixty addi-
tional members, elected at large by different
States, he introduced on this floor?
Such an element must be more or less irre-
sponsible. I say this in no offensive sense.
Such members come here with no defined con-
stituency, with no district at the back of each
man. Each cne is the creature of a day. He
has no future which can be counted upon, as
is allowable in any respectable member who
has a fixed constituency, whom he is trying
faithfully to serve, and who in the nature of
things become attached to their Representative.
But there is an evil lying still further back,
and which to my mind is greater than any
other. If you increase the number of mem-
bers in this House you depart from the pre-
cedent that has been fixed in tho last two ap-
portionments. In 1850 and in 1860 Congress
settled that the increase should stop, that the
House was large enough. During all the late
war—and we shall never he called on to act
on more important questions than those which
were presented during that period—the busi-
ness of this House was done by less than two
hundred members.
When you depart from the principle estab-
lished in the last two apportionments, and
authorize an increase in the number of mem-
bers, you declare that this increase may go on
indefinitely. Within tho next thirty years the
population of the country will increase to the
extent of fifty millions, and if representation
is to be increased in proportion to this growth
we shall have in 1900 a House of llepresent-
atives as large as the British House cf Com-
mons. What would be the result? We should
experience here the same thing that is expe-
rienced in the House of Commons. In this
House at present every member is generally
found in his seat, attending to his duties.
Hence we see care and vigilance in reference
to the public business. Let any man try to
get a measure through this House, and he will
see whether it is easy to do it without attract-
ing attention. • Members from all sections of
the country are, as a rule, in their seats, watch-
