1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
and heard too much of these ghostly stories,
and I have read too much of partisan papers
and speeches to be thus led away by men who
have no interest in their country and no faith
in God, Christianity, or in humanity itself. I
will not be seared off in that way.
But, sir, it has been said, "Oh, but you have
disturbances downinyoureountry." We have;
but I ask, in the name of Heaven could there
be eight million people anywhere in the world
on whose necks oppression after oppression
has been heaped, destroying their property
and crushing their lives and liberties, without
their making occasional resistance to such
wrongs ? If there be anywhere a people under
God's shining sun who would not resist the
tyrant, I do not want to know them. I am
not of their race. Thank God, I come of a
nobler stock 1 I will never consent, for myself
or my children, that we shall be slaves, nor will
I consent that the people of this country shall
be slaves, any portion of them. You have
remanded by your reconstruction laws these
people into citizenship, and I demand that you
make this remand gooa. I demand that they
really shall be citizens of this country.
And I have appealed to the generous im-
pulses of the great North, to its great Chris-
tian heart, to look fairly at this question, and
not listen to the wild stories of Kuklux told
here upon this floor and elsewhere, it may bo
by irresponsible, worthless vagabonds. I know
you do not want to do wrong. I have been
largely through the northern country during
the last two years, and from what I have seen
I believe that but for the scribbling, worthless,
vagabondish writers in newspapers, and men
of the same character who come here' to lobby
around this House with a view to oppressing
the South and keeping in office men like Gov-
ernor Bullock against the will of the people—
I believe that were it not for the efforts of men
of this stamp the action of the North would
have been different from what it has been.
I claim to be ordinarily honest. I believe
my neighbors at home will say that I am. Yet,
when gentlemen ask me what is t.hc condition
of things in my country, and I tell them hon-
estly and as before God that condition as I
understand it, unless it f>uits their particular
views they turn away with a deaf car, or spito
and annoy me, perhaps, by their want of
patience and of disposition to hear what 1 have
to say upon the ^subject. It has been said that
we can do nothing to protect the former slaves,
the colored men of the South, unless wo resort
to the measures which have been referred to
to-day. That is not true. It is as big a false-
hood as ever the devil instigated one of his
emissaries to utter upon earth. There lias
been a spirit of hostility shown to the colored
man in some places, but the great moral ele-
mont of that section has overcome that spirit.
We hold in subjection those who would cherish
it, and the former slaves, the colored popula-
tion of that country, are as safe to-day as gen-
tlemen are in this House.
If there are any here who would dispute that
assertion I ask them just to take a trip with
me to the county in which I live, where there
are four thousand colored voters to-day; and
I tell you you will find thena all at work, the
law throwing the asgis of its protection over
them. You will find public schools reared here
and there for their education as well as for the
education of the whites. You will find that
taxes such as you do not pay yourselves are
contributed by the white men of that country
to educate the blacks of the country. I say that
we in Arkansas pay taxes to-day for educa-
tional purposes that the people of no State north
of Mason and Dixon's line pay to-day. I assert
that. Sir, I was there when this common-school
system was inaugurated in Arkansas, and I be-
lieve that nobody took a greater interest in it
than some of the gentlemen whom you call
"rebels." Those men are good men. They
were misled during the war—led off, perhaps,
through influences which they could not resist,
to do that which you and I thought was wrong;
but morally they are men of integrity, and it is
for them that I plead to-day; and not only for
them, but for the whole people.
Now, sir, as to this talk about the necessity
of protecting the people down there it is all
moonshine ; it is a wicked, cruel lie got up for
party purposes, in order to secure legislation
here which will strike down the liberties of the
country. I live in that country, and these laws
affect my rights. What rights—if you will par-
don the personal allusion—have I forfeited to
this Government ? Have I forfeited any rights
to the Government ? Why should you impose
these onerous burdens upon me? No, sir,
the Government mustproteet every loyal man,
and I may say every man in time of peace,
within its broad realm; but more particularly
should it protect those who stood by the Gov-
ernment in the dark days of the Republic,
when the national seas were rough and when
the sun itself seemed darkened and refused to
give political light to the country. I ask you,
then, to deal justly with these people, to deal
justly with us and to turn adeafear to this talk
about protection and about the Kuklux Klan,
and such like. I am amazed at such talk in this
age of intelligence, in the nineteenth century.
In looking over the pages of history I see ex-
amples of the same kind in former times; but
we claim to live in a Christian age and to be
essentially a Christian race of men and women,
and I believe we aro preeminently so. As I
have said, 1 believe that we will do right upon
this subject if we can only get at the right,
discard this rubbish that is pressed upon us,
and, above all, act upon the great underlying
principles of the Governmcntwhich our fathers
gave us. In doing that your safety is secured
and my safety is secured, and secured beyond
all peradventure.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have trespassed upon
the time of the House longer than I intended,
and said much more than I intended ; but I
thought that I could not say less in view of
the importance of the occasion. I ask gentle-
men to deal with this subject kindly, to deal
with it dispassionately, to ask themselves if
they, as American citizens, would submit to
wrongs heaped upon them such as have been
heaped upon the people of the South, not per-
haps intentionally, but through a want of dis-
position to examine into and get at the truth
and act upon it in regard to this matter.
Sir, no man in this broad land would go fur-
ther than I would go to put down disturbance
and protect the people, and the loyal people
especially, of any section, if I thought there was
any necessity for it. But I believe that there is
none. I know that there is none, and that all
that is necessary is to give the people of the
South the same legislation that you give your-
selves. Deal with them honestly and fairly,
and when you have done that, trust to them,
and my word for it, you will never have cause
to complain.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] yield to
nne for a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, two of them.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am obliged
to the gentleman. I want to know what the
gentleman would consider sufficient cause to
j ustify a call upon the Government of the United
States to maintain the rights of the people.
And I will ask the gentleman farther, if he does
not know, as a citizen of Arkansas, that Gov-
ernor Clayton of that State was not able to
enforce the Jaw, was not able to protect the
loyal citizens of that State, that soldiers of the
Union Army who had settled in that State were
driven out of it by the Kuklux Klan, until
the Governor had organized the militia, placed
them in the different counties, and put the
State under martial law?
Mr. ROGERS. That is just exactly what I
have been saying. If there are disturbances in
the States, or in any of them, I hold that this
Government is able to protect its citizens, as
Governor Clayton did. If there were any dis-
turbances in Arkansas, Governor Clayton and
the good men of that State were able to put
them down without any assistance from the
Government of the United States ; and if there
should be disturbances in any other State let
the good people of that State put them down,
as they are able to do. Do not come here and
pass bills of attainder, as you have done, in
my opinion. Do not send men here steeped
up to their eyebrows in rebellion to prate to
the people about loyalty. Let those who are
to teach the people in the doctrine of loyalty
have records as white as the driven snow, if
you would have their words heeded.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The gentleman
has not answered my question yet. I ask him
if there were not Kuklux organizationsin Ark-
ansas to such an extent as to render it neces-
sary for the Governor of Arkansas to put the
State under martial law, and to call out the
militia to protect the people there ?
Mr. ROGERS. I live in the State of Ark-
ansas ; and while I do not propose now to
discuss Governor Clayton and his acts, I will
remind the gentleman that Governor Clayton
is now on my platform. He has published a
letter to the world, in which he takes the ground
that the people should everywhere have their
political rights restored to them. He says that
although he felt it necessary at one time to call
out the militia to quell some disturbances in
that State, he is satisfied that now the law can
be fully carried out in that State.
That leads me to make another remark. I
do not desire to harass the feelings of any
gentleman here. I respect their feelings as
much as anybody here; but I wish to notice a
few of those men who come here and talk
about loyalty so loudly. Who are they? Sir,
some of the bitterest rebels that I ever knew
are the men who to-day boast most loudly about
loyalty. Now I will tell you what you ought
to do. If you let all the honest people have a
right to vote these men will never come here
to Congress; they will never get into the Legis-
latures of their States; they will never be
elected Governors, sheriffs, or anything of the
kind; and if they cannot get into any such
places tbey will be like Othello—their occupa-
tion will be gone.
I thank the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Stone] for his courtesy in yielding to me so
long.
Mr. STONE resumed the floor.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. STONE. I will.
Mr.ELDRIDGK Iwantbutafewmoments,
Mr. Speaker, to say that when any individual
does a good thing, I think he is entitled to
receive proper credit for it. The Chicago Tri-
bune has published a most excellent editorial,
and I indorse every word and line of it. The
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] was
kind enough to show me that article this morn-
ing, and I was glad to see it. It seemed to me
that a new light was bursting upon the country;
and when a paper with the influence and power
in the country of the Chicago Tribune takes
the ground it has taken in that article, I think
it is entitled to the respect and commendation
of every man who loves his country. I will
only repeat—for I will not take up too much
of the time of my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Stoxe]—that I indorse every word of that arti-
cle, and 1 wish the Republican party of this
country would indorse it as I do.
Mr. STONE resumed the floor, and pro-
ceeded to address the House upon the subject
of the tariff. [His remarks will appear in the
Appendix.]
increase of banking currency.
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
speak upon the question of the currency; and
in order to call the attention of the House and
the country directly to the question, and make
my remarks as practicable as possible, I send
