970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
keep forty per cent, of coin on hand with which
to redeem their bills.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment as a new section to the bill:
„inrf be it further enacted. That no banking asso-
ciation hereafter organized shall reccive from the
Comptroller of the Currency note3 for circulation to
an amount exceeding forty-five per oent. of its capi-
tal actually Raid in; and all banking associations
now organized, having a larger circulation than
lorty-fivo per cent, of their capital, shall, within
twelve months from the passage of this act, either
reduco their circulation or increase their capital, so
that theircirculation shall have the same proportion
to their capital as is herein specified.
The only effect of that section will be to
enable banks to redeem their circulation much
easier than they now can.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the fourth, fifth, and sixth sec-
tions.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the operation of
that amendment?
Mr. HOWE. The operation of the amend-
ment, if adopted, will be to relieve the Govern-
ment of the United States from indorsing the
contracts of those gentlemen over in Boston
who are dealing in gold.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that amendment in
order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The effect
will be, if I may be allowed to state my inter-
pretation of it, to prevent any facilities being
granted to those who shall choose to make con-
tracts in coin according to law, who are com-.
pelled by law to raise in the aggregate over one
hundred and sixty or one hundred and seventy
million dollars a year to pay the Government
in coin, and to prevent indefinitely any banks
from aiding and assisting us ia & return to
specie payments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the effect
of the amendment now offered, if adopted, to
be to strike out all the gold note sections of
the bill. Is that so ?
Several Senators. That is it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The effect is to prevent
the resumption of specie payments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to strike out the fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of the bill; upon which motion
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being takeu by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 29; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
inghamjCarpenter.Casserly.Conkling, Davis^Drake,
Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton, Harris, Howe, Howell,
.Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, Norton,
Pomeroy .Rice, Saulsburv, Scott, Spencer, Stoekton,
Sumner, Thurman, and Vickers—29.
HAYS —Messrs. AnthoDy, Brownlow, Cameron,
Corbett, Edmund s.Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard,
McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye.Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cole. Cra-
gin, Fenton, Lewis, Ramsey, Schurz, Sprague, and
Yates—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish now to offer an
amendment, which I will say is the same one
of which I gave notice yesterday, substantially.
As I understand the law, Congress has reserved
to itself the power over all these banks in every
respect, and hence it has the power to pass the
provision which I propose. The amendment
is general in its operation.
The amendment was read, being to insert
as an additional section :
And be it further matted. That section twenty-one
of an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United Statos
bonds, and provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," as amended by the act of March 3.
1865, is hereby amended by adding thereto tin fol-
lowing: ,, . ,
Provided, That all bonds deposited by any bank-
ing association for the security of its circulating
notes shall cease to bear interest while so deposited,
and all interest accruing during the period of said
i deposit shall bo deemed to be satisfied and dis-
charged. .
! And be it farther enacted. That the provisions Of
; the preceding section dhall be applied to all banking
associations formed under this act.
{ The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to reconsider the
vote taken a moment ago on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order;
it was a tie vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
i don.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator did not vote
on the prevailing side.
Mr. WILLIAMS. He voted to strike out,
and the clause was retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
; to reconsider must come from a Senator who
voted with the side that prevailed, which was
the negative.
Mr. SUMNER. Will some Senator be mag-
nanimous enough to make that motion ?
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, " Will the Senate order the bill to be
' engrossed and read the third time ?"
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
! third reading, and was read the third time.
| Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
| The yeas and nays were ordered,
i Mr. NORTON. I presume I do not trans-
gress the understanding if I say a single word
in regard to my vote on this bill. I want a re-
distribution ofthecurrency; I wantitequalized;
but I am not willing in order to obtain that to
vote for a proposition which establishes coin
banks upon a currency basis.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 23; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Schurr, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart. Thayer, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, andWil-
son—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckingham,
Caipenter, Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton, Howe, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton.
Saulsbury, Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and
Vickers—23/
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Lewis, Patter-
son, Sprague, and Yates—6.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhirson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the. following joint
resolutions of the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) authoriz-
ing Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United
States Navy, to accept a gold medal from the
king of the Netherlands ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 28) authoriz-
ing Lieutenant Commander W. A. Kirkland,
United States Navy, to accept a gold medal
from the emperor of France.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 143)
to authorize the Secretary of War to provide
for taking meteorological observations at the
military stations and other points in the inte-
rior of the continent, and forgiving notice on the
northern lakes and sea-board of the approach
and force of storms; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on this day,
approved and signed the following bill and
joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 805) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Willamette river in Oregon, from the city
of Portland to the east bank of said river ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) to extend
the port of entry of the collection district of
New Orleans.
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) t0
authorize the Secretary of War to provide for
taking meteorological observations at the mili-
tary stations and other points in the interior
of the continent, and for giving notice on the
, northern lakes and sea-board of the approach
; and force of storms, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to take up
for the purpose of reference, and at the same
time to allow me to make some remarks, a
bill laid upon the table by me some two or
three weeks since in regard to the laws of neu-
trality of the United States, so called. The
number of the bill I do not remember.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not, perhaps, alto-
gether courteous to interpose against a motion
which has in it something of personal con-
venience. I beg, however, to remind the Sen-
ate that at the outset of the consideration of
the currency bill just disposed of, I gave notice
that if the Senate would indulge me in doing so,
I should, immediately upon the final removal
of that bill from the Senate, ask it to take up
the census bill. I will not detain the Senate
now with assigning my reasons for saying that
if that bill is to be considered at all, it should
be considered at once ; but the Chair having
recognized the Senator from Wisconsin, al-
though I was up with tolerable promptness
' and addressed the Chair, I venture to make a
proposal to him. He and his colleague, as I
understand, would be glad to occupy some time
1 in regard to the bill to which he has called
, attention. I propose that they allow the cen-
sus bill to be taken up, when I will at once give
! way or consent that it be laid aside informally,
! and both Senators will be permitted to proceed
at their leisure. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] I believe, has also something
that he wishes to do to-day, and that can be
done. Thus the census bill will be to-morrow
at one o'clock the unfinished business, and
this arrangement will promote, I think, the
convenience of everybody. If Senators haye
no objection to it, I should be glad to submit a
motion to take up the census bill with that
understanding.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to suggest what
I think will be much more agreeable to the
Senate, that in lieu of taking up the census
bill we take up the bill to abolish the franking
j privilege.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the Sen-
; ator from Minnesota that if to-morrow at one
> o'clock he moves to take up that bill I shall,
j for one, gladly give way to it. I do not think
{ it can take long, and I agree with him that it
I should be promptly considered.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin yield to the Senator from New
York?
Mr. HOWE. If it is understood by the Sen-
ate that when the bill referred to by the Senator
from New York is taken up, it shall belaid
aside informally while the business that I ask
the attention of the Senate to shall be disposed
of in the way I indicate, of course I cannot
have any objection. ,
Mr. CONKHNG. That would be so, of
course. I should decline to proceed now in
opposition to the Senator from Wisconsin if
any Senator should object to the proposed
arrangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin yields the floor. The Senator from
New York moves to proceed to the consider-
