1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
ation of House bill No. 424, to provide for
taking the ninth census of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before any un-
derstanding of that sort is had, I desire to in-
terpose. 1 reported yesterday a joint resolution
from the Committee on Appropriations, and
desired the immediate attention of the Senate
to its consideration at that time, deeming the
resolution of such importance, as was suggested
by my asking for the immediate consideration
of it: and as a single objection carried it over,
of course I yielded to the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in the
expectation of being able to-day to get five or
ten minutes of the time of the Senate to act
uf>on it. And if I may be allowed a moment,
1 should like to state the public exigency which
seems to me to demand of the Senate to give
it five or ten minutes' consideration ; I do not
think it will occupy more time than that. It
is simply to transfer appropriations from two
bureaus to other bureaus in the Navy Depart-
ment, and thereby enable the public works to
proceed which are now almost entirely stopped
throughout the navy-yards of the country. The
result is that some six or seven thousand people
are thrown out of employment, and conse-
quently subjected to very great embarrassment
and distress.
I therefore suggest, without any desire to
interfere with my honorable friend from Wis-
consin, that if he would yield to me instead of
the Senator from New York for some ten min-
utes or so, I shall hope to be able to pass this
resolution, and then I should be very glad to
agree with myhonorable friend fromNew York
to proceed with the census bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I rose at the same time
with the Senator from Wisconsin and the Sen-
ator from New York. The Chair recognized the
Senator from Wisconsin. The measure which
the Senator from Maine has in charge natur-
ally commends itself to the early attention of
the Senate; I agree with him in that. It seems
to me that we ought to find time to-day for it,
and I am always pleased to hear my friend
from Wisconsin, on whatever subject he under-
takes to discuss; but I do desire to remark
that I am unwilling to come into any arrange-
ment predicated on anything like indifference
to the pending census bill. I believe that is a
measure of importance and urgency. It can-
not wait. We ought to consider it at once, and
consider it day by day and hour by hour until
we reach a conclusion.
I should be better pleased, I must confess,
if my friend from Wisconsin would enter into
the same view with regard to the census bill,
and kindly consent to postpone his observa-
tions on neutrality until we have disposed
of this urgent question. I take it that the
question of neutrality can wait at least for a
lew days. But every day that is now inter-
posed in the way of our conclusion of the
census question will result in loss to the coun-
try. That is a question that should be acted
on at once. The 1st of February has already
arrived, contemplated by existing legislation,
when the old act of Congress, unless inter-
fered with, will go into activity ; but, as I sug-
gested the other day, in my judgment that act
is not practical; it is not a working machine;
it cannot go into activity properly. Therefore
we must find a substitute, either by amending
it, or by adopting the House bill, or some
other substitute. Now, I think we should pro-
ceed with that at once. With these observa-
tions I leave the question in the hands of the
Senate.
Mr. SAULS BURY. I wish to remark, Mr.
President, that in the times ante bellum I never
knew a single instance where a Senator of any
political party rose in this Chamber and stated
that there was a particular subject upon which
he then wished to address the Senate, when he
was not allowed to do so. Now, sir, the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin has stated his
desire to address the Senate for a brief period
upon a particular subject. Let us have this
courtesy, and thereby prove that there is one
rose in the wilderness left on its stalk to toll
where a garden had been.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only desire to say that the
matter which is suggested by my colleague is
one affecting a very large number of laboring
men in this country, and if the Senate will give
it consideration they will pass the bill in less
time than has already been consumed in dis-
cussing the priority of business, without inter-
fering at all with my friend from Wisconsin
who, under the suggestion made by the Senator ,
from New York, will be accommodated as he
desires.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New York,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the census bill.
Mr. WILSON. Let that go over until to- i
morrow. 1
Mr. CONKLING. Let us take it up, and
then we can lay it aside informally. i
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. CONKLING. Now I propose to yield
to the Senator from Wisconsin, or first to the
Senator from Maine, as they may agree, in the
hope that nobody will object to this subject
being passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which Sen-
ator does theSenator from New York propose
to yield, the census ill being passed over
informally?
Mr. CONKLING. I believe there is some
preference between the two Senators as to
which shall proceed first. I hope they will be
kind enough to indicate that. I believe the
Senator from Wisconsin has agreed that the
Senator from Maine may proceed first. If I
i am wrong he will correct me.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from New York yields to me I will appeal to
the Senator from Wisconsin 
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Maine
desires to proceed with the joint resolution I
will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
order will be informally passed over, and the
Senator from Maine moves to proceed to the
consideration of Senate joint resolution No.
112.
The motion was agreed to. *
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 144) to enable the Court of Claims
to hear and determine the claim of E. Dickie-
man, a subject of the king of Prussia, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had appointed the following-
named gentlemen as Regents on the part of the
House of Representatives of the Smithsonian
Institution, namely: Mr. Luke P. Poland,
of Vermont; Mr. James A. Garfield, of Ohio;
and Mr. Samuel S. Cox, of New York.
transfer of naval appropriations.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 112) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to transfer to and use in the Bureaus of
Construction and Repair and Steam Engineer-
ing, for the purposes thereof, such of the unex-
pended balances remaining to the credit of the
other bureaus of the Navy Dapartment, and
available for the current year, as may be from
time to time required.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend the joint resolution by striking out
the following words:
As may be from time to time required: Provided,
That each transfer to either of the bureaus first
named shall mention the bureau and appropriation
from which it is transferred, and shall in no case
exceed the amount to its credit: Andprovided, That
the whole amount transferred to both shall not
exceed $4,000,000 in the aggregate: And further.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
Namely: from the Bureau of Steam Engineering,
81,400,000; and to the Bureau of Construction, from
the Bureau of Equipment of Vessels, $389,000; from
the Bureau of Navigation, 9250,000; from the Bureau
of Yards and Bocks, $1,951,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before t.hat
amendment is adopted I desire to move a
verbal amendment to it. After the word
" from," in line fourteen, I move to insert "the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing to."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
have any objection to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, but I
have an objection to the whole bill. My objec-
tion is not that I am opposed to the appropria-
tion of the necessary money for the purposes
of the Navy Department, but it is to a transfer
made in the way proposed here. I have been
too often deceived since I have been a mem-
ber of this body by appropriations of this kind
to be willing to see a bill of this character pass.
We were in the habit during the war of appro-
priating very large sums of money, both for
the naval and Army service, amounting to'
hundreds of millions of dollars. When the war
closed of course much of this money was not
needed.
I presume hundreds of millions of dollars
were appropriated by Congress, not knowing
whether the war would continue or not, and
upon the supposition that it might continue, and
would be necessary, which it turned out after-
ward were not necessary at all. A practice
grew up in the Departments in the first place
to use the money thus appropriated, and bills
were brought into the Senate authorizing cer-
tain things to be done under the direction of
the War Department, and the Senate was in-
formed that they would cost no money; that no
appropriation was asked; that there was a sur-
plus in the War Department which would pay
the expenses of the particular work or business
which was to be inaugurated, and the Senate
passed them, and the money that had been
appropriated for specific purposes not being
needed for those purposes was diverted, and
we were made to believe that it was costing
the Government nothing.
Now the practice, as I understand, prevails
in the various Departments of calling on the
different bureaus for estimates. For instance,
in the Navy Department the Bureau of Con-
struction and the Bureau of Subsistence and the
various bureaus in the Department are called
upon for estimates of the sums necessary for
their respective bureaus. The Secretary of the
Navy never supervises these. He relies on the
reports that are made by the heads of the bu-
reaus. They always estimate large enough,
and they estimate in this way: they say if the
money is not needed it will not be used; and
frequently there is a surplus appropriated for
a particular bureau. A practice obtained of
taking that surplus and using it in the other
bureaus; and hence Congress had no check on
the appropriations. We did not know where
the money went or how it was used. I could
relate a particular instance that I have in my
mind where money appropriated for one pur-
pose in the War Department was used to the
extent of hundreds of thousands of dollars for
another purpose, which was never understood
by Congress or the country, by the diversion
of & surplus.
Some years ago, perhaps within a year or
two, an attempt was made by Congress to cor-
rect this so that we might know where the
money wentthat was appropriated by Congress,
and a provision was inserted in some of the
appropriation bills, I think—I have not looked
up the bill—prohibiting these transfers from
one branch of the service to another.
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend will
allow me to suggest that that is the law now ;
and that law has taken away from the Depart-
