1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3803
erly growing out of the House bill arid ger-
mane to it, and all the Senate bill and all the
propositions properly growing out of it, to carry
out the true intent and meaning (if the Chair
may use a phrase that has gone into political
phraseology) of these provisions, were, in the
opinion of the Chair, competent for the con-
ference committee to consider; but it would
not have been competent for them to consider
an amendment to the bankrupt law, or any
legislation the general subject of which was not
touched by the provisions referred to them.
The Chair, therefore, overrules the point of
order. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] will now proceed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, on yester-
day there seemed to be a disposition in the
Senate at one time to force this bill, reported
from the committee of conference of the two
Houses, to its passage. Among the gentlemen
in this Chamber who objected to any delay was
the Senator from Michigan, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Howard,] who considered that no more
light could be thrown on the subject, and
therefore further discussion of it would be en-
tirely useless, simply fatiguing those who were
already weary, and in his view entirely unneces-
sary. "i do not suppose, I never did suppose,
myself able to give light to that Senator's mind;
nor do I think now, in the temper of this body
and its method of discussing questions, that
much is to be expected to be gained by the
weight of mere argument where party spirit or
a party measure intervenes.
But in these great matters of public interest
there is a duty thrown upon every man who
assumes to represent a portion of the people
of this country in this Chamber to discuss ques-
tions openly, fairly, and fearlessly; to protest
against wrongs when they shall appear here in
the shape of proposed legislation. Although
such protests or such debates may seem to
have but little effect upon the fate of the meas-
ure before the body, yet at the same time they
stand to be read elsewhere, and to be heard
elsewhere, and to be reflected upon in other
places and times when, perhaps, passion shall
cool and reason again have some sway over
men's minds. I consider that no man should
neglect to do his duty, however feebly he may
feel himself enabled to do it or discouraged
by not seeing or realizing at the moment the
effect of his exertions. It is not for him to
consider the effect; it is for him to consider
his duty; and when he has performed that no
more can be asked of him.
Light, whetherfrom any poor remarks I shall
submit, or to be found by having the measure
upon which we are to vote placed in a printed
form before the Senate, would seem alike to
be unnecessary to the mind of that Senator and
his colleagues who wished to force a vote yes-
terday afternoon. The bill upon which we are
called this morning to vote was not then in
print. It consisted of a piece of mosaic work
of the various bills of the two Houses, with
complicated amendments, and a great portion
of them created in this committee of confer-
ence, existing only in manuscript, and that in an
exceedingly hasty and carelessly arranged form,
with interlineations and omissions. Therefore
it would seem that the majority of the Senate
represented by that Senator were perfectly will-
ing to vote upon this measure, although it was
a human impossibility that they could know
precisely what they were voting upon.
At about eleven o'clock this morning this
bill for the first time may be said to have seen
daylight. It was placed on our tables about!
an hour before the Senate convened. In that
time I have read it; and I propose to discuss it
as well as the short timegiven to me will permit.
On the 30th of March, 1870, the Secretary
of State of the United States proclaimed the
ratification by three fourths of the States of the
Union of a fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States. I do not propose
now to enumerate the well-known matters of
public fact, matters of history, the record of
which cannot be gainsaid, which make that
proclamation, in my honest opinion, a huge
untruth ; a mere mockery upon the letter, spirit,
and intent of our constitution of government;
that from first to last it has lacked, and lacks
to-day, those essentials which make it bi'r,ding
upon the States and the people of this country.
I do not now propose to discuss those reasons.
They are there. They cannot be evaded ; and
in their own time they will come up for consid-
eration.
In the course of the debate that occurred
here last week, and while I was compelled by
the pressure of other duties to lie absent, I saw
thesketch of a speechmade, I think, by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Souiiitz,]
in which he talked of "dark threats" on the
part of members of the party with whom I am
associated and act on this floor in respect to
the fate of this amendment. Sir, if it be a
"dark threat" to declare that amendment a
fraud, then make the most of a declaration. 1
deem it a fraud ; I deein it anaetof revolution ;
and although I am perfectly well aware that
there are acts which, having an illegitimate
origin, by time and the acquiescence of the
people will harden into accepted law, yet I
say by such means, and such means alone, will
that amendment ever become entitled to the
respect and confidence of the States or the
United States.
I leave it to its fate, being convinced that if
it be, as I believe, false it will in time share
the fate of all falsehood ; that, being in its
nature contrary to the genius of our institu-
tions, abnormal, and inconsistent, it will have
buta short and stormy existence, a brief period
of control, and then be overwhelmed by the
returning tread of a free and intelligent people
seeking to renew their allegiance to the govern-
mental compact of their fathers. In that com-
pact were embodied principles of civil and re-
ligious liberty which the fell spirit of party and
of warfare in our own day has dethroned from
their just and lawful supremacy.
Sir, what was this amendment? It provides :
" That the right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or by any Slate on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.'5
And secondly :
"Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
Now, what is the power given to Congress
and the duty enjoined upon it by this ^jjend-
ment? The sole, natural, reasonable intent
of the words therein contained was that dis-
crimination at the polls on account of race,
color, or previous condition should not exist.
But this bill as reported grasps the whole con-
trol of elections, and is intended, not to pre-
vent discrimination between the various races
of men, but to discriminate directly against the
white race and in favor of the black. Turn
to section five of this bill, and there you will
see:
That if any person shall prevent, hinder, control,
or intimidate, or shall attempt to prevent, hinder,
control, or intimidate, any person from exercising or
in cxcrcising the right oi suffrage—
Does it stop there? No, sir—
to whom the right of suffrage is secured or guaran-
tied by the fifteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
To what class of people does the fifteenth
amendment guaranty or secure the right of
suffrage? Simply to those who by reason of
race or color had been previously discrim-
inated against. Therefore, this bill allows,
intends to allow, hinderance, control, intimida-
tion of an}' white citizen ; but it makes that a
crime as against the black which is not a crime
against the white. Then, in section twenty-
three there is a provision of like character:
That whenever any person shall be defeated or
deprived of his election to any office, except elector
of President, or Vice President, Itepresentative or
Delegate in Congress, or member of a State Legisla-
ture, by reason of the denial to any,citizen or citi-
zens who shall offer to rote of the right to voto on
account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude.
What does that mean? It is a clear dis-
crimination that if a candidate for any of the
offices named shall lose his office by reason
of the denial of the right of suffrage to white
men there shall be no remedy for him ; but
if he loses it because of the denial to black
men then this law is to come in and do that
which the very language of your amendment
was intended to prevent; that is to say, you
do discriminate, and yet your fifteenth amend-
ment declares that you shall not.
1 consider this bill not an act of "appro-
priate legislation" fairly to enforce that amend-
ment; but it is only another attempt to bolster
up by violence and intimidation, in the shape
of penal enactments, the inferior capacities of
the negro race in the struggle for social and
political equality. Each step made by the Rad-
ical party shows the false nature of their props
osition. If this race had been fit to take part
in the political councils of the country they
would have vindicated that fact by their own
action long ago. But they are not fit; and the
longer the foolish attempt is made to govern a
nation by such means the more patent will be
its impossibility. The spectacle of the south-
ern States to-day is a melancholy proof of the
truth of the facts I here state. Sir, your prem-
ises are false, and your conclusions therefore
will have the usual melancholy disappointment
of error.
The passage of this bill has been pressed
in hot haste ; and the Senator from Nevada
who has charge of the measure, who has urged
it with his usual force and ability here, declared
openly in this body yesterday, as a reason why
it should not be printed even, why the usual
decorum of legislation should be passed over,
that certain elections were to be held in the
State of Virginia to-morrow; and this bill,
crowded as it is with pains and penalties, bris-
tling all over with coercive and punitive features
was to be sprung upon a community who could
by no human possibility be aware of its pro-
visions, or even of its existence. There are
legal fictions which men are not allowed to
traverse. There is one essential. Ignorantia
legis neminem excusat. But who ever heard
before, as a deliberate proposition, that a law
should be made for the purpose of punishing
those who could by no possibility have that
knowledge which would be their protection
proposed in advance of its passage, that it
should entrap the feet of those who could not
know of its approach ; and it was done in open
Senate, and but a single Senator of the major-
ity was found to reprobate the proposition.
On the contrary the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and others, after
hearing the reason given why the passage of
this bill should be urged, coincided with the
Senator from Nevada in urging it, and it may
fairly, therefore, be supposed for the reason
he gave. There are times in revolution when
the milder and wiser agencies of rule are dis-
regarded.
That ignorance of the law excuses no man
is a legal fiction; but there accompanies that
maxim of the law another, which should be
remembered by Senators when they attempt
to urge the punitive powers of the law in aid
of their political schemes. It is that in the fic-
tions of law equity always exists. That is the
beneficent restraint upon them. And yet, in
the present case we have a fiction of law urged
deliberately for the punishment of an innocent
community. But the kind of equity the people
of Virginia are to expect at the hands of the
dominant majority of Congress was well exhib-
ited by this proposition to spring this law upon
them when they by no possibility could have a
knowledge of its existence.
Power was given by the fifteenth amendment,
in its terms, to Congress, by appropriate legis^-
lation, to prevent an abridgement or denial or
the right to vote; and upon this basis of power
what a superstructure has been raised by tins
bill! The shade of Alexander Hamilton would
be horrified, indeed, could it revisit this earth,
