4748
the congressional globe.
June 23,
never before been questioned that this is the
true meaning and spirit of the Constitution.
_ Bat I have a constitutional objection to this
bill which, to my mind, is a very formidable
one. Who, according to the terms of the Con-
stitution, is to make the apportionments? The
Congress of the United States. By this bill
is it proposed that we shall make the appor-
tionment? We provide, to be sure, a rule of
apportionment; but we say that the Secretary
ot the Interior and his employes are to make
the apportionment in fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to inquire whether he is not aware that the
law for twenty years has provided in express
words that the Secretary of the Interior shall
make the apportionment?
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman's question
has been already answered : but I will answer
it again. Under the laws heretofore passed
the Secretary of the Interior has been directed
to make a computation and report it to Con-
gress, so that Congress could act upon it before
there should be any election under it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does not
answer my question. I ask him whether he
does not know that the express language of
the act of 1850 provides that the apportionment
shall be made by the Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman "sticks in
the bark " entirely.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. POLAND. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior was to make an enumeration, to figure out
the apportionment, and to report it to Congress,
so that this body should have an opportunity to
act upon it, either rejecting it or confirming it,
before there should be any election under it.
Mr. JUDD. 1 ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont whether under that apportionment, so
made by the Secretary of the Interior, a Con-
gress was not actually elected, and whether at
a subsequent session members at large were
not allowed by act of Congress to some of the
States, in order to equalize the representation ?
Mr. POLAND. I have not looked at the
history of that matter particularly.
Mr. HOAR. The Secretary of the Interior
reported the result of the census, but sessions
of Congress intervened before any election
took place under that census, so that Congress
had the control of the whole subject.
Mr. POLAND. I state it as a general fact,
without reference to any particular statute, that
this enumeration made by the Secretary of the
Interior, or any other Cabinet officer, should
be submitted to Congress for its action, either
confirming or rejecting his apportionment be-
fore the holding of any election under it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman'stimehas
expired.
Mr. POLAND. I trust the gentleman will
allow me a little longer.
Mr. SCOFJELD. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. Now, Mr. Speaker, it may
be said, if we provide the rule of apportion-
ment, we may properly leave it to somebody
to figure it out. It is not a delegation of power
which the Constitution gives this House._ 1 f it
is true, this is merely a sum in arithmetic ; if
the whole duty of the Secretary of the Interior
consisted iu ciphering out a given proposition
we put to him, there would be considerable
force in it; but, Mr. Speaker, there are serious
legal and constitutional questions which arise
under this census which have to be determined
by somebody, and if the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall be colled upon to figure out and
make the apportionment, he will have to decide
them.
Let mo state one of these questions to the
House. In the State of Vermont our consti-
tution and laws provide that no man shall be j
allowed to vote until he has resided there for !
the full period of one year. They are all under
this census to be enumerated among our peo-
ple, if they have not been there but a week or
a month. Now, the fourteenth amendmentto
the Constitution of the United States says
this : when the right to vote at any election, for
choice of electors, &c., of the male inhabitants
of said State, over twenty-one years of age and
citizens of the United States, is in any way
abridged, except for the participation in the
rebellion, &c., the basis of representation shall
be reduced in that proportion. Is not that
exactly within the letter of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States? Is our basis of representation in Ver-
mont and in other States to be reduced by the
number of those male inhabitants who have
lived there less than one year, and who by our
constitution are not entitled to vote? Gentle-
men may say that is not within the spirit of
that amendment to the Constitution; perhaps
it is not, and I should agree that it is not; but,
nevertheless, the Secretary of the Interior will
have to decide that question. In Massachu-
setts they have a restriction of the right of
voting, and other States have other restric-
tions, and all those questions of law must be
determined under this bill by the Secretary of
the Interior.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that is an authority
which, under the Constitution, we have no
right to delegate to him or to anybody else.
The only safe way is to wait until you get the
people numbered, find out how many you have
got, have all the reports before Congress, to-
gether with the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, and then let Congress understand) ugly
go to work, as it is its duty under the Constitu-
tion, to make an apportionment, I do not be-
lieve the gentleman from Illinois, or the great
Northwest, or anybody else, will suffer by it.
Mr. ELA. 1 ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to mo for the purpose of offer-
ing an amendment.
Mr. SCOITELI). I withdraw the motion to
refer to the Committee on the Judiciary long
enough to allow the gentleman from New
Hampshire to move an amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
RlrikefromtlioSenatoamendments, in lines twelve
and thirteen, section one, the words "or diminish."
Strike out in lines twenty-four and twenty-Jive,
section one, the woi;is " .-mil alt tho iterrosontativos
of any State so diminished," ,\'e.
After line thirty, seel ion one, add tlio following:
"Provided, That no State shall be diminished iu its
representation in the Porty-,Second Congress."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Now Hampshire a few minutes to
explain his amendments.
Mr. EL A. Mr. Speaker, the operation of
the bill as it comes from the Senate would
compel my State to call its three hundred and
thirty representatives together for the purpose
of redisricting the State and imposing upon
it the burden of an expense wliieh 1 think
ought not to be imposed on any State. It
would serve the State of Vermont worse. They
ehoose their three members of Congress on the
1st of September, while this bill does not pro-
vide that they shall be notified of what their
apportionment is until the 20th of September,
some twenty days after they have chosen their
members to this House. That portion of the
proposition of the Senate ought not to pass.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 now renew the motion
to refer the bill and amendments to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. J UDJJ. Will the gentleman permit me
to say just a single word as to the amendment
which has now been offered?
Mr. SCOI'TELD. I believe I have no time
left.
Mr. JUDD. I wish merely to say that the
adoption of tho amendment simply restores
the bill to the condition in which it was when
it went from the House, and that tho rejection
of the Senate amendments leaves it just where
it would be with this amendment of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Er,'..]
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the motion to refer tho bill
and^ amendments to tho Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Would it be in order to
amend the motion to refer the bill, so as to
authorize the committee to whom it is referred
to report at any time ?
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, except by a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not bo
referred.
Mr. JUDD. I should like the Chair to state
what would be the parliamentary position of
the bill and amendments if the House should
refuse to refer ?
The SPEAKER. The House would then
proceed to vote on the bill and amendments.
Tho previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on Mr.
Soomeld's motion to refer the bill and amend-
ments to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. ASPEBandMr. BENJAMIN demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 00, nays 9-1, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Arnell,
Bailey, Banks, Boauian, Bennett, Bisgs, Bird, Blair,
Dickey, l)onlev, Kla, ihdridge, lr'erri.-s, fisher, Uetz,
Giltillan, Criswold, iIaiir'at. Jxaldeman, Hale, Ilatn-
blcton, IIsi mill, llil I, Hoar, Ilolman, Hooper, Jenekcs,
Julian, hellc.v, IvclJogs, Kelsev, Keteiiam, Knapp,
I j it 11 i ii, La^li, Lawrence, Lewis, Muyham, Ma.ynard,
McNeelv, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor-
roll, Samuel 1'. Morrill, Moriissey, Myers, Hegley,
Xibj/fe,';, O'Neill, Packer, Phelps, Poland, Porter,
Randall, Beeves, Sanford, Seoiield, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Slocum. John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Wheeler, Wood, and Woodward—26.
WAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Asper, Atwood,
Axtell. Barry, Beattv, Beek, Benjamin, Bingham,
boles. Looker. Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Burohard, Bur-
dctt, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
('oburn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Cullom, Besencr,
ihekinson, Dockory, l>ox, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferry,
lf mkelnburjr, (JarfieSd, Gibson, Hamilton. Harris,
Hawkins, liawley, Hay, Hays, iletlin, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander H. done*, Thomas L. Jones,
J ndd.Kno't, Logan. Marshall, MoCormick.MeCrary,
MoCrow, MoKee, MeKenxie, J"csse H, Moore, Mor-
phis, iNev.-ohani, Oith,Packard, Paine. Palmer,Pock,
i erce, i latt, Prosser, Itiee, it overs', Itoots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph
b. Smith, Wilham Smyth, S to ugh ton, S trader, Strick-
land, ratio, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Upson, "Van
lfr)r,\1' ■)>'■! 1 C.\dwalacler 0. "Washburn, Welker,
U oils, H hifmorc, U ilkmson, Williams, John T. Vvi I -
son, andWincho^ter—<J-1.
i:
c ... , _     
Ifotchkiss, Kerr. Lougbridge, Lynoh, McCarthy,'
— "" l. Peters,
umaker,
Townsend, Voorhoes,'WiUaFdT'lfugenTM. Wilson',
Wiuans, and Wilcher—40.
So the motion to refer the bill and amend-
ments to the Committee on the Judiciary was
agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. Ill CH. I a:n paired upon this ques-
tion with Mr. Smith, of Vermont. If be had
been present he would have voted " ay," and
I would have voted "no."
Mr. DIXON. I am paired upon this ques-
Uon with Mr. 1 omeiioyj he would have voted
' no j ' and 1 would have voted "ay."
Mr. PETERS. I am paired with Mr,
LouumuDCiB, who would have voted "no,"
while I would have voted " ay/'
Mr. AMBLER. I am paired with Mr. Wil-
lAitD. He would have voted "ay." and I
"no."
The result of tho vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. MAYNAItD I move to reconsider the
vote by wlncj tho bill and amendments were
referred.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
