2860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
and in entire accordance with the laws of
Louisiana, and lie ought to have been admitted
to his seat. But the case was presented to the
House so that it was impossible to admit him.
There was also presented an emergency by
which two great wrongs were likely to result:
first, the denial of the seat to him, and sec-
ondly, the giving of the seat to another gentle-
man who was not elected. I desired to avoid,
it not both wrongs, at least one of them, and
therefore I was willing to cooperate with the
fair-minded gentlemen on the other side of the
House. I do not mean to say that those who
voted to ad mit Mr. Sypher were not fair-minded;
but I say that I was willing to combine with the
gentlemen on the other side of the House who
agreed with me in the conviction, based on the
evidence and law in this case, that Mr. Sypher
ought not to be admitted to a seat, and to that
end I was willing to yote for the resolution
declaring the seat to be vacant.
In addition to these facts, Mr. Speaker, it is
not improper for me to remark that the Com-
mittee of Elections at an early period of this
session had prejudged the question of eligibility
against Mr. St. Martin to occupy this seat.
The committee reported to the House, and the
House made no additional order in pursuance
of which that question could be reconsidered
by the committee. Thus it followed if the
House had decided that Mr. Sypher was not
entitled to the seat, it would not have been
possible, without further legislation, to admit
Mr. St. Martin; and it was in.the power of the
majority to deny to him rehabilitation by re-
moving his political disabilities under the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. BECK. One third would have had the
power to deny it to him.
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir, one third of the House.
I submit to all candid gentlemen that the con-
duct of gentlemen on this side of the House,
and especially my own, with all my convictions
on the subject, is not only free from the re-
proach of inconsistency, but it is in the highest
sense of the term eminently proper, entirely
justified, if not made absolutely necessary by
the fact3 by which we were surrounded. Out
of these facts and upon these facts the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] has un-
dertaken to make his small point, his small
political qnibble.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana tell the House what is his opinion now
as to whether there was or was not a valid
election in the first congressional district of
the State of Louisiana?
Mr. KERR. My opinion is precisely the 1
same that it was yesterday. It was only as
the choice of evils as between these two altern-
atives presented to us by gentlemen on the
other side of the Honse that I did what I did,
and gentlemen on this side of the House did
what they did. I have nothing to take back;
no opinion to change. I say now that the
Honse, even by the result of this case, has per-
petrated a very great wrong on the people of
the first congressional district of Louisiana by
denying a seat to Mr. St. Martin, their repre-
sentative, who was elected by a triumphant
majority of 12,237 of the legal electors whose
votes were legally cast, and that outrage stands
as a great blot on the record and history of
the majority of this House. I have nothing to
take back upon that.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am gratified to hear
the gentleman say so, because I stand on the i;
record as having voted against this proposi- I
tion. I believe it is false, and the statement
of my friend from Indiana confirms me in that
belief.
Mr. KERR. I have no doubt the gentle-
man may entertain that opinion. There are
some minds in this country, particularly in this
period of this country's history, which are
utterly incompetent fairly, frankly, and judi-
cially to decide and determine any question
or case which is in any way connected with
partisan politics. And that, I am afraid, is the
category in which the gentleman from Tennes-
see has placed himself.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman's views
and mine coincide precisely. He is of opinion
that it was a valid election and so am I; only
J lie was willing for partisan purposes to put
himself on record the other way and I was not.
Mr. KERR. The difference between us is
this, that I know of what I speak and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee does not. I have been
in Louisiana. I investigated the whole case.
I listened to the testimony of all these wit-
( nesses, and I examined all the testimony since
it was printed. And I submit to the House and
the country that my opinion and ray judgment,
even if I be ranked as a partisan, are worth in
this case much more than those of the gentle-
man from Tennessee,who knows nothing about
it, and talks only from a partisan stand-point.
Mr. BECK. Will tho gentleman yield to me
for a question ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I wish to ask the gentleman is
not this true: that even if the election was legal,
the main proposition in tho resolution is also
true, that Mr. St. Martin was not able to take
his seat because of disabilities ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly; and I so stated.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my friend
from Indiana, I beg leave to address a few words
to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like an opportunity to make a brief statement
in this connection. I am sure it will not be
offensive to anybody.
Mr. COX. I am on thefioor by thecourtesy
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,]
and will yield it in a few moments, and then
the gentleman from Massachusetts may obtain
it with the permission of the gentleman from
Indiana.
I beg to say, in reference to this seeming
inconsistency of the votes on this side of the
House, that I never knew in my experience
here a case iu which there was a more consci-
entious desire to do what was perfectly right
on the part of this side of the House, and on
the part of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, than there was in this very instance.
I had occasion, while this discussion was going
on, having examined the case somewhat mi-
nutely, to draw up what 1 called to-day a pro-
test against what 1 conceived to be the outrage
of admitting this party to a seat in the House.
That protest may seem to be inconsistent with
my subsequent vote. In that protest, signed
by fifty members of the House, and ready for
presentation, we said:
"The undersigned, members of the Forty-First
Congress, respectfully ask to enter their solemn and
earnest protest against the admission of J. II. Sypher
to a seat in this House from the first district of Lou is-
iana. In their judgment this admission is an out-
rage upon the rights of the electors of that district,
who elected his competitor, Hon. Louis St. Martin,
and a usurpation by thisCongress, which has in effcct
added to its own number by the admission of a
person"  1
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a question of order. .
I submit that the gentleman's remarks are not i
in order on the motion now pending, which
is to inform the Governor of Louisiana that ;
there is a vacancy in the representation of the
first congressional district of Louisiana. 1
Mr. COX. I am coming to that. I am ;
working along to that point, and will reach j |
it by and by if the gentleman will only allow |
me. |
Mr. CESSNA. I insist on my point of !
order. j
Mr. SPEAKER. It is one of the most dif-
ficult things in the world to define the latitude
of debate.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me
I will state that 1 am really speaking directly
to the proposition before the House, that we
shall inform the Governor of Louisiana of the
vacancy. Now it is with regard to this matter
of the creation of a vacancy that the consist-
ency of our votes has been called in ques-
tion. And I wish to send to Louisiana, not
only the proposition which had been affirmed
by the House, but whatever of moral force
there may be in our votes in connection with it.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. Where does
the "moral force" come from?
Mr. COX. The "moral force" will come
from gentlemen on the other side of the House,
like the gentleman from Ohio,[Mr.Garfield,]
and some others who voted with this side, and
not from the body of the Republican party in
this House, who were willing, as this protest
says, to bring into a seat in this House—
"A person who was legally and overwhelmingly
defeated by a majority of 12,237 voters out of l'j.aij
j votes cast at tho election."
! Now, the gentleman will see the pertinency
: of my remarks. [Laughter.] But I wish to
say that gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, Republican gentlemen, and Repub-
licans of respectability, too, came over here
and begged us to stand by them in this matter
of declaring this election invalid. And we had
the pluck, the nerve, and the honor to stand by
those gentlemen because they had been defiant
and courageous in standing by what was right
in reference to this case. And we are not
reluctant to tell it anywhere. We have done
our duty in this matter and the House has
responded to our views.
I have only one thing more to add as to an
apology to the Speaker for the remark I made
to-day when the Speaker said I was trifling with
the House in trying to get my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Kerb] on the floor. I will apol-
ogize to the Speaker for my remark as soon as
he apologizes to me for his. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myees.]
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I have only a
few words to say by way of reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.] I had no idea
when I made my remarks to-day, which were
uttered I thought in exceedingly good temper,
that they would sink so deep.
Mr. KERR. Not at all.
Mr. MYERS. If the point I made was a small
one, it appears to have struck very sharply.
The gentleman has been sitting here all the time
1 since conjuring up what he should say upon
this matter. Now, let me say to him that with
all his skill, with his judicial mind, with his
manner, Atlas-like, of bearing the world upon
his shoulders 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
orders.
Mr. KERR. 1 hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not be interrupted.
Mr. MYERS. I am confining myself to 
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. I know the gentleman
is confining himself. That is what I object to.
Mr. MYERS. I want to confine you now.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. MYERS. Allow me one moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to state it. It is that
the Honse cannot extend its time of business to
undertake a thing that cannot be done. It is
an utter impossibility for any set of politicians
on earth to make their records consistent, and
they have no business to try it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MYERS. That is what I have been
trying to prove in reference to the gentleman
from Indiana. I wish to say this, that the skillful
gentleman from Indiana omitted in his refer-
ence to the Globe the latter part of what was
said yesterday. I said to him yesterday, when
he answered me rather curtly, and I suppose
he thought rather smartly, that I desired to
have his views on the question, but that I did
not necessarily take his statements, but must
be governed by the evidence. And I said to
him very properly to-day that my judgment
of yesterday was good because those who took
him at his statement of yesterday found him
voting the other way to-day. I am sorry this
has tronbled the gentleman so much. When
questions come np here for consideration and
discussion I rely upon the facts and the law.
One further remark. A great deal has been
said here about partisanship. I mentioned
