972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
meats a power which they would have exercised
but for it, and hence they call on ua for this
action now ; and this illustrates the importance
of the passage of that law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the iaw, now
what is proposed? The Senator from Maine,
having charge of these matters as chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate, proposes to do the very thing by the Senate
■which we have prohibited the Departments from
doing. Now, why not come forward with an
appropriation and let the Senate and the coun-
try know what it is, and ask Congress to appro-
priate $4,000,000, if that is the sum necessary,
to carry on the business in some bureaus of
the Navy Department, and not propose, as is
done here, to transfer from other bureaus this
sum of money. It amounts to the same thing.
Here it is proposed to make up what is really
a deficiency; it is nothing else. This bill
provides that—
The Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorised to transfer to ana use in the Bureaus of
Construction and Repair and Steam Engineering, for
the purposes thereof, such of the unexpended bal-
ances remaining to the credit of the other bureaus
of the Navy Department, and available for the eur-
rentyear, as may be from time to time required: Pro-
vided, That each transfer to either of the bureaus
first named shall mention the bureau and appropri-
ation from whioh it is transferred, and shall in no case
exceed the amount to its credit: And provided. That
the whole amount transferred to both shall not ex-
ceed $4,000,000 in the aggregate.
We appropriated under the estimates of the
Navy Department at the last Session of Con-
gress, for the use of the Bureaus of Construction
and Repair and Steam Engineering, a specific
sum, which was supposed by Congress to be all
that was necessary for that branch of the pub-
lic service; and now what do we find? We find
an application here now for $4,000,000 more.
Then introduce a bill to appropriate $4,000,000
to make up this deficiency, and not introduce
a bill to do the very thing by Congress which
we have condemned by repealing the law that
authorized the Secretary of the Navy to do it.
That is the objection that I have to the bill.
I am unadvised as to the necessity of having
$4,000,000 more for the benefit of the Bureau
of Construction and Bepair. That may be
necessary, and I have not risen here to oppose
a necessary appropriation without having had
time to look into it and understand ; but I have
risen for the purpose of protesting against this
way of doing it by a transfer of unexpended
balances in other bureaus in that Department,
and I want it to appear on the face of the bill
that there is a deficiency of $4,000,000 that
haa been created here, which has to be made
up, and it has to be made up from money out
of the Treasury, whether you call it a transfer
from other bureaus or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. MORBILL, of Maine. Allow me to
interpose. As this question is likely to involve
more debate than l anticipated when I threw
myself on the indulgence of the Senator from
Wisconsin, I feel obliged now To ask, with the
general consent of the Senate, that this resolu-
tion be allowed to subside, and I shall take my
chances after the Senatorfrom Wisconsin shall
have concluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not occupy more
than five minutes. Still, I am inclined to think
the measure will lead to some debate, and
therefore I will not proceed now, if the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin wishes to speak on his
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to lay this measure aside
to accommodate the Senator from Wisconsin,
and I will take my chanoes after he gets through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be laid aside by general consent.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. HOWE. Now I suppose my bill is up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 376) more effectually to preserve the neutral
relations of the United States is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I ask that the bill to which I
have called the attention of the Senate may be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
A bill more effectually to preserve the neutral rela-
tions of the United States.
Uvea
and eleven of an act entitled "An act in addition to
the act for the punishment of certain critncs against
the United States, and to repeal the acts therein
named," approved April 20,1818, be, and thosame
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HOWE. I am extremely sorry, sir, to
be obliged to submit my remarks to the Senate
at a time when I seem to be obstructing public
business which, doubtless, a majority of the
Senate may consider of much more importance
to the public than the particular subject to
which I have asked the attention of the Senate;
but I am thankful for the promptitude with
which this courtesy has been presented to me.
The only justification I have to plead is the
fact that in a service of nine years here I
believe it is the second time I have ever asked
i the indulgence of the Senate to allow me to
speak upon a subject that was not pending
legitimately before the Senate.
[Mr. Howe proceeded to address the Senate
at length. His speech will be published in the .
Appendix.]
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
other Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] wishes to submit some remarks on this
subject. I take it, however, that if the bill
which was called up by me, and which is now
the business regularly before the Senate, is
not insisted upon at this time, it will lose its
place as the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. CO'NKLING. From the fact of the
Senator's saying "no," I rather think that he
did not understand me. My suggestion was
that unless the bill which was laid aside in-
formally is now reinstated by my insisting
upon it, it will not be the unfinished business for
to-morrow. I will inquire of the Chair whether
I am right in that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by a vote of the Senate it resolved
to proceed to the consideration of the census
bill, and that was informally passed over to
give an opportunity to discuss two proposi-
tions, one from the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and the other the neutrality bill of' the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that it can lie
over a week if thert is no objection on the
part of anybody.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the Ohair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
should adjourn now, in the present condition of
business the neutrality bin, under the seven-
teenth rule,would be the unfinished business For
to -morrow at one o' clock. Besides the usage has
been, when a measure was taken up and it was
laid aside informally, giving place to some
other bill, that if the Senateadjourned with that
other bill pending, the previous business would
not resume its place unless by a formal vote
of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. > Then my honorable
friend from Kansas will see that I am right for
once in my understanding of the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands what he has stated to be the rule,
and also the usage of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree with the Chair
entirely as to the usage of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. So do I.
Mr. CONKLING. I am sure it has been the
usage during the brief time I have been here.
! Now, I should like to inquire of the Senator
; from Wisconsin about his own convenience in
] this matter, for I wish to promote that if I can.
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall be very much
obliged to the Senate if they will allow me to
speak on the subjectof my colleague's bill after
1 the expiration of the morning hour to- morrow,
or this evening, or at any other time that is
agreeable to the body.
Mr. CONKLING. Ijudgsfromalllseethat
in that event other Senators also will expect to
be heard on the subject; Friday is private-bill
day; and the result is quite likely to be, unless
the discussion is confined to the Senator from
Wisconsin, that the entire week will be con-
sumed.
Mr. WILSON. Let this little bill be passed
to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. What " little bill?"
Mr. WILSON. The bill providing for a
small transfer of appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts must be aware that that cannot be
adopted or rejected this evening. Here are
several Senators who have notified the Senate
that they wish to discuss it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think they are
all absent now. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Let us pass it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we can
pass it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
Maine?
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Chair: I did not hear him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Maine to rise to
ask permission to put upon its passage before
the adjournment this evening the joint resolu-
tion which was under discussion before the
Senator from Wisconsin took the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Maine,
of course, suggests that in jest. There are
Senators here who were in the act of discussing
that joint resolution, and who ceased to do so
because the Senator himself asked that it might
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the demand
of the Senator from New York, the census bill
resumes its place before the Senate, and the
Senatorfrom New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator yield to
me?
Mr. CONKLING. Several Senators are
appealing to me to yield the floor. Before I
do so I should like to know for what purpose
they ask it.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to see if I under-
stand a question of order 
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the honorable
Senator from Kansas not to raise a question
of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not. I only want
to state a point.
Mr. CONKLING. I will hear the Senator's
point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend that as the
census bill was laid aside informally to enable
hs to hear the Senator from Wisconsin, it may
still be laid aside informally as long as the
Senator from New York and other Senators
are willing that it shall, and the other Senator
from Wisconsin may continue to-night or to-
morrow. The census bill is still laid aside
informally until some adverse movement is
made to that effect, and other business may be
proceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it is his impression, and he is advised
by an officer of the Senate more familiar with
the usage of the body than himself, that such
has been the usage, thatinformally laying aside
a bill operates only for the day, and if the
Senate adjourns with some other bill pending
which is taken up after the bill previously
under consideration has been laid aside infor-
mally, that is the unfinished business and must
be proceeded with, and the other bill loses its
place until the Senate determines by a vote to
proceed again to its consideration.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
New York yield to me?
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Senator
from Alabama wishes to make a motion to
adjourn. I yield to him for that purpose.
