3804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
to find such propositions made as this bill con-
tains. He was the champion of the Constitu-
tion, under which this pretense of power has
been created ; he was its defender against all
comers, all those who sought to prove it a des-
potic form of Government or likely to endanger
the liberties of the States and the people. In
No. 59 of the Federalist he makes this state-
ment:
"Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late the elections for the particular States, would any
man have hesitated to condemn it, both as an unwar-
rantable transposition of power and as a premedi-
tated engine for the destruction of State govern-
ments?"
And that, sir, is the precise description of
this bill which I suppose is to be passed by the
Senate. No phrase will suit it better than that
."it is a premeditated engine for the destruc-
tion of State governments," because by this
bill yon propose to sweep all the police pow-
ers of the Slates, pending the exercise of their
most important franchise, at a period of cul-
minating excitement, into the grasp of Federal
power. All safeguards against election frauds,
all attempts to enforce the purity of elections
heretofore created by the States, are taken
away by this bill. All the provisions that long
experience and jealous watchfulness have dic-
tated are rudely brushed aside; the habits of
the people, their local customs and habits,
those things which have grown gray with use
among them, are all to be disregarded. All
that local self government has heretofore found
best suited for the purpose of protecting the
right to the use of the ballot is to be swept
away by this bill.
Why, sir, what becomes of registration laws?
You here permit an ex parte oath to take the
place of every gua>-d which heretofore existed;
and characteristically by this bill the ex parte
affidavit of any man who wants to vote, and
who has not complied with the prerequisites
for easting his vote, if made falsely, has no
punishment provided for it. A bill that in
almost every section contains a severe and
excessive penalty for the violations of the act,
yet contains no punishment for the most flagi-
tious of all offenses, the taking of a false oath
for the purpose either of injuring a fellow-
being, or of gaining some right to which the
party is not entitled.
Now, sir, for whom has all this been done?
For whose protection ? It has been only for
the ignorant, semi-barbarous race unfit for
voting, manufactured into voters and allies of
the Republican party to sustain themselves a
little longer in power. Why cannot a word be
said in 1 his bill for the white naturalized citi-
zen of the United States, say those in Rhode
Island, for instance, where negroes now, as
for a long time past, have been permitted to
vote and exempted from qualifications that the
constitution and laws of that State impose on
all white naturalized citizens ?
With what measure is it that you propose to
replace the well-tested, adjudicated laws of
the States, by them ordained in past years for
(he protection of this franchise? 1 ask the
Seriate, 1 ask the country still more, to con-
template the, outrageous severity of the pun-
ishments and fines contained in this bill. It
was said that the code of Draco was so severe
that it was written rather in human blood than
in ink. It might almost be said in regard to
this law. Compare the provisions of this law
with the acts of the State Legislatures relating
to offenses of a similar character. I know the
penalties prescribed by the State in which I
live, one of the original thirteen, a State where
law has been respected as much as in any other
in the Union; where property, life, and per-
son all have been equally protected with any
other; where a man's right to hold office has
been subjected to as little interference that was
wrong, go far as the people of the State were
concerned, as in any other State in this Union;
and yet compare the heavy penalties exacted
by *the law now under consideration of an I
officer of election, who, acting in a judicial
capacity, one requiring the exercise of discre-
tion, and acting under oath, is to be punished,
and punished, as I will presently show, for
crimes so illy defined, that I hope for that rea-
son, if for none other, your law will turn out
to be utterly impracticable in its operation.
The fines and penalties are to be found in
twelve sections out of the twenty-three sec-
tions of this law. Twelve sections of this law
contain the most extravagant punishments for
failures to perform certain duties or the com-
mission of forbidden acts, not less than $500
fine and imprisonment not less than a month.
There is no limitation to the fine, none what-
ever; it may be $50,000; imprisonment may
tend to a year; and for similar offenses in the
State of Delaware men are fined from fifty to
one hundred dollars, and no man was ever im-
prisoned for such a transgression, and no law
there ever required it.
Not only that, sir, but these penalties are
cumulative ; you not only fine the man in an
amount to be given to the informer, but you
then make him guilty of a public offense and
fine him again for the misdemeanor and after
all that the party aggrieved has his action on
the case at common law to recover for such
damages as might be due him—a right that has
always existed ; that exists now, whether with
this law or without it.
There is another commentary upon this law.
It is that the offenses, whether of omission or
commission, are indefinite, and that tends to
injustice. Dolus latet in generalibus, every law-
yer recognizes as true ; and it is more danger-
ous in criminal than other legislation. In
criminal pleading there must he certainty to
a particular intent—that certainty which is the
life of criminal justice, which courts insist upon
always, that the party shall have his offense
defined in order that he may know precisely
wherein to meet the allegation.
What do you find here? Look at section two
and see the character of the offense for which
an officer of election shall not only " forfeit and
pay the sum of $500 to the person aggrieved
thereby, to be recovered by an action on the
case, with full costs and such allowance for
counsel fees as the court shall deem just," but
" shall also, for every such offense, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be fined not less than $500, or
be imprisoned not less than one month and not
morfthan one year, or both, at the discretion
of the court."
What is that offense? In line thirteen it
is, " if he shall refuse or knowingly omit to
give full effect to this section." Is it not an
absurdity to draw an indictment upon such a
law as that? No judge would sustain such a
conviction ; he would arrest instantly any such
attempt to convict a man upon so vague a
phrase as that, " omit to give full effect to this
section." The section contains some twenty-
ono lines, and upon that a man is to bo fined
in an amount without limit, or imprisoned for
a time, which may be one year, or both fined
and imprisoned.
Again, section six provides:
That if two or more persons shall band or conspire
together, or go in disguise upon the public highway,
or upon the premises ot another, with intent to vio-
lsito any provision of this aot, or to injure, oppress,
threaten, or intimidato any citizen with intent to
preventor hinder his free exerciseand enjoyment; of
any right or privilege granted or secured to him by
the Constitution or laws of the United States, or
becauso of his having exercised the same—
What a proposition! What are the "rights
or privileges secured to citizens by the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States?" If you
mean to make it an offense to invade these
rights, it is your duty as legislators to point
out the precise offense intended. That could
be made the basis, with a partial court, with
an excited and partial jury, to convict a man
for an act apparently the most innocent, by
raking up some possible right, throwing a drag-
net over all the laws of the United States, over
the Constitution of the United States, and
from all those extracting some possible exer-
cise. of a right or privilege which this party
intimidated another from enjoying, and upon
conviction of such an offense as that, the party
is to be made infamous as a felon—
Shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, at the dis-
cretion of the court, the fine not to exceed $5,000,
and the imprisonment not to exceed teu years, and
shall, moreover, be thereafter ineligible to, and dis-
abled from, holding any office nr. place of honor,
profit, or trust created by the Constitution or laws of
the United States.
Here, with this utterly indefinite charge
against a man, something that no man could
discover if he talked for a week,. and under-
took to point out all the possibilities that par-
tisan ingenuity could define, the partiality of
prejudiced jurors or judges jpay create that a
felony of which no man dreams at this time,
and which no man can define with that cer-
tainty which criminal justice requires you to
exercise in creating statutory offenses of a
high grade.
Furthermore, sir, thislaw proposes to enforce
the laws of the States—to act upon State offi-
cers. I thought it long ago was settled by the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the
leading case of Prigg vs. The Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, that Congress cannot impose
any duty on a State officer, or enforce the per-
formance by a State officer of any duty; and
yet, in the face of that, explicit decision, here
is the attempt to do this by the seventh section !
Thatifin the act ofviolating any provision in either
of the two preceding sections, any other felony,
crime, or misdemeanor shall be committed, tho
offender, on conviction of such violation of said
sections, shall be punished for the same with such
punishments as are attached to the said felonies,
crimes, and misdemeanors, by the laws of the State
in which the offense may be committed.
Crimes are evil in themselves, and they are
prohibited. These are the two generic classes.
The States may make acts offenses which are
not wrong in their own nature ; and under this
clause the Congress of the United States under-
takes to punish a man with penalties created
only by the laws of the States, and those laws
not even recited in the act under which you
pretend to make them efficient. In section
twenty two the same thing occurs. Here is
again the attempt in lines seven, eight, and
.nine of the twenty-second section, that de-
clares—
That any officer of any election at which any Repre-
sentative or Delegate in the Congress of the United
States shall be voted for, whether such officer o( elec-
tion be appointed or created by or under any law
or authority of the United States, or by or under
any State, territorial, district, or municipal law or
authority—
That is to say, whether he is created by the
laws of any State or Territory, or by munici-
pal law—
who shall neglect or refuse to perform any duty
in regard to such election required of him by any
law ot the United States, or ot any State or Territory
thereof.
That is again an attempt to enforce uooti a
State officer duties that you did not institute
and that you cannot compel him to perform,
because he is not your officer nor your crea-
ture ; and yet in defiance of the lixeu decisions
of the court of last resort in this country, in
defiance of what I may term the explicit sense
of the country on this subject, here is the at-
tempt to use State officers for Federal purposes
in defiance of the decisions of the judicial
branch of your own Government.
Sir, this bill deserves the name of a pestifer-
ous law. It is a law calculated to promote
litigation. It is a law designed to promote perse-
cutions and prosecutions. It gives premiums
and fees to pettifogging attorneys and unscru-
pulous litigants, and that in cases where they
are to be themselves benefited by their own
testimony.
Why, sir, look at section three. It provides
that where a man has not been assessed, or
has not been registered, or has not performed
any other prerequisite required by the consti-
tution or laws of a State before he shall vote,
he may come forward, and on making his ex
