1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3805
parte affidavit that he lias proposed to do these
tilings and lias been prevented, and that his
vote has been refused by a person whose sense
of duty compels him to refuse it, then the
party is to recover $500, " with full costs and
such allowance of counsel fees as the court
shall deem just." That provision for paying
these parties-claimant counsel fees is certainly
something new, so far as my knowledge ex-
tends in the legislation of the United. States.
I know there has been an evil practice of
paying that wretched class of persons called
public informers. I know that this country
has been disgraced by the creation of a class
of social spies and informers upoti their fellow-
citizens who have made a base living by un-
dertaking to inform upon their fellow-men,
destroying all confidence in social intercourse
between man and man. But even under those
laws never yet was it proposed that you should
bring the pettifogging attorney in and give him
fees in addition to the fine which the informer
is to pocket upon procuring a conviction.
These features run all through the act.
Twelve sections out of twenty-three establish
fines and penalties, and every section contains
an additional reward for the man who shall
stimulate litigation. There is a maxim well
known, and no more wholesome one is known
to the law, than that "it is for the benefit of
the .Republic that there should be an end to
lawsuits." What a commentary is that maxim
upon this proposed law 1
Sir, in the course of the debate that occurred
here last week, a Senator of the majority, I
believe the honorable Senator from Vermont,
not now in his seat, [Mr. JBdmunds,] avowed
that one of the provisions of this law was bor-
rowed from the fugitive slave act of 1850,
which created so much indignation in the
northern country and which was so potent an
instrument in the hands of congressmen and
orators ill that section in changing the admin-
istration of the Government. And yet such
are the lessons of time and so little are they
regarded, that the senior Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] is found advocating
warmly a measure containing sections confess-
edly borrowed from that act of which he was
one of the most violent denunciators; a meas-
ure which levels against those who shall under-
take to discriminate against voters on account
of race or color, one of the very weapons taken
from the armory of the old pro-slavery party,
and behold the Senator whose arm lends it
force is the Senator from Massachusetts.
Another thing this bill does. It creates a
new army of oflicials, a swarm of officials who
are to cover the country and eat out the sub-
stance of the people by their costs and legal
expenses. These classes are provided for with-
out limit, and the discretion to create such
officers is reposed in one of the humblest
classes of Government officials. I mean by
that those who are subject to removal by an
immediate superior, who are low in grade of
office!. Section nine provides :
That the district attorneys, marshals, and deputy
marshals of the United States, the commissioners
appointed by the circuit and territorial courts of the
United Stales, withpowersof arresting, imprisoning,
or bailing offenders against the laws of the United
States, and every other officer who may be specially
empowered by the President of the United States,
shall be. and they are hereby, specially authorized.
Here, then, is the power of appointment by
the President without limitation as to number.
One might have supposed that the dignity of
the presidential office, the confiding of the
power to a single man, might possibly limit the
number of such appointments ; but we find in
line nineteen of the same section that—
With a view to afford reasonable protection to
all persona in their constitution a! right to vote with-
out distinction of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, and to the prompt discharge of the
duties of tiiis act, it shall be the duty of the circuit
courts of the United States, and the superior courts
of the Territories of the United States, from time to
tune, to increase the number of commissioners, so as
to afford a speedy and convenient means for the
arrest and examination of persons charged with a
violation of this act.
Here, then, is the second source from which
a new swarm of these officers is to be created.
But the bill does not stop there. Having shown
you that the President can appoint as many as
lie pleases, that the courts can appoint as many
as they please, we find in section ten, the bet-
ter to enable these appointees of the President
and of the courts, the commissioners—
To execute their duties faithfully and efficiently,
in conformity with the Constitution of the United
States and the requirements of this act, they are
hereby authorized and empowered, within their dis-
tricts respectively, to appoint, in writing under their
hands, any one or more suitable persons, from time
to time, to execute all such warrants.
Here is another unlimited power of appoint-
ment: "one or more suitable persons," at
the convenience and the discretion of these
commissioners. This is an act which is leveled
chiefly against the southern States, but it is
one that will be paid for out of the public
Treasury of the United States; for all these
fees, and all these rewards, and all these ex-
penses must be paid in the first instance out
of the public Treasury, although the law pro-
vides for their subsequently being included in
the judgment in case of conviction. How
many men would be able to pay them ? We
all know the class of men who would be capa-
ble of committing the offense of preventing
another from exercising his due franchises;
and what would your judgment a,gainst them
be worth? These parties would have received
their money, and the attempt to collect the
money from men who are commonly insolvent
would be worthless.
Then, in case this scheme is to be tried, if
a sense of justice, if a sense of fraternal duty
to their fellow-citizens of the southern States
shall not involve the indignation of the people
of the North against this and its kindred meas-
ures, let at least the sense of their own expense
be invoked ; if no other nerve responds let the
pocket-nerve respond to the fact that they have
to pay for their sport in this particular. I am
very sure that in the class of men whom this
bill will create there will be found armies of
them willing and anxious to be rewarded from
the public Treasury by these extravagant fees.
One "of the causes of the severance of the
Colonies which are now States of this Union
from the Government of Great Britain, one of
the reasons and justifications for that severance
set forth in the Declaration of Independence,
was—
"The erection of a multitude of new officers sent
hither to harass our people and cat out our sub-
stance."
This bill will answer that description of
injury more perfectly than anything the people
ol the American Colonies ever suffered from
the British crown.
This proposed law will sow discord through-
out the land. As I have stated before, it will
create lawsuits and reward men for bringing
them, create a class of litigious, small-minded
lawyers willing to profit by litigation between
their fellow-citizens. It will sow discord in
this country. It will sow dragon's teeth in
this land; ana whether armed men may, as in
the Grecian fable, spring from such a sowing,
is a thing that I can only hope maybe averted,
hut with regard to which I have the gravest
apprehensions, so vast are the opportunities
for abuse under this law in the bauds of the
class of men whom you create by it to make
their profit under it.
What a commentary are the provisions of
this law upon that party who went through
their last political canvass under the catch-
word, " Let us have peace!" Here is a meas-
ure of discord, intended to be such, intended,
as I believe, to provoke conflicts, in order that
a pretext may exist for a still further grasp
of arbitrary and dangerous powers by Con-
gress.
Sir, the provisions of this bill are very num-
erous. It has twenty-three sections, and em-
bodies within itself the reenaetment of another
bill passed in August, 1866, containing ten sec-
tions more, making in all thirty-three sections
of a law which, as I said before, was absolutely
not before the Senate in a shape that was legi-
ble until this morning at eleven o'clock.
I do believe and have my hopes that the
very severities of this law will stand in the way
of its execution. I believe that its severities,
its illegalities, and enormities will be recti-
fied in great part by just judges. I believe its
cruelties will in a great degree be curbed by
that sentiment of humanity which will pervade
the juries of our country ; and that in this way,
when it has been exposed in all its enormity,
there will be a returning sense of reason and
proper feeling among our people that will not
long suffer it to disgrace the statute-book.
The committee of conference have reported
what is really a new section in this bill; and
I was surprised to hear the honorable Senator
from Vermont declare that there was nothing
new m what the conferees did. Look at sec-
tion twenty-one of this bill. There is the pro-
vision respecting the conviction and punish-
ment of offenses under this act. It under-
takes to lay down the principles of evidence
by which courts of law shall try offenses against
this act. What does it do? It completely
overturns all the beneficent presumptions of
the common law, which has been our safety,
which has been our pridein comparing it with
the sterner codes of the civil law, that a maa
shall be presumed innocent until he is proven
guilty. But by this act you presume him guilty
and put upon him the onus of showing his own
innocence ; and that in a manner that will be
almost impossible. You here declare, in the
twenly-first section.
That whenever, by the laws of any State or Terri-
tory,the nameof a,ny candidate or person to be voted
for as Representative or Delegate in Congress shall
be required to be printed, written, or contained in
any ticket or ballocwith other candidates or persons
to be voted for at the same election for State, ter-
ritoiial, municipal, or local officers, it shall besuih-
cieirt prima facie evidence, either for the purpose of
indicting or convicting any person charged with
voting, or attempting or offering to vote unlawlully
under the provisions of the preceding sections, or
for committing either of the offenses thereby created
to prove that the person so charged or indicted,
voted, or attempted or offered to vote, such ballot or
ticket, or committed either of the offenses named in
the preceding sections of this act with reference to
such ballot.
Thatis to say, it will not be sufficient that in
many districts no opposition candidate may be
nominated ; it will not be sufficient that there
was but one man running, on the contrary, a
man may scratch his ticket; or may substitute
another name, or he may leave off entirely
the name of any candidate for Representative
in Congress, and yet under this law he is to
be presumed to have done that which by no
necessity need he have done, aDd you are not
called upon to prove it, but you are justi-
fied in convicting and fixing upon him a most
severe punishment or a series of most severe
punishments such as may confine him to prison
for a long period or may break his fortune
entirely.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will it not be necessary
for the prosecution under that section to prove
fraud, in the first place, before this presump-
tion arises? Does not the presumption that a
man voted for Representative at the election
grow out of proof that he did commit a fraud
or attempt to commit a fraud at that election?
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator
knows that you satisfy the demands of this act
and can convict alone upon merely proving the
fact of his having voted for the other candi-
dates, without proving the fact of his having
voted for the person whose election you alone
are justified here in attacking:
It shall be sufficient prima facie evidence', either
for the purpose of indietingorconvicting any person
charged with voting or attempting orofiermg to vote
unlawfully under the provisions of the preceding
sections, or for committing either of the ottenses
thereby created, to prove that the person so charged
or indicted voted or attempted or offered to vote such
