1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. . '
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that motion will be
withdrawn in order to allow me to make one
suggestion. ^,
Sir. CONKLING. W ith what view!
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
Se'uator, I will say that I understand it will be
agreeable to the Senator from W isconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] to go on at half past twelve to-mor-
row morning; and if there could be an under-
standing to that effect it seems to me that that
would leave the way open for other business—
the business of the" Senator from Maine and
the census hill. For one I am very anxious to
proceed with the last measure, and I hope there
mav be an understanding before we adjourn
that the Senator from Wisconsin shall have the
floor at half past twelve to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
a two-thirds vote, being a special order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say a
word about that.
Mr. SUMNER. There can be an under-
standing without a two-thirds vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The floor is in
the possession of the Senator from New York
if he claims it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I have
a right to speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York does not claim the floor, and
the Senator from Maine will proceed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say a
word about this appropriation bill in my charge,
which I have occupied a few moments with, and
which I had hoped, after the remarks of the
Senator from Wisconsin just closed, to press
on the attention of the Senate; and I trust now
that no arrangement will be made which will
shut me out of the opportunity at least of hav-
ing half an hour during the morning hour to-
morrow without interfering with either the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who desires to address
the Senate to-morrow, or the Senator from
New York, who may claim the order of the
day at one o'clock. I make this suggestion in
the way of formal notice to the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. I believe I have the floor
by the consent of the Senator from New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York is still entitled to the floor,
but yields to the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 2, 1870.
The Hoaae met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Gr. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
NUMBER OP INDIANS.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted, by direction of the Committee on
Appropriations, the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
be, and he is hereby, directed to inform this House
at the earliest moment practicable of the number of
Indians m each of the various tribes named in the
hook of estimates at the date of the last ennmeration
ot said tribes; also, the number of said Indians at
the time when any annuity, permanent, or other-
wise, in money, goods, or for other purposes, was
agreed to be paid by any treaty whatever. In de-
u a census of any tribe at the time of any treaty,
then the first subsequent enumeration made of any
such tribe is required to be furnished.
long branch and sea-shore railroad.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a copy of all papers on file
u> the War Department relating to the jurisdiction
of the General Government over Sandy Hook and
tho neok of land extending for several miles above
tho " llorse Shoe," separating the ocean from Sandy !
Hook bay and the Shrewsbury river, in tho State of ■
New Jersey; and also a copy of the agreement, if
any. between tho War Department and the Long
Branch and Sea-Shore Railroad Company, giving to
said company authority to construct a railroad over
Government property.
cuba.
Mr. LOGAN^ by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were referred to the Committee on
Foreigu Affairs:
"Whereas the people of Cuba have for more than
fifteen months carried on active hostilities against
Spain for the purpose of gaining their independence
and establishing a republican government; and
whereas they have established and still maintain a.
de facto government, and now occupy with their
armies and control a large portion of said island;
Therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
bo instructed to inquire what reasons now exist, if
any, why the republic of Cuba should not be recog-
nized by tho Government as a belligerent, and as
such be entitled to tho rights of belligerents.
little rock and fort smith railroad.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1069) to amend an act
entitled "An act to extend the time for the
Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Company
to complete the first section of twenty miles of
said road," approved April 10, 1869; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
meteorological observations.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) to
authorize the Secretary of War to provide for
taking meteorological observations at the mili-
tary stations and other points in the interior of
the continent, and for giving notice on the
northern lakes and sea-board of the approach
and force of storms; which was read a first
I and second time.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent for
the present consideration of the joint resolu-
tion.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes and requires the Secretary of War
i to provide for taking meteorological observa-
tions at the military stations in the interior of
| the continent and at other points in the States
1 and Territories of the United States, and for
• giving notice on the northern lakes and on the
sea-coast, by magnetic telegraph and marine
\ signals, of the approach and force of storms.
; The joint resolution wa3 ordered to be
; engrossed and read a third time; and being
| engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eight-hour law.
Mr. COX. Some days ago a bill with ref- !
erence to the eight-hour law was referred to the ;
Committee on the Judiciary. I move that it |
be printed. !
The motion was agreed to.
naturalization. j
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary a bill (H.
R. No. 1070) to establish a uniform system
of naturalization and to regulate proceedings
under the same ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the same committee.
jackson and saginaw railroad.
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Public Lands \
the bill (H. R. No. 471) to enable the Jackson,
Lansing, and Saginaw Railroad Company to
change the northern terminus of its road from ,
Traverse bay to the straits of Mackinaw; and
moved that that committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals.
The motion was agreed to.
john black.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1071) for the relief
of John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
united states ship wyoming.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1072) for the relief of the offi-
cers and crew of the United States ship Wyom-
ing ; which was read a first and secoud time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
same committee.
buildings for war department.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be directed to
furnish to the House any report made to the War
Department by a commission appointed under the
seventh section of the act of Congress approved July
28,1806, in referenco to the erection of suitable build-
ings for the War Department in Washington.
jail of tiie district of columbia.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent,submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the testimony taken before the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds of tho
Fortieth Congress in relation to the jail of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and now on filo in the office of the
Clerk, be referrod to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
militia of missouri.
Mr. DYER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Missouri, requesting that the
militia of that State be placed on the same
footing as other troops for pensions and bounty;
which was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
clerk to a committee.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the rules, to the Committee on
Accounts:
Resolved, That the select Committee on the Causes
of the Reduction of American Tonnage be authorized
to employ a clerk during so much of the second ses-
1 sion of the Forty-First Congress as his services may
be required, at 81 80 per day.
harbors in michigan.
' On motion of Mr. STOUGHTON, by unani-
mous consent, it was ordered that the bill (H.
R. No. 968) making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors in the State
of Michigan be printed.
thomas f. bowler.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads was discharged from the further
consideration of the case of Thomas F. Bowler,
of San Diego, California; and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
treasury agents.
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to furnish the House of Representatives
with the names of all special agents and assistant
special agents of the Treasury Department on tho
rolls of the Department on the 4th day of March,
1869; the compensation, mileage, and expenses paid
to each since that date; also, the names of such
agents and assistant agents appointed since March
4,1869, the amount of compensation for salary, mile-
age, and expenses paid to each, including office rent
or other expenses incurred by the Department for
the use of such officers, when incurred, the place
where each officer is now stationed, and the several
appropriations from which such officers' compensa-
tion, mileage, or other expenses on their account
were and aro severally paid.
