4750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution 0i the United States having been ratified in
good faith by a legal Legislature of said State, it is
hereby declared that the State of Georgia is enti-
tled to representation in the Congress of the United
States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the aet entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending June
SO, 1868, and for other purposes," approved March
2,1867, as prohibits the organization, arming, oreall-
ing into service of the militia forces in the States of
Georgia, Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia, be, and the
yaine is hereby, repealed.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wUli to in-
quire whether what has just been read is in
order as an amendment to the original text?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to
amend the original text of the House bill.
Mr. DAWES. I mean the text as it comes
from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That will also be open to
amendment. The Chair will state the parlia-
mentary position of the question. This bill
was originally passed by the House, and came
back from the Senate with a substitute. As
the Chair understands, the Committee on Re-
construction now report a substitute for the
proposition of the Senate. It will be in order
to amend the text of the Senate substitute
prior to taking the question on the substitute
of the committee. It will also be in order to
amend the substitute reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. CESSNA. I-wish to offer an amend-
ment, to the Senate proposition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will yield
to the gentleman in a moment. 1 wish the
House to understand exactly my position and
the reasons which govern my action. The
Committee on Reconstruction have reported a
substitute for the Senate amendment. This
substitute declares Georgia entitled to admis-
sion upon certain fundamental conditions. My
colleague [Mr. Dawes] proposes to ameud the
Senate amendment so as to admit the State
without any conditions. The amendment of
my colleague and the substitute of the com-
mittee agree in the provision that the militia
of the States of Georgia, Mississippi, Texas,
and Virginia shall be reorganized. I do not
mean to antagonize the amendment of my col-
league, and therefore I allow it to be offered.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cessj?a.]
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts takes his seat, will he permit me to
make a single suggestion ?
Mr. BUTLER, uf Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. The chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Buti.kr, of Massachusetts,] has re-
ported a bill from the committee. What I
desire is that the amendments which the com-
mittee also authorized to be reported shall be
now reported before the offering of amend-
ments by gentlemen who do not belong to the
committee. Eight of the fifteen members of
the committee agreed in the first place upon
the proposition which has been reported by the
chairman. One gentleman of the committee
subsequently changed his opinion and gave his
support, to the amendment which the gentle- :
man from Illinois [Mr. Faen.wortii] is now j
prepared to offer, and whieli amendment has j
now the sanction of eight of the members of j
the committee, while the proposition reported
by the chairman is approved by only seven. I
desire that both propositions shall he placed
before the House before amendments are re-
ceived from gentlemen who are not members
of the committee.
Mr. CESSNA. I hope that my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beok] will not insist on that
proposition. The committee failed to agree
on a former occasion, and the result was con-
fusion ; they have again failed to agree ; and
now I hope that they will allow the House to
undertake this job, that we may see whether we
cannot bring about a result which will har-
monize conflicting sentiments and be acceptable
possibly to all parties ; at least let us make the
effort. The amendment which I offer is sim-
ilar in effect to the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Dawes]
for the Senate bill. My amendment proposes
to strike out the preamble and the first section
of the bill reported by the committee, and to
insert the following:
Beitenac[ed,&c.% That the State of Georgia having
complied with the reconstruction acts, and the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution
of tho United States having been ratified in good
faith by a legal Legislature of said State, It is hereby
declared that tho State of Georgia is entitled to rep-
resentation in tho Congress of the United States.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. My point of order
is that I object under the rule to the gentleman
from Massachusetts yielding to have amend-
ments offered here. He may yield for explan-
ation ; but he cannot yield to have amend-
ments offered unless he surrenders the floor;.
and when ho surrenders the floor I ask to be
recognized.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields
the floor for amendments, by the rules lie yields
it absolutely; but it would be within the dis-
cretion of the Chair whether he would recog-
nize him again or not.
Mr. FARNSWORPII. Undoubtedly it
would. The gentleman having yielded io the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
had no right to resume the floor. According
to the general custom of the House a member
of a committee should be first, recognized to
offer an amendment.
Tho SPEAKER. The point the gentleman
makes is in strict accordance with the letter of
til0 rule, but yet not quite in accordance with
the practice of the House. It is competent for
the gentleman having charge ol'a bill to yield
for amendments ; but it rests in the discretion
of the Chair to again recognize him or not,
The Chair will recognize tho gentleman from
Illinois when the gentleman from Massaehn
setts has concluded. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts first took the floor and has occu-
pied it for twenty minutes. The Chair will not
enforce that rule in strictness against the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is any further amendment,
in order until the pending amendments have
been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It, is not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to say that
I represent the majority of the committee on
this subject.
Mr. BEAMAN. The agreement in the com-
mittee was that its members should have an
opportunity to offer amendments to this bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, by yield-
ing to lus colleague [Mr. Dawes] and to tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,]
has taken it out of the power of any of the
members of the committee to move their
amendments until the pending amendments
have been disposed of. The members of the
committee were to have an opportunity to offer
their amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to give them that opportunity so far as T can.
Mr. BEAMAN. i understand the parlia-
mentary position to be that you have precluded
tho members of the committee from offering
any amendments until the pending amend-
ments are disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. It is just for that
reason I have raised the point of order. In
this matter I in fact represent the majority of
the Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman ought,
to have reported the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lam instructed by
the majoiity of the members of the committee
to report an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Are you authorized by a
majority of the committee to offer it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I so understand it.
That was the order of the committee, that the
members of the Committee on Reconstruction
should have the right to offer amendments. I
have one to offer under the instructions of the
majority of the committee.
Mr. CESSNA. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry of the Chair. I wish to know
whether the Committeeon Reconstruction could
make any arrangement to the exclusion of the
rights of members upon the floor under the
rules of the House ?
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman's question
does not require an answer. It is within the
power of the House to control the whole matter.
Amendments are to be considered in their order
as offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
not in order. His amendment is precisely,
word for word, like the first section of the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule
the point of order. A member may desire a
vote on part of an amendment and not upon
the whole of it, and for that purpose he may
move an amendment t,o the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a substitute for
the other.
Mr. CESSNA. It is not a substitute.
The SPEAKER. In order that the House
may comprehend the condition of the question
the Chair will restate it. 'The bill comes back
from the Senate with a substitute. The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction report an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves
an amendment to the Senate substitute, and the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna]
an amendment to the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. No further
amendment, (lending that, can be entertained.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Where does the
amendment 1 am authorized by the majority
of the committee to offer come in?
The SPEAKER. It will come in if the
House refuse to second the previous question
and the pending amendment is voted down.
The matter is entirely within the power of the
House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, allow
mo to say that a statement of my colleague
may have misled the Chair. It was stated that
tho committee had not agreed to a report. The
fact is not exactly so. The majority of the
committee have agreed on a report, and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
has been instructed to submit that report to
the House.
Tho SPEAKER. If this be not the report
of the committee which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr.BuTLEB] makes,itbehooves
some member of the committee to raise the
point that the report made by the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts is not authorized, and then
it would be the duty of the Chair to submit that
question to the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. The majority of the
committee are endeavoring to get before the
House the report which the majority have au-
thorized General Farnsworth to make. They
desire that the amendment of that gentleman
shall be admitted.
Mr. CESSNA. I raise the point of order
that these gentlemen of the Reconstruction
Committee are not authorized to state what
took place in the committee. I submit that
the Chair can only be informed of the proceed-
ings of the committee by its chairman, or by
some other of its members whom the commit-
tee may depute to act for it.
Mr. BECK. In reply to the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cessna,] I would say that the Committee
on Reconstruction, by a vote of the committee,
authorized what took place in the committee
to be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER, Among the most difficult
points to rule upon are tliose which arise out
of disputes in the committees. The Chair un-
derstood the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to be authorized to make the
report which he did. If that be challenged 
Mr. BECK. I challenge that. If the Chair
