1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3807
see that the Senator from Nevada is impatient
to proclaim to the Senate and to the country
the beauties of this, his bantling. Sir, it was
reserved to the State of Nevada, containing a
population of some twenty-five thousand, per-
haps, to improve upon the work of Virginia
and Massachusettsand New York, and the other
great States of this Union, and to the repre-
sentative from Nevada to improve upon the
work of Madison and of Hamilton !
Nr. STEWAIIT. It is two minutes and a
half past the time at which I was to commence.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does the Senator
object to my speaking further?
Mr. STEWART. I suppose the agreement
ought to be kept.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator objects
to my proceeding further 1 will take my seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair understood that
the time was extended fifteen minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind the Senator
from Nevada that the time was extended for
taking the vote until a quarter past three.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understood ; but he is not informed exactly
whether that is the understanding of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. No; that was objected to,
and it was not so agreed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair was not in the chair at
the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was not aware of any
such agreement, and I ask the Chair whether
there was any such understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a proposition was made to extend
the time for fifteen minutes, on account of the
occupation of a portion of the morning hour
by the bill for the benefit of the Wilberforee
University ; but the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] demanded the regular order, which
cut off anything being done on that suggestion.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask that the time be
sxtpndsd
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Several Senators. There is.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I must con-
gratulate the Senate 
Mr. VICKERS. I ask for a vote of the Sen-
ate on the question. I think this courtesy ought
to be extended to the Senator from Delaware.
I want to know who votes for it and who
against it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Maryland that he cannot take a vote of
the Senate on such a question. There was an
agreement that the vote should be taken to-
day at three o'clock. That was agreed to yes-
terday on my suggestion. I hope my friend
from Maryland will withdraw his proposition
under the circumstances.
Mb. STEWART. Five minutes of my time
have already gone.
Mr. BAYARD,
explanation.
_ Mr. STEWART,
time.
Mr. BAYARD.
I desire to say a word of
All this comes out of my
I think the honorable Sen-
ator himself would desire to hear my explana-
tion, because nothing can be more important
than the preservation of good faith by gentle-
men on this floor. When half past twelve
o'clock came there were delays; and among
others, the honorable Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Thayer] came down to me, as it was sup-
posed I was then to have the floor, and said to
me that if time was given for the purpose of
allowing other measures to be introduced there
would be no difficulty about the postponement
of this vote for fifteen minutes; arid 1 think
the honorable Senator from Nevada came down
too, and assented to the proposition. He can
answer as to that.
Mr. STEWART. I was not here; I was
not in the room at the time.
Mr. BAYARD. I only know that the hon-
orable Senator from California was entitled to
the floor, and gave way half a dozen times to
other gentlemen who asked it, with full knowl-
edge of the Senate, the understanding being
that remarks were not to be cut short on this
measure by other things being taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska did ask that the time should be
extended. The Senator from Californiayielded
ten minutes. He took the floor at half past
twelve, and yielded for ten minutes to several
Senators to present morning business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not be mean on
a question of courtesy, and I hope ten minutes
will be allowed.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from Delaware continuing
his remarks until a quarter before three o'clock?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. Ifwehavean
understanding I want to carry it out.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope there will be no
objection. I ohjected this morning to proceed-
ing with the Wilberforee University bill because
I feared it would cut this debate short.
Mr. STEWART. I object to the time being
occupied in this discussion. I have lost five
minutes of my time already. I want to get
through.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I decline to be inter-
rupted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada is entitled to the floor, and can-
not be taken from it without his consent, except
by a question of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to inquire, for
information, what was the understanding of
the Chair?
Mr. STEWART. I decline to be inter-
rupted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that according to his understanding the
time was not extended. The Senator from
Maine demanded the regular order, and the
Chair had no opportunity of putting the ques-
tion to the Senate on the suggestion to extend
the time.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I con-
gratulate the Senate and the country that we
are about to assert some of the powers of Con-
gress for the protection of voters ; for thepro-
tectionof the down-trodden ; for the protection
of persons in their political and civil rights;
that we are about to get a bill which asserts
something of the dignity and power of this
nation.
It has been stated by some in the course of
the debate that no legislation is necessary, and
by others that this fifteenth amendment is a
fraud and shall be of short duration. I tell
the Opposition that it is no fraud, and that its
duration will bo perpetual. Bights guarantied
and granted to the people cannot be taken from
them. No party can stand on the basis of tak-
ing away such rights. When the high-sounding
phrase came from certain pretended or real
leaders of the Democratic party that they in-
tended to acquiesce in the fifteenth amendment,
I did not then believe in the good faith of the
declarations so made. The statements which
have come from the other side since this debate
has begun convince me that I was right; that
they did not intend to do it in good iaith, but
intended to pass by this Congress and then
break it down. I congratulate the Senate and
the country that we have this legislation in
time to head off these designs, in time to give
force and effect to this great amendment, in
time to secure to all citizens of the United
States an equal right to vote without regard to
race or color. 1 believe we have a bill that
will effect that object; and it is certainly a bill
that will injure no man who does not desire to
prevent the fulfillment of that object. It is
certainly a bill that will injure no man who does
not desire to do something wrong. He who
is willing that the true spirit of the Constitu-
tion and laws of his country shall be adminis-
tered, that the lights of man shall be respected,
need not fear this law.
There are other provisions in it relating to
other subjects; and for them I congratulate the
country, particularly those provisions which
extend the strong arm of the Government to
the protection of the Chinese; those provisions
which protect those industrious, helpless people
whom we have invited to our shores; those pro-
visions which go at this late day to wipe out to
some extent the infamy that rests upon this
nation for having invited the Asiatics to coure
here, having made treaties for their protection,
and then allowed a State in this Union to pass
barbarous and cruel laws, to place upon them
unjust and cruel burdens, to tax them differ-
ently from other people, and collect t,hat tax
in a brutal manner. At the last session of the
Democratic Legislature of that State a law was
passed to make money out of poor Chinese
immigrants, requiring that each immigrant
should pay ten dollars for being vaccinated;
ten dollars with a view to keeping up a horde
of officers to prey upon these poor people.
During the whole session of that Legislature
they discussed ways and means to make money
out of the poor Chinese.
It may have seemed remarkable to the Sen-
ate that these provisions of the bill have not
been discussed; but before I am through I will
tell you the real reason why they have not been
discussed. A week ago last Monday, wheu I
brought the Senate bill forward, I offered that
part of this present bill and the other provis-
ion enforcing the fifteenth amendment as an
amendment to it. You will recollect, sir, the
memorable discussion between the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] and the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Fbbky.] That referred
to another portion of my amendment enforcing
the fourteenth article. That was discussed.
It was printed in the Globe. Again, on Wednes-
day last, when the House bill was brought
up, I offered the same amendment. I offered
the Senate bill as reported, together with the
amendment I had already proposed to it, stat-
ing that fact, and the whole was read in the
hearing of the Senate. Afterward in the course
of the discussion I had occasion to allude to
the provision for the protection of the Chinese
as one of the most essential features in the bill
and worthy of all commendation. This was
on Friday last, and I did it with as full a voice
as I usually talk, and I think I was under-
stood. On that occasion I said distinctly what
I will read from the Globe of the following
day:
"Then the other provision which has been added
is one of great importance. It isof more importance
to the honor of this nation than all the rest of this
bill. We areinvitine to our shores, or allowinsrthern
to come, Asiatics. We have got a treaty allowing
them to come. Now, while I am opposed to Asiatics
being brought here, and will join in any reasonable
legislation to prevent anybody from bringing them,
yet we have got a treaty that allows them to come to
this country. We have pledged the honor of the
nation that they may come and shall be protected.
For twenty years every obligation of humanity, of
justicc, and of common decency toward those peo-
ple has been violated by a certain class of men—bad
men, I know; but they arc violated in California and
on the Pacific coast. While they are here I say it is
our duty to protect them. I have incorporated that
provision in this billon the advice of the Judiciary
Committee, to facilitate matters and so that we shall
have the whole subjoct before us in one discussion.
It is as solemn a duty as can be devolved upon this
Congress to see that those people are protected, to
see that they have the equal protection of the laws,
notwithstanding that they are aliens. They, or any
other aliens, who may come here are entitled to that
protection. If the State courts do not give them the
equal protection of the Jaw, if publicsentiment is so
inhuman as to rob them of their ordinary civil rights,
I say I would be less than man if I did not insist, and
1 do here insist, that that provision shall go on this
bill, and that the pledge uf this nation shall be re-
deemed, that, we will protect Chinese aliens or any
other aliens whom wo allow to come here, and give
them a hearing in our courts; let them sue and be
sued; let them be protected by ail the laws and the
same laws that other men are. That is ail there is
in that provision. .
"Why is not this bill a good place in which to put
that provision? Why should we not put in this bill
a measure to cnforcc both the fourteenth and firtoenta
amendments at once? It will take no longer time
in discussion. It will not delay the bill an hour.
I)oes anybody doubt the necessity or the propriety
of such a law? I think not. I want the fcoveru-
raent to do this much. The fourteenth amendment
