1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4751
will allow roc to make a very brief explanation,
1 will say that the chairman of the Committee
on Reconstruction has made the report, so far
as he has gone, truly. lie was authorized to
make that report. But he was instructed at
the same time he should make that report, if
I understand the case correctly, to have the
report which is in the hands of General Faka's-
worth also submitted to the House, which is
in fact the report of the majority, as an amend-
ment to his original proposition. At first eight
of the committee voted for the proposition
submitted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and seven against it. One of the major-
ity, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Upson,!
subsequently changed his vote, and voted for
the substitute which is in the hands of General
Farxswouth, but was unwilling, lest it might
be considered a reflection on the chairman of
the committee, to take the bill out of his hands.
It was understood, therefore, that in making his
report the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] should state the facts. He has done
so truly, so far as he has gone, but has not
stated the whole facts.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] raise the point that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
is not authorized by the committee to make the
report which he has presented to the Hou e?
Mr. BECK. I say that he is not authorized
to make that report by itself, without stating
the facts and the conditions connected with his
making the report.
The SPEAKER. The question whether the
chairman of the committee is authorized to
make the report is the only point on which the
Chair can rule. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky makes that point, it will be the duty of
the Chair to submit to the House the question
whether this is the report of the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think there need
be no great difficulty in settling this matter. T
beg to say, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
the journal of the committee, showing what
took place, and will have it read, if the House
desires.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I
believe that I have the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does all
this come out of ray time, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. Of course not. The dis-
cussion of points oforder permitted by the Chair
cannot come outofthe gentleman's time. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsivortii] is
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire to address
the Chair on a question of order. The report
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] is itself an amendment to the
bill before the House. The gentleman per-
mits his colleague from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to move an amendment to that. That
is an amendment in the second degree. Now,
1 make the point of order that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cessxa] is an amendment in the third degree,
and therefore inadmissible.
The SPEAKER. That point having been
made against the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the Choir sustains the point
of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I would ask
the Chair if it be in order for me to move my
amendment as a substitute for the original bill
and the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Daives?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertained the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cessxa] so long as no point of
order was made against it. The point of order
having been made that it is an amendment in
a degree beyond what the parliamentary rules
allow, the Chair must sustain the objection.
But that equally excludes any other amend-
ment. The only way in which it could be
offered would be by adding to or taking from
the Senate substitute, which would be in the
nature of perfecting it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I rightly under-
stand the Chair, I can move to amend the ori-
ginal text or the text of the substitute which is
offered.
The SPEAKER. Not the original text.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I can move to
amend the substitute?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
to amend by adding to or taking from the sub-
stitute of the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to do so.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman offered his
amendment to perfect the substitute of the
Senate to the House bill. Now a substitute
for that is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is in the nature of a
substitute for the Senate amendment striking
out all after the word "that."
Mr. CESSNA. I beg pardon of the Chair.
It only proposes to strike out three sections.
It is simply an amendment to perfect the Sen-
ate bill. It is not a substitute for it by any
manner of means.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He moves to strike
out the whole of the Senate amendment.
Mr. CESSNA. Oh, no; he does not.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. Dawes's amendment was agaiu lead.
The SPEAKER. The Chair misappre-
hended the point. The Chair thought the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Air. Dawes] was a substitute for the
entire substitute of the Senate. The Chair
was mistaken in that, and that makes the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cessxa] in order. Had the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
been in the nature of a substitute for the Sen-
ate amendment, then the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania could not have
been entertained.
Mr. CESSNA. I so supposed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under that
misapprehension.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I desire to say
that the action of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is not in accordance
with the instructions of the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is it possible that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessxa]
can bring iu an amendment to the exclusion
of the amendment of the majority of the
committee ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts be the representative of the
majority of the committee he can yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,]
and the Chair understands that no gentleman
challenges the fact that the gentleman from
Massachusetts was authorized to make this
report.
Mr. MORGAN. T challenge the fact.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has stated the facts in
tllG CtlSC.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the ques-
tion three or four times, and certainly he can-
not now entertain any challenge of the report;
it, is entirely too late.
Mr. MORGAN, Allow me one word.
The SPEAJvER. The Chair will hear no
more on that point.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me one
minute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. No; I wish to speak a word myselt.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well; I will listen to
what the gentleman has to say, and then I will
ask leave to reply.
The SPEAKER. Until the House disposes
of some of the pending amendments no further
amendment can be entertained.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I hope some of
them will be voted down.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We are
now in this position of things : I have moved
the substitute authorized by the committee, I
was instructed by the committee to allow every
member of the House to offer an amendment
who chose to do so. I yielded to members irr
the order iu which they asked it. First I
yielded to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.] Then
I yielded to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cessna;] and then I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth;]
then to .the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck;] then to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward ;] and then to any other
gentlemen in any part of the House who desire
to offer amendments. I do not mean, so far
as it is in my power, to prevent a vote being
taken on any amendment the House desires
to vote upon. These are my instructions.
The difficulty has arisen from the fact that no
members of the committee asked first to offer
amendments. If they had done so, I should
have yielded to them.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question, and one only?
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. Did not the committee instruct
the chairman to report the bill, and at the same
lime state the fact that it was sustained by only
seven members of the committee, while eight
members sustained the amendment in the
hands of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fakxsworth,] and to put them both in to be
voted on together?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion is fairly put and shall be fairly answered.
I did state precisely that seven members of the
committee authorized me to report the bill,
one having afterward changed his vote, but
that still, after further discussion, the bill was
allowed to be reported by me. Now, if my
friend will read the record of the committee,
its journal, going back to the first day, he will
find that I was authorized upon motion of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Beaiian] to
allow any member of the House to offer an
amendment.
Mr. BECK. One other question only, and
then I am done. Was not the chairman to
state, in addition to the fact that only seven
members sustained his report, that the amend-
ment held by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] being substantially the Bing-
ham amendment, was sustained by eight mem-
bers, and that it should also be put iu, and the
House should vote upon it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
not authorized to report that amendment. I
was authorized to state the facts, and I did it.
Here is the record of the committee, taken in
short hand.
Mr. BECK. I do not know how the record
will be found.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, Mr.
Speaker, there are only two questions before
the House ; one is whether we shall have Geor-
gia in with conditions or in without conditions.
When we first reported this bill with condi-
tions, or rather when we reported the Virginia
and Texas bill, the fifteenth article of amend-
ment had not then become a part of the Con-
stitution, nor had wo passed any law to enforce
it. But that fifteenth amendment having now
become a part of the Constitution, and a law
having been passed to enforce the provisions
of that amendment, in the judgment of some
gentlemen, and of myself among the number,
it has become quite immaterial what is done
with the conditions. I do not, therefore, in
any manner antagonize the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Dawes,] because it is precisely
like the bill of the committee, except the con-
ditions.
Now, then, the other question that is to
come up, and the question upon which a vote
is to be taken, for aught I care, is whether we
