1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
dition that you shall return it whenever he
desires, leaving as security national bonds or
other securities.
Well, when this stringency wasaboutto com-
mence, when this policy of contraction was about
to be inaugurated, what did the banking insti-
tutions do? They called their loans in from
the extremities of the country, and we had no
money with which to do our business, we had
no money with which to buy our wheat and
cattle. What was the result? Why, our stock
went at three cents per pound on foot, our wheat
was garnered, and whatever of it was sold was
sold at a loss to the farmer ; he did not realize
a sufficient sum for his wheat to pay for the
labor, to pay for the use of the soil, and to pay
his own expenses in bringing it to market.
Mr. HeNEELY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ASPER. I decline to yield. The gen-
tleman has his speech before the country and
I am trying to get mine there. Now, that has
been the operation of this system and that has
been the cause of the pressure. It rests on
the extremities. As in the human system,
when there is an alarm about the heart the
circulation is called in from the extremities,
and those extremities become cold and lifeless;
so it is in our financial system when there is an
alarm about the money center. When Wall
street says there is about to be a change of
financial policy, there is about to be a change
in reference to the circulation of the country,
what happens ? The banks calLin their money
and bring it to their counters and vaults, and we
of the West have no money with which to trans-
act our business. That is the operation of it.
Now, sir, I am here for the purpose of enter-
ing my Drotest against this policy. I am here
for the purpose of asking this Congress to so
change its policy as to give us in the extreme
West, away out upon the banks of the Missouri
liver, and upon those beautiful and fertile
plains, the means by which wo may transact
our business. We ask you to change your
money policy, to change it from this greenback
circulation to national bankcireulation so that
ive can have our own facilities for transacting
business. Allow us to have associations there
by which wo can organize banking and give
currency to the people. Allow us to go to the
vaults of onr own banks and there get the
accommodation we need, and do not compel
us to pay this tribute to New York and New
England, to pay this tribute to the moneyed
interests and to the monopolies of the country.
By extending the national banking facilities to
the South and West you take away the char-
acter of monopoly from our banking institu-
tions, by making them general and in cheap-
ening the interest on money.
The moment you extend to us these facili-
ties, then capital will go to the West, and will
be as ready to go there as elsewhere. Sir, we
have the means ourselves. In the city of St.
Joseph, in my own district,'a city of from thirty
to thirty-five thousand, inhabitants, the line or
deposits in the banks, mostly private banks,
of that city amounted last year to the sum ot
$25,000,000. We have capital there ; we have
wealth there : we have men there who are as
capable of engaging in this banking business
as the men who are engaged in it so extensively
in the East. Now, what we want is to have
banking facilities extended there ; but in that
extension we do not ask to have the currency
of the country inflated. We do not desire that,
because it would inflate prices and inspire men
with a desire for speculation, in that way doing
in the end more injury than good.
But I see that my time has about run out,
that the hammer is about to fall. _
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the time of the
gentleman be extended, as_ he has been inter-
rupted several times. I think_there will be no
objection to an extension of his time.
Mr. McNEELY. I hope the time of the
gentleman will be extended.
Mr. ASPER. I am very much obliged to
the gentlemen.
TheSPEAKERproiempore, (Mr. Coburn.)
How much time does the gentleman want?
Mr. ASPER. I think I can bring my re-
marks to a close in a very few minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. Let his time be extended
without any limit.
No objection was made.
Mr. ASPER. I was about to ask, Mr.
Speaker, how long this state of things was to
continue? I ask gentlemen from the East, the
gentlemen who are here representing their con-
stituencies so faithfully, earnestly, and well—
I ask them how long this state of things is to
continue? How long, oh, how long, are our
people to be burdened with this heavy tribute
to be paid to the East ?
I do not know that gentlemen understand
fully the character and variety of the interests
and wealth of the people away out on the ex-
treme frontiers of settlement. Why, sir, west
of the Mississippi river—and I amproud that
I come from the trans-Mississippi region of
our country—west of the Mississippi river we
have a vast expanse of country, as many gen-
tlemen know who extended their travels during
the last summer over the plains and across the
continent to California by way of the Pacific
railroad. We have a vast expanse of country
there ; and I believe that when the next census
comes to be taken, when we come to count up
the people who are there upon the prairies, in
the valleys, and upon the slopes of the mount-
ains, it will be found that they comprise one
fourth of the entire population of the United
States.
We are proud to acknowledge that we our-
selves came from the eastern country; we
are proud of the great commercial center, New
York; we are proud of Boston, the "hub;"
we are proud of that great manufacturing and
commercial city, Philadelphia ; we are proud
of ail the rest of the great centers of business
and manufactures and commerce. Yet we say
to you, gentlemen, who are denizens of the
eastern States, stop and consider for a moment
the great giant who is growing up in the West,
and who will one day struggle for the mastery
of this country. We have now nearly if not
quite one fourth of the entire population of
the country. In another decade, if the present
rate of increase in our population should con-
tinue, we will number from twenty to twenty-
five millions ; and by 1890, or at the farthest
the year 1900, we will have west of the Missis-
sippi river at least a population of fifty millions.
Do gentlemen realize the full importance of
that great fact ? In twenty years more, certainly
in thirty years, this great giant that is growing
up there on the rich plains and along the various
streams tributary to the Mississippi will be sure
to demand recognition. And shall we have it?
What do you say, gentlemen ? Why should we
not have it?
Mr. Speaker, there is a region of country
west of the Missouri, at least five hundred
miles in width from east to west, and more
than a thousand miles in extent from north to
south, in which there are but few people now.
Yet that region of country is rich, is habitable,
and will one day be dotted all over with farms
and hamlets and towns and cities, with great
and growing and varied manufacturing inter-
ests; and there will be an intelligent and edu-
cated population who will understand their
rights, and knowing will maintain them. Do
you take into consideration the mineral wealth
and mineral resources of all this country ? My
own State, with seventy odd thousand square
miles of territory, with its mountains and rivers
and fertile valleys, is underlaid with coal for
more than twenty-six thousand square miles.
It has in its mountains rich minerals, iron,
and all the varied metals that enter into com-
merce and manufactures. It was a remark of
the great Benton that the State of Missouri was
capable of maintaining more population under
ground than on its surface. That remark may
appear extravagant ; yet in my opinion its truth
will some day be realized in the history of this
country. We have in that State the means of
building up wealth, the means of feeding pop-
ulation. We come here now presenting our
wrongs, exhibiting the burdens under which we
rest, and ask that you will extend to us the
same banking facilities that you enjoy. We do
not seek to reduce any of your facilities. We
know that by virtue of such facilities commerce
has its extensions and business its easy flow.
We know that in those States where the largest
banking facilities are there is the most com-
merce, the most traffic; there business opera-
tions are freer and more widely extended. We
only ask to have our share of those banking
facilities. We do not ask you to flood the
country with irredeemable jiaper, but we do
ask that a safe, a sound, a uniform currency be
established with which to transact the great
and growing business of all that country.
Mr. McNEELY. I would like to ask the
gentleman just one question. He calls the
greenbacks an "irredeemable" currency.
Mr. ASPER. I thought we had finished the
discussion of that point.
Mr. McNEELY. I want to ask the gentle-
man where he would get a gold dollar or a sil-
ver dollar in exchange for a national bank
note, and how he would get it?
Mr. ASPER. I do not expect to go to the
Treasury next Monday to present my green-
back dollar and get a dollar of gold.
Mr. McNEELY. Does the greenback prom-
ise that?
Mr. ASPER. It does promise it. The
credit of the country promises it. The solemn
pledge of the nation promises it.
Mr. McNEELY. Promises what?
Mr. ASPER. Promises that the Govern-
ment will pay in lawful money those notes.
Mr. McNEELY. In greenbacks, not gold.
Mr. ASPER. The promise is to pay lawful
money.
Mr. McNEELY. That is, greenbacks.
Mr. ASPER. Well, Mr. Speaker, this is the
first time I have learned—I suppose we all learn
something as we grow older—that the green-
back is the only lawful money of the country.
Mr. McNEELY". Not the only lawfulmoney.
Mr. ASPER. I had supposed that gold and
silver coin were lawful money.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having presented my
views and urged what I deem the interest and
wants of my constituents, I am ready to con-
clude my remarks. But I wish this demand
to receive due consideration. In seeking for
these facilities we do not seek to abridge the
banking facilities of other sections ; we simply
ask that by ail extension of the^ circulation of
the country we may have such facilities as will
enable us to transact our business.
I want it also to be remembered that the
Mississippi river, the great Father of Waters,
traversing the entire country from its northern
extremity to the warm regions of the South, is
already bridged. It has been spanned by com-
merce ; the iron rails stretch across it; and the
locomotive passes over it. Eventually we shali
have these bridges at St. Louis, at Hannibal,
at Iveoknk, and other places at various parts
of that river ; and upon those bridges there will
rest, at least in the imagination of the people,
the statue of Progress with its finger pointing
westward and saying, There, there is em-
pire!-' - , ,
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor; but
yielded for five minutes to
Mr. RANDALL, who said: Mr. Speaker, a
portion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri would seem to imply that I am hos-
tile to those who think with him on this subject,
that is, that I am hostile to extending banking
facilities to the West. I would give them every
banking facilitv that we give to any other por-
tion of the country, but I am opposed to extend-
ing banking facilities East, West, North, or
South under the present system. My purpose
is to cut off'the abuses of the present banking
system ; but I will say that if I thought with
the gentleman from Missouri, aad was m iavor
