3808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
to the Constitution says that no State shall deny to
any person the equal protection of the laws. Your
treaty says that they shall have the equal protection
of the laws. Justice and humanity and common
decency require it. I hope that provision will not
be left off this bill, for there is no time to take it up
as a separate measure, discuss it, and pass it at this
session."
What has occurred since the report of the
conference committee? The Opposition have
occupied most of the time since that report
was made, almost all the time last evening and
this morning, and yet no man here has had the
hardihood to say that it is unjust that the Chi-
nese should be protected. Why, then, this
long discussion about these sections being in
the bill? Why did the Senator from Califor-
nia over and over again last night allude to
these sections without daring to express any
opinion upon their intrinsic merits? I will tell
you the reason. There are good men in Cal-
ifornia, there are humane men who feel the
disgraceof allowing ineu to be robbed and mur-
dered without protest. They feel it keenly as
you do. For the Senator here to say that no
such law ought to be passed would shock them
as much as it would any honest Senator. That
may be one of the reasons why the Senator
from California wanted to make me the pack-
horse on this occasion and say that he had not
had an opportunity to express his views on
these sections.
Dare he say to the good people of California
that while the Chinese are here under our laws,
and while we have a Constitution which says
that no State shall deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws,
Congress ought not to pass a law to give them
protection ? if he would make a speech that
would be palatable to the Chinese-hating por-
tion of his constituents it would disgust every
honest man ; and I appreciate the situation he
is in. 1 excuse hira ; I am willing to let hiin
attack me because he cannot satisfy the good
people of California and the Pacific coast by
protesting against this law. 11 is just, and should
pass. That will be some gain.
We have more in this bill. We have an
attempt to enforce the fourteenth amendment
while it remains a part of your Constitution.
Passing constitutional amendments and not
enforcing them is trifling. Let them be en-
forced while they are part of the Constitution.
It is trifling to allow a rebel to hold office in
violation of the fourteenth amendment. Let it
be en forced while it is a part of the Constitution.
We have more in this bill. We have coin-
menced_ legislation in the right direction by
attempting to guard the ballot-box in New
York against the trampling of it down by the
Democratic party. Why should gentlemen
talk aboutour want of faith in the people?
Sir, our faith iu the people is unlimited; but
we have no faith in a Democratic oligarchy in
New York city or New Orleans or Georgia
which by its power shall drive loyal men from
the polls.
We believe that it is the duty of this Govern-
ment to see that republican institutions prevail
in this country. Talk not to us about not
desiring to protect the ballot-box, when in New
York frauds by the thousand and tens of thou-
sands are committed at every election and are
regarded as a good joke! in the presidential
election of 1808 at least four States of this
Union were carried by fraud for the Demo-
cratic^ candidate—New York, New Jersey,
Georgia, and Louisiana. Shall we tolerate
that? Who has faith in the people? Is it a
Democratic oligarchy, who want their favorites
or their tools to vote eight or ten or a hundred
times a day, who would strike at the ballot-
box itself? Onr law is only for the protection
of the ba.llot-box. We proclaim nowand here
that we will exert all the power we can exert
under the Constitution to protect the ballot-
box in every State of the Union. We prob-
ably have not got enough legislation in this bill
on that subject, but if the occasion arises we
will invent more. We will make the effort to
see if it is in the power of this Government to
prevent its being turned into anarchy and con-
fusion by a conspiracy in New York or Georgia
or Louisiana.
That is one feature of this bill. It is a good
bill. I say, " let us have peace but peace
upon what terms? The terms upon which we
want peace and upon which we intend to have
it, and the only terms upon which peace can
be had, are that every citizen of the United
States, without regard to color, shall have an
equal opportunity to vote; that no State shall
deny to any person, whether he is an alien or
a native-born citizen, the equal protection of
the laws ; that while we have the power to
regulate the time and the manner of elections
for members of Congress we will not allow
repeaters, if we can help it, but will have a fair
vote of the people. We will have peace on the
terms of protecting the citizens of the United
States ami by respecting the Constitution; and
these are the only terms on which we can have
peace.
The other side say, "Give us Kuklux, give us
repeaters, give us Chinese, robbers, and mur-
derers ; let them have their way and you shall
have peace." I say no; upon those terms
there is no peace. There is no peace except
in submitting to the laws, and in the equal
protection of all persons by the law. There
is no need of the Democratic party here re-
sorting to special pleading, and talking about
the time and manner of passing bills. Let me
say to those gentlemen, advise your constit-
uents to obey the law; advise your constituents
to stop robbing and murdering Chinese; advise
your constituents to let the negroes vote as
other men vote; advise your constituents that
it will not do in the great city of New York
to poll seventy-five or one hundred thousand
fraudulent votes at an election; advise them
that that cannot be done; stop protesting against
this legislation which seeks to prevent such
things, and then we shall have peace. I tell
my Democratic friends that if you ever expect
to succeed you mustturn your attention more to
the justice of the case, and stopyour technical
pleas. The same technical pleas have been
made ever since the war began. Yon have
been all the time trying to find in the Consti-
tution "how not to do it."
Ever since the war closed you have been
trying to point out how we could not recon-
struct. You have been quibbling and com-
plaining at every attempt we have made. You
have been occupying whole nights here in
uttering condemnations of the just and liberal
measures of a patriotic Congress. You have
failed, and you will fail again. Let me advise
you now to turn your attention to enforcing
the laws, to turn your attention to the only
means by which peace can bo had, and we will
meet you iu brotherly love. We have no enmity
against the Democratic party as such; but
while it goes wrong, while its motto is anarchy,
injustice, inequality, fraud, we will conquer it
every time. Change your motto, protect the
oppressed, and be a Democratic party in fact;
be for justice, for humanity, for progress, and
then you will have some chance. Your now
fighting the fifteenth amendment is only an-
other of your usual blunders. Some of the
party thought it was not best to do it, but
finally at the close of this debate you treat it
as a fraud. Such things will kill you all the
time. Come out on the side of humanity,
justice, peace, law, the Constitution ; take the
Constitution as it is, uphold it and defend it,
and you will have peace.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
wiil call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Ames responded to his name.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I suggest, Mr. President,
that it is not yet three o'clock. The houriixed
for taking the vote has not arrived, and I
think the roll-call ought to be suspended until
tjirpfi n'plnflc.
Mr. HAMLIN. Go on with the roll-call.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us have a fair under-
standing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
delay voting until three o'clock, and in the
mean time I should like to make a personal
explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the roll-call will be suspended until
three o'clock. The Chair hears no objection
to that being done.
Mr. SHEUMAN. I will take occasion in
the few brief minutes that remain to make a
brief personal explanation, and I wish my col-
league to be present. He was here a moment
ago. I do not wish to revive an old contro-
versy after the subject-matter has passed away,
and therefore I ask the attention of the Senate
at this moment. I wish to call attention to one
or two facts that occurred iu my absence the
other night, which 1 do not think were either
courteous or proper.
It will be remembered that on the night of
the night session, last Friday, I offered as an
amendment two sections now composing a part
of the bill. It was a carefully prepared amend-
ment, prepared by the committee of the House
of Representatives, and submitted for the pre-
vention of frauds in the city of New York.
That was the sole purpose. Ata later hour, as
it approached midnight, I became very unwell,
so unwell that I could scarcely remain here.
That fact was known to Senators all around
me. I went to my colleague and to the Sen-
ator who had the bill in charge, and an arrange-
ment was made with their consent before I left
the Hall that the vote should be taken the next
day at three o'clock. Supposing that I had got
the two high contracting parties, the Senator
on our side who had the bill in charge, and my
colleague who was making the chief rumpus
against the bill, I went away contented. A
few minutes after I left the matter was called
up, and the Senator from California, [Mr. Cas-
sehly,] the next-door neighbor and associate
of my colleague, objected to the arrangement,
and it was defeated. But for the fact that I
understood that arrangement was to be made,
although very unwell, I should have remained
here. Here I may say that it is a very rare
circumstance for me to be called away by ill-
ness from the sessions of this body. I went
away then, in pursuance, as I supposed, of an
arrangement made between my colleague and
the Senator from Nevada, but which was after-
ward objected to by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Not many minutes after I had left my col-
league rosje to reply to some observations that
I had made briefly in presenting my amend-
ment, and he alluded to me in the course of
his remarks by saying that I had seen fit to
absent myself, as if I had run away. My col-
league knew at the time why I went away. He
knew the condition and the circumstances
under which I went away, and I say that he
ought not to have used this language in regard
to his colleague. Then he went on to quote a
remark I made casually in regard to the Demo-
cratic party in the city of New York, in which
I said, very truly, that the strength of the Demo-
cratic party "lies in the pest-houses of great
cities where vice breeds."
Is there any man in the United States of
America who will deny the truth of that asser-
tion ? Is there any place in this country where
the Democratic party is so strong as it is in
the city of New York? Is there any place in
the city of New York where the Democratic
party is so strong as it is in the worst portions
of New York? Why, sir, this is a fact that I
have stated on the stump ever since the war
commenced; for during the war and since the
war it has been a glaring political fact. It
was in the city of New York, when the rebels
were invading Pennsylvania, j,hat these men to
