1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
of having the present system extended, which
compels the Government to pay double inter-
est, I would go with him to afford the same
banking facilities to his section of the country
that are enjoyed by other sections. But I will
say to the gentleman, as a "practical business
man, that if we were to place $1,000,000 a
year in his town it would not stay there a day
if the exchanges of the country were allowed
to control it. If his people were the creditors
then it would stay with them ; but if they were
the debtors, then the circulation would leave
them to pay their debts. It is the same between
banking institutions and the people as between
individuals: the man who produces more than
he spends becomes rich, while the man who
expends more than he produces becomes first
embarrassed and ultimately bankrupt.
leave of absence.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, was granted leave of absence for four-
teen days.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
l'ktitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of John J.
Schonefield, of Bracken county, Kentucky,
praying for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petitions of Elijah J. Counts, of
Wise county, Virginia; Barton W. Jenkins, of
Tishemingo county, Mississippi ; A. W. Good-
rich, of Marshall county, Mississippi; W. X.
Cole, of Do Soto county, Mississippi; and
John -L. Croom, Galen Hodges, and George
Burkhart, of Matagorda county, Texas, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Peterson Thweatfc, of
Columbus, Georgia, praying for relief from
political disabilities.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fetter, of Bedford county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a pension.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying the
establishment of a postal route from Sandy
Lake to North Sandy, in said county.
By Mr. HAIGH.T: A petition of many hun-
dred citizens of Trenton, New Jersey, and
vicinity, asking Congress to appropriate $100,-
000 to be used, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for removing the bar at Perrivvig,
in the river Delaware, and otherwise improv-
ing the navigability of said river at and below
the head of tide-water.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Thomas
Edge and 50 others, workers in morocco manu-
facture in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against any change in the tariff law
suggested by a free-tra'2e league, and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &c., the products ot tropical countries,
and such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will prevent frauds on the
customs, maintain home industry, and sustain
the wages of the American mechanic and the
market of the American farmer.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 14, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
personal explanation—-cuba.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Senate, I desire to make a brief statement,
rendered necessary by what fell from General
Prim in the Cortes of Spain on Saturday last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks consent to make a brief
explanation, in response to the remarks of
General Prim in the Spanish Cortes. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I find in the paper this
morning, under the head of foreign news, the
following telegraphic dispatch, dated Madrid-,
March 13:
"In tho Cortes yesterday a deputy asked if there
was any foundation for thestatementmade byaNew
York journal that Senator Schneb said he had re-
ceived propositions from General Prim for the sale
or cession of Cuba to tho United States. General
Priin pronounced the statement to be utterly false.J'
I deem it my duty to say that General Prim
is eutirely right whea he says that he made
no proposition to me for the sale or cession
of Cuba to the United States. I have had no
communication with him of any kind on any
subject. The statement in theNew York jour-
nal to which he replies was probably founded
on the fact that a gentleman purporting to be
an agent of General Prim, and coming directly
from him, was some time during the last spring
in Washington, and proceeded to invite the
attention of our Government to a mode of set-
tling the Cuban question in a manner advan-
tageous to the finances of Spain. I forbear to
give the details of this proposition, although
they are known to me. I saw this gentleman
at the time and heard his report. 1 will only
add that this report became the basis of the
proposition made by our Government through
General Sickles, which will be found in the
correspondence with Spain on our tables.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 8th instant, inform-
ation respecting tho title of the United States
to the branch mint property in the city of New
Orleans, Louisiana ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of one hundred and twenty citizens of
Cumberland, Maryland, praying for the passage
of a law prohibiting the sale as a beverage of
intoxicatingliquorsin the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FERRY presented tho petition of Jo-
hanna Roach, of Norwalk, in the county of
Fairfield, Connecticut, praying to bo allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Nancy
S. Ledford, widow of Christopher M. Led-
ford, late private companyF, second regiment
North Carolina mounted infantry, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of S. PI.
Rogers, Wake county, North Carolina; of F.
B. Sattcrthwaite, Beaufort county, North Car-
olina; of G. C. Holt, W. S. Holt, and John
Bunton, Halifax county, Virginia; of A. S.
McNeil, Harnett county, North Carolina; of
B. Jones, James R. Norman, and Ephraim
Leigh, Tyrrel county, North Carolina; of S.
P. Horton, North Carolina; of R. A. Cald-
well, Rowan county, North Carolina; of W.
H. Cullom, Johnston county, North Carolina;
of T. M. Holt, Alamance county, North Caro-
lina; of James E. Mathers, Forsythe county,
North Carolina; of It. C. Badger, Raleigh
county, North Carolina; of Henry T. Farmer,
R. W. Allen, and A. Shepherd, Henderson
county, North Carolina; and of John Skinner,
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of E. W, Rid-
dick, Perquimans county, North Carolina; of
W. H. Long, M. G. Winsted, James A. Brad-
sher, and M. A. Bradsher, Pearson county,
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
M. Wallingsford, of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Ellen M.
A. Troy, widow of John J. Troy, late a soldier
| in company C, seventy-third New York volun-
teers, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWELL. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Iowa, praying for
the establishment of a daily mail route from
Valiska, Iowa, to Maysville, Missouri. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this is for
service upon a mail route already existing it
should be referred to the Postmaster General;
if for a new mail route it should go to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. It ap-
pears to be for daily mail service on an existing
route, so far as the Chair understands it.
Mr. HO WELL. Idonotknowhowthatis;
but I move that tho joint resolution be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Minnesota, relative
to a grant of lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from some point on the western
boundary of Minnesota to the Winnipeg district
of British America. Among other things the
preamble says that "byreason of recentevents
along the Red river, m British America, the
immediate completion of said line of railway
affects directly the welfare and concerns of the
people of the United States, as well in respect
to national expansion as in regard to national
defenses," and they ask that an appropriation
of land be made for the completion of .this
road. I move that the resolutions be laid upon
the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMERO Y. I have received a petition
signed by some twelve hundred citizens of the
District of Columbia, m which they represent
that the great poverty in this District arises
from the sale of intoxicating liquors, and they
ask very earnestly that a law may be passed to
restrain the traffic in intoxicating liquors in
this District. They represent that it is now a
source of poverty and crime, and they want it
dried up. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present, also, another
petition, signed by sixhnndred and ninety citi-
zens of this District, of tho same general import,
which I move be referred to the same com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of Charleston, South Carolina,
praying that the compensation of the judge of
the United States district court for that district
may be increased; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
Vtilliam Gibson, commander LTnited States
Navy, praying to be restored to the active list;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Charles Gri
erz, yeoman ; C. P. Wielor, apothecary ; James
D. Arcv, master-at-arms; Daniel B. Riley,
paymaster's writer on board United States
steamer Benicia, praying an increase of com-
pensation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
