1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3809
whom I alluded, these repeaters, hung inno-
cent negroes, burned orphan asylums and shot
iow,n. Tf and ,inn~ People They a°e
the kind of men that I referred to. 7
ihen my colleague goes oil to remind the
Senate that I live in a Democratic re™ So
its. *"0bs " « • '  .«d
Mr. McCREERY. It' the Senator will allow
rae, I Wish to deny the statement he has made,
i here is a P!ace m the United States where
he vote ot the Democratic party is as solid as
it Is m Aew 1 ork
V1'- Where is that?
Mr" ODnmn? ' Kentucky.
If' Kentucky chooses the
association she may have it. My colleague
alludes to the fact that I live in a Democratic
region; but let me say to my colleague that in
iticliland county, where I live, and where 1
kuow the people well, many of whom are my
intimate friends, there could not be found a
Democratic jury of twelve men who would not
convict these scoundrels under the law of the
btate or nation for the crimes that are pointed
°~V-!1 >the !1'neteent':l and twentieth sections
of this bill. This amendment of mine isaimed
at the repeaters, the open violators of the law
in. the city ot New York, who make the elective
franchise a farce and a fraud ; and I say the
Democrats of Richland county will not thank
my colleague for associating them with these
Democratic repeaters of the city of New York,
although my iriend from Kentucky seems to
be willing to take the association.
Sir. there is in the city of New York d, de-
gree of corruption in the elective franchise that
exists nowhere else in the wide world, and
this Government of ours will, in my judgment,
be overthrown by this corruption unless we
can prevent it by legal penalties. The object
of my amendment simply was to prevent elec-
tion frauds by legal penalties; and I say, so
far as the Democrats of Ohio are concerned,
there are few of them who would not send to
the penitentiary any man guilty of any of the
crimes referred to in the nineteenth and twen-
tieth sections of this bill.
The only objection that is made—and there
is where the shoe pinches—is that the bill
transfers the punishment of these crimes from
the State courts of the city of New York to the
United States courts. Who would think of
indicting anybody for an election fraud in a
State court in the city of New York? Why,
sir, the judges themselves are elected by these
very repeaters; the judges themselves are the
instruments of the very men who are sought to
be punished by these two sections.
Now, sir, I will not extend my remarks one
second beyond the time fixed. I merely wished
to point out to my associates the circumstances
under which I left them the other night, how
I left, and how I came to be absent. I did not
run away from my colleague or anybody else.
In my judgment, the amendment that I pro-
posed will be sustained by the sentiment of the
good men of the Democratic party of Ohio.
1 am sure if I were to go before the Democrats
where I live and read them these sections they
would agree that the man who violated those
sections ought to be sent to the penitentiary.
Sir, there is no offense so mean as the viola-
tion of the elective franchise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of three
o'clock has now arrived. The question is on
agreeing to the conference report, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered. Ihe
Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 48, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreinan, Brown-
Williams—48- 0
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2d9.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamil ton ot Maryland, Johnston, MeCreery, Sauls-
b"r?,V^,t0?-Thurn.an, and Viekers-11.
ABMOJv 1—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter, Cattoll, Cor-
gett, ienton, Howell, Norton, Revels, Robertson,
Schurz, Willey, Wilson, and Yites-B.
So the report was concurred in.
amendment 01? bankrupt law.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives non-concurring in the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (II. 11. No. 386) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 18G7, and
asking a conference on ths disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
Air. TRUMBULL. I suppose we had better
agree to the conference. I confess I did not
think there was enough in the bill to have any
disagreement about it; but I make the usual
motion,that the Senate insist on itsamendment,
disagreed to by the House, and agree to the
conference, the conferees on the part of the
Senate to be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President appointed Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Co>'k-
lixtr, and Mr. Tiiurman the committee on the
part of the Senate.
SIJSUKA IRON COMPANY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives has also returned, in com-
pliance with the request of the Senate, the bill
(S. No. 439) to grant lands to the Sierra Iron
Company. There is a pending motion to recon-
sider the vote on its passage, and the bill will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. Cannot it be disposed of now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be by
unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
other similar motions now pending, and they
are at the head of the Calendar of general
orders.
iiinton rowan HELPISlt.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I' desire to
withdraw the motion to reconsider the vote
on the passage of the bill (S. No. 789) to
authorize the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle and close the account of
Hinton Rowan Helper which I made a week
or two ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks consent to withdraw the.
motion to reconsider the vote on the passage
of the bill to which he refers. The Chair hears
no objection, and the bill will stand as passed,
and be sent to the House of Representatives.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair per-
ceives by the debate yesterday that it was
agreed that the appropriation bill should be
resumed as soon as the conference report was
disposed of. The bill (H. R. No. 974) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1871, is there-
fore before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of theSenatorfromMissouri, [Mr.
Drake.] The amendment is now in print, and
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert, on page 14, line three hundred
and fourteen, after the word "dollars," the
following proviso:
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether general or special, by proc-
lamation or otlierwiso, nor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act per-
formed in pursuance, or as a condition thereof, shall
be admissiblo in evideneo on the part of any claim-
ant in the Court of Claims as evidence in support of
any claim against the United States, or to establish
tho standing of any claimant in said ooart, or his
right to bringor maintainsuit therein; norshall any
such pardon, amnesty, acceptance, oath, or other
act as aforesaid, heretofore oflered or Putin evidence
on behalf of any olaimant in said court, bo used or !
considered by said court, or by tho appellate court
on appeal from said court, in deciding upon the
claim of said claimant or any appeal therefrom, as
any part of the proof to sustain the claim of the
claimant, or to entitle him to maintain his action in
said Court of Claims, or an appeal therefrom; but
tho proof of loyalty required by the twelfth sect'oil
of the act of March 3, 1863, entitled " An act to
amend an act to establish a court for the investiga-
tion of claims against the United States," approved
February 2t, 1855, and by tho third section of the act
entitled "An act to provide for tho collection of
abandoned property, and tor the prevention of frauds
in insun ectionary districts withiu the United States,''
approved March 12, 1803, and by the third section of
the act entitled ''An act to provide for appeals trom
the Court ot Claims, and lor other purpose-?," ap-
proved June 25, 1868, shall be made by proof of the
matters required by said sections, respectively, irre-
spective of tlie effect of any executive proclamation,
pardon, amnesty, or other act of condonation or
oblivion. And in all cases where judgment shall
havo been heretofore rendered in the Court ot Claims
in tavor of any claimant on any other proof of loy-
alty than such as is above required and provided,
and which is hereby declared to havo been and to be
the true intent and meaning of said respective acts,
the Supreme Court shall, on appeal, reverse such
judgment: And provided further. That whenever
any pardon shall have hcretolore been granted by
tho President of the United States to any person
bringing suitin the Court of Claims for the proeeeds
of abandoned or captured property under the said
act, approved March 12,18b3, and the acts amenda-
tory of tho same, and such pardon shall l'ecito, in
substance, that such person took part in the lato
rebellion against tho Uovernment of tho United
States, or vvas guilty of any act of rebellion against
or disloyalty to tho United States, and such pardon
shall havo been accepted in writing, by tho person to
whom thesamo issued, withoutan express disclaimer
of and protestation against such fact of guilt, con-
tained in such acceptance, such pardon and accept-
ance shall bo taken and deemed m such suit in the
said Court of Claims, and on appeal therefrom, con-
clusive evidence that sueh person did take part in
and give aid and comfort to the late rebellion, and
did not maintain truo allegiance to or consistently
adhoro to the United States ; and on proof of such
pardon and acceptance, which proof may be heard
summarily on motion or otherwise, it shall bo the
duty ol the said Court of Claims forthwith to dismiss
tho suit of such claimant.
Mr. DRAKE. I was addressing the Senate
in support of this amendment yesterday when
the appropriation bill was passed over in order
to proceed to the consideration of the report
of the committee of conference. The Senate
was comparatively thin at that time, and it will
be necessary, in order to explain the object,
purpose, and effect of this amendment, to call
the attention of the Senate again to the pro-
visions of the law now standing upon the stat-
ute-book in aid of which this amendment is
offered. I send to the Secretary the report
contained in the Globe of this morning, which
embodies the three sections of the law referred
to in this amendment, and I ask him to read
those three sections, giving the date and title
of the acts referred to and the number of the
section.
The Cihei? Clerk. The twelfth section of
the act of March 3, 18G3, referred to in the
amendment, reads as follows;
" Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That any peti-
tionfiled under this act shall be verified by the affi-
davit of the claimant, his agent, or attorney, stating
that no assignment or transfer of said claim, or any
part thereof or any interest therein, has been made,
except as in said petition stated ; that said claimant
is justly entitled to the amount therein claimed
from theUnited States, after allowing all just credits
and onsets ; and that he believes the facts as stated
m said petition aro truo: Provided, however, Thatin
order to authorizo the said court to render a judg-
ment in favor of any claimant, if a citizen of the
United States, it shall be set forth in the petition
that tho claimant and the original and every prior
owner thereof, where tho claim has been assigned,
has at all times borne truo allegiance to the Govern-
ment of tho United States, and, whether a citizen
°E ^^bat has not in any way voluntarily aided,
abetted, or given encouragement to rebellion against
the said Government, which allegations may be trav-
ersed by the Government, and if on the trial such
issue shall be decided against the claimant his peti-
tion shall be dismissed.
The third section of the act of March 12,
186.3, referred to in the amendment, is in the
following words;
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the treasury may require the special agents
appointed under this act to give a bond, with such
securities and in such amount as he shall deem
necessary,and to require the increaseofsaid amounts,
and the strengthening of said security, as circum-
stances may demand; and he shall alsoeause a book
or books of account to be kept, showing iirom whom
such property was received, the cost of transports
