1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4753
to the United States from St. Louis to Santa
F6, New Mexico, in the year 1863 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
lie also presented the petitions of N. W.
Arnett, of Virginia, and of John Blair Hoge,
of VVest Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of Joseph
Wh arton, representing that he has been engaged
for many years in the manufacture of nickel,
and asking protection to that manufacture. As
the subject has been reported on, I move that
the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying the
repeal of the act incorporating the Baltimore
and Washington Turnpike Company, and that
the petitioners may be allowed the privilege of
keeping in repair so much of the turnpike as
lies within the District; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Robert
H. Hare, praying such an amendment of the
organic acts of the Territories as will prohibit
the assessment of any larger tax upon non-
resident citizens than is levied upon citizens
resident in the Territories ; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the petition of Gilmore P. Sims and
others, the securities of A. B. Babcock, late
postmaster at Piedmont, West Virginia, pray-
ing to be relieved from the payment of a bal-
ance due to the Government by the said post-
master, submitted an adverse report thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 2248) for the relief of Charles Stead-
man, commodore United States Navy, reported
it without amendment.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey for 1869, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
to ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, Thattherebo printed two thousand extra
copies of the report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey for 18C9, of which one thousand copies
shall be for the use of the Senate and one thousand
copies bo for distribution by the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was, to add at the end of line four the words
"and two thousand extra copies for the use
of the House of Representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
CONTRACTS l'OR SERVILE LABOR.
Mr. STEWART. If there are no further
reports I ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 973, to prohibit
contracts for servile labor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the morning busi-
ness will be proceeded with.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to give way
to morning business if the bill is taken up.
The VICE PBESIDENT. If objection is
made the bill cannot be taken up at this time.
The morning business must be concluded.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1009)
for the relief of Durf'ee and Peck; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
41st Cong. 2p Sess.—So. 298.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1010) requiring passenger vessels to be
provided with a boat-detaching apparatus;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
instructed to transmit to the Senate a copy of his
letter to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
bearing date the 8th day of November, 1867, m rela-
tion to the right of the State of Kansas to certain
alternate sections of the lands sold to the United
States by the Osage Indians, by the treaty of Sep-
tember 29,1865.
PROVIDBNCiS lUVIi'it,
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
liesolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate any information in
the possession of the War Department concerning
liulkhead rock, in Providence river, Rhode Island.
PERSONS ON THE I'LOOR.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 973.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that motion in order
before the conclusion of the morning business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded, Senate resolutions
having been called. If any Senator has morn-
ing business to present, that has priority.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Indiana has morning business to present.
Mr. POMEROY. laskthattheforty-seventh
rule of the Senate be read. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to it for one moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the forty-seventh rule of the Senate
at the request of the Senator from Kansas.
The Secretary read as follows:
" 47. No person shall be admitted to thefioor of the
Senate while in session, exccpt as follows, namely:
the officers of the Senate, members of the House of
Representatives and their Clerk, the President of the
United States and his Private Secretary, the heads
of Departments, ministers of the United Slates and
foreign ministers, ex-Presidents and ex-Viee Pres-
idents of the United States, ex-Senators, Senators-
elect, judges of the Supreme Court, and Governors
of States and Territories."
Mr. POMEROY. I noticed that yesterday,
and particularly last evening, there were per-
sons on the floor of the Senate who did not
come within the rule, and 1 have only called
the attention of the Senate and of the officers
of the Senate to the rule that it may be strictly
enforced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that he was not present at the
session last night; but upon the suggestion of
several Senators this morning he had already
given the order indicated by the Senator from
Kansas, that this rule must be strictly enforced
during the remainder of the session.
ADDITIONAL REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Jesse
Warren and Joseph A. Moore, carpenters and
builders in the city of Nashville, praying for
compensation for a building taken for the
use of the. Army near Nashville, Tennessee,
reported adversely thereon, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.^
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 80) for the restoration of Cap-
tain Dominick Lynch, of the United States
Navy, to the active list from the re&erved list,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. V1CKERS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 2169') to establish a port of delivery at
Kansas City, Missouri, reported it adversely,
and tuoved'its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 989) to amend an
act passed March 2, 1831, entitled "An act
allowing the duties on foreign merchandise im-
ported into Wheeling, Vicksburg, Cincinnati,
Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez
to be secured and paid at these places," re-
ported it with amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (II. II. No. 305) concerning arsenal
grounds at St. Louis, Missouri, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 908) making an appropriation to build a
light-house at Dame's point, St. John's river,
Florida, repotted it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 988) to establish
the collection district of Byscaine, in the State
of Florida, reported it without amendment.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 291) for the relief of
Chief Engineers George Sewell and William
II. Shock, of the Navy, reported it with an"
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 1893) for the relief of the heirs of John
W. Duff, Andrew Kensinger, Jesse Fry, Peter
Hart, Edward Bray, Pleasant Trent, and Clin-
ton Luster, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 1554) for the relief of the widow
of James L. Iviernan, late consul to Chin-
Kiang, China, reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 89) for
the relief of Anson B. Sams, moved that it be
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
He submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
CUBAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H, R.
No. 329) in relation to the contest between
the people of Cuba and the Government of
Spain, have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report it back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute ; and
the committee have directed me to ask the
immediate action of the Senate on their sub-
stitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the position of affairs. The Senator
from Nevada, at what was supposed to be the
conclusion of the morning business, moved to
postpone the present and all other orders for
the purpose of considering the bill in relation
to servile labor, pending which the Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
lo proceed to the consideration of the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations in
regard to Cuba. Is there objection to the last
proposition ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to hear
the report read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported,
subject to objection.
Sir. SUMNER. Let it be sent to my desk,
as it is manuscript, that I may read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator will read it at his place.
Mr. SUMNER. The report of the com-
mittee is to strike out both the preamble and
the resolution of the House, and to substitute
therefor the following:
He il ranlaed, d'c.. That the people of the United
States cannot hear with indifference tlie leporta of
barbarous outrage which reach theiu constantly from
the neighboring island ol' CuOa; that they protest
against the repetition ot such acts, whether by tho
Spanish Uovermnent or by insurgents seeking inde-
pendence: that they denounce with indignation the
snooting of captives taken with arms in their bands
