1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
977
acharacter. We have not yet done it. Under
the old battle-cry of '• free trade and sailors'
rights " we conquered an abandonment of the
practice of "ocean search, but not of the
claim. Though having made much progress,
we have not established and maintained the
proper recognition ot the rights of our adopted
citizens. We open our doors to the world; we
invite all to participate in the benefits of our
tree institutions; we have lured them from
their native lands to cast their lot with us, and
we are bound by every principle of honesty and
interest to protect them wherever they may be
as sacredly as those born under the stars and
stripes.
We have not sufficiently maintained the rights
of either. Some "Kosta affair" occasionally
illumines the horizon of our foreign relations:
but there are more incidents that lie in a dark
background—incidents that stirred our Amer-
ican blood, but were soon forgotten, leaving
us only a shameful memory of the briefness of
the sensation.
We have not properly protected our citizens
against the tyranny of Spain in Cuba. For
years they have been subjected to insult upon
that island that either England or France would
have resented. I cannot in this connection
help remembering the unhappy fate of gallant
young Crittenden, who, when commanded to
kneel with his back to his Spanish executioner,
made that immortal reply, "An American
kneels to none but God, and always dies with
his face to the foe." Though we could not in
strict accordance with national law interfere in
his behalf, his noble words come ringing down
with the flight of years and remind us how swift
Spain has always been to shed the blood of our
people. Only last June two of our citizens,
Speakmanand Weyeth, were murdered in cold
blood in Cuba by the Spanish authorities. Evi-
dence shows them guiltless of any crime. For
eight months theirblood has been crying for ven-
geance, and yet nothing has resulted or is likely
to result except courteous diplomatic corre-
spondence.
But toward another nation this resolution
is directed, a nation always demanding the
highest respect for her own citizens, and from
whom we must claim the most complete ac-
knowledgment of the rights of ours. It is in
behalf ot our Irish-American citizens impris-
oned for sympathy with suffering and outraged
Ireland.
Mr. Speaker, if there be any class of our
adopted citizens having special claim upon our
sympathy and protection, it is our Irishmen.
They formed the first large emigration that
swelled ourpopulation and power. The tyranny
which drove them into exile specially fitted them !
_for earnest support of our free institutions.
'In every war, from the Revolution to the great ,
rebellion, they have ever been in the front ranks .
of battle, and with characteristic enthusiasm
maintained the cause of their adopted country.
It is enough for us to know that they are in
prison and need ministering unto. We call to
know.whether they are legally detained. If
they have committed crimes worthy of impris-
onment, we may pity but must endure ; but if
they have not, we are called upon by every j
principle of sympathy and national honor to [
demand their release, and to see that the de- j
mand is complied with.
I am not one of those who would provoke I
war with England without most serious cause. !
Jvothing is more to be deprecated; neither
can afford the dire calamities inseparable from
i-uch a conflict. And yet I cannot be insensi-
ble to some material advantages we would have
over our opponent in such a war. We would
emerge from the conflict with no rival upon our
northern border. When the smoke of battle
cleared away the sun would shine upon the !
real ms of the " star-spangled banner'' from the
uulf to the Arctic ocean. The skeleton terri-
tory we pessess fromBehring's straits toPuget I
sound would have enlarged to the Atlantic, j
and British America be a thing of the past, j
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 62.
This result must, however, be the same in time,
war or no war. There is an inevitable gravi-
tation of interest that sooner or later must
make all ours from Newfoundland to Vancou-
ver's Island. We must have the pure-blooded
Canadians with their intelligence and worth to
offset the mongrel citizenship we are creating
at the South. The Canadians must join us or
never reach true prosperity.
The revolt at Winnipeg means separation
from England and annexation to the United
States. Though few in numbers, their isola-
tion renders them independent. England has
no practical access to them except through the
district I have the honor to represent, and that
route for purposes of war must ever remain
closed to her. The inhabitants of Winnipeg
know their advantage, and will not cease agita-
tion until they become a component part of
our Republic. From the British possessions
on the Pacific we hear a like desire. Through-
out the Canadas they are awakening to their
true interest. The unity of North America is
the destiny of our country.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have been using larger
latitude than, perhaps, pertains to this subject.
I had only intended to speak of the necessity
of prompt action on the part of our Govern-
ment to maintain the rights of our citizens in
foreign lands, particularly the rights of our nat-
uralized citizens, since theirs are more likely
! to be violated. I would have the name of
American respected wherever the sun shines—
respected as the English name is respected to-
day ; respected as the Roman name was nine-
teen centuries ago. Let that boon of citizen-
ship which we freely give be as sovereign in its
power to protect as that which the alien then
obtained by purchase alone. Thus, and thus
alone, we can as a nation achieve true great-
ness.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, so far as the
resolution is concerned with which this report
concludes, I have no objection to the report.
• I am certainly prepared at any time, when any
.; member of this House rising here in his official
; capacity asks for information affecting the
i1 rights of any American citizen, native or adopt-
ed, anywhere on the globe, to aid in procuring
that information, and if the resolution origin-
ally introduced by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] had been so phrased as not
to express an opinion in advance, as not to
reflect upon any department of the Govern-
ment, as not to ally us if we adopt it with any
demonstration against any foreign Power, I
should have been quite ready to have assented
to it even without reference. And if the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs had concluded to
simply ask the passage of the resolution with
! which the report made by the gentleman from
j Maryland [Mr. Stvaxx] concludes I should have
i allowed the matter to pass the House with- '
out any observations of mine. But I regard
this demonstration of sympathy with an organi-
zation which has for its object the forcible
wrenching from the Government of Great :
Britain of a portion of its territory and a por-
tion of its people as unwise, as untimely, and
as beneath the dignity of this House of Repre-
sentatives.
I can understand why a gentleman who rep-
resents a constituency in New York city, a ;
constituency made up largely of adopted citi-
zens, of persons who belong to an organiza-
tion which is hostile to the Government of !
Great Britain, and which contemplates armed ,
hostility to that Government—I can understand
why a gentleman who represents such a con-
stituency should deem it not only advisable,
but in some sense his duty to rise iu his place
here and express sympathy with his constitu-
ents—sympathy with them whether they are
at home or in British prisons. But I cannot
understand why the Representatives of the
American people, the Representatives of Amer-
ican interests, the Representatives of a nation
which holds to the strict enforcement of neu-
trality in all its obligations with other nations,
should express here any sympathy with an
organization that has led to the fact, if such a
fact exists, that adopted citizens of the United
States are now immured in British prisons.
I have supposed that this organization, which
is generally known as the Fenian organization,
tolerated as it is in this country, aided and
abetted as it is in some parts of the country by
men high in official life, might possibly give
just reason and just cause of offense to a friendly
Power against which that organization was sec
on foot. Almost daily through the Associated
Press we find dispatches announcing the meet-
ings of this organization declaredly, avowedly
hostile to the Government of Great Britain.
They make uo secret of their purpose to wage
war upon England. They not only make no
secret of that purpose, but they raise money
openly by contribution and assessments for the
purpose of furnishing arms and recruits to aid
Irish insurrections.
Not only this, sir, but they have organized
on our own soil invasions of the soil of a
friendly Power, and it was only by the timely
and forcible intervention of a former Adminis-
tration that we escaped, happily escaped per-
haps, a more just claim against this Govern-
ment for damages by reason of that raid upon
Canada than any claim we now have against
Great Britain by reason of the damage accru-
ing to our commerce in consequence of the
escape of the rebel cruiser Alabama from the
ports of England. And it is to the credit of
that former Administration, one of the few
things for which I have reason to thank that
Administration, that it interposed the execu-
tive arm of this Government and forcibly pre-
vented that invasion.
But we know that at that time there were
many politicians in this country who con-
sidered, as many politicians in the country
now consider, that it was wise and politic for
them to denounce the Government for that
: act in order that they might secure the votes
of the Irish, the votes of those who are called
" our adopted fellow-citizens of Irish descent,"
by this expression of sympathy with them in
their assault upon the Government of Great
Britain.
Now, sir, if the lessons of the last eight or
ten years of our history have not taught ua the
value of an honest neutrality, the value of the
friendly offices of a friendly Power when the
existence of our Government was assailed—if
those lessons have failed to teach us this truth,
then for the last ten years we certainly have
been very unprofitable scholars.
We have had occasion time and time again
to urge, and the published correspondence of
our State Department for eight years is loaded
with the protests of this Government against
the unfriendly feeling manifested by the British
•l Government against us during the late insurrec-
tion in the United States. We have made that
a reason for stating many times that we would
j remember this conduct of Great Britain ; that
| we would remember the unfriendliness that
1 had been visited upon us in our time of trial,
| and that we would teach our children and our
| grandchildren to remember it, and that if the
I time should ever come when we would be able
to redress that wrong on the field of strife we
would accept the opportunity to show the
English people what terrible memories we
have.
Yet, sir, with these words in our mouths,
i with these protests on every page of our diplo-
matic correspondence, gentlemen express on
this floor and on the platforms in conventions
and mass-meetings sympathy with whom and
with what? With those whom they call " our
: adopted fellow-citizens;" with those who are
plotting, who are planning, who are raising
money, who are organizing in this country for
the purpose of dividing the kingdom of Great
j Britain and establishing a separate Government
; in Ireland. Now, sir, whether the Irish at home
j are right or wrong in their aspirations for inde-
I pendent government, whether it would be wise
