1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921
lie also presented a petition from Gitizens of
Hampshire, praying the abolition of the
flanking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on tlie table.
Mr. CRAGIN. I also present a memorial
of ship-builders and one hundred others, citi-
zens of Boston and vicinity, praying that the
officers of the naval Construction department,
which represents largely the people and me-
chanics of our country, may be placed in such
high position &S their responsibilities entitle
tliem to in any organization thatmay be estab-
lished. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Lincoln to Meriden,
Nebraska; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of A.
Murdoch, president of the Mobile and Ohio
Railroad Company, praying a reduction of
taxes on railroads ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER. I present a statement show-
ing the amount of salaries of line officers of
the Navy under the present organization, and
under the provisions of the bill (S. No. 656) to
reduce the naval establishment of the United
States, introduced by me on Friday. It is
explanatory of the bill I introduced. I move
that it be printed for the information of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I present a petition, very
numerously signed by persons who state that
they are citizens of the United States, andwho
ask Congress to make a donation to Wilber-
force University, stating that that is an institu-
tion of learning located near the cityofXenia,
county of Greene, in the State of Ohio ; that
'' pupilage is denied to no one on account of
race, color, or previous condition, yet this
institution is designed with particular refer-
ence to the education of the colored raceand
the petitioners ask in behalf "of said institu-
tion a donation of $50,000 of the allowance
made by your honorable body, the Congress
of the United States, for the education of the
freedmen of the South, a fund which shall not
be partial in its benefits, or from an^ sourcc
that yonr judgment may designate." Then the
petition proceeds to state reasons why the dona-
tion may be made from the funds designated.
This petition, it is proper to state, is signed
by a great many very eminent citizens of Ohio.
It is also proper to state that a number of sig-
natures which appear to it are all in the same
handwriting. I account for that in this way:
the petition was printed and evidently sent
abroad throughout the State to be signed, on
a single sheet; the person who sent it to me
probably copied some signatures that were
defaced or worn ont and pasted them all to-
gether. There are, however, a number of
original signatures to it, some of which I rec-
ognize as the signatures, as I said before, of
some of the most eminent citizens of Ohio. I
therefore present the petition as it is and for
what it may bo worth, saying again that I have
no doubt that those signatures which appear
to be all in one handwriting are copies of
original signatures that ought to have been
sent instead of these copies; but there are
original signatures here whose handwriting I
know. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented a joint resolution
of the thirteenth General Assembly of the
State of Iowa, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives in Congress
from that State to use their efforts to secure a
tri-weekly mail route from Strawberry Point,
Clayton county, Iowa, via St. Sebold and
Volga City, to the town of Elkader, Iowa;
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 121.
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a petition from citizens
of Polk county, Iowa, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of John
A. CraddoCk, Halifax county, Virginia; of
John M. Owen, Halifax county, Virginia; pf*
E. A. Williams, Mecklenburg county, Virginia;
of R; E. Owen, Halifax county, Virginia; of
R. A. Watkins, Amelia county, Vitgitiia; oF
Walter Powell, Fairfax county, Virginia ; of
W. W. Montgomery, Augusta County, Virginia;
of W. R. Pugh, Henrico county, Virginia; of
R. Faulkner, Halifax county, Virginia; of
W. Overly, Halifax county, Virginia, and of
R. V. Watkins, Halifax county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
Which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, praying an appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation of the Rap-
pahannock river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Lewis A. Perkey, Abingdon, Virgiuia; of John
G. Kasey, Bedford county, Virginia: of Sam-
uel J. Wade, Bedford county, Virginia;_ of R.
A. Richardson, Smythe county, Virginia; of
James B. Dorraan, Rockbridge county, Vir-
ginia ; of C. F. Johnston, Henrico county, Vir-
ginia; of A. S. Starritt, Smythe county, Vir-
ginia; of Samuel C. Turner, Lnnenbnrgdounty,
Virginia; of John Dickcnson, Grayson county,
Virginia; of W. C. Parks, Grayson county,
Virginia; of J obn W. Snyder, Montgomery
county, Virginia ; of Joseph Smith, Carroll
county, Virginia ; of J. Bunting, Washington
county, Virginia; of D. Deal, Buchanan county,
Virginia; of J. A. McQuown, Washington
county, Virginia; of James Cobby, Buchanan
county, Virginia ; of A. J. Edwards, Buchanan
county, Virginia; of William G. G. Lowry,
Washington county, Virginia; of James Suth-
erland, Buchanan county, Virginia; of B. II.
Shackelford, Fauquier county, Virginia; of R.
H. Spindle, Rockingham county, Virginia; of
S. H. Price, Loudon county, Virginia; of W.
H. Ludlow, Virginia; of Samuel Judd, Vir-
ginia ; of J. C. Terry, sr., Halifax county, Vir-
ginia ; of James M. Figgat, Botetourt county,
Virginia; of J. D. Butler, Caroline county,
Virginia; of J. J. Lawson, Virginia; of H. C.
Peatross, Caroline county, Virginia; of J. H.
James, Caroline county, Virginia; of 1'. L.
Fred, Loudon county, Virginia; of R.^ W.
Priddy, Charlotte county, Virginia; of S. P.
Watkins, Halifax county, Virginia; of A. H.
Farmer, Halifax county, Virginia; of David
Lawson, Halifax county, Virginia; of James
F. Calhoun, Charlotte county, Virginia; of
Joseph C.Terry, Halifax county, Virginia; of
John A. McCraw, Halifax county, Virginia;
of B. Snydnor and G. J. Dobbs, Mecklen-
burg county, Virginia; of James D. Hawkins,
Halifax county, Virginia; of William H.
Tuck, Halifax county, Virginia; of_i. 1'.
Ninde, King George county, Virginia; of
Thomas N, Welch, Caroline county, Vir-
ginia; of E. K. Snead, Accomac county s Vir-
ginia; of R. F. Cole, Williamsburg county,
Virginia; of Thomas G. Godwin, Virginia; of
Richard Parker, Virginia,^ of R. M. Wiley,
Alleghany county, Virginia; of James t.
Petty, Virginia; of John B. J. Logan, Roan-
oke county, Virginia; of J. O. Pollard, King
William county, Virginia; of R. A. Sinclair,
Prince William county, Virginia; of L. 1.
Moore, Virginia; of Cyrus Harding, North-
umberland county, Virginia; of Samuel Down-
ing, Lancaster county, Virginia; of William
T. Taliaferro, Franklin county, Virginia; oi
J. S. Adams, Patrick county, Virginia; of L.
B. Jeffreys, Halifax county, Virginiaof Wil-
liam A. Sheffield, Henry county, Virginia; oi
Jeremiah Gfriggs, Henry county, Virginia; of
S, B> Major, Halifax county, Virginia; ofW.
H. Perkins, Middlesex county, Virginia; of
John W. Taylor, King William comity, Vir-
ginia; of W, H. Ragan, Montgomery county,
VirginiaOf A. T. Gishman, King George
cotinty, Virginia; of George S. M. Payne, Cul-
papper county, VifglHia s of B. B. Powell,
Loiidbn county, Virginia; ofJG. Nelson, Prince
Williatii coailty, Virginia; Of Benjamin J.
Vftugh&rfi, HehvicO county, Virginia; of John
L, Andrews, Spottsylvania county, Virginia;
of A. W. Morton, Henrico county, Virginia; of
J. D. Hawkins, Halifax cduiity, Virginia; of
Gebrge B. Clark, Brunsv?iek county, Virginia;
of Petef Stainback, Brunswick County, Vir-
ginia; of W. B. Day, Fairfax county, Virginia;
ofW. L. Childs, Fauquier county, Virginia; of
James T. Gray, Prince Edward county, Vir-
ginia; of R. C. Garland, Middlesex county,
Virginia; of William M. McGruder, Henrico
county, Virgiuia; of William H. Purkins, Mid-
dlesex county, Virginia; of E. T. Purkins,
Middlesex county, Virginia; of William A.
Turner, Albemarle county, Virginia; of R.
E. Frayser, Henrico county, Virginia; of
Thomas Barham, New Kent county* Virginia;
of Joseph S. Watson, Prince Edward county,
Virginia; of Thomas J. Wheeler, Northumber-
land county, Virginia; and of B. D. Morton and
W. II. Morton, Mecklenburg county, Virgiuia;
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREBRY presented the petitions of
John E. Cooper, John S. Williams, John C.
Noble,Thomas D. Grundy, John Rodman, and
J. P. Bates, of Kentucky, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to tha select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. YATES presentedtwenty-threepetitions
of citizens of Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of the principal chief and delegates oi
the Cherokee nation of Indians, remonstrating
against a territorial form of government for
them, and in favor of the payment by the Uni-
ted States of all just obligations to said nation ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND KEF1SRRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. S. Wilson, pray-
ing compensation for expenses incurred and services
rendered in aid of Union prisoners at Andersonville,
Georgia, be withdrawn from the files, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committeemen Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (8. No.
c4g) providing for the payment of the expenses
of the delegation of the eastern Cherokees,
have instructed me to report it with an amend-
ment. The Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Abbott] is very desirous to have immediate
action of the Senate on this bill; and if there
be no objection, I should be very glad to have
it disposed of novf.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HARLAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (8. No. 040) to pro-
mote the civilization of Indians, and prepare
them for the rights and duties of citizenship,
have had the same under consideration, ana
instruct me to report it with an amendment m
the nature of a substitute. 1 move that it be
printed and recommitted to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduces tml
