978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
or unwise for the people of Ireland to be al-
lowed to have a separate nationality, is no con-
cern of ours so long as we profess to be a
friendly Power, so long as we hold that in mat-
ters of this sort non-intervention, rigid, strict
neutrality, are the doctrines which our inter-
pretation of international law has clearly set-
tled and established. ij
Sir, it is because, incorporated in the body
of this report like the stump speech in the belly
of a bill famous in our congressional history,
there is practically this declaration of a fellow-
feeling with this Fenian organization, this dec- I
laration of regard for our "Irish adopted fel- ;
low-citizens'' who are in British prisons simply ;
because they have violated the laws of Great
Britain, that I have sought this opportunity to
declare my dissent from this expression of
" cordial sympathy."
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment? :!
Mr. WILLARD. Yes, sir. j:
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman miscon-
strues my original resolution; I think he does 1 j
himself injustice. He is a member of the Com- I
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and if he will read
carefully the resolution which I introduced
here he will find that it was especially guarded j J
so as to convey no expression of sympathy with : j
the Fenians, because I wanted the resolution *||
to pass unanimously in this House, with a view
to creating a correct and emphatic public
sentiment on this subject. My resolution as
originally introduced, and objected to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
asked simply for the amelioration of these out-
rages or for the release of these prisoners. By
no word of implication does that resolution
undertake to sympathize with any armed move-
ment in this country upon Great Britain. I will |
reserve a fuller expression of my views on that
point for a more proper forum.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, it is true
that the word "Irish" and the word "Fenian"
do not appear in this resolution, and it may
be that the gentleman supposed that this
rose by some other name would smell sweeter
in this House. But it is true that whatever
careful phraseology may have been put into
this resolution, however carefully the gentle-
man may have guarded it so that it should not
catch the ear as offensive, the real purpose
and spirit of the resolution are a declaration
of sympathy with the Irish naturalized Ameri-
can citizens who are now in British prisons,
and who are there if they are there at all be-
cause they have violated the laws of Great
Britain and have attempted to divide that king-
dom. The resolution sent to the committee
declares—
That the Amerioan people have heard with horror
and indignation of the treatment oT Amerioan pris-
oners under English authority; that no language is
sufficient to condemn the treatment of auch prisoners;
and that we urge upon the national Executive the
imperative duty of immediate intervention on their
behalf.
Mr. BANKS. That is not the resolution
of the committee.
Mr. WILLARD. I am speaking of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York, and
those who have listened to the remarks of the
gentlemen who have preceded me in this
discussion will understand that these " prison-
ers" are Irishmen, Americanized Irishmen,
who after having forsworn their allegiance to
the kingdom of Great Britain, after having
come to this country and sworn allegiance to
our Government and to our flag, have been
engaged in plotting, and not only in plotting
but in actively working to sever Ireland from
the British empire.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this resolution goes over till
to-morrow.
regents of smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of the following-named gentlemen as
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution:
Luke P. Poland, of Vermont; James A.
Garfield, of Ohio, and Samuel S. Cox, of
New York.
personal explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to claim the indul-
gence of the House for a brief time for a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. KELSEY. For how long?
Mr. MARSHALL. Only a short time.
There was no objection.
Mr. MARSHALL. When the discussion
was up before the House yesterday, growing
out of the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means on the subject of the tariff, I find
that I am reported improperly in several par-
ticulars,and especially in one instance, to which
I wish to call the attention of the House at this
time. I will send to the Clerk's desk an ex-
tract from the Globe for the purpose of having
it read; and I do so for the purpose merely of
showing that the question and answer, in the
manner in which they are presented in the
Globe, place me in a false position in regard to
my relations with the majority of the members
of the Committee of Ways and Means. When
the honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] asked me a question it was at a time when
the Speaker's hammer admonished me that I
could no longer claim the attention of the
House, as my time had expired. I could not
answer the gentleman by a direct negative
without doing injustice to myself, nor by a
direct affirmative without doing injustice to the
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means,
with whom I have had and still continue to
have the most pleasant personal relations. I
never made and never intended to make any
such reflection upon the majority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as would appear
from the extract from the Globe, which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Cox. I would like to know whetherthis bill
is not an aggravation of the present monopolizing,
fraudulent, and scoundrelly system of tariff in this
country?
"Mr. Marshall. Yes, sir; it is."
Mr. MARSHALL. At the time I did not
answer in any way the question of my friend
from New York, and simply for the reason
that the hammer of the Speaker in the most
emphatic manner was admonishing me that I
was no longer entitled to the floor. An answer
in the negative would have done me injustice,
and an answer in the affirmative would imply
a personal reflection upon the majority of the
committee, a thing which I should avoid doing.
I could not have made any such answer as is
reported, for my time had expired and I had
not the floor; and besides it was not in order
to discuss the merits of the bill. I stated that
in every respect I disapproved of the exist-
ing tariff legislation, as well as the bill then
reported; and I would have liked very much
to have been ■ permitted at the time to have
gone into an analysis of the bill so far as I
understood it. That, however, was not per-
mitted. While I differ in principle from the
majority of the committee, I need hardly say
that I would avoid using any language dis-
courteously reflecting upon the members com-
posing that majority.
Mr. COX. I think it is just for me to say
one word. I ought to apologize to the House
for using that unparliamentary word. I do not
think I often violate the proprieties here. I
could not think of the proper synonym at the
moment, and it was the first word that came to
my mouth. I wished to say that the system was
iniquitous in its working, and I substitute that
expression.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I find that
amid the confusion that prevailed upon the floor
at the time I am improperly reported in other
respects in the latter portion of my remarks.
What I intended to say, and what I did say in sub-
stance, was that while I did not question the
good faith of the committee, they had, in my
judgment, utterly failed to meet the hopes and
just expectations of the great body of the peo-
ple; that for myself I was opposed alike to
the existing legislation upon the tariff and to
the bill now proposed by the committee ; that
in my humble judgment there is no authority
to be found in the Constitution to lay and cof-
lect duties for other purposes than that of rev
enue ; that a tariff for any other purpose, and
especially one levied to foster and enrich one
section of our country at the expense of others,
or to foster and enrich one class of citizens or
one branch of industry at the expense ofothers
is unauthorized by the Constitution, unjust to
the great body of the American people, and
eventually injurious even to the very indus-
tries which are intended to be fostered.
The existing tariff is the result, most un-
questionably, of the schemes and combinations
of what are known as the manufacturing in-
dustries of the country. The people all over
| the land are demanding relief from these in-
S tolerable exactions. Ihe bill presented will
| answer none of the purposes for which legis-
i lation is demanded. The curse has been the
| legislation dictated by the greed of manufac-
; turers, and this bill gives them one more addi-
tional grab at the depleted pockets of the
people. The country is groaning under the
| burdens of intolerable taxation, but this bill
gives no hope of relief. The people are cry-
ing for bread and we offer them a stone. The
bill will reduce the revenues of the Govern-
i ment without giving any relief to the toiling
| millions, while the manufacturers get a little
' more of their favorite panacea, protection.
The agricultural interests, borne down by in-
tolerable"burdens, are left, a manacled prey to
their destroyers. The ship-building interests,
struggling in the agonies of death, are left to
perish from the earth. American commerce,
murdered in the house of its friends, finds
here no hope of resurrection.
The people of the West and South, and in-
deed of the entire country, who are struggling
to build and extend railroads and open up new
avenues to market, are still to be borne down
to the earth by the intolerable exactions of the
ironmongers. The iron monster retains its
grasp upon the throats of the people and refuses
to surrender any portion of its lawless gains.
More cruel than death and more remorseless
than the grave, it continues its exactions after
the life of its victim is extinct. The coal,
salt, and lumber monopolists are left with the
power to euter the homes of the lowly and by
the hocus-pocus game miscalled protection rob
them of a moiety of their miserable pittance.
; The lords of the loom and the spindle retain
their hold upon the throats of the people.
And now, Mr. Speaker, as I can no longer
claim the indulgence of the House, I will con-
clude by saying that, without impugning ill any •
way the motives of a single member of the
committee, I think they have entirely miscon-
ceived the character of legislation demanded
by the exigencies of the country, and that
after the bill now submitted shall have been
fully discussed I shall ask that it be recom-
mitted to the committee, with instructions to
prepare and report a bill more in accordance
with the wants, the hopes, and the just expect-
ations of the country.
Mr. Speaker, when this bill shall come up for
discussion I will attempt by the most undeniable
facts to prove that the positions which I have
here taken are well founded; and, if not done
by others, will submit a plan for a tariff that
will produce a sufficient revenue and at the
same time be just to all sections and all classes
of our country, and will ask a vote of the
House thereon.
john b. tucker.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1073) granting a pen-
sion to John B. Tucker, late a private in t
Green river battalion, Kentucky volunteers,
which was read a first and second time, an
referred to the Committee 011 Invalid Iren
sions.
