1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
ROCK ISLAND IIU1POK.
Mr. DAWES. I vield to the sentleraan from
Illinois [Mr. HawiVy] to offer a resolution.
Mr. HAWLEY. 1 a-k unanimous consent
to offer tor consideration at the present time a
joint resolution in relation to the Kock Island
bridije.
lhe SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for the information of the House.
l he joint lesolutien was read. It provides
that in the construction of the bridge heretofore
authorised by Congress across the Mississippi
river, between Kock bland and the city of
Davenport. the Secretary of War shall have
rower u> construct the same with a single rail-
road track only, ami to place the wagon-road
below the railroad track, as recommended by
the chief of engineers, provided that in no
case ?ha!I the expenditure on the part of the
1'iHted States exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Is the joint resolution
lutrodticed for [ resent action or for reference?
The SPEAKER. V or present action.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Then I object.
Mr. DAWES. If I am perm'tted to make
a remark. 1 will say that this joint resolution
has been submitted to theCommittee on Appro-
priations. and that they do notentertain a aoubt
that it wiil effect a saving to the Government.
It is introduced on the recommendation of the
chief of engineers and of the War Department.
The continuance of the work on the original
p'.an will involve the Government in a larger
expenditure than will be incurred under a
change of plan ; and if the change is to be
made at all it must be made now.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations whether I
am to understand that theCommitteeon Appro-
priations have examined the proposition con-
tained in this resolution, and whether they
approve it
Mr. DAWES. I do not speak for all the
committee, but I say i have examined the
proposition myself and approve of it. It comes
trom the Wsr Department and is the result
o! further investigation since the original plan
was adopted. It is for the pnrpose of bring-
ing the ezpenditore within the original limit.
Kv en-body who has examined the matter knows
that the bridge never can be constructed within
the original limit on the original plan. All
bridges of this kind have of late years been
constructed on the plan here proposed, and I
U-iieve the expenditure can be brought within
the original limit by this plan and no other.
Mr. MAYNAKD. On the statement by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that after a personal examination he gives his
indorsement to the scheme, I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I Lave no objection to
the joint resolntion being introduced for refer-
ence. But the explanation of the chairman
of thi Committee on Appropriations satisfies
me that it ought to go to a committee. I recol-
lect that in the last Congress there was a bill
came in here in the same way that was only
to remove some little legal objection to a former
appropriation. I thoughtat the time there was
something objectionable about it and raised
an alarm, but was voted down. I afterward
found that it involved us in an expense of
something like a million dollars.
Mr. HAW LEY. I should like to say a word
in explanation of the resolution which I now
offer, it is introduced in accordance with the
recommendation of the Secretary of War. The
Secretary of War is of the opinion, and the
Attorney General is also of the opinion, that
under existing laws it is necessary to construct
Uii  bridge wide enough foradoublc-track rail-
road ; a^o, that under existing laws it is neces-
sary that the railroad shail be below the wagon-
road instead of above it. All that is recom-
mended now by the Secretary of War and the
chief of engineers is, that this railroad shall be
ot a single track instead of a double track, and
that the wagon-road shall be below the railroad
instead of above it. The engineer in charge,
General Warren, estimates that the bridge con-
structed in accordance with existing laws, as
understood by the War Department, will cost
$1,745,17'J Co; and that by making this change
in the plan it can be builtwithintbe$l,000,000,
the sum limited by law at the time the appro-
Criation was made for the construction of the
ridge.
The law passed in 1868, providing for the
construction of this bridge and making the
first appropriation, limited the whole appro-
priation to be made by the Government to
$1,000,000. That limit is still covered by the
resolution which I have now introduced, and
it is simply for the purpose that they may go
on with the work and build tin; bridge within
the sum provided by law ; that is to say, within
the sum of $1,000,000. I'nless this is done,
the bridge cannot be built, as shown by the
estimates of the chief of engineers, for a sum
less than that which I have named.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I suppose it cannot
be built at all under the appropriation now
made, and it never ought to have been built.
Congress should never undertake to build
bridges for the benefit of railroad companies
as they did in this case.
Mr. HAWLEY". There has been already
appropriated for the construction of the bridge
$700,000. Contracts have been made by the
Government long ago—long before I came
into Coneress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know that, and that
measure was got through Congress in the same
hasty way that this bill is proposed to be got
through, nobody knowing exactly what it did
mean, one thing necessitating another, until
we finally got involved in this large expense to
build a bridge for a wealthy railroad company.
I think the joint resolution ought to go to a
committee.
Mr. DAWES. I will make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. HHwi.ky]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofieij)j which I think will satisfy them. If
there is any occasion for doubt about this
matter let the joint resolution be referred to
some committee with authority to report at
any time; because if the plan is changed at
all it must be done at once. I desire myself,
as I have suggested, that this joint resolution
ought to pass, that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and others shall be made certain on
that point; but the committee should have an
opportunity to report at any time. I will not
object to its reference to any committee what-
ever that will have an opportunity to bring it
back.
Mr. HAWLEY. The work cannot progress
further until this question is determined.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I hope it never will
be determined. Is was a bad work from the
beginning and it never ought to be made.
Sir. HAWLEY. I will modify my motion,
and move that the joint resolution be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, with
authority to report it back at any time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why the Committee on
Military Affairs?
Mr. CONGER.- I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, where it
properly belongs.
Mr. iNGEKSOLL. There is bat one com-
mittee to which it appropriately belongs, and
that is the Committee on Railways and Canals.
I object to its going to any other.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The navigation of
the river has something to do with it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It involves an appropri-
ation, and ought to go to the Committee on
Appropriations. The chairman of that com-
mittee has spoken kindly of it, and its friends
ought not to object to its going to that com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ixgekkoll] object to its going to
that committee V
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do object.
Mr. IIAWLEY. I am willing that it shall
go to the committee of which my colleague is
chairman, the Committee on Railways and
Canals.
Mr. CONGER. I insist on my motion. The
Committee on Commerce is the proper com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. It is not a matter for a
majority to determine. The motion that the
committee shall have leave to report at any
time requires unanimous consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall object to that part
of it. I am willing that it shall go to a com-
mittee and take its chance with other legisla-
tion.
Mr. HAWLEY". Then I withdraw the joint
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union I will yield for a brief perio 1 to gen-
tlemen who desire to bring business before the
House.
CIIEROKKE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1074) to dispose of ih«
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas to actual
settlers only; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
I.AND GRANTS TO KANSAS.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 107o) to amend
an act entitled "An act for a grant of lauds to
the State of Kansas in alternate sections to aid
in the construction of certain railroads and tel-
egraph lines in that State which was read a
first and second time, and.referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
READJUSTMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. CLARKE also presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Kansas, in favor
of a readjustment of the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives among the several States; which
was referred to the special Committee on the
Ninth Census.
REMOVAL OF NATIONAL CAPITAL.
Mr. CLARKE also presented concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, in favor of the removal of the national
capital to the Fort Leavenworth reservation,
and requesting their Senators and Represent-
atives to vote against additional appropriations
for public buildings in the city of VVasliington ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
WORK IN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] if that committee lias under consider-
ation any measure by which relief may be given
to a large number of men in different parts of
the country who have lately been discharged
from work for the Government?
Mr. DAWES. I will answer my colleague
[Mr. Banks] by saying that a bill of that char-
acter is now before the Committee on Appro-
priations, and we have it under consideration.
They would, perhaps, have been prepared to
report this morning if it could have been
possible for them to have had the conference
they expected with the officers of the Navy
Department in regard to what are their neces-
sities. That conference has been promised
to-morrow morning, and it is the hope of the
committee that they will be able to report
to-morrow.
INTERNAL REVENUE REPORT.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and, under the law, referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Jiesolved, That in addition to tlio usual number of
copies of the report of tho Commissioner of Inter-
