1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4755
form, but expects to be able to move amend-
ments by which it may be modified so as prob-
ably to pass without objection ; and lie is so
indisposed that he is not qualified to-day to
proceed with the bill. I think that ought to
be sufficient. To-morrow, lie says, he will be
ready. Oil that ground I hope the bill will
not be considered now.
Mr. STEWART. I called this bill up some
time ago and called the attention of the Sen-
ate to it. Amendments were offered, and then
it was laid over that we might examine it be-
fore taking it up for final action. It is not
every morning that I can get the opportunity.
If it goes over now I may not get the oppor-
tunity again. I have given every Senator a
chance to examine the bill. I did not attempt
to press it unduly; but on my own motion,
after it was brought to the attention of the Sen-
ate, I had it laid over.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire of the Senator from
Nevada if he is not aware of the illness of my
friend from California?
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot but express my
surprise, when the proposition to postpone the
consideration of the measure has been placed
on the grounds that it has been 
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I desire to state that if now we can have
an understanding by unanimous consent that
we shall have this bill taken up to-morrow
morning after the morning business, and vote
upon it, I shall be willing to let it go over. I
do not want to occupy time with it; I want to
pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. BAYARD. It strikes me as being
entirely unreasonable. Now I will proceed
with what I was saying when the Senator from
Nevada interposed.
When a measure is brought up here in the
morning hour that from necessity can occupy
but a short time in its discussion, it usually
should be a matter about which men's minds
are very well settled, or else a matter not so
important that it demands or needs to be fully
discussed. Here, however, is a measure which
affects a great nation of men probably, or at
least a question which affects our relations with
this great pagan race. 1 think, sir, that there
is no observant American but must have felt
himself much in doubt, greatly appalled by the
consideration of this vast question of our pro-
spective relations to this great pagan commun-
ity that lies on the eastern shore of the Pacific.
If there be a question in the presence of
which the best intellects of our day have stood
in doubt, and have confessed themselves inca-
pable of grappling with, it is the problem of
the relative rights and powers of capital and
labor. There has been in this country in the
progress of revolution a dislocating shock vis-
ited on the labor of more than onehalf of this
country. The disintegration ofthe whole south-
ern system, the ruin in which it now lies, is a
matter that calls for the most careful consid-
eration in regard to the method by which the
orderly progress of labor, and its relations to
capital, shall be restored.
Pending this there comes from Asia, thanks
to the existence and intercommunication of
steam, the possibility of filling the material
demand for labor by this pagan population.
The status of that population in our midst is
as yet undefined, politically and socially unde-
fined; and what it will result in is a matter :
which I think no thoughtful man is ready yet j
to commit himself in deciding. _ j
in the mean time, however, the practical
question goes on. The question of contracts
Jot the use of the bones and muscles, the ma-
teiial physical fiber of this oriental race, is
Ri-itliug itself in some degree under the ordi-
nal y laws of human intercourse and trade.
Free trade, which in my opinion is almost the
best, trade, exists as yet in respect of contracts
pertaining to physical labor.
Here now is, for the first time in the history
of our Government, a proposition made which
embraces this great question ; a proposition to
settle the relations in some degree of capital
and labor—labor in a mass, heretofore not con-
templated nor fully understood by those who
have charge of the legislation of this country;
and such a question as that, so pregnant with
important results, not only to the classes who
are termed the laboring classes of this country,
but to every man in this country, whether you
term him of the class capitalist or laborer—
such a question as that it is proposed now to
settle by a precedent that shall be discussed
and decided in the space of fifteen minutes by
the Senate of the United States! Because, if
the proposition were that the time now to be
occupied by this bill during the morning hour
was a mere matter of discussion for that rem-
nant of the hour which remains, it would be
useless for any man who professes to treat
this question with the respect that it demands,
who recognizes in any degree the dignity, the
immensity of this proposition, to attempt to
discuss it and to determine it in fifteen minutes'
short time.
It is therefore, I say, proper that the Senate
should approach this question with delibera-
tion; that their discussions here should be
marked by the gravest deliberation, and that
though this bill may have had the sanction of
the Judiciary Committee or not—I presume
it to have liad it, because the fact has been
stated upon this floor by a Senator—yet at the
same time our duties are not pinned to their
sleeves, and our duties are not limited by the
consideration and discussion that may have
passed in their chamber. But I do submit it
would be an act of indecorum to discuss and
pass a measure of this magnitude in the short
time proposed by the Senator from Nevada.
I would say one word further. I do not see
very well how this body can perform practi-
cally its duties without something more than
the mere- letter of the rules remaining to guide
it. If there be not consideration for the phys-
ical condition of Senators, if there be not a
sense of courtesy exerted within due and rea-
sonable and moderate bounds as to the pleas-
ure and convenience of Senators, I ask, how
shall the business of this body be conducted in
a tone that will tend to make it useful for the
country ?
Here an honorable Senator from the State
of California, a State which is the immediately
objective point of this emigration now, a State
which is to-day more politically and socially
affected by the questions of race and the ques-
tions of labor connected with the introduction
of this class of people than_ any other single
State at present in the United States—that
Senator desires, he and his colleague having
naturally more knowledge of this subject than
any other Senators on the floor, to submit to
the Senate views in opposition, or, if not in
opposition, views of a critical character upon
the measure proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada. And when he states the
fact that his time of preparation has not been
so full as he would desire, and for the purpose
of enlightening the minds of the Senate, not to
weary them by objections, not to oppose for
dilatory reasons only the passage of the bill,
asks that he may aid your minds by that con-
tribution of intelligence and learning which we
all know he is so competent to give, that alone
should in my mind be a good reason why the
8enate should refuse to take up, for the pur-
pose of disposing of it, a measure as grave as
this is.
And then, sir, in addition, when tne condi-
tion of that Senator's personal health is men-
tioned, when be is here suffering under phys-
ical disability at the moment which precludes
him from giving that degree ot comfortable
attention to business which he has a right to
ask, I say that I hear with regret, and 1 hear
with great surprise, the proposition tnat this
i last suggestion of his should be passed by
without respect, or, if noticed at all, should be
noticed rather in a disrespectful manner.
I trust, therefore, that the Senate may refuse
to take up this bill aud dispose of it or pre-
tend to dispose of it in the short time that
remains before the close ofthe morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, of course at
this time it is of no use to take up this ques-
tion this morning; and the Senator who has
the care of the bill is forced by necessity to let
it go over after the objections that have been
made ; but I trust that to-morrow morning, or
as early thereafter as possible, he will not only
call up the bill, but press it to a vote. I think
the time has come in this country when we
should have some action upon this subject; for
it does seem to meat thepresentday that there
is a conspiracy of capital in this country to
cast a drag-net over creatiou for the purpose
of bringing degraded labor here to lower and
degrade the laboring men of this country, and
I think it is time to meet that question.
Mr. STEWART. I shall now have to let
the bill go over; that is quite evident. But I
am surprised that Senators should say that it
is unusual to call up a bill of this kind after it
has been reported a long time, after it has
been once before called up and laid over, to
allow Senators to examine it, and delayed to
the extent that this has been. It is a simple
proposition to prevent servile labor contracts.
It seems to me that at this stage of the session
to propose that it be laid over to some other
day is not according to the course of the Sen-
ate. Who has command of that "some other
day?" Very likely I cannot get the floor on
that " some other day."
But, sir, it does seem from the remarks of
the Senator from Delaware that slavery dies
hard. The idea is suggested by him that,
thanks to steam, this labor could be brought
to supply the labor that was disarranged aud
destroyed in the South by the emancipation of
slaves. Sir, let that labor be supplied by free-
men, by those who come voluntarily to this
country. That supply is ample. Letallcome
from any part of the world who choose to come
voluntarily, but do not allow them to come in
under servile labor contracts. Let them not
come under contracts by which they can be
held to slave labor, to compete with free labor
in this country. I now withdraw my motion,
and let the bill go over, giving notice that I
shall call it np again as soon as I can, and I
do hope we shall get the consideration of the
Senate to this important subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada withdraws his motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely wish to congrat-
ulate the Senator from Nevada that he got a
chance to ride his old anti-slavery hobby again,
which has been a very favorite stalking-horse
with him in the past. I was in hopes that the
thing was dead and buried ; but if he will res-
urrect his Rosinante for the purpose of airing
his paces in the Senate Chamber of the Uni-
ted States he may do so. I can only say that
no remarks of mine in any degree justified it.
Mr. STEWART. I will always ride it in the
Senate when there is any proper occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
of the Senator from Nevada is not before the
Senate, having been withdrawn.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2293) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions : and
A joint resolution (EL R. No. Sol) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
j and adjust the accounts of the late collector
j of the third and sixth collection districts of
! Missouri.
1 The message also announced that the House
i had agreed to the amendments of the Sonata
