2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL G3LOBE.
April 21,
Senator from California one particularly struck
my attention. I do not know what the source
may be of his statistical information in respect
to the length of the Northern Pacific railroad.
If I understood him properly—perhaps I may
not have understood him properly on account
of the noise in the Chamber and my distance
from him and the lowness of his voice—he
would represent the length of this line of road
with its branch to be twenty-five hundred miles.
If I am wrong in this the Senator will correct
me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I gave the data. I said
that the line, as extended into three roads by
this resolution, would be about twenty-five
hundred miles long, taking all the deflections.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to state the
length of the line from Portland to Puget sound,
which runs along on the west side of the Cas-
cade mountains.
Mr. CORBETT. About one hundred and
sixty miles. I suppose.
Mr. HOWARD. Then every Senator can
make his calculation to suit himself from the
data which I shall give. 1 hold in my hand the
estimate of the length of the road under the
original charter, made by Mr. Johnson, the
chief engineer of the company, a gentleman
whose scientific and practical talent is well
known to the whole country, than whom an
honester man does not live. He states that
from Lake Superior to the waters of the straits
of San Juan de Fuca, on a direct line, is four*
teen hundred and sixty-four miles.
Mr. CASSERLY. " On a direct line."
Mr. HOWARD. On a direct line; and he
says, "add for deviations one hundred and
eighty-three miles." Railroad engineers have
a certain rule by which they calculate devia-
tions from a straight line. The whole length
of the line would therefore be only one thou-
sand six hundred and forty-seven miles. That
is the length of the line, with its proper devia-
tions, across the entire continent from Puget
sound. The length of the line from the place
of the deflection, according to the charter,
down to Portland, it is impossible to calculate,
because it is impossible for us now to ascertain
the point of deflection, but suppose that to be
two hundred miles from Portland—it is prob-
ably not further than that—that would make the
entire distance, including the Portland branch,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven
miles. To that should be added the length of
the line from Portland to Puget sound, which
ia stated to be about one hundred and sixty
miles. It is hardly fair, I submit to the honor-
able Senator from California, to make state-
ments in this body as to the length of this line
which are not borne out by something like
authentic and official facts.
Now, sir, I hope, if my honorable friend from
Nevada is not intending to address the Senate
on this subject, that we shall proceed to take
the vote.
Mr. CAS8ERLY. I would like to state to
the Senator from Michigan that I have the
authority, if I can put my hand upon it, of the
report of Commissioner Wilson, that the line
from Pnget sound to Lake Superior, counting
deflections, would be two thousand and twenty-
five miles long without reference to the Port-
land branch.
Mr. HOWARD. Manifestly Mr. Wilson is
mistaken in his estimate. The information
furnished by Mr. Johnson, the engineer, is far
more reliable than the almost conjectural dis-
tance of Mr. Wilson. I have great respect for
Mr. Wilson, but in that estimate he is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wanted to show that I
did not speak without authority.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise to inquire whether the
understanding as to taking the vote at three
o'clock precludes the offering of any further
amendments after that time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read, as it is reported in the Globe, the
understanding which was agreed to yesterday.
Mr. SCOTT. If amendments affc to he con-
sidered as excluded I wish to give notice now,
before three o'clock arrives, of an amendment
that I propose to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The agree-
ment will be read from the Globe.
The Secretary read as follows:
"The Presiding Officer. The Senator from
Michigan proposes that by unanimous oonsemt the ;
Senate agree to take the vote on this joint resolution
to-morrow at three o'clock. _ ( ;
" Mr. Edmunds. Its final determination. _ _ !
"The Presiding Officer. Is there any objeotion j
to that understanding? ['None.'] The Chair hears
none. It ia the common understanding, then, that |
at three o'clock to-morrow tho Senate will proceed i
to the final vote upon this joint resolution. ['Yes.']"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is i
the understanding and agreement which was
arrived at yesterday.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania allow me One word?
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to understand whether
the Chair rules that an amendment will not
be in order after three o'clock? ["No."
"No."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate
will be in order after three o'clock, according
to the agreement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Only debate is prevented.
Mr. SCOTT. Then an amendment will be
in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
Mr. NYE. I desire to appeal to the Sen-
ate again. The honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia has made a two-hours speech upon the
policy of this grant, which speech will be read
of course all over the Pacific coast. I hesi-
tate not to say, with the utmost resjpect to that
honorable Senator, that his speech is not_ in
accord with the public sentiment of the Pacific
coast nor in accord with the public senti-
ment of this country. It was understood that ,
my colleague should have half an hour to
reply, and I appeal to the Senate to give him
that half hour, that what I believe the true
sentiment of the Pacific coast may be ex-
pressed. I hope that will be done.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am a friend of the bill,
and I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the suggestion cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish it under-
stood that these agreements bind the official
action of the Senate ; they only bind gentlemen
here on honor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of three o'clock having arrived, a vote is to be
taken according to the agreement.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thukman.1
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. .Let the amendment he
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment which
was to add to the joint resolution the following
clause:
And the rights and privileges hereby conferred
upon said company, and the grants of land hereby
made to it, are conferred and made upon this condi-
tion : that said company, its successors and assigns,
shall forever transport over said road and its branches,
free from any toll or charge, all the troop.s, produce,
stores, and munitions of war that may belong to the
United States.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is three o'clock.
Mr. NYE. Well, I will say nothing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On all thequestionacon-
nected with this joint resolution I am paired
with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Howell,]
who, if present, I believe, would vote in favor
of this amendment and adverse to the joint res-
olution as reported by the committee, and I
should vote to sustain the joint resolution as
reported by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I hm pairedwith the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Ross. ] If he were present
he would vote against this amendment, and I
should vote for it.
The calling of the roll was commenced and
concluded.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have been requested to
state that the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. ,
Stockton] is paired on this joint resolution
with the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Abbott.] I did not observe until this moment
that the Senator from North Carolina was
present.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is true; but I supposed <
the pair was only for yesterday. However, I
withdraw my vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought the Senator
was absent, and therefore no criticism was '
intended on him by me at all.
Mr. ABBOTT. I saw the Senator from ,
New Jersey here this morning, I think.
Mr. CASSERLY. No.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire, then^to withdraw
my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from *
North Carolina withdraws his vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from New
Jersey were here he would vote for this amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. My col-
league [Mr. Vickers] is paired off with tho
Senator from Florida [Mr. Gilbert] on this
question; both being absent. My colleague
would vote against the joint resolution, and
i Mr. Gilbert for it. I may as well state also
that I am paired with the Senator from Ne-
braska [Mr. Tipton] upon this joint resolution
and the amendments. I shouldvote against the ■
joint resolution, and he would vote for it.
The result was announced—yeas 12, nays
35 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman,Cameron,
Casscrly, Harlan, McCreory, Morton, Pratt, Sauls-
bury, Willcy, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Chandler,
Cole, Corbett, Cragin, denton, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamlin, Harril, Howard. Howe, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, Eice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sponcer, Stewart, Sumner,
I Thayer, Trumbull, Williams, and Wilson—S5.
ABSENT—Messrs, Abbott. Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Cattoll.Conkling. Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Perry,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland Hamilton, of Texas,
Howell, Johnston, Lewis, Pool, Ross, Schurji, Sher-
' man, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers,
and Warncr—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer an amendment, to add
the following proviso:
Provided. That all lands hereby granted to said
company which shall not be,sold or disposed of, or
remain subject to the mortgage by this act author-
1 ized, at the expiration Of five years after the comple-
' tion of the entire road shall bo subject to settlement
i and preemption likeother lands, ata price to be paid
to said company not exceeding $2 50 per acre. And
! if the mortgage hereby authorized shall at any time
; be enforced by foreclosure or other legal proceeding,
i or the Government lands hereby granted, or any of
them, be sold by the trustees to whom such mortgage
may be exocuted, either at its maturity or for any
failure or default of said company under the terms
; thereof, such lands shall be sold at public sale at
places within the States, and Territories in which
they shall be situate, after not lecs than sixty days'
1 previous notice, in single sections or subdivisions
! thereof, to the highest and best bidders.
Mr. NYE. I rise to inquire whether that
; amendment is debatable?
; The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, by the
agreement of the Senate, but that is to be en-
forced by members themselves. The agree-
!: me'nt was read by'the Senator from1 Kansas,
!' who occupied the chair temporarily, and is ia
i the Globe. All debate was to cease at three
1 o'clock. The Chair, however, does not attempt
< to enforce this agreement. The Senator from
! Nevada must judge for himself as to the pro-
! priety of conforming to it.
j Mr. HOWARD. I will take the liberty of
; saying a few words. ["No." "No."]
[ XJie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
