980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
nal Revenue there be printed two thousand copies
for the usaof the Commissioner, and two thousand
copies for the use of the House.
metropolitan police, washington.
Mr. BOWEN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution authorizing the Committee
for the District of Columbia to inquire into and
report upon the alleged non-payment of the
Metropolitan police force of the city of Wash-
ington, as required by law; whidh was read,
considered, and adopted.
post routes in indiana.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. K. No. 1076) to establish
certain post routes in the State of Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
david 0. bates.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1077) for the relief
of the legal representatives of David G. Bates;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
james nutt. .
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1078) granting a pen-
sion to James Nutt, a soldier in the war of
1812; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
martha elwell.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1079) granting a
pension to Martha El well; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
trade with indian tribes.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1880) to amend an
act entitled "An act to regulate trade and in-
tercourse with the Indian tribes and to pre-
serve peace on the frontierswhich was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
unsold public lands in indiana.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1081) to provide
for the survey and sale of certain unsold pub-
lic lands in Porter and Lake counties, in the
State of Indiana; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to reconsider all
votes by which bills and joint resolutions have
been referred or recommitted since the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
submitted a motion to reconsider; and I also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] again appeals to me in behalf of
the poor of this District. I therefore will not
move to go into Committee of the Whole on
the legislative appropriation bill, but will per-
mit him to test the sense of the House upon
the subject.
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned
yesterday the pending question was upon the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cqok,] to direct the Committee of the Whole
to lay aside all orders prior to the bill of the
Senate for the relief of the poor and destitute
people of the District. The House divided
upon the question, and the motion was decided
in the affirmative. Before the result of the vote
was announced the yeas and nays were called,
pending which the House adjourned.
Ihe question was then taken upon ordering
the yeas and nays; and there were seventeen
m the affirmative, not one fifth of the last
vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KNOTT called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken On ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-one in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
! The motion of Mr. Cook to lay aside prior
' orders in Com mitteeofthe Whole was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I now move that the House
1 resolve itself into Committee of the Whole.
! The motion was agreed to.
j The House accordingly resolved itself into
j Committee of the Whole, Mr. Ferry in the
chair.
poor of the district.
The CHAIRMAN. The House having set
aside all prior special orders, the committee
! will now proceed to the consideration of the
; bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary relief of
; the poor and destitute people in the District
I of Columbia.
! Mr. COOK obtained the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I hope that before the gentle-
man proceeds the bill will be read.
The bill was read. In the first section it
appropriates the sum of $30,000 for the tem-
porary. relief of the poor and destitute popu-
lation in the District of Columbia, to be dis-
tributed by the mayors of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, the president of the
levy court, and Oliver O. Howard, through
the agencies of the Washington Association
for the Improvement of the Condition of the
Poor, the National Freedmen's Relief Asso-
ciation, and the Industrial Home School of
District of Columbia, and in such other man-
ner and in such proportions as they shall deem
most desirable and best calculated to promote
the objects of the appropriation. It also
authorjpes the Secretary of War to furnish the
mayors of Washington and Georgetown, the
president of the levy court, and Oliver O.
Howard condemned clothing and other articles
not suited for Army purposes, for distribution
by them among the poor and destitute in the
District of Columbia, not to exceed. $10,000.
The second section provides that the persons
charged with the expenditure of the aforesaid
appropriation shall, so far as may be practica-
ble, provide labor and materials for labor, so
as to promote and improve the condition of
the poor.
The third' section provides that the use of
buildings in Judiciary square, occupied as
store-houses by the medical department of the
Armv, be granted, until otherwise ordered by
the President, to the Women's Christian Asso-
ciation of Washington, for the purpose of ena-
bling said association to .give employment to
indigent women.
t The fourth and last section provides that the
parties hereinbefore named, to whom the dis-
tribution of said fund is intrusted, shall make
a report to Congress, on the first Monday of
December next, of their action when the sum
hereby appropriated shallhavebeen expended.
_ Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, f ask the atten-
tion of the committee for a. very few. minutes
while I make a very brief statement of facts,
many of which I have taken pains to verify by
m/own personal observation.
There are in the District of Columbia many
thousands of paupers aho are being relieved
to-day, as they have been for months, by pri-
vate charity only. I have taken pains to make
a personal investigation of this subject, and
also to secure reports from the different agen-
cies through which it is proposed this fund
shall be distributed. I hold in my hand a com-
munication from A. K. Browne, the special
agent .of the Provident Aid Society, in which
it is stated that—
"Eleven hundred worn-out and broken-down
slaves, emancipated toolatofor self-support by their
own labor, are ticketed by careful investigation, and
assisted once a month to subsistence at the office of
the National Freedmen's Relief Association
North Capitol street, among which number there are
no able-bodied men or women and no children who
have father and mother both.
Mr. Cbairmna, I need not read the whole of
this long report; and, indeed, I hesitate to lay
before the House and the country all the details
of the sufferings in this District, because the
facts are such as constitute a national disgrace
which I would not willingly have spread before
the public. I hold in my hand a list, which I
have personally verilied, of over one hundred
persons, formerly slaves, the youngest of whom
is sixty-six years of age, only two of whom are
under the age of seventy, and ten over the age
of ope hundred, for whom shelter alone is pro-
vided by the charity of the Society of Friends
in the city of Philadelphia, but who are entirely
dependent upon private charity for their food.
These people are all helpless, some of them
blind, some of them paralyzed. More destitu-
tion and more suffering actually exist to-day in
our national capital than I ever before heard
or dreamed of. I have visited these associa-
tions, and know of what I speak.
The reason why this relief is asked from
Congress—and it commends itself to my mind
as a valid reason for the passage of the bill—ia
this: the government of this District is in the
hands of Congress; we are the Legislature for
it, and we have absolutely neglected to pro-
vide for the people of this District a law for
the support of paupers. Multitudes of people
who have been drawn into this District by the
abolition of slavery, by various measures which
have been enacted by Congress, are now indi-
gent apd helpless, and in some instances ab-
solutely suffering for want of food. I hold in
my hand a communication from the secretary
of the Provident Aid Society, stating that on
Monday last fifteen hundred loaves of bread
were distributed at the rate of one loaf to each
family applying; and no application was recog-
nized unless indorsed by the whole board of
visitors upon personal inspection at the places
where the parties reside. The distribution of
these fifteen hundred loaves exhausted the
funds of the society, and seven hundred and
eighty applicants were turned away without
any relief whatever.
It appears by a statement from the Industrial
Home School that two hundred and eighty-four
orphan children of tender years, without father
or mother, are supported by private charity
to-day.
The destitution is appalling in this District.
We have provided no pauper laws by which
these people can be maintained. The obliga-
tion rested upon this Congress to provide by
legal enactment some mode by which the des-
titute and starving people here could be clothed
and fed. This we have neglected to do. I
have examined the laws upon the statute-book
with all the care I could, and I can find no law
which creates any fund, orwhich authorizes any
person or persons to see after the paupers of
the District of Columbia. I might say, per-
haps, that there is a law authorizing the levy
court to levy a tax for the support of the pau-
pers outside of the -cities of Washington and
Georgetown. But, sir, while I find a multitude
of independent appropriations by the Congress
of the United States for the relief of the poor
within these cities, there is no system by which
funds Can be raised by law for the relief of
paupers in this District.
These things ought not to be. I am met
with the objection that this state of things ought
to be remedied. I agree to it fully. I believe that
this is the worst-governed district in the coun-
try, and perhaps I might say the worst-gov-
erned place in the world. For myself per-
sonally, I am in favor of giving the people of
this District a local government; one under
which they will govern themselves and support
their own paupers; one under which they will
provide all the necessary expenses for carrying
on their government. I am willing to do that;
it has not been done heretofore, and here to-
