3813
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
Mayjgc
difference to them how; but they happened to
be in a position where they could command the
ear of the authorities, and get permission to
take cotton out of the country. Pretty much
all the cotton fell into their hands. Every
loyal man in the country pretty nearly who
had cotton was in the first place obliged to sell
it in order to get the proceeds to live upon.
That happened to be the case in almost every
instance. Then, in the next place, a man con-
sidered it safe to transfer his cotton to some-
body who could get it out of the country for
the purpose of realizing money upon it. In
that way pretty nearly all the cotton of the
country passed into the hands of men who were
disloyal in fact, and who are now pressing
claims at the hands of the United States Gov-
ernment.
It may be that some few, a very few loyal
men may suffer in the loss of cotton ; they may
suffer, too, in the loss of other things probably ;
but that is incident to all great wars ; all the
people must suffer more or less in every great
rebellion. That cannot be helped.
These claims have come up from time to
time, and large numbers of them are yet in the
course of preparation. They feel their way
very carefully, a step at a time. Gentlemen
are put forward under the cover of loyal men
who have suffered, who are able to state a case
here that will move the sympathies of the peo-
ple, move the sympathies of the Senate and
of the House of Representatives; but the loyal
men are not the parties who are moving in this
matter. It is the rebels who are doing it. I
believe money lies at the bottom of all these
movements. Rebels will realize ten dollars
where any loyal man will realize one. If you
Open the door, a loyal man, perhaps, will get
a claim of one or two hundred dollars where a
rebel will get $1,000,000. That will be the
result. I have heard some of those claims
spoken of; I have heard of speculations made
upon them as to what would occur and how
things might be brought about. I understand
very well how tbey can be brought about—by
money, by combinations, by influence; and
after a while, if they can get a handspike in
here and a crowbar there, by levers and move-
ments on one side, they will open a crack
through which every rebel in Christendom will
crawl in and take the last dollar you have got
in the Treasury; and then they will repudiate
your bonds and public debt. That is what
they would do if they had the power to day.
In my own section of country loyal men as
a rule have made up their minds to suffer the
losses that fell upon them during the rebel-
lion. They say they were in bad company
and must suffer for it. They hated to lose
their property as they hated to lose their slaves
originally, because it was all they had in many
cases; but they say, "Let that go; the Gov-
ernment of the United States has been kind
to us, after all: it has spared the property that
the rebels left at the close of the rebellion;
we have no complaints to make against the
Government of the United States." It is true,
with regard to claims contracted by the officers
of the United States at the close of the war
and after the close of the war, that a great
many of those claims are not paid yet; but the
amounts are not heavy. All through the coun-
try there are such claims contracted by officers
of the Army, and those claims beyond all
question ought to be paid ; they are fair debts.
But in regard to cotton losses I will state a
case that I happen to know something about
in Texas. A large mercantile establishment,
doing a large business at the beginning of the
war, purchased cotton during the rebellion.
It, happened to be away up in the northeastern
part of the State where it was difficult to get
cotton out of the country. They had sold
their goods, collected their debts, and invested
all in cotton in the expectation that at the
close of the war, or perhaps during the war,
they would be able to realize a handsome sum
of money out of it. They had bought four
or five thousand bales of cotton. It was a very
handsome fortune if realized.
During the last two years of the war it will
be remembered that the necessities of the con-
federate government began to be felt very sorely
by the army, by Mr. Davis, by the confederate
secretary of the treasury, and by everybody con-
cerned. This feeling found its way all over the
country. People asked, "What next?" Then
they were told, "Sell your cotton, if you have
got any ; cotton will bring money ; if you have
any cotton now anywhere you had better sell
it; the government will have to seize it ; the
governtnent is now seizing half of it, and the
first thing you know they will seize the whole
of it; sell it."
I undertake to say tfcat no loyal man any-
where in the southern confederacy held on to
his cotton after the beginning of 1864. He sold
it for the first moderate price he could get for
it in order to secure that much. Other men
undertook to run the blockade and get cotton
out of the country. If they suffered, if they
had their cotton seized in Charleston, or Sa-
vannah, or Mobile, or anywhere else where the
confederacy had sway, and if it was found in
warehouses there at the close of the war when
General Sherman visited those places, it was
a legitimate capture on the part of the United
States, and it ought to be held, the last sixpence
of it, forever. Not one cent of it ought ever to
be returned, because it will never go into the
hands of those justly entitled to it, even if any-
body is entitled to it. I say it is legitimate
capture, and it ought to be held by the Govern-
ment.
The mercantile establishment I spoke of in
Texas sold their cotton ostensibly to the Swed-
ish consul. He undertook, through friends he
had in Texas and New York and Washington
here, to manage to get that cotton out of the
lifnits of the United States and out of the limits
of the southern confederacy under the name
of the Swedish consul. His agent came for-
ward and was ready to testify that he had bought
the cotton for the Swedish consul. That cot-
ton was on the road toward a certain port at
the close of the war. He had communicated
with parties in New York, with parties in
Washington, and with military authorities at
the different military lines, confederate and
Federal, to get this cotton through and get it,
out of the country. It was caught on the road
with the mark and brand of the confederate
government,, " C. S. A.," on every bale of it.
The Treasury agents came into the country and
picked up a portion of that cotton, I do not
know how much of it; possibly not more than
one tenth or one twentieth, or perhaps one
half; I will not undertake to say how much.
But be it much or little, I understood after-
ward that a large part of it was proved out of
the hands of the agents of the Government as
belonging to loyal men, and surrendered to
them I
These facts have come out since because the
Swedish consul brought suit against the parties
from whom he said he purchased the cotton.
They are all broken and gone by the board, I
believe, and some of them dead and their estates
insolvent. The Swedish consul lost uo money,
because he never paid any, buthe lost the pros-
pect of making $400,000 as his commission for
smuggling the cotton out of the United States!
That is all.
Now, sir, I have said more on this question
than I intended when I got up. I merely meant
to say that it would be well for the Government
of the United States to guard the Treasury
carefully against the sharks who are plotting
night and day to find some road through which
they can invade the Treasury ; and they will
come in the back way if they cannot get in
anywhere else. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri will prevail.
Mr. FOWLER. I suppose no extended
discussion of this measure will certainly be
entertained. If it is, and this proposition is
entertained as a proper amendment to this
appropriation bill, I have another bill I should
like to move as an amendment to this. If the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
considers thisaproperamendment, and is going
to admit such an amendment on this bill, I
should like to move to amend this appropria-
tion bill by adding the bill for the relief of
Cowan & Dickinson, a cotton case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I said distinctly
that I did not think it was relevant. I have
not examined the amendment carefully so as
to have an opinion about the effect of it, or
what special merit it has; but I have suggested
already that if the Senate think an appropri-
ation bill is to be the vehicle on which all sorts
of legislation may be put, then it is impossible
to proceed successfully with one of these bills.
That is my objection to this amendment, and
I think we have an illustration of its impro-
priety now in the fact that a gentleman has the
privilege to speak on this amendment with ref-
erence to the general politics of the country.
Whenever such a general proposition comes
on, if it is admissible, of course it leads to a
general debate, and a general debate so inter-
rupts the proceedings that here we are now at
the end of a fortnight and more since this bill
came up,-and how much more there is before
us it is impossible for me to tell, and nobody
can tell, of course. If it is the sense of the
Senate that these general amendments or gen- •
eral propositions are allowable, and then if
gentlemen feel themselves at, liberty to go into
a general discussion; if the Senate are dis-
posed to allow that on this bill. I must say that I
shall begin to be rather indifferent what is put
on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind the Senator from Tennessee that the
thirtieth rule prohibits private claims being
placed on appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Chair think this
amendment is in order?
The_ VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment involves no appropriation. The Chair
thinks it is connected with the matter in the
bill. It is a restriction on an appropriation to
pay judgments of the Court of Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. It has a remote connec-
tion, I admit, but it proceeds to legislate gen-
erally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Restrictions on
appropriations have always been regarded as
in order, even in the House of Representatives,
where the rules are more stringent than in this
body.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not simply a
restriction of an appropriation.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall not of course pre-
tend to discuss the merits of this proposition.
Notwithstanding what has been said I cannot
think it possible that the Senate will consider
this germane to the bill, or this amendment in
order on the present occasion. I cannot think
it possible that a measure which is intended to
place limitations upon a decision of the Su-
. preme Court, or rather to reverse a decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, is
a proper amendment or can in any manner be
considered as a restriction on an appropriation
bill.
If this question, though, is to be discussed
generally, I shall have something to say upon
it; but 1 do not think that a measure of this
kind ought to be urged upon the attention of
the Senate at the present time. It is so utterly
foreign to anything contained in the appropria-
tion bill that I cannot think of discussing it as
it should be discussed, and entering at length
into the legal questions that are involved—
questions of national law, and all those ques-
tions that have entered into the discussion of
southern claims, on the present occasion.
There are many objects that the mover of
this amendment wishes to attain that 1 think
perfectly right and legitimate; and perhaps
restrictions ought to be placed upon the pres-
ent laws if they have not been sufficiently
guarded; but I have not had time to study over
