4756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
to the following bill and joint resolution of the
House:
A bill (H. R. No. 572) to amendan act incor-
porating the National Junction railway ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 86) in regard
to the suspension of the sale of certain lands
in California.
The message farther announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 302)
donating condemned ordnance for a soldiers'
monument at Poughkeepsie, New York.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 99) to pay loyal citizens in
States lately in rebellion for services in taking
the United State census of I860; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) for the
relief of Lewis D. Smith.
eollin white veto message.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives, having proceeded in con-
formity with tlie Constitution to reconsider the
bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of Rollin White,
returned by the President of the United States
to the Senate with his objections, and sent by
the Senate to the House of Representatives
•with the message of the President returning
the said bill, ana the proceedings of the Senate
thereon, had
Resolved, That the bill do not pass—two thirds of
the members of the House of Representatives not
voting to pass the same.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 21st
instant, approved and signed the bill (S. No.
462) for the relief of John Somers Smith, on
account of diplomatic services at the city of
San Domingo ; and that he had on this day
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 513) remitting tax erroneously
assessed upon one hundred and fifty gallons
of whisky belonging to J. P. F. Camp, of
Spartanburg, South Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 860) for the relief of John E.
Griffin;
An act (S. No. 327) for the relief of William
H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri;
An act (S. No. 724) for the relief of James
M. Trotter and William H. Dupree;
An act (S. No. 459) to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers of the Army
and Navy;
An act (S. No. 347) forthe relief of J. Allen
Porter *
An act (S. No.-582) for the relief of George
W. Tarleton;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 115) to provide
for the payment of the claim ofMartha A. Estill,
administratrix of the estate of James M. Estill,
deceased, Redick McKee, and Pablo de la
Xob& *
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) conferring
upon the Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear
and determine the claim of William B. Camp-
bell; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit
free of duty certain printed chromos.
LIMITATION OF BEBA.TK OM TAX UILTi.
Mr. SHERMAN. X offer a resolution which
I ask to have acted on, with a view to promote
public business.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved. That the debato on House bill No. 2015,
to reduce taxation, shall after to-day be confined to
delate of not exceeding live minutes by each Sen-
ator on the amendment pending when such debato
arises.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will only say to my col-
league that that will give all day to-day for
general debate, and after that five-minutes de-
bate on tax bills is altogether the most profit-
able, and I think will answer the purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. There is the whole sub-
ject of the tariff in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are approaching the
end of the session, and we must either do this
or sit at nights. 1 give notice that unless this
is done I shall feel it my duty to ask for even-
ing sessions until this bill is disposed of. I
think it is a good deal better to spend the day
here underfive-minutes debate, which is always
most profitable in the Senate and House, and
have every question debated fairly, and allow
each Senator to present bis views pro and con.
Mr. DRAKE. Has such a rule ever been
adopted in the Senate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Practiced upon this ses-
sion.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not object on my
own account, for I do not know tliat I shall
have <a word to say on the bill; but when I
examine it and hear what others say I may
have something to say upon it; but the idea
of limiting discussion to a five-minutes debate
upon a tariff measure as comprehensive as this
is, as well as the tax part of it, does not seem
to me admissible, and certainly not at this stage
of proceeding.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. The tariff part of the bill
does not embrace more than one twentieth of
the articles on the tariff list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thubmas] objects. It requires
unanimous consent, as it proposes to change
tliQ rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will call it up to-mor-
row.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar of resolutions.
duluth iiakbor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 763, postponing ali other business for that
purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 763) granting
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of the harbor at Duluth, Lake
Superior, in that State.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the bill be
reported as amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. This is a grant of land
indirectly to a corporation existing under the
laws of the State of Minnesota. I should like
to be informed by the honorable Senator from
that State what powers and privileges this
company' has, whether the improvement of
this harbor will leave it free to the public, or
whether they have the right to charge tolls for
the use of these channels when they shall have
been improved.
Mr. RAMSEY. I.believe this company is
to construct this harbor for public purposes
alone. The company is organized under the
general incorporation law of Minnesota, and
the articles of association are;
Articles of association of the Minnesota Canal and
Harbor Jm/trovempnt Company.
Articles of association adopted and signed for tho
purpose of forming a corporation under and pur-
suant to the provisions of chapter thirty-four of the
Goneral Statutes oi' the State of Minnesota, relating
to corpoiatious, and of the several acts amendatory
thereot:
First. The eorpoivJiondulyformcd shall bo known
miller the corporation name of "The Minnesota
Canal and Harbor Improvement Company." 'i'he
general nature of the busmen of said corporation is
to construct a ship-canal at some convenient place
through Minnesota point, in the county of St. Louis,
Minnesota, so as to connect the waters of Lake Su-
perior with the bay  <f Huperior, and so as to permit
the passage of propellers and other craft through said
canal, and to dredge and improve the bays of Supe-
rior and St. Louiu, so us to make the same navigable
for laka steamers and other vessels; and to construct
and maintain such necessary piers, wharves, and
landings within said bays as may be deemed neces-
sary for commercial purposes. The prineip-ii place
of business of said corporation is Dulutb, in the said
county of St. Louis.
Second. The time of the commencement of said
corporation is the 8th day of March. A. D. 1870. and
the period of its continuance fifty years, with the
right to extend the same beyond said timo in the
inannei and upon the conditions authorized by law.
Third. Tho capital stock of said corporation is
8500,000, to be paid in from time to time, as may be
required by the board of directors or by-laws of the
company, not exceeding, however, ten percent, upon
the amount of stock subscribed, and thatinstallments
shall not be required oftcner than once in each
month.
Fourth. The highest amount of indebtedness shall
not at any time exceed $500,000.
Fifth. The namesand places of residence of thepcr-
sons forming this association for incorporation are
as follows: William L. Banning, St- Paul; James
Smith, jr., St. Paul; Wiliam Branch,St.Paul; Jacob
H. Stewart, St. Paui; and Robert A. Smith, St. Paul.
Sixth. The names of tho first board of directors of
said corporation are: J. Edgar Thomson, Jay Cooke,
Samuel M. Folton, William L. Banning, James
Smith, jr., William Branch, and Jacoh H. Stewart.
The officers of said company shall be a president,
secretary, and treasurer; and themanagement of the
business of said corporation shall be vested in aboard
of seven directors of said corporation. The direct-
ors of said company to be elected by a vote of the
majority of the stock represented and voted upon at
Such election, to be held on the first Tuesday in
March, A. D. 1871, and annually thereafter.
Seventh. Tho number of shares of the capital stock
of said corporation is five thousand, of §100 each.
Witnessour hands and seals, this 5th day of March,
A. D. 1870.
fb. s.l WILLIAM L. BANNING,
[l.s.J JAMBS SMITH, jr.,
ft,. s.l WILLIAM BltAKCfl,
[b. s.j JACOB H. STEWART,
[l. s.l ROBERT A. SMITH.
State of Minnesota, County of Ramsey:
Before tho undersigned personally came William
L. Banning, James Smith, jr., William Branch, Jaeob
II. Stewart, and Robert A. Smith, and acknowledged
the signing and scaling of the foregoingas their vol-
untary act, for the purposes therein expressed,
[l. 8.1 THEODORE E. PARKER,
JSotary Pubhe, Jianuey county, Minnesota,
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot gather from this
whether this company will have a right to
charge tolls or not.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all. This improve-
ment is in the navigable waters of the United
States. Having no such power conferred upon
them, of course they cannot otherwise exercise
it. The provision is that " the said canal shall
be and remain a public highway, free from toll
or charge of any kind whatever."
Mr. HARLAN. That is in the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the language of the
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to know why the
framers of the bill desire to grant to the com-
pany minerallands, such as coal andiron lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think at this time there
is no discrimination against coal andiron lands.
Lands containing gold and silver are excepted
from the grants; but in our legislation we do
not discriminate against mere coal and iron
lands, they are so universal everywhere; but I
am not aware that there are any in that region
of country of any great significance.
Mr. HARLAN. We do in the general land
laws make a distinction between ordinary agri-
cultural lands and coal lands. Coal lands are
subject to sale at twenty dollars an acre, while
agricultural lands are at §1 25. A departure
from this general system was made in favor pf
railroad companies across the plains, for the
reason that it was supposed those companies
might want to manufacture iron for themselves
and would need the coal in operating their
roads; but these reasons totally fail in the
improvement of a river or harbor. I cannot
see any necessity for relaxing the general laws
on this subject in favor of a harbor company;
and if the honorable Senator would not seriously
object to it, I would move to strike out the
words reserving coal and iron lands for the use
of this company.
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, sir, if the Senator
persists in it, I suppose I had better concede
that than occupy the time of the Senate much
longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
