1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8813
the decision of the Supreme Court; it has not
been before me; and I am not certain that it
is wrong in all particulars. I apprehend that
the Supreme Court did not come to a conclu-
sion of that kind without some good reason for
that conclusion. It is not manifest to my mind
that after having considered the question, the
Court of Claims as well as the Supreme Court
having reviewed their decision, made a decis-
ion directly in the face of the law. I am not
prepared to receive any such statement until I
have carefully examined the subject. I do not
propose to discuss the question, because I con-
sider the amendment totally irrelevant to the
bill and entirely out of order.
Mr. COLE. If there is any propriety in
this amendment it comes from the fact that an
appropriation is contained in the bill to pay
judgments of the Court of Claims, aud this is,
if at all, applicable as an amendment to that
provision of the bill. I suppose the Senator
from Tennessee cannot have overlooked the
fact that there is such a provision in the bill
and that this is a continuance of the law bear-
ing on that subject.
Mr. FOWLER. Does this amendment limit
the appropriation in the bill?
Mr. COLE. There is an appropriation of
$100,000 in the bill to pay judgments of the
Court of Claims. This restricts the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims to some extent and
governs their action.
Mr. FOWLER. Not in reference to cases
already decided.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order, this being the alternate'day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 do not propose to obtrude
upon the Senate any remarks at length upon
this question ; but it seems to me the point is
precisely this: whether after the amnesty oath
was taken by a rebel be stood in any different
relation to the Government of the United States
than he did before. He took the amnesty oath,
according to the terms of the proclamation of
the 8th of December, 1863: and if that meant
anything it meant that thereafter his property
was not liable to seizure, as it would have been
before that period. That is the way it seems
to me. But I want to refer before this subject
is dropped to a remark which was made by the
Senator from Texas; a remark of a kindred
character to those which he has frequently made
here; and that is that no loyal man in the
South owned a bale of cotton after 1802. That
Senator has frequently taken occasion to say
that no loyal man did this or did that, no loyal
man wanted this or wanted that, when it hap-
pened to disagree with the opinions of that
Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. T rill the Sen-
ator allow me to correct him ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. T have stated
on this occasion and before, what was a rule.
There are exceptions to all rules ; but I stated
that, as a rule, loyal men sold their cotton.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator may be a
judge of what the loyal men in Texas wanted
of what the loyal men in Texas want now ; of
what loyal men in Texas did in 1862, and
what the loyal men in Texas do in 1870;
but let me say to the Senator that I am better
acquainted with the Atlantic coast of the south-
ern States than he is, and that whatever may
be the sentiments of loyal men in Texas, or in
Louisiana, or in Mississippi, the sentiments
of loyal men in South Carolina and in North
Carolina and in other States are diverse. Per-
haps all the loyal men in Texas agree upon all
the details of party policy. They do not in
the State which I have the honor in part to
represent here.
With regard to the statement that loyal men
did not have any cotton when the war was over
is South Carolina or in Georgia, the fact is
quite the reverse; for I believe the fact is that
while the rebels had got all the cotton they
could out of the confederacy, or had largely
invested the proceeds in confederate bonds,
the men who were loyal, and who meant at
some time to pay obligations that they owed
to men in other parts of the country, had put
their money in cotton as the best thing with
.which to pay those debts, or the best thing
upon which they could rely for support after
the war was over. There were two bales of
cotton belonging to loyalists seized in the city
of Charleston by the United States troops that
belonged to men who prayed every night for
the success of the Union to one that belonged
to men who were disloyal; and the singular
thing took place that the Government of the
United States seized the cotton, and scarcely
anything else, as captured property in that
city.
While one man invested his property in
tobacco or in sugar or in some other product,
and it was perfectly safe from the hand of the
United States military forces, the man who was
unfortunate enough to have invested in cotton
for the same purpose precisely, to live upon
and to pay his debts, had it taken from him,
and its proceeds had to be sought in the Court
of Claims.
There were a great many people in the South
whose connection with the rebellion was like
that of the gentleman whose case has been
cited by the Senator from Missouri, a purely
technical one, and not a substantial one, and
where they had no desire that the cause of the
rebellion should succeed, and had done noth-
ing to make it succeed. There were a great
many such cases, and they will all be cut off
by this amendment.
But I do not wish to encroach upon the
attention of the Senate on this matter except
to repeat that that amnesty oath was meant to
place the man who took it on a different plat-
form after he had taken it from that on which
he stood before he took it; and if it meant any-
thing it meant that the property in the posses-
sion of which he was at the time he took it
should certainly not thereafter be taken from
him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, there
is nothing which more favorably commends
itself to the humane feelings of a man than
that generosity and magnanimity which a con-
queror can show to the conquered. There is
nothing which ought to create greater surprise
or awaken a stronger pity than the exhibition
of the contrary feeling under like circumstances.
I do not wish and do not intend to reflect per-
sonally upon any member of this body ; but the
Senator from Texas, who has the same right
that every member has to free speech upon this
floor, has on several occasions indulged in the
manifestation of very bitter feeling against the
people whom he professes to represent. At
one time, if I mistake not, he denounced them
as cut-throats and robbers, or words to that
effect. I know he said that the knife ought to
be put to their throats and the club to their
heads, or words to that effect; and on the
present occasion he certainly has manifested
no disposition of kindness to a fallen foe.
Now, sir, I do not know, but I should like
to know what injury that people, his neighbors
and friends, ever did to that honorable Sen-
ator. I should like to know if he did not
reside in Texas before and during and since
the war; whether he did not take an oath of
fideli ty to the confederate government; whether
he was not allowed to live in quiet and peace
undisturbed throughout the whole of that war
by the confederate government and by his
neighbors; whether he was not allowed to pur-
sue his business, whatever it was, unmolested,
to increase his fortune; and if they did any
acts of unkindness to him, I should like to be
informed of them, for I am sure, but not from
any information that I have on that subject,
that the utterances of the Senator in reference
to those who are his neighbors, those whom he
professes to represent, would not be expected
by some of those who have understood the
kindness with which he was treated.
But, sir, I leave that matter. I mean no
unkindness to the Senator by this personal
allusion. I think the exhibition of feelings of
the kind which the Senator has exhibited on
this occasion does not evidence that spirit of
magnanimity and generosity which we should
have expectcd under the circumstances, and
especially from him.
Mr. President, can it be possible that my
honorable friend, my esteemed friend, the Sen-
ator Irom Missouri, was serious in making this
proposition to the Senate of the United States?
Is it possible that he, with his great legal learn-
ing and keen perception of the law, can believe
that the Congress of the United States have a
right to enact this amendment proposed to the
appropriation bill? Why, sir, what does it
propose?
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether general or special, by procla-
mation or otherwise, noranyacceptaneeof suchpar-
don or amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act per-
formed in pursuance or as a condition thereof, shall
be admissible in evidence on the part of any claimant
in the Court of Claims as evidence in support of any
claim against the Dnited States, or to establish the
standing of any claimant in said court, or bis right
to bring or maintain suit therein; nor shall any such
pardon, amnesty, acceptance, oath, or other act as
aforesaid, heretofore offered or put in evidence on
behalt of any claimant in said court, be used or con-
sidered by said court, or by the appellate court on
appeal from said court, in deciding upon the claim
of said claimant or any appeal therefrom, as any part
of the proot to sustain the claim of the claimant or
to entitle him to maintain his action in said Court
of Claims, or an appeal therefrom.
By the Constitution of the United States the
President is invested with the power to grant
pardons and reprieves. The right to grant a
pardon is a constitutional right vested in the
President of the United States. The pardon
and reprieve contemplated by that instrument
was such a pardon and reprieve as was known
to the law at the time the grant of this power
was given to the President in the Constitution.
It had certain incidents. It had certain effects.
What were those effects? The constitutional
pardon there vested in the President was a
pardon having the quality of wiping out any
stain; in other words, of making the man a
new man ; so that to have called a man, after
he had been pardoned, a traitor was action-
able at law, and damages could be recovered
in a court of justice. This is the kind of par-
don that your Constitution tested in the Presi-
dent, a pardon having that power. Now, the
effect of the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri would be that tho Constitution could
not be pleaded, because when you plead a con-
stitutional pardon you plead in effect the Con-
stitution ; and you propose to provide by an
act of Congress that it shall not be pleaded or
given in evidence.
Mr. DRAKE. My friend from Delaware is
too good a lawyer not to recognize the mistake
he has fallen into. He will recognize it the
moment I mention it to him. This amendment
does not propose in any way whatever to pass
upon the intrinsic effect of a pardon or amnesty;
but simply lays down a rule of evidence for
the Court of Claims. The question is, who may
maintain a suit in the Court of Claims against
the United States? This amendment simply
says that a pardon or amnesty shall not be evi-
dence in that court of a right to maintain an
action there.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit to my honor-
able friend that that does not meet my objec-
tion at all. The effect of it is to say that a
man shall not avail himself of the Constitution
of his country and plead it or give it in evi-
dence to establish his right to maintain a suit,
or for any other purpose. Although he is as
clean as the driven snow, and although you
would be liable to damages in a court of justice
for calling such a man as that a t.raitor, yet
the rule of evidence here proposed is that that
shall not be allowed to be pleaded or offered
in evidence by him or accepted in evidence to
