1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
if he would sign this application to have his
disabilities removed thay would be removed
in five or ten days, and then he could take his
seat ? Now, what was the effect of his signing
the application? General Terry decided that
any person who had signed a paper asking that
his disabilities be removed thereby acknowl-
edged that he was obnoxious to the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment, and could
not take a seat in the Legislature. This device
was resorted to for the purpose of hindering
this man from taking his seat in the Legisla-
ture ; and I am reminded by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] that they installed
in the place of this very person thus excluded
the individual who received a less number of
votes than he did.
I will mention another ease. There is now
seated in the Legislature as one of the minor-
ity candidates, as the papers show, a gentle-
man by the name of Dunning, who hails from
Atlanta—James L. Dunning, postmaster at At-
lanta. He was not elected by a majority ; his
name does not appear in General Meade's
proclamation of June 25, 1868. What busi-
ness has he there? The law said that the per-
sons proclaimed elected by General Meade's
proclamation were to convene as the Legisla-
ture ; but here is a Mr. Dunning whose name is
not among those who weredeelared elected by
his proclamation, and yet he was seated in the
place of Mr. Winn, who was declared ineligible
by the military. At the same time that he thus
holds a seat in the Georgia Legislature he is
the postmaster at Atlanta, under a commission
from the President of the United States, hold-
ing these two positions at the same time.' Now,
what does the Georgia constitution sav about
that '?
"No person holding a military commission, or
any other appointment or office having any emolu-
ment or compensation annexed thereto, under this
St:ite or the United States, or either of thom, ex-
cept justices ot'the peace and officers of the militia,
nor any defaulter for public money or for any legal
taxes required of him, shall have a seat in either
House."
There is the constitution of Georgia, that no
man holding an-office, with these exceptions,
(and this Mr. Dunning is not within the ex-
ceptions,) shall have a seat in the Georgia Le-
gislature ; and yet this Mr. Dunning, never
elected, not in Meade's proclamation, holding
the office of postmasterunderthis Government,
takes his seat in the Georgia Legislature! These
papers are full of cases of this character. AVhen
some minority candidates appeared who were
not acceptable they were not admitted to seats.
It was only certain minority candidates that
were admitted, and others were excluded.
Now, in regard to this admitting of minority
candidates there is no authority for it, and it
was made one of the objections to the organ-
ization of 1868 that the Legislature then, after
turning the colored men out, admitted the men
who had the next highest number of votes. At
that time the Governor of the State appeared
before the Judiciary'Committee and urged as
an objection to the organization of the State
Legislature in 1868 that it had illegally admit-
ted minority members. Now the '' boot is upon
the other leg," and it is well enough to admit
minority members.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question, with his per-
mission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BOREMAN. There is nothing in any
of these documents that shows how many mi nor-
ity candidates were admitted. Can the chair-
man of the committee state that fact ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Therewere some twenty
persons or more who were excluded from the
Legislature. The minority candidates have not
been admitted to fill all those vacancies. I
think about ten have been admitted, though I
am not sure that the papers state the precise
number.
Mr. BOREMAN. Was that under the re-
cent organization?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont who prepared the report which has been
submitted to the Senate tells me that nine mi-
nority members were admitted, as was acknowl-
edged before the committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. In the recent organ-
ization?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir ; in the recent
organization. I ought further to state to the
Senator from West Virginia, in order that there
may be no misapprehension about this matter,
that the Senator from Vermont tells me that
nine of those minority candidates were admit-
ted on the first day. How many were admitted
afterward did not appear before the com-
mittee. There may have been some others
admitted since. .
It is not insisted by those who urged the
admission of these minority candidates that
there is anything in the Constitution or laws
of the State that warrants it. Governor Bul-
lock, in the statement which he laid before the
committee, which has been published and laid
on the tables of Senators, does not claim that
the minority candidates are entitled to seats
under the laws or constitution of Georgia; but
he insists that under the general rule of parlia-
mentary law where votes are cast for a person
who is ineligible those votes are not to be
counted, and that the eligible person receiving
the highest number of votes is to be declared
elected.
This rule, if correct, in any case could only
be applied in a case where the ineligible person
was obviously so, and known to be so to the
voter at the time ; for instance, suppose that
the voter should cast his vote for a female, or
for a child, knowing them to be ineligible. It
is possible it might be said that he intended to
throw away his vote ; but this cannot apply
here, and for this reason, as the Senate will
see: the persons who were declared to be in-
eligible are so declared in consequence of their
coming within the third section ot the fourteenth
amendment; that involves an inquiry of fact.
It could not be known certainly by the voters
whether the party was ineligible or not. And
again, Congress might remove the ineligibility.
There are sitting in the Legislature of Georgia
to-day quite a number of persons from whom
political disabilities were removed after they
were elected. Now, if the votes that were cast
for them were void they were void when they
were cast, and the removal of political disabil-
ities afterward could not make them valid.
Congress has, I think, in all States removed
the political disabilities of men after they were
elected, in order that they might take their
seats in the Legislature. If that be so the
vote is not to be thrown away ; because it may
have been east with the expectation that the
political disabilities would be removed. If
thrown away in one ease it must be in all, be-
cause the right to count the vote is to be tested
at the time it was cast, and not in reference to
subsequent events. The Attorney General of
the United States states very clearly the rule
upon this subjeGt. His opinion was asked in
regard to it, and here is what he says :
"I think that the admission of a person receiving
the nest highest number of votes to a scat on the
ground that the person receiving the highest number
is ineligible should only apply to cases where the
latter was absolutely and dearly ineligible at the
time of the election, so that thevoter is presumed to
have intended to throw away or trifle with his vote;
as if, for examplo, he had voted lor a woman when
only men were competent to hold the office; but has
no application to the case where the person receiving
the highest number of votes fails to qualify alter
the election, as by refusing or neglecting to take a
required official oath"—
This case exactly—
"or where his disabilities might be removed by Con-
gress. Tho voter may vote for a man who may be
qualified without subjecting himself to the conse-
quence of having his vote disregarded."
General Terry was of the same opinion, as
I understand, and opposed to giving the mi-
nority candidates seats in the Legislature ; but
General Terry's opinion was only good when
it favored certain men in the organization of
the Legislature. General Terry's opinion was
good enough when he refused to allow the
members to organize as the law directed, and
when he by military authority ruled out various
members;but General Terry's opinion was of
little value, and no military power was used'to
enforce it when the minority members were to
be seated ; that question was to be left to the
two houses to decide, and. they did decide it
by seating the minority members without regard
to General Terry's opinion.
But, sir, notwithstanding all these irregular-
ities—I have not stated half of them—notwith-
standingthisimproperinterference by the Gov-
ernor of Georgia and by the military authori-
ties with the organization of that Legislature ;
notwithstanding it has to day numbers of mem-
bers in it who have no right to be there ;
notwithstanding all that, the Judiciary Com-
mittee, to whom this subject was referred to
inquire whether any additional legislation was
necessary to properly organize the Legislature
of Georgia, have made a report that they are
not prepared to recommend any further legis-
lation on the subject.
How Game we to arrive at that conclusion ?
Because, on the whole, we believed it would
be better for the peace and quiet of Georgia
to overlook all these irregularities and let the
Legislature stand as it was organized, rather
than go over the whole subject again. After
all, General Terry, although he had no author-
ity to interfere, yet, so far as he did interfere
to exclude members, it was the opinion of the
committee that he excluded none who were
properly entitled to be members; and although
the committee do not think these minority men
are entitled to seats, and although clearly some
others are not entitled to seats who have been
admitted, yet we came to the conclusion after
hearing both parties to this controversy that
it would be better to acquiesce in what had
been done, if there could beanendof thestrife,
and Georgia could be restored to its relations in
the Union. Onereason why we came to that con-
clusion was in consequence of the statements
that were made to us by those gentlemen who
represented themembers of the Legislature, who
objected to the illegal manner in which it had
been organized. I may say here in reference
to one of those gentlemen who appeared be-
fore us, Mr. Caldwell, that he impressed the
committee very favorably by his candor and
the fairness of his statements. I desire now
to read to the Senate what Mr. Caldwell said
on this subject:
"In reply to the questions generally which you
have put to mo, I will state that I express the views
of nearly the entire delegation when I say that all
wo desire, all we ask for, is a stable, good govern-
ment for the State of Georgia. _ We have only asked
for a remedy for existing evils: a redress ot tae
wrongs of which we have complained. We are will-
ing for Congress to apply the remedy, to point out
the mode of redress, and to save our State from ca-
lamity which will inevitably befall it it Governor
Bullock's policy is carried out. We do not ask for
a reorganization of the present Legislature unless
Congress chooses to relieve us in that way. >V e care
hut little for the irregularities of the Present organ-
ization, and arc willing for it to stand if (governor
Bullock may not bo allowed to carry out Ins ruinous
designs. If you suffer everything that preceded the
'act to promote reconstruction' to be ripped up, anil
official terms to be extended as the Governor pro-
poses, it will throw us into inextricable.confusion,
and perhaps involve us in financial rum. It you
recognize the validity of the Legislature piior to the
expulsion of the colored members, let all the ac^ ot
the body up to that timo stand; admit tho present
Senators-elect, and confine the official terms witam
the limits prescribed by the ordinanco of the con-
vention and the constitution, we arecontent, tiiougn
we are confident that some members are excluded
who are justly entitled to their seats. I am as anx-
ious for peace, quiet, and good government as i~
Judge Gibson"—
To whom he was then replying.
"I have labored four yearaibrreconBtruotiOD, nnjJ
during much of that time he was violently opposeu
to tho reconstruction acts of Congress.
It was in accordance with such suggestions
as these that your committee came c< '
elusion that on the whole it would be bettei o
recognize this legislature, organi
than to throw the whole thing open and. U t
another controversy in that Stau, ana i
