1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 14,
peace of the community disturbed, perhaps,
for two or three years longer. But, sir, it
seems that those -who have control of the
organization in Georgia are not satisfied with
this. Task in all candor of Senators, is it not
bad enough to recognize such a Legislature as
that? But now what more do you suppose
they ask? They ask not only that this Legis-
latujre thus organized shall b® recognized, but
that it shall be perpetuated for two years be-
yond the term for which it was elected. They
ask that, not ia accordance with their own
constitution and laws—they do not allow it
but they ask it at your hands, and they insist
that you shall so legislate as to perpetuate the
power of this Legislature two years beyond
the time for which it was elected, and to per-
petuate the power of the Governor two years
beyond the time for which he was elected.
Why, ski what was known throughout this
country as the Lecompton swindle was not more
iniquitous, when an attempt was made to force it
upon the people of Kansas, than would be an
act of the Congress of theUnited States which
should force the people of Georgia to submit
for two years to a government set up by a
minority and held against tho will of the peo-
ple. That was the attempt which was made in
Kansas. The attempt was to set up there a con-
stitutionin the interest of slavery and hold itup
by the power of the national Governmentwhen a
majority of the people of Kansas were opposed
to it. If we now perpetuate this Legislature in
Georgia we ghall be guilty of a like unjust and
cruel act. Can this pretension of the Legis-
lature for holding on two years longer find
any support in the constitution of Georgia?
I ought, however, before proceeding to show
what tho constitution of Georgia does provide,
to state that Congress and the country have
been notified that the Legislature of Georgia as
at present organized and its Executive intend
to prolong their terms of office two years. The
Governor of the State has been before us and
boldly argued in favor of continuing in power
the Legislature and himself for two years be-
yond the terms for which they were elected;
and we have the official act of the Legislature
to the same effect. This Legislature, elected
in April, 18C8, has not only elected Senators
to fill the vacancies from the State now exist-
ing, but it has gone on and elected a third Sen-
ator whose term of office does not commence
till March 4, 1871. This Legislature as now
organized has proceeded to elect a Senator
whose term of office will not commence until
the 4th of March, 1871, thus ignoring any
Legislature to be elected this fall as the con-
stitution of Georgia requires, declaring by
this official act of theirs that they are the
last Legislature which is to conveno prior to
Maroh, 1871. And yet by the constitution of
Georgia a Legislature is to convene before
that time, to be elected next fall, and if the
power of the present Legislature can be per-
petuated until the 4th ot March, 1871, it can
be perpetuated until the 4th of March, 1H01,
or any other 4th of March.
Tho ordinance adopted by the convention
which formed this constitution for Georgia is
very distinct as to when the term of office of
these persons commenced. I read from "An
ordinance to provide for the election of civil
officers" adopted in 1808:
''Ami le it further ordained, That the regulations
established by Congress for voting upon tho ratifi-
cation of tho constitution, aad for voting at elec-
tions undortho provisional government, shall apply
to tho election of officers as aforesaid; and tho per-
sons so selected or appointed shall enter upon the
duties oftho several offices to which they have been
respectively eleeted when authorized so to do by
acts of Congress or by tho order of the general com-
manding."
When, I ask Senators, ar§ they to enter upon
the discharge of their duties? "When author-
ized so to do by acts of Congress or by the
order of the general commanding." General
Meade, then commanding tha district, on the
2'2d of July, 1868, withdrew the military power
and turned the conduct of affairs in Georgia
over, to the civil officers elected in April_ pre-
ceding. T-Jiey have been in office ever s.i'nce.
The Legislature was in session for more'thaa
two months before the colored men were
expelled. All the judges of their courts, their
State officers, the Governor of the State have
been in office ever since the day that General
Meade withdrew the military authority an4
reported to the General of the Army here a,t
Washington, 'ten. General Grant, that the
Legislature of Georgia had organized in accord-
ance with the reconstruction laws. The mili-
tary district of Georgia was abolished, and the
officers .elected in April, 1868, entered upon
the discharge of their duties. They were to
enter upon their terms of office " when author-
ized so to do either by act of Congress or by
the orders of the general commanding." I
think Congress authorised it by the act of June
25, 1808, wl)ic}i declared the State entitled to
representation when it did certain acts, just as
it did Arkansas and Louisiana when they rati-
fied the fourteenth amendment. But whether
it was done by act of Congress, or not, there
can be no escape from the fact that it was
authorized by tho general commanding. Now,
how long are these officers to continue in office ?
Let the ordinance answer,:
"And shall continue in office till the regular suc-
cession provided for after tho year 1888; and until
sucoessors are eloctod and qualified; so that said
officers shall oach of them hold their offices as though
they were olected on tho Tuesday after the first Mon-
day in November, 1868."
They are to hold their offices just the same
as if "they were elected on the Tuesday after
the first Monday of November, 1808," which
is the regular time fixed by this constitution
for the elections in the State of Georgia. The
constitution provides:
" The election of Governor, members of Congress,
and of the General Assembly, after tho year 1868,
shall commence on tho Tuesday after tho first Mon-
day in November, unless otherwise provided by law."
The first election was to lake place within
sixty days after the adjournment of the con-
vention, and was held in accordance with the
ordinance. Then the elections afterward were
to be " on the Tuesday after- the first Monday
in November." ' Now, how long were these
persons to be elected for'/ -
" II. The members of tha senate shall be eleoted
for four years, except that tho members elected at
the first election from tho tweniy-two senatorial dis-
tricts numbered in this constitution with odd num-
bers shall only hold their offioe for two years. The
mombers of tho house of representatives shall be
elected for two years. The election for members of
the General Assembly shall begin on Tuesday after
the first Monday in November of every second year,
except tho first election, which shall bowithin sixty
days after the adjournment of this convention; but
the General Assembly may by law change the time
of election', and the members shall hold until their
successors are elected and qualified."
Hero is tho constitution providing for bien-
nial elections, just as the Constitution of the
United States provides for electing members
of Congress every two years, So the election
was to bake place in Georgia on tho first Tues-
day after the first Monday in November, every
other year, unless the Legislature should change
tho time of election. How could they change
the time? They could change it from the first
Tuesday after the fir^t Monday to some other
time within the two years, but not beyond it,
eSceptas to thesefirst persons who were elected,
who were to hold a little over two years. The
members of the presentLegislatnre were elected
in April, 1868, and they will undoubtedly hold
their offices until the next Legislature is elected
in November next, something more than two
years, because the constitution has provided
that they should hold until their successors
were elected and qualified, and has mad« a
different provision as to this first election; but
the elections are to be every twpv years.
Now, sir, under thig constitution .can there
be any question that an election is to take place
next Npvember ? Any other construction of it
seems to me to be doing violence to its language
and it wQiild be inconsistent with a republican
form of government.
Then there is no doubt as to what the con-
stitution of Georgia is, no doubt as to what the
ordinance requires, an election next fall; but
it is said that our legislation has prolonged tho
terms of office of these officers in Georgia, and
this proviso that comes to us from the House
of Representatives declares-^
"That nothing in this aofccontained shall be con-
strued to vacate any of the offices now filled in the
State of Georgia, either by the election of the peoplo
or by the appointment of the Governor thereof, by
and with the adviao and consent of the Senate of
said Stateneither shall this act be construed to
extend the official term of any officer of said State,"
This is what we propose to do. It is con-
tended on the part of those who insist that this
Legislature should be perpetuated that in con-
sequence of the legislation of Congress the term
of office for which the State senators and rep-
resentatives and the Govern or were elected does
not begin to run until the final act declaring
the State entitled to representation is passed.
Why, sir, could anything be more preposterous
than for the officers to claim that their terms
of office do not commence till Congress de-
clares the State entitled to representation when
the ordinance declares that the officers^ shall
enter upon the discharge of their duties in the
same manner after the first election as if that
first election had taken place at the regular
period fixed by the constitution ?
All that is proposed to be done by this pro-
viso is to prevent the Legislature of Georgia
and the Executive, those now in authority, from
giving a misconstruction to our acts. Clearly
under their own constitution and ordinance
their terms of service began to run from the time
they entered upon the discharge of the duties of
their respective offices; and I am quite sure that
Congress never intendedto prolong those terms
by any action which it has taken. And hence,
Mr. President, the Judiciary Committee were
in favor of retaining this proviso which I have
just read, that there may be no such miscon-
struction of the constitution of Georgia and of
our action. It was the ground upon which
those who alleged that the Legislature was not
now legally organized under your recent act
consented to let the Legislature stand as it is
and not ask to have the present organization
set aside.
And why should there not be an election next
fall? The State of Georgia is completely in the
hands of the men who have organized this
Legislature. Bullock is Governor. The Legis-
lature is organized in his interest. Enough men
have been turned out and enough minority men
put in to give him the absolute control of the
Legislature. Why, then, not have an election
this fall? Why, it is said that the State would
be overrun by violent men, by the Kuklux Klan
or some other organization ; that there will be
no safety in Georgia. "Why no safety ? Have
you not got full control of the Legislature of
that State? Is not the Governor armed with
authority under the Constitution of the United
States to call* on the President for troops if
necessary to preserve the peace there, and have
we not a man in the presidential chair who
will respond to that call?
Is not the whole'powerof the United States
behind the Governor of Georgia to uphold his
arms and see that the peace of that State is
maintained ? The Legislature is in his interest.
Let the Legislature of Georgia call upon the
Federal Government for assistance to maintain
the authority of that State and she will get it;
and let the Governor when the Legislature is
not in session ask for military aid to protect
the State against domestic violence, and he
will be certain to have all he wants.
Why, then, not have an election this fall ?
What is the danger in it? Why, sir, those who
wish to perpetuate their power, who wish to
rule for two years longer than the" period for
which they havebeen elected, will tell you thera
is great danger; and, sir, we see in the news-
papers here already accounts of alarm in
Georgia.
I do not know, Mr. President, that the news-
paper telegraphic reports of terror at the pas
