2872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
he called on Heaven to witness that here was
a lawful and peaceable election, and then under
his oath voted that it was not a lawful election,
and then assured the House that it was a law-
ful election 1 I think this committee will hold
this resolution until we see what this House
in the infinitude of its wisdom and the immac-
ulate perfection of its judgment shall do on
the other cases.
I now call the previous question on my
rootioa to refer.
1 Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution
he laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 83, noes 35.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
patent and copyright laws. /
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, and the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 1714) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights, reported from the
Committee on Patents. The question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Cleveland] to strike out section seventy,
which will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all patents hereafter granted there shall be
Paid the following additional fees, namely: at or
«eiore the expiration of the term of seven years
«rom the date of the patent the sum of twenty-five
dollars, and at or before the expiration of the term
ol twelve years from the date of the patent the fur-
ther sum of fifty dollars, and in default of the pay-
ment of either of the sums aforesaid, within the
Periods aforesaid, the said patent shall be forfeited,
 nd the invention so patented become public prop-
erty.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman who
ha8 charge of this bill desire the question shall
now be put upon the amendment which has
just been read ?
Mr. STEVENS. I propose that the vote
upon the amendments be reserved until after
the previous question has been seconded. J
now yield to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
outin section four, lines eighteen and nineteen,
the words ''twenty-five hundred" and inserting
eighteen hundred," so as to provide that the
salary of the librarian of the Patent Office
shall be $1,800, as now fixed by law, instead
$2,500, as. proposed in the bill. • There
are in this section several provisions increas-
ing salaries tp which I feel compelled to call
the attention of th9 House. This bill, the
main features of which I like very much, pro-
poses the same corps of officers provided for
in the legislative appropriation bill, which
has already been passed by the Honse. In
that bill we fixed the salaries of those officers.
1 Propose .that the salaries provided for in
the present bill shall correspond with those
already fixed in the appropriation bilL The
organization and compensation of this oorps
ot officers, as already sanctioned by the House,
are in accordance with the proposition made
Jo the Committee on Appropriations by the
Commissioner himself. In other words, the
amendments I propose to offer to this bill will
make this corps of officers and their compen-
sation conform to the recommendation of the
Commissioner of Patents, as submitted to our
committee.
When the legislative appropriation bill was
before the House I had occasion to remark that
the Commissioner of Patents had cooperated
with the Committee on Appropriations in an
enort to reduce the expenditures of this bureau
to the extent of $30,000. Notwithstanding the
bureau is more than self-sustaining^ in other
words, receives and puts into the Treasury
annually one or two hundred thousand dollars
p °re than it takes out, the Commissioner of
* aten ts informed the Committee on Appropriar
tions that if he could be permitted to rearrange
and reorganize his bureau himself he would
save the Government more than $30,000 in the
annual expenses; ana would, in his opinion,
e°utribute very much to the efficiency of the
bureau. Ik was all his work. The compensa-
tion there fixed was the compensation fixed by
him in conformity to law.
Unless I have some evidence that the effi-
ciency of the service will suffer I canuot myself
consent to this raising of salaries. I take this
one as a test. Here is a proposition to raise
the salary of the librarian of the Patent Office.
I know no duty imposed on him additional to
that imposed on him for the last five years.
While I should like to see every officer paid as
well as he ought to be, and, if the condition of
the Treasury would permit, liberal salaries, if
the House of Representatives shall be induced
to raise the salary of the librarian of the Patent
Office $700 there is an end to all effort to keep
down the salaries of other officers. If this
salary be raised, every other man will come here
and ask that his salary shall also be raised.
As efficient officers in other bureaus who are
as poorly paid will come here and ask that
their salaries shall be increased alongside with
the librarian. There will be no end to it, and
we will go down before the country because
we have gone into a general system of raising
salaries. I hope the House will sustain the
Commissioner of Patents, as well as the Com-
mittee on Patents, to keep the salary where it
is, at $1,800. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. JENCKES. Has the hour of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish now to have the
floor in my own right. I rise to close debate.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman rises to
close debate he had better call the previous
question; for unless he does, if he occupies
the floor, the morning hour will expire before
his hour is up and the bill will go over until
n6xt<
Mr. JENCKES. If there be no other
amendment to be offered I will call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes, j
Mr. STEVENS. It was the understanding
that the amendments should be reserved, to be
voted on together.
Mr. DAWES. I think the House should
pass separately on these amendments in refer-
ence to salaries. I should like to have them
disposed of as we go along.
The question recurred on Mr. ©AWfes's
amendment, and there were—ayes 48, noes
22; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
jenckfca.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to make some
remarks in reply to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I retain the floor, and yield
to the gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I desire the
House to understand distinctly this provision
of the bill proposes to increase the salaries of
one class of officers and an individual in the
Patent Office. The class of officers whose
salaries are proposed to be increased are the
first assistant examiners. The salaries are
now as follows; principal examiners, $3,500;
first assistant examiners, $1,800; and second
assistant examiners, $1,600. It is proposed
to increase the salary of the first assistant
examiners to $2,000, so as to have a more
proportional gradation between these three
officers. In consequence of the low salary of
the first assistant examiner now, as soon as a
man gets fit for the place, educated for it, he
looks round to see what he can do better out-
side of the office, and it is not long before he
gets a better place. The effect of the increase
will be that ho will look to be promoted to
principal examiner in time. If he has a sal-
ary of $2,000 he will be more willing to stay
there. From the grade of first assistant ex-
aminers come those who are to be principal
examiners, and unless an inducement is held
out to stay there and be educated up to the
standard of a principal examiner the efficiency
of the office will be decreased. The effect of
the amendment is to strengthen this Patent
Office in this portion of its stafF of officers, it
only adds to the expense of the office $4,400
a year.
In regard to the examiner in charge of the
interferences, it increases his salary $500. in
addition to the skill required for this position,
he is also required to be versed in the law to
decide these cases ; for these are almost all—I
may say all, in fact—litigated cases ; and his
business is to collate and prepare the evidence,
and present a report for the decision of the
Commissioner. It therefore seemed fair, in
order to get the proper grade of talent in this
office, to increase the salary to a point which
would obtain the services of a competent law-
yer as well as a competent mechanician and
chemist.
As regards the librarian, his case seems
to me more meritorious even than the other.
The gentleman asks if he has greater duties
than in previous years. He has this great
additional duty which I wish the House to
understand; he has to become acquainted
with all the scientific works published in all
parts of the world ; he must be master of all
modern languages; he must know the pro-
gress of inventions everywhere and the works
which describe them, and be able to select from
all the books published those most useful for
the library. The Commissioner cannot do it.
This is a matter in charge of the librarian,
and of him alone ; and I say that it requires
a man of great skill and judgment to discharge
such a duty—such a man as it is not fair to
class with a fourth-class clerk. The gentle-
man now in charge of the library, which is
the best scientific library in the world, has to
eke out his subsistence by getting fees for trans-
acting business in the office, looking up cases,
and giving his services to individuals. We
think that we ought to have his whole services
for the public; and if he has this increase we
can secure them.
The whole amount of this increase of sala-
ries of officers is but $5,600. The proposition
does not interfere with tho salaries of officers
of corresponding grades in other Departments.
It will not disturb the harmony of any other
Department, and it adds to the harmony and
symmetry of this Department. And with
increased efficiency in the Department there
will be increased fees, and I have no doubt the
office will receive ten times as much as will
pay for this increase of salaries. I trust that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not prevail.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the House to adopt a
principle in reference to this matter. I know
that with reference to any efficient officer it is
easy to argue forcibly before the House that
his ability and efficiency entitle him to higher
pay. But I want the House to understand with
reference to this officer 
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I would say that that is
not my argument. What I contend is thatyou
cannot get a competent man for this position
for a less salary than that proposed in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I want the House to under-
stand two things. The first is that my amend-
ment brings the matter to where it is by law
now. The otherthing which I wish the House
to understand is that the Commissioner of
Patents came before the Committee on Appro-
priations when they were making appropria-
tions for this office and fixed his corps and
their compensation to suit himself; and he
never indicated any necessity for what is now
proposed. Under those circumstances 
Mr. JENCKES. I do not think the gentle-
man's argument is quite fair. The Commis-
sioner of Patents could not bring the question
of the reorganization of his Department before
the Committee on Appropriations. But before
the CommitWw «n Patents, which had the sub-
