1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to close the debate, and %vlio it was supposed
would speak until the vote was taken—at least
it was the understanding that he was to have
until that time to speak, and therefore nobody
else would speak—my calleague saw fit to ad-
dress the Senate. I regret exceedingly that
he did not wait until I came in. If there was
anything in my remarks that entitled him to
take exception to them he could at any time
have asked the Senate, as a privileged ques-
tion, to hear him ; and he could have selected
a time when 1 was in my seat.
But, sir, waiving that, let us come to what
it is in my colleague's remarks to which I take
exception. He said :
"X wish to call attention to one or two facts that
occurred in my absence the other nigat, which I do
not think were either courteous or proper.
"It will bo remembered that on the niglitof the
night session last Fiiday I offered as an amendment
two sections now composing a part of the bill. It
was a carefully prepared amendment, prepared by
the committee ot the House of Kepresontiitivi s and
submitted for the prevention of frauds in the eit.y of
New York. That wag the sole purpose. At a later
hour as it appro ached midnight I became very unwell,
so unwell thatl could scarcely remain here. That
fact was known to Senators all around me. I went
to my colleague and to the Senator who had the bill
in charge, and an arrangement was made with their
consent before I left the Hall that the vote should
be taken the next day at threo o'clock. Supposing
thatl had got the two high contracting parties, the
Senator on our side who had the bill in charge and
my colleague who was making the chief rumpus
against the bill, I went away contented. A few min-
utes after I left the matter was called up, and tho
Senator from California, [Mr. Cassf.rly.] tho next-
door neighbor and associate of my colleague ohjected
to tho arrangement; and it was defeated. But lor
tho fact that I understood that arrangement was to
be mado. although very unwoll, I should havo re-
mained here. Here I may say that it is a very rare
circumstance for me to be called away by illness from
the sessions of this body. I went awny then ill pur-
suance as I supposed of an arrangement made between
my col league and the Senator from Nevada, but which
was afterward objected to by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
" Not many minutes after I had left, mv colleague
rose to reply to some observations that I had made
briefly in presenting ray amendment, and he alluded
to me in the courso of his remarks by saying that I
had seen fit to absent myself, as if I had run away.
My colleague knew at tho time why 1 went away.
He knew thecondition and the circumstances under
which I went away, and I say that he ought not to
have used this language in regard to his colleague.
Then he went on to quote a remark I made casually
in regard to the Democratic party m the city of New
York."
Hie substance of this is, that I was party to
an agreement that the vote should be taken on
Saturday at three o'clock ; that my colleague
was unwell and I knew it; that he left in pur-
suance of that agreement, and I knew that;
and that thus knowing that he had left in pur-
suance of the agreement to which I was a party,
and I knowing that he was unwell, I took ad-
vantage of his absence to charge him with run-
ning away. That is the meaning of this lan-
guage, if it means anything. Now, sir, I deny
it in toto; and I will state the facts as they
really occurred ; and nol only will I state them,
but X will show by the Globe what they were,
and I will show the mistake into which my
colleague has fallen. He says :
"At a later hour as it approached midnight I be-
came very unwell, so unwell that I could scarcely
remain here. That fact was known to Sonatoisall
around me. I wentto my colleague andto tho Sen-
ator who had the bill in charge, and an arrangement
was made with their consent before I left the Hail
that tho vote should be taken the next day at three
o'clock. Supposing that I had got the two high con-
tracting parties," &c.
He left the Hall, and after he left, he says, the
Senator from California objected to the arrange-
ment. Now, sir, was that after midnight?
No, sir. The Globe shows when it was. The
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] was
speaking, and at the request of the Senator
from Maryland [ill*. Vickers] he gave way to
a motion to adjourn. It is thus reported in
the Globe :
"Mr. Fowler. Mr. President 
"Mr. Vickers. If the Senator from Tennessee
will give way, I move that the Sentate adjourn. It
is half past ten o'clock."
That is the time it was, half past ten o'clock.
Well, sir, what then took place? Then fol-
lowed exactly what I will now read to the
Senate:
"Mr. Fowler proceeded to address the Senate.
"When he hnd spoken some time,
" Mr. Stewart. Will the Senator give way for a
moment?
"Mr. J'owlek. Yes, sir.
" Mr. Stewart. Will the Senate consent to take
the voto to-morrow ot threo o'clock ?
"Several Senators. Yes.
"Tho Pkeswung Officer, (Mr. Pomekoy.) The
Senator from Nevada proposes that tho vote on this
question be taken to-mofrrow at three o'clock.
"Mr. Stewart. I should like to have it also
understood that I shall have half an hour in con-
clusion to reply.
" Mr. Hamilton, of Maryland. I suggest that we
dispense with the morning hour and tako tho vote
at two o'clock to-monow, as it is Saturday.
"Mr. Stewart. Very well.
"Mr. Hamilton, of Maryland. And appropriate
tho morning hour to this business.
"Several Senators. Say threo o'clock.
"Mr.Stewart. Iwillmako this proposition: that
we dispense with tho morning business to-morrow.
Commence at once on this bill at twelve o'clock, and
that at half past one I shall have half an hour to
answer anything that may havo been said that I
choose to reply to, and that wo commence voting at
two o'clock; and further, that on new amendments
five minutes may bo allowed to any one who wants
to speak.
" J\Ir. Ka.mhj.v. That seemstoheafairproposition.
I hope it will be accepted.
" Mr. Stewart. Let us commcnce voting at two
o'clock, and on new amendments allow live minutes
for explanation.
" Mr. I'owler. I suggest throe o'clock.
" Mr. Cassi;ely. Mr. President, what is the ques-
tion before the Senate
" The Presiding Officer. Tho Senator from Ne-
vada will state his proposition again.
" Mr. Stewart. The proposition is that we com-
mence with this bill a,t twelve o'clock to-morrow, and
at half past one I have half an hour to conclude tho
debate; that at two o'clock we commence voting, with
the understanding that on a,11 new amendments there
shall be allowed five minutes for explanation to any
one, cither for or against.
"Mr. I'owlef.. I would suggest that instead of two
we voto at thiee.
" The Presiding Officer. Does thoScnator from
Nevada alter the time to three o'clock?
" Several Senators. That is better.
" Mr. Stewart, Then at half past two I shall havo
half an hour, and let tho voting commence at three
o'clock,
" The Presiding Offigkr. If the proposition is
understood tho Chair will ask if thero is any objec-
tion to it.
" Mr. Casserly. I object.
"Mr. Stockton. I object. I move that when the
Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday."
That comes up to the objection of the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Cassbrly.] All
that took place in the same time, it has taken
me to read, in less than five minutes. Now,
the Senate will have seen that I did not say
one word, nor di$ 1 have one word of conver-
sation with the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] on tho subject; not one word passed
between us on the subject of an agreement to
adjourn over to Saturday; but what did take
place ? My colleague was sitting over on yon-
der sofa before this colloquy commenced. I
was passing by and said to him playfully " What
made you so savage to-night?" or something
of that kind. He replied by a laugh and some
humorous remark. I took a seat by him.
After some time he said something about not
feeling very well and that he thought about
going Lome. I said to him then, '• You had
better not go;" to repeat the exact language
that I used to him, although it is rather slang,
said, I •'You had better not go, for Casserly
and I are going for you." I supposed he
understood that perfectly. Just then, just as
that remark was made, the Senator from
Nevada rose and made his proposition. I left
the side of my colleague, came forward toward
where the Senator from Nevada stood, stood
by him in the aisle, intending to second his
proposition, intending to express the hope that
the Senate would agree to it. As I left my
colleague I think something of this kind took
place between us : I may have said to him, '• I
am in favor of that proposition." I think
there was something ot that kind, but that was
all there was of it. I came forward and I
intended to second the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, but it seemed to be acqui-
esced in by everybody, and it was unnecessary
for me to say a word. Everybody seemed to
think it would be a-dopted, when all at once,
andtomyuttersurprise, theSenatorfromCalh
forma [Mr. Casserly] objected to it.
In the remarks submitted by my colleague
he seems to intimate that I had prompted the
Senator from California to object, that he was
sitting right by my side, and my associate.
Why, sir, I was half way across the Senate
Chamber from him when he objected; not a
word had been said on the subject between him
and me. I was in favor of tho proposition of
the Senator from Nevada, and was as much
surprised as anybody when the Senator from
California objected to it. Afterward 1 did my
best, with others, to get him to withdraw the
objection. That is the real state of this case.
1 did not know that my colleague was so un-
well that he was compelled to leave the Senate
Chamber. I had no idea of any such thing.
I had no idea that he left the Senate Chamber
with the impression that the debate was to be
adjourned over to the next day. I had not
the remotest idea of any such thing. I did
not know why he left the Senate Chamber; I
had no reason to know why he had left tho
Senate Chamber except the casual remark that
he did not feel very well and thought about
going home. I would be the last man in the
world to do injustice to any Senator, much less
to my colleague; and if I had known that he
had left the Senate Chamber on account of
illness, I would have said nothing about his
remarks, much as I thought they deserved to
be commented upon.
But, sir, to show how utterly defective my
colleague's memory is, he says that "a few
minutes afterward," that is a few minutes after
he left, I arose and addressed the Senate, com-
menting on his remarks. It was more than
three hours afterward; yes, sir, it was more
than four hours afterward. I did not make
the remarks to which the Senator referred
until between thi-ee and four o'clock in the
morning, and the Globe shows it. He had
been out of this Chamber for four hours. In
the meantime I had addressed the Senate in a
long speech of nearly an hour. I waited again
and again, thinking my colleague would return.
I concluded my remarks without his having
returned and without having said a word about
him, hoping still that he would return; and it
was not until between three and four o'clock
in tho morning, as the Globe shows, that then,
despairing of his returning at all, and not
knowing why he was absent, I felt bound that
the same Globe which contained his remarks
should contain my reply.
The Senator speaks of having left here about
midnight, when, in fact, he left here about half
past ten o'clock. Tie speaks about my reply-
ing to him in a few minutes after he left, when
it was four hours after he left before I said one
word about him or made the slightest allusion
to him.
This, sir, is all of a personal nature that I
deem it necessary to say anything about. As
to the attempt of my colleague to make it ap-
pear that I tried to associate the Democratic
farmers of his county with the repeaters of
New York, it will not do, as I may say in brief;
nobody can read my remarks and put any such
interpretation upon them; nor can anybody
read the remarks of the Senator, my colleague,
and suppose that he limited them to the re-
peaters in the city of New York, He spoke,
and I will read two sentences to show how he
spoke 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rose to make an inquiry,
Mr. President. I wish to ask my friend 
Mr. THUR.MAN. I shall be done in less
than five minutes, if you allow me to go on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rose to a parliamentary
inquiry, so that I should not be obliged to ask
my friend to yield. I only wish to suggest.thafc
if my friend had finished his personal explan-
ation, what is strictly such, I thonght we bad
better go on with the matter in hand.
Mr. TH UBM AN. I am willing to give way.
