1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2873
jeot in charge, ha did stata that he thought it
necessity to naTe these salaries increased, and
lie gave his reasons, some of which 1 have stated
to the House. . . !
Mr. DAWES. I think he might just as well
have stated those reasons to the Committee on
Appropriations. What the gentleman from
Rhode Island has stated may be the explana-
tion of it. But the statement of the Commis-
woner to the Committee on Appropriations
was thisLet me reorganize my office my sell,
and I will save $30,000 a year." Our answer
was,Let us see you do it,1 Accordingly he
brought in his plan, and we incorporated it in
totidem verbis into the bill, and it has received
the approbation of this House. In respect to
this particular officer, the salary is just what
he has had for very many years—for aught I
know, as long as the office has existed—and
this is the first time I have ever heard a com-
plaint in reference to it. Under these circum-
stances, to add $700 to the compensation of <
this officer is to proclaim to every man in the
public service that he has a right, if it can be
stated that he has been faithful and efficient,
to come here and ask to have his compensation
made greater. I hope that on this amendment
the decision will not be such as to indicate to
the country that we are disposed to raise the
salaries of public officers, and I ask a vote
upon it. ;
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman from j
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] propose to have a ;
vote taken covering all his amendments to- 1
gether?
Mr. DAWES. I propose to ask a vote on
this one separately. The argument for each
of the amendments rests on its own merits.
Mr. PETERS. I feel compelled, although I
am vety loth to ask an increase of any salary,
to say a word in behalf of the librarian of the
Patent Office, in response to the remark of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
that this is a new question. I was a member
of the Committee on Patents in the last Con-
gress, and there was a bill introduced to-in-
crease the pay of this officer. The committee
favored it, but they never had an opportunity
to report it. There were other applications
for increase of salaries in the same bureau,
and from the Commissioner down they all
seemed to agree that if no other party had an
increase of one dollar the librarian ought to
have it. There seemed to be a unity of senti-
ment, that if there was a single person con-
nected with the bureau who should have any
additional compensation it was this party who
had to be a linguist, who had to understand
the European languages, who had all the duties
to perform that he could discharge from morn- i
ing till night, and who was living upon this
salary of $1,800. Now, with my impressions
about this matter I should feel much more
willing to increase the salary of this literary
gentleman, who occupies this position, than I
would to increase the salaries of the examiners;
and perhaps the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] maybe willing, if he can get no
more, to take this pittance of increase in this
case. I can assure the House, having been
upon the Committee on Patents and having
had some associations with this bureau, that
there is, in my opinion, much more reason for
an increase of this salary than there is for an
increase of the others.
Mr. DAWES. If I am ever at the head of
a bureau the first thing I will do will be to re-
tain the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
He can make just as good a speech for one as
for another, and I will employ him just as cer-
tainly as I ever get to be the head of a bureau
of any sort. Now, all I have to say in reply
to my friend's speech is that the Commissioner
ol Patents who asked for this increase is the
present Commissioner. That is enough for
me, and the gentleman from Maine knows all
the difference between the present Commis-
sioner and the past. I have no doubt but what
the past Commissioner thought that all the
salaries in his bureau ought to be raised. He
had an idea that he was a member of the Cab-
inet ; he had an idea that his salary ought to
be the same as that of the President of the
United States, and so far as the administration
of the office was concerned, as regarded its
revenues, one might infer from the results that
pretty much all of them had similar ideas, for
a surplus fund of $450,000, which had been
increasing for years, under the late adminis-
tration sunk to almost nothing, and it was
only saved by the last Congress by being cov-
ered into the Treasury, and Congress proposed,
instead of letting them receive it and pay it
out without accounting to the Treasury, that
they would take cognisance of it.
I have only to say further that npon all prop-
ositions to raise salaries you can make just the
same argument as that made by my friend from
Maine. It is proposed to give this librarian
the same salary as the Librarian of Congress
has had, with all his responsible duties and all
his accomplishments ; as he has to-day and as
he would have in future were it not for the
action of my eloquent friend from Maine yes-
terday in urging the raising of his salary
and making just the same speech in his behalf
that he has made to-day in behalf of this libra-
rian. Does the gentleman from Maine propose
to take them all seriatim and urge an increase
of their salaries with his accustomed ability
and his winning words ?
Mr. PETERS. No, I stop here.
Mr. DAWES. Ah, my friend has promised
to stop a great many times when he has been
after the Committee on Appropriations, and I
have no donbt he means it when he says it; but
with all due respect to him, when a question of
this kind comes up he has a faculty of forget-
ting hispromises. I trust the House will allow
this salary to remain as it now is.
The tellers then resumed their places. The
House divided; and the tellers reported—ayes
72, noes 43. j
So the amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. DAWES. I now move to amend the
clause in relation to the salary of first assist-
ant examiners by striking out "$2,000" and
inserting "$1)800."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I also move to amend the
clause in relation to the compensation of the
examinerin charge of interferences by striking
out "$3,000" and inserting "$2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like td inquire
of the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] what is meant by "purchasing
clerk," who is provided for by this bill? What
are the duties of the purchasing clerk? I
believe there is no such officer under the pr-es1
ent law.
Mr. JENCKES. He is provided for in the
appropriation bill of this year. He is the clerk
of the Commissioner.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What duty does the gen-
tleman propose to assign that officer under this
bill? , , .
Mr. JENCKES. The duty assigned to him
by the law creating the office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What does he purchase?
Mr. JENCKES. The supplies for the office.
He runs about to this and that store and brings
samples and things of that kind. It is an officer
already known to the law; nothing new.
Mr. POLAND. The eleventh section of
this bill provides that " in case of the death,
resignation, absence, or sickness of the Com-
missioner, his duties shall devolvo upon the
assistant commissioner until a successor shall
be appointed or such absence or sickness shall
cease." I desire to move to amend the sec-
tion by adding to it the following:
And while such assistant commissioner shall _ so
perform the duties of Commissioner ho shall receive
the same compensation as the Commissioner.
Mr. JENCKES. I am willing that the
amendment shall be voted on.
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made
the amendment will be considered as pending.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was received.
Mr. KERR. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear it read.
Mr. KERR. I desire to move to add the
following to section thirty-four of this bill:
And provided /urther, That no obligation of tho
kind mentioned in the foregoing proviso shall bo
reiiled or revived for the purpose of interfering with
existing patents; and patents hereafter granted oil
such application shall not bo held in any event to
impair or supersede any existing patent.
Mr. JENCKES. I cannot permit that, amend-
ment to be offered; it is contrary to the prin-
ciple ofthe whole revision.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to move an amendment, striking
out the Words "one assistant commissioner,'"
in section two of this act.
Mr. JENCKES. I pannot; that officer is
provided for by the appropriation bill of this
year.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
• Mr. JENCKES. I will hear it read.
Mr. SARGENT. Idesiretornovetoamend
section ten, prescribing the duties of the
exarainersin-chief, by striking out the words,
"when required by the Commissioner they
shall hear and report upon claims for exten-
sions, and perform such other like duties^ as
he tnay assign them," aud inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
In connection with tho Commissioner they shall
hear and determine upon claims for extensions,
and shall perform such other like duties as may bo
assigned to them.
Mr. JENCKES. That will change the exist-
ing law.
Mr. SARGENT. The only effect of passing
a statute is to alter some preexisting law. If
the gentleman will allow me three minutes I
will explain the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I am wiiling that it shall
be considered as pending.
Mr. SARGENT. Let me have one minute
to explain ifc.
Mr. JENCKES. After the previous ques-
tion has been ordered.
Mr. SARGENT. Yery well.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. What is it? Let it be read.
; Mr. BUTLER* of Massachusetts. I desire
! to move to amend section thirty-four by adding
to it the following :
And mere lapse of time before renewing or filing
a new application, where a former_ application has
been improperly or erroneously rejected, shall not
be oonsiderod an abandonment in any application
made before the passage of this act.
Mr. JENCKES. If I should admit that
amendment I should be obliged in fairness to
admit also the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
pending.
Mr. JENCKES. If I admit one I must
admit the other also. And the one is directly
opposed to the other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
offered.
Mr. JENCKES. Very well; I will permit
both amendments to be offered and consid-
ered as pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was denied the oppor-
tunity to offer an amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I will permit the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to offer his
amendment, as I do not desire to exclude
amendments.
The SPEAKER. Then the three amend-
ments of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] and the two gentlemen j'roin
Indiana [Mr. Kerr and Mr. Holman] will be
considered as pending by unanimous consent.
No objection Was made; and the amend*
ments were accordingly received.
