1870.
tm. GomnmsimAh C&Q 
1929
sage of the House bill which we see from day
to day in this city aye manufactured in this city,
but I doubt not many of them are in response
to telegrams emanating from this* city. The
telegraph is used to create a public sentiment
to operate upon Congress. 1 myself have re-
ceived a letter which if I can lay my hand on
it I would like to read to the Senate as a speci-
men of how a weak-minded man is imposed
upon or a designing one seeks to impose upon
us. The letter is from Georgia- Sear what
the writer says;
" I would say to United States Senators, for God's
sake do not admit Hill or Miller. Of the two Hill is
the honcstest man."
They are the persons elected to the Senate,
you will remember-
"If Hill and Miller are admitted to seats in your
honorable body, thon tho true Union men in this
State aro worse off than thoy were during any time
of llie cursed rebellion, Wo, the Union men of
Georgia and the Republican party proper of this
State, look to tho present national Administration
for protection. If you admit Ilill and Miller, then
wc cannot live in Georgia," [Laughter.]
Why, sir, what a terrihlo state of things is
to follow if Hill and Miller are admitted to
their seats! If you admit Hill and Miller
Union men cannot live in Georgia 1 Hill, a
Union man all through the war, a loyal man
who was here in Congress and upheld the
Union hero and went homeand did everything
that a man in that country could do to assist
tho cause of the Union all through the war,
if he is not admitted to a seat in the Senate a
Union man cannpt live in thatState; and there-
fore you must admit tho two men or three men
that have just been elected by this reorganized
Legislature, not one of whom could take the
oath without the removal of his disabilities!
I give no credence, sir, to such letters.
They aro manufactured to order; got up for
the purpose of coercing the Congress of the
United States to pass a law that shall perpet-
uate a certain class of men in power. Is there
any man who hears me and who knows Joshua
Hill that docs not know him to be a Union
man, who does not know his patriotism and
devotion to the country? Who believes that a
Union man will bo driven out of Georgia in
consequence of Hill's admission to the Senate,
or that men who fought in the rebel army
must be admitted to seats in order to protect
Union men i
Now, sir, I ask, the Senate hot to be misled
by a public sentiment that is manufactured by
this wri li ug o f letters or answering of telegraphic
dispatches. The Governor of Georgia will bo
armed with all the authority necessary to pre-
serve the pqace in that Slate. And if the Le-
gislature of that State, as now organized, with
a Governor in harmony with it, cannot have a
peaeeabie and fair election in the State next
fall, when can they have one? Why, sir, this
Legislature will convene in a few days after the
State is admitted to representation. Let it
pass such laws as will protect everybody at the
polls. Let there be a fair expression of the pub-
lic opinion of that State; and let the majority of
the people elect such persons as they think
proper to the Legislature, so that they do not
come within any disqualifications prescribed by
the Constitution of the United States or their
own constitution. There can be no danger in
this.
But, sir, my only object at this time in mak-
ing any statement about the bill under consid-
eration was that the Senate might understand
its provisions and the facts in regard to Geor-
gia. I would not wish now to make any appeal
To the Senate in regard to the bill, I wish to
have the facts before the Senate so that every
Senator may judge for himself. In my own
opinion no legislation whatever is necessary in
reference to Georgia. 1 think she is juss as
clearly entitled to-day to have her Senators
admitted to their scats here as was the State
of Arkansas or the State of North Carolina or
South Carolina, or any other of the late rebel
States at the time their Senators were admitted.
But inasmuch as we, have been,yarned ia
advance by the Legislature of Georgia, that it.
intends so to construe oy? action, a§ to perpet-
uate its power for two years longer, .than it is
entitled to nnder its own constitution, I. think:
it proper, if we pass a bill at all, and perhaps
proper in any 'eyent, to pass this pro viso declare
ing that our own legislation. §ljall not be con-,
strued to perpetuate these men in power-Tor
two years longer. , *,
Mr. STEWART. - Mr. President? I admit
that I find difficulties in the way of any view I
can take of the condition .in, which th$ State
of (Jeorgia is. I regret particularly, in'the
embarrassed condition of that State,to be com-
pelled to differ with some of my colleagues qa
the Judiciary Committee, In regard to a del-
icate matter ,like this it would be very desir-
able that we should agree ijpon some cpmmon'
and practical solution that would give us a
reconstructed State and good government in
Georgia—a thing they have not bad at all, I
shall move to strike out the first proviso, which
is more than declaratory, mandatory, on the
Legislature. That proviso reads as follow^:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacate fttiy of the offices now filled
in tho State of Georgia either by the eloption ef thp
people or by the appointment of the Governor
thereof, by and with the advice and eonsent of the
senate of said State; neither shall this act be con-
strued to extend the offieial term of any officer of
ssid State beyond the term limited by the constitu-
tion thereof, dating from the election or appointment
of such officers—
That fixes the date of the commencement of
tho term—
nor to deprive the people of Georgia of tho right
under their eonstitution to elect Senators and Rep-
resentatives of the State of Georgia in the year 1870;
butsaid election yhall bo held in the year 1870, either
on tho day named in the constitution of said State
or such other day as the present Legislature may
designate by law.
Now, I want to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee to this proviso
upon his theory. His theory is that Georgia
was admitted by the act of June 1868, and
that since that time she has been as much a
State in the Unipn as the State of Illinois.
Now, I should like to call upon him to say
whether he thinks Congress has the right to fix
the day for the election of officers in the State
of-Illinois ? Upon the theory that the govern-
ment of Georgia is a State government, that
it is not a provisional government, what right
have we to fix the day for the election of State
officers in that State ? This question cannot be
dealt with by legislation upon any_ theory of
Georgia being a State already admitted and in
full standing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator want
an answer ?
Mr. STEWART, Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot fix the day
of election in the State of Illinois. I contend
for no such thing; nor do I contend we fix it
in tho State of Georgia. It is already fixed by
her constitution and her ordinance; but we
will not permit her to construe our legislation
so as to perpetuate the terms of office of men
contrary to her own constitution. That is the
meaning of the proviso.
Mr. STEWART. It is difficult for me to
reconcile that explanation of the Senator with
this explicit language of the proviso that I
shall move to strike out, "the said election
shall be held in the year 1870."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what her con-
stitution says.
Mr. STEWART. Well, if her constitution
says so, why should wo say it ? But suppose
there is a difference of opinion; suppose it is
an unsettled question ; suppose it is disputed
whether that is the day fixed by the constitu-
tion of Georgia; suppose the people of Geor-
gia differ about that, who is to settle the differ-
ence?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Nevada say that there is any difference on that
question as to the meaning of the constitution
of Georgia? _ Does he say th^t tiier§ i§ any
dpnbt about it under the constitution of Gwr-
Mr. STEWART. p I do say there js grave
floubt—— . ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the Senator's mind?
Mr- Sip) WART,, X say therein grave doubt
on ijh^qu£is|ion,-whether under the constitu-
tion of .Georgia there must necessarily be an
election jn Georgia next fall. O.n the contrary
I believe that the power is given in that con-
stitution to-change the time of,emotion so that
there need be np election next fa}lT But bo
that as it may, we undertake by this proviso to
say in eixpress language that the State shall
hold its eleetion at a given time. It is assum-
ing that you have power to control it. If you
declare that the election shall be held on a
given day you thereby assume that you have
power to dp it, and you will meet with con-
stant difficulties if you admit that Georgia is a
State.' If you admit that Georgia is a State in
fell eommunion, andhas beensince July, 1868,
we shall meet with a great deal of difficulty in
reconciling what we 'have done, The only
logical solution' of this question, the only course
that will give us any road on which we can
safely travel,1 is, it seems to me, to assume that
Georgia ha$ had until now only a provisional
government, that she did not comply with the
requirements of Congress which were incorpor-
ated in the original reconstruction acts.
The statement of facts made by the Senator
from Illinois up to the time of the first election
in Georgia was correct. That election occurred
under the original reconstruction act, as did
elections in several other southern States—
under an act which expressly declared that
until the State was admitted to representation
in Congress any government there should be
held to be provisional only.
The sixth section of the act under which the
election was held provided—
" That until tho people of said rebel States shall
be by law admitted to representation in tho Congress
of tho United States any civil government which
may exist therein shall be deemed provisional only,
and in all respects subjeot to tho paramount author-
ity of tho United State at any time to abolish, mod-
ify, control, or supersede the same."
We have gone upon the theory that the gov-
ernment of Georgia was provisional only up
to the present time. But it is contended that,
she organized her Legislature and complied
with the requirements of the reconstruction
acts; tliat by the act of June 25, 1868, wo
admitted Georgia in so many words. Now, I
call the special attention to the fact that the
third section of the act of June 25,1868, makes
a condition that these States must comply with
in order to entitle them to admission, and it is
a very important condition:
"But no person prohibited from holding office
under tho United States, or under any State, by sec-
tion three of the proposed amendment to tho Con-
stitution of tho United States, known as article four-
teen, shall be deemed eligible to any office in either
of said States, unless relieved from liis disability as
provided in said amendment."
No person disqualified under the fourteenth
amendment was to be allowed to hold a seat
in the Legislature or enter upon the discharge
of the duties of any office. That was made a
condition. The other States complied with it,
or at all events there has been 110 allegation
that they failed to comply. Did Georgia com-
ply with this condition that was to entitle her
to representation ? No. She admitted, I think,
some twenty-seven members to the Legislature
who have since been ascertained to be disqual-
ified. She paid no regard to this condition.
Now, we do not propose to admit that Georgia
had a legal Legislature, and then undertaken
invalidate its acts by saying that a part of its
members were disqualified. That was not the
point of the case at all. It was because Geor-
gia refused to accede to the condition to excluc e
these men, and after having refused to do that,
this same Legislature, in pursuance, as J. beue\ e,
of a conspiracy from the beginning, in puisu-
