1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
I will now yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Slocfm.]
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Chairman, I offered thef
amendment I did in perfect good faith. While
I agree with all that has been said by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,] that we
have no right to appropriate one dollar of the
public funds to any purpose of this kind, still,
if the majority of the House decide otherwise,
then I present in behalf of my own constitu-
ents a case appealing far more to the sympathy
of the House than that of the poor people of
Washington. Within the last week the discus-
sions upon this floor have caused the Navy De-
partment to retrench in its expenditures. The
result has been that two thousand men have
been thrown out of employment in the Brook-
lyn navy-yard. In the dead of winter they
can find employment nowhere. Their families
to-day are suffering. They have been brought
into Government employment at the solicita-
tion of our officers; and now, at a time when
they cannot get employment elsewhere, they
are thrown upon the world; and now they
appeal to us for bread.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. SLOCUM. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gentle-
man aright as saying that that condition of
things in the navy-yards is the result of the
discussion here?
Mr. SLOCUM. Yes, sir. I suppose it to
be so.
Mr. DAWES. I had supposed that the rea-
son why these men were thrown out of employ-
ment was because jthe Navy Department had
expended all the unexpended balances it had
on hand; that it had expended all that was
appropriated this year for those two bureaus
of that Department between the 1st of March
and this time, and was without a dollar of
money. I had supposed that to be the reason.
Mr. RANDALL. And $10,000,000 in ex-
cess of the appropriations, without authority
of law.
Mr. SLOCUM. It matters not what the
cause may be. I assume that the discussion
on this floor had induced the Department to
look closely after its expenditures. But that
is a matter of no moment. I say there are two
thousand families thrown out of employment
in the dead of winter; and I say those people
ought to be supported in preference to the
negroes who daily crowd these galleries.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield tome
for a moment ?
Mr. SLOCUM. With pleasure.
_Mr. COX. I undertook to say in connection
with this business, and I say it by authority,
that a Radical Congress made appropriations,
on the dictation of Mr. Washburne, who was
here acting for a Radical Administration; and
that that Radical Administration spent the ap-
propriations made for twelve months in seven.
It did not cut its cloth according to the meas-
ure; and this ia the reason why ten or twelve
thousand white men are now thrown out of
employment.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SLOCUM. I now yield the floor back
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott.]
Mr. KNOTT. I now yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridgb.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When I came into the
House and found the committee in session, I
requested my friend from Kentucky to give
me an opportunity to make a few remarks. I
did not know what was the condition of the
bill which is pending here. I did not know
that my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Knott]
would have the opportunity to make the re-
marks which he did. I find that he has cov-
ered-the ground, and more than covered the
ground which I had desired to go over. The
gentleman from Kentucky has in the most elo-
quent and logical manner spoken on the very i
point on which I desired to comment. I thank i
mm for his courtesy. I do not know Whether i
I should say that I am happy that he has
deprived me of the opportunity of offering
the remarks that I had intended. I am at all
events proud of the appearance the gentleman
has made in the argument he has addressed to
the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Knott] to yield to me for a
moment.
Mr. KNOTT. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that I under-
stand exactly why it is that so many men have
been thrown out of employment in the bureaus
of the Navy Department. But, so far as I
understand it, it is no fault of the Administra-
tion, either in this House or in any Department
of the Executive. I apprehend it was because
of the desire of the Navy officers to prepare
and put in commission a larger number of snips
than have ever been commissioned before.
With that view they have employed a greater
number of men than is usual at this period.
And the funds of those two bureaus have been
exhausted in consequence of their having em-
ployed a larger number of hands than usual;
whereas, iftheyhad employed the usual amount
of labor, and extended it over the whole year,
they would not perhaps have been in the con-
dition in which they are to-day.
Mr.. RANDALL. Will the gentleman tell
ns what possible necessity there ever was for
their employment at that time?
Mr. DAWES. I can tell the gentleman
better after to-morrow than to-day, fori have
a promise of a full explanation of the policy
and the reasons for having employed this un-
usual number of men rather than to have
extended the work over the whole year.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman another question^- I want to know
whether the Navy Department, in sending to
the House and to the Committee on Appro-
priations their estimates, have included in
those estimates any estimate for a deficiency.
I am credibly informed that, without author-
ity of law, the Navy Department have in the
most profligate manner expended $10,000,000
in excess of the appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I do not find in the book
of estimates any estimate for deficiency in the
Navy Department. I apprehend the whole
difficulty lies in the employment of so many
men in the early part of the year rather than
in extending the service over the whole year.
Mr. RANDALL. It was just before an
election.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand anything
of that kind.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, it is a fact.
Mr. DAWES. I will say frankly before I
take my seat that 1 do hot think there has been
any necessity for the employment of so many
men or the fitting up of bo many vessels for
commission. I do Hot see why so much money
has been expended in thefirst half of the year:
but I do not speak from authority. As I said
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania^ I hopeto
be better prepared after to-morrow than to-day
to speak upon this subject, for the Secretary of
the Navy and Admiral Porter have promised
to appear before the Committee on Appropri-
ations to-morrow morning and give their reason
for the policy they have pursued. If it shall
be a satisfactory reason it will give toe great
pleasure to communicate it to th« House; but
as at present advised, I do not see any good
reason for it.
Mr. COOK. I wish to make a single remark
before I yield to my colleague, [Mr. Logan,]
to modify his amendment. I care not in what
manner this charity is appropriated so that the
Suffering in this District is relieved. I certainly
have no choice as to the means by whicih it
shall be distributed ; none at all. If it can be
distributed by the Secretary of War better than
through the agency proposed by the bill, I am
content that it shall be so distributed. I wish,
however, to suggest one or two reasons which
6{teffttfe tffton my ffliftd (Tgiifi&t (fcfe ptftpMritadh
of my colleague. I think these benevolent
associations have given proofs that they are the
proper almoners of this bounty. They have in
a single year contributed themselvestheamount
of $20,653 95, which has been expended by
their agency for the relief of the poor. If you
can have a better guarantee than that that the
fond will be properly applied I do not know
what it is. 1 hold in ray hand the names of
the contributors to this fund.
There is another reason. They have organ-
ized a system of industry, which, if indiscrim-
inate rations are issued, will be broken up and
many who are now earning or partially earning
'i their own support will lose the means of labor
; which are furnished them by the care and kind-
ness of these charitable persons. That is a
great and controlling objection which I have
to the plan proposed Dy ray colleague.
! I believe that the Provident Aid Association
| and the Freedmen's Relief Society are receiv-
| ing large sums of money from charitable per-
il sons in the North. By a report before me I
: ( find that they have received $2,000 during this
!| winter from the North, and they are being
aided by the Friends in Philadelphia. The
Freedmen's Relief Society have expended of
private contributions for the relief of the poor
of this District, $10,000 during this winter.
Now, in distributing this charity it seems to
me that they will do far better than the Secre-
tary of War can do.
There is another objection. If rations are
! distributed indiscriminately by the Secretary
j of War it will call in from the surrounding
; country a large number of men who are not now
[ here. There are poor enough in the city of
Washington at any rate. These societies are
making arrangements all over the country for
the employment of the able-bodied men, and
are sending them off as fast as they can possibly
find homes for them and funds to pay for their
transportation.
These reasons satisfy my mind that it is
much better that this fund should be expended
*«der their direction and charge. It will be
-much better expended and will go much farther.
The $30,000, added to the contributions of
the charitable of this oity and the surround rag
country, will afford an immense amount of re-
lief—more than would be afforded by issuing
$80,000 worth of rations by the Secretory of
War. That is all I have got to say on'the
subject.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer my amend-
ment as I have modified it to the first section
of this bill; and in connection with that amend-
ment, if the gentleman will allow me, I will only
say that the very objection he makes to my
amendment has been remedied by my modifica-
tion of it. If these relief associations have done
so well, then there is no reason why they should
not again do well. I have provided by my
amendment that this food shall be issued on
their certificates under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War; and if they now have a list of
the names of those entitled to receive this assist-
ance they certainly will not allow these inter-
lopers to come in and eat the rations any more
than they would if money was given them to
purchase the rations to be distributed in this
District. If my amendment shall be adopted
the Secretary of War can commence to-mor-
row to issue rations to these people without
any-further trouble. I know whereof Ispeak.
Mr. COOK. I am surprised that gentlemen
here should talk about able-bodied men in this
city and about negroes in the galleries of this
House taring the persons who are to receive
this assistance. I hold in tny hand a list of
one hundred persons, the names of whom I
have taken the pains to-obtain, the youngest
of whom is sixty-six years Old, atid all of
whom, every one of them, are disabled from
performing any work. One of these persons
is one hundred and seventeen years of age;
there are ten of them over a hundred years
old; only two are under seventy years of age,
Afid oftly tht^Siifid^r eeWht^-fi^e yfe&fs 6f Agfe.
