2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. JENCKES. I now submit several
amendments, which are mostly verbal and need
not be read, except one, to insert in the bill
the following provision :
Authors may reserve the right to dramatize and
translate their own works.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman
having charge of this bill whether he will per-
mit me to offer an amendment prohibiting the
importation of goods from abroad with coun-
terfeit or simulated trade-marks?
M r. J ENCKES. That is a matter for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. It does not relate
to the jurisdiction of the courts, but to the
duties of the collectors of customs. Such a
provision could not appropriately be inserted
in this bill. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JENCKES. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gext.]
Mr. SARGENT. I rise for the purpose of
explaining the amendment I have offered.
The effect of that amendment will be to con-
stitute a board composed of the examiners-in-
chief and the Commissioner to decide upon
that very important class of cases which are
called " extensions." I am unwilling, for one,
that these very important questions shall be
subject to the decisions of a single individual,
with the, as I think, rather inadequate means
provided in the bill for appeals, affording, it
seems to me, no effectual protection to the
persons who may be injured by improvident
extensions. Great pecuniary interests are in-
volved very often in extension cases.
With few of the forms of a court, with ready
access of those who would not scruple to use
political or worse influences to the single officer
provided by this bill, the innovation that shuts
off other judgment than that of the Commis-
sioner is dangerous and ill-judged. By this
change I think you would make the opportunity
and temptation to wrong andcorruption entirely
too great. This criticism will apply to the bill
generally. As drawn, it will have' the effect—
I will not say that such is the design—to increase
the power and importance of the Commissioner
of Patents, while decreasing that of the exam-
iners-in-chief and other officers upon whom
heretofore delicate duties have been devolved,
and among whom responsibility has been
shared. For instance, I find that on page 2
of the bill it is provided that a very large num-
ber of officers shall be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior upon the nomination of the
Commissioner himself. Suppose they are of
different politics ; suppose they do not agree ;
then i'. seems to me the power is held in the
hands of this Commissioner. Further on we
find a provision for an assistant commissioner,
to be appointed upon like nomination. This
officer comes in between the Commissioner and
the examiners-in-chief, who are to be men of
legal knowledge and scientific ability : he takes
the place of the oldest one of these, and may
become the mere instrument of the Commis-
sioner.
I suppose it is true that our Commissioners
of Patents have always been fair, honest, and
honorable men, withoutinterest in patents com-
ing before them, with hands unstained by bribes
men above suspicion in every respect. I will
assume that to be true. Yet, I cannot ignore
the fact, which I believe is generally known in
the House and the country, that whispers of
the opposite character have gone forth; that
there have been suspicions that some men who
have occupied that position have not been above
availing themselves of the opportunity given
them by the great discretion and power lodged
in their hands to increase their private fortunes
at the expense of those who had applications
pending before them. I am willing to believe
that these were mere slanders, such slanders
as attach almost inevitably to men who are
placed in positions of trust under the Govern-
ment. But I am unwilling that we shall by
this bill extend the opportunity for such a state
of things. Instead of having as proposed in
the bill, a mere report made" by these exumin-
ers in-chief, I think their determination should
have the effect of a judgment, from which there
may be an appeal to the Commissioner.
In this bill the word "determine" is struck
out, and the word "report" inserted ; so that,
unless some such amendment a3 I propose be
adopted, these examiners-in-chief, persons of
competent legal knowledge and scientific abil-
, ity, who have heretofore exercised independent
J jurisdiction in this matter, will be made mere
' clerks reporting to the Commissioner who will
j hold this vast interest in his hands. In this
way the bill is calculated to enlarge his power,
while decreasing that of those who have here-
tofore shared it with him.
Mr. JENCKES. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. IIolman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I only wish to say that
during the present session this House, when
the attendance was very full, adopted without
a division a resolution declaring against any
increase in the number of public officers. This
bill proposes to increase the corps of officers
in the Patent Office by adding an assistant
commissioner with a salary of $3,000. I sub-
mit in the first place to the House that being
true to itself, after having declared that this in-
crease shall not be had, I insist there shall be
no Kicrease in this office, and that this $3,000
a year shall not be paid out of the Treasury.
I submit to thesuperior information of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island and other members
on this floor in relation to the Patent Office;
but I submit there is not an outsider iu the
country who can see the least necessity for this
increase in the number of these officers.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is mistaken.
It does not increase the number of officers, but
substitutes one for another. It is already
provided for in the appropriation bill, and to
strike it out will be to repeal the adjustment
provided for by the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. What officers are dispensed
with ?
Mr. JENCKES. The superintendent of the
annual report, and the assistant commissioner
is created. That is all of it. It makes no
change.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the salary of the
officers dispensed with ?
Mr. JENCKES. A little more than the
increase by this assistant commissioner.
Mr. HOLMAN. More than $3,000?
Mr. JENCKES. That matter was fully dis-
cussed on the appropriation bill, and was
adopted beeause it was a saving in this office.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the gentleman certain
that with this increase made in the form of an
assistant commissioner these other officers will
not be restored ?
Mr. JENCKES. The provision of law cre-
ating them is repealed by this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know ; but they may
be revived next year by appropriation in the
appropriation bill.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman from In-
diana will do the CommitLee on Patents the
justice of recognizing that they have done all
they can to provide against reappointment, be-
cause they have repealed the law authorizing
their reappointment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist that this increase
shall not occur, because there is no necessity
for it.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman strikes
out this provision and inserts the other officers
that would be an increase. He is wrong in his
premises. I now yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts for five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the amendment I have proposed is
this—it comes in after section thirty-four, in
these words: " that the mere lapse of tinie
where a patent has been erroneously and im-
properly refused by the Patent Office shall not
r J
be deemed an abandonment." Let me explain.
An inventor invents a new and useful machine.
The Patent Office decides that machine is
neither new nor useful, lie yields to that
decision as a law-abidingcitizen and goes away.
Years afterward it turns out to be useful, and
another patents that machine. Now, the pat-
ent should not be good in the hands of the man
who thus patents it; and the man who has
invented it should not be deprived of it. It is
a grievous wrong to deprive hiin of it.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It is a question for
the decision of the courts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
a case of interference. They say it is neither
new nor useful. He goes away and leaves it.
Years afterward some person gets a patent, for
the same thing, the previous decision of the
Commissioner being wrong. When the man
himself goes for a patent they say h«  has lost
his right by lapse of time. I say that a man
driven out of court does not abandon his case.
A man driven out of the Patent Office does not
abandon his case. I do not see any wrong in
providing in this bill that mere lapse of time,
where the party's application has been erron-
eously rejected or improperly rejected, shall no
operate as an abandonment. He can abandon
it in other ways. If he goes to work and puts
it to public use, or does many things showing
abandonment, I agree he can abandon it; but
the mere fact of lapse of time because of an
erroneous rejectment should not be considered
as an abandonment.
Mr. JENCKES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New Jersey.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, upon the
proposition I made yesterday to strike out
section seventy of this bill, it being a new
proposition, a change in the patent laws, requir-
ing the payment of additional fee8, say of
twenty-five dollars at the end of seven years
and of fifty dollars at the end of twelve years,
I desire to say in addition to what I said yester-
day that the additional fees are unnecessary ;
they are not called for upon any principle of
public policy; they are not needed for any
additional protection granted to the inventor—
none is granted to him; they are not needed
to sustain and pay the necessary expenses of
the department, for that now receives a sur-
plus of over two huudred thousand dollars per
annum above the present expenses, and there
is now in the Patent Office fund a net surplus
of over half a million dollars. It is-proposed
by section seventy of this bill to increase the
revenues of the department, at the present rate
of patent issues, after seven years, nearly four
hundred thousand dollars, and after twelve
years of more than half a million more, making
after the twelve years an increase iu the reve-
nue of more than nine hundred thousand dol-
lars as a tax upon the inventors of the country
because they are inventors.
I ask the Clerk to read extracts from the last
report of the Commissioner of Patents.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Patent Office earns all the money which it
expends or proposes to expend ; and as the invent-
ors give, in the form of useful invention, quite as
much as they receivo by way of protection ; as they
are, moreover, taxed as citizens, as manufacturer?,
and as vendors of their patents and inventions, it
would seem to be unjust to tax them again in the
form of additional fees for the support of the Gov-
ernment or the payment of the national debt.
"The patentee does not pay these fees as a com-
pensation for the exclusive privilege which he re-
ceives. For that he makes a full disclosure of his
invention for the future benefit of the nation. The
foes are intended solely to pay the necessary expenses
incurred in the examination of the invention and in
the issue of the patent. In all other countries tbo
fund derived from the patent fees is applied to the
advancement of science. The fees which are paid in
this country are less than in any other, but if they are
more than is needed for the expenses of the Patent
Office as at present organized, it is but fair either
that the fee should be reduced or that the balance
should be employed in such increase of the iorce ot'
the office, or in providing such publications and
appliances as may increase the easo, thoroughness,
and efficiency of the work of examination."
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, I pro-
teat against making the inventive genius of the
