2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
when he pleases. and obtain it, unless he allows
it to go into public us© for two years, or dtl;i"s
till another applies for and obtains a pateut. '
The law is not altered in this respect. We
have no control over that which is not made 1
known. When the secret is disclosed it may
be as valuable as when the idea was first con-
ceived and perfected, and we do uot propose
to interfere with the law in this respect; but
alter a man once applies for a patent and is
rejected, or withdraws his application, or fails
to prosecute it, there should be a limit of time
in which he can keep his claim alive. This is
in the interest of true invention and against
the policy of litigation. As to applications
rejected or withdrawn before the passage of
this act we give two vears to renew or tile a
new application. "This is time and notico
enough. If actually abandoned already noth-
ing can revive the application, and this must
be a question of proof. For the future we Rive
two years alter filing the petition to completo
the application for examination, and two years
after any action in the case, of which the
applicant must have notice. There never was
a fairer protision. If he abides by a rejec-
tion or allows his application to slumber, the
two years act as a limitation, and bar him,
and they ought to bar him. If he chooses,
however, he may make a new application, and
when delay was unavoidable the Commissioner
even now may do equity.
The gentleman says, suppose some one
comes in afterward and gets a patent for the
same thing. That cannot be done under the
law, or if such a patent were got the court
would declare it void. The gentleman knows
very well that priority of invention and its
perfection in connection with the public appli-
cation would be a bar to another patent issuing
for the same thing. It is simply a question
whether some time or other there shall not be
an end put to these fruitful causes of litigation.
I look upon this section as being to the
advantage of inventors. I may not agree with
every section of the bill, or with every pro-
vision that has been added to it. But in the
main I regard it as in the interest of inventors.
Recurring to their rights I consider if we
do our duty we shall pay all these officers
more than we do now. This morning the
House cut out the amount proposed to be
added to the salary of the librarian. I am
very sorry for it. I hope the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] will use bis
influence with his friends on that side to
reconsider that step. To be niggardly about
these salaries is not the proper way to treat
these men, or to treat the inventive minds of
the country who contribute so large a surplus
to the Patent Office fund, and are entitled to
have the most efficient men in that office.
They expect that we shall provide the best
talent there. We have it largely now, but
there is no way of getting or keeping it save
by paying for it. And the inventors pay the
money, contributing yearly, as has already
been stated, fully $200,000 over all expenses.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I may state to the gen-
tleman that I voted to retain the salary as it is
in the bill.
Mr. MYERS. Yes, I am aware of it. Ill
the United States I find that, despite the great
care and examination required before a patent
can issue—a protection generally to the parties
as well as the public—by which 5.285 applica-
tions for patents were rejected in 1869 alone—
I find that in 1866 no fewer than 9,450 patents
were granted, being more than the numbers
in England, Prance, and Belgium put together,
although in England almost every man can
obtain a patent at his own risk, and that i3
the great objection to their law, which they are
now trying to modify or amend so as to make
it correspond with oars.
In 1809 our Patent Office issned 13,989
patents, including reissues and designs. Our
eountrj surpasses all others in the products of
its inventive genius. In every branch of science
and mechanism, in every department of art
and literature, too, the men who have thus
ennobled themselves have made us illustrious
also, adding comforts innumerable, riches
untold, not only to this people, already highly
favored, but to all lands. Fulton and Morse,
Whitney and Goodyear, Woodworthand Howe,
are but a few of the names enshrined in the
memories of a grateful people. Remember
that each decade produces new wonders in the
development of the mechanic arts, new strides
in the progress of American genius, and let
our appreciation of the efforts and wants of
inventors be shown more in practical action
than in mere lip-service.
Mr. JENCKES. I propose now to consider
those amendments that are pending, and to give
the House the views taken by the Committee
on Patents on each of those subjects. I will
first consider the amendment of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.] It relates to
a single subject, the granting of extensions of
patents which were granted prior to the 2d of
March, 1861. The wholo business of granting
extensions ceases la a little less than five years,
and it was not thought best to alter the consti-
tution of the Patent Office or the mode of hear-
ing and determining cases in a business which
is so soon to expire. And besides that, this
amendment would conflict seriously with other
parts of the bill, and it would be impossible to
execute it if the amendment should be adopted
and the rest of the bill 6tand as it is. It alters
the existing law and the constitution of the
office as it has existed since the creation of
the board of examiners-in-chief and the mode
of doing business in that office during the wholo
period of its existence for a special purpose ;
and for this reason, if for no other, I think the
, amendment ought to be rejected,
The amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. IIolmax] is unnecessary, and is
offered under a misapprehension of the facts,
and I hope the gentleman will not insist on it,
and if he does, that it will not be adopted.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] I am willing to pass to a
vote without further consideration. The princi-
ple of it I will agree to be just. Whether the
House will sanction it or not is another question.
The amendments proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butt/etc] and the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] are pre-
cisely opposite in their character and tend-
ency. The one proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana is foreign to the whole principle
of this revision, and that is, to destroy or im-
pair no existing rights, but to enlarge and
make clear the remedies which have hereto-
fore been given by law. I trust that amend-
ment will not receive the favorable consider-
ation of the House for that reason. If the
rights of parties are to be altered on one sub'
i ject, why not alter them in all? Who knows
what class of cases you may reach by such an
amendment? It must reach a great many.
There are some twenty thousand of these cases
pending, and the bill as reported simply fixes
; the time within which these claims shall be
; prosecuted, and leaves the effect of the prose-
i cution to be decided npon by the courts, where
: it ought to be. It is a question of private
rights, and it should not be affected by legis-
j lation, even if we have the power to do so.
The amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
' sachusettu [Mr. Butler] proposes to establish
| a rule of evidence in this class of cases. It
I seems to me to be entirely unnecessary. I
' believe that it is now the law, and this section
i has been shaped in that belief, that a mere
! lapse of time is not conclusive evidence of an
abandonment of the invention to the public or
of an abandonment of the intention to prose-
oute the application. I do not think the amend-
ment will add to or take anything from the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
there can be no objection to it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would nsk the gentle-
man if the present Commissioner does not hold
that the lapse of time is au abandonment of
the patent m some cases?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes; but I believe the
Commissioner to be wrong, and I have so
expressed myself; aud this section has been
drawn so that it shall trot be so held hereafter
either by the Commissioner or by the courts.
Mr. jBUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow mo
to say that it having been so held by the Com-
missioner, and as the gentleman agrees held
wrongly, 1 desire to remove all doubt by pro-
viding that lapse of time in case of no erro-
neous application hereafter shall uot be held to
be an abandonment.
Mr. JENCKES. From the consideration I
have given to the amendment, 1 do not see
that it alters the law at all or can work either
injury or benefit. But if the geutleman insists
on a vote I shall not oppose it very seriously.
It has not the mischief in it which, I believe
unconsciously to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kebr,] is contained in his. I will tell the
House to what olass of cases this may refer,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts will
see that even his amendment may do wrong.
There are cases pending in the office where
the rejection sought to be removed was made
from twelve to twenty years ago; cases in which
under the law as it was previous to 1801, not
only the applications were withdrawn but a
part of the money which the law authorized to
be withdrawn was taken also. That is an addi-
tional circumstance which has its weight. It
is true the geutleman does not propose to go
so far.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us try
it, at all events.
Mr. JENCKES. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kekr] to
allow these patents to be revived, might do
injury to patents which have since been granted
and gone into public use.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will allow
me a few minutes to explain my amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly ; how long?
Mr. KERR. Three minutes will be enough.
Mr. JENCKES. I will yield for three min-
utes.
Mr. MYERS. In connection with what has
been said by my colleague on the Committee
on Patents [Mr. Jenckes] I will state that I
know of a patent, the application for which was
rejected fifteen years ago. After the machine
had gone into public use a party was allowed
to come in and obtain a patent for it, when
he proceeded to sue parties who were thee
using the machine. That is what we want
to prevent, by designating some time within
which a person must make a new application
for a patent.
Mr. KERB. I will briefly explain my rea-
sons for proposing this amendment. I under-
stand that by the provisions of the law as it now
stands it is competent for any person, either
the original inventor or his assignee, after the
original application has been rejeoted, to come
forward and refile that application, or revive
it, and possibly have a patent issued to him
even after another patent has been issued for
the same invention, on another application
covering precisely the same ground and reach-
ing just the same result. That has produced
i the singular result that the subsequent but bona
' fide patentee, without any knowledge at all of
\ the previous application, will by this process
be divested of his right, deprived of his inven-
tion, and as suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] be harassed by
suits and injunctions.
j Now, I desire by my amendment to make
this provision of the law specific to the effect
| that no such revived application, and no patent
1 granted upon any such revived application,
shall have the effect of superseding the patents
wbioh meanwhile may have been granted npon
another bona fide application for precisely the
