988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
acts of wrong and robbery. Why, sir, it is
proposed to abstract from the Treasury $30,000
of the taxes paid by the people to support the
Government under the pretext of giving it to the
poor, while there is good reason to believe that
it is intended to be applied for election pur-
poses. And yet, sir, at this very moment I
hold in my hand a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, under date of Jan-
uary 26,1870, accompanying a communication
from Auditor Tabor to Comptroller Brodhead,
showing that since 1866, in flagrant violation
of law, upon the bare order of the Secretary
of the Navy, the pay of the officers of the
Navy has been increased one third; and in still
more flagrant violation of law, the Secretary
of the Treasury has paid to the officers of the
Navy more than three million seven hundred
thousand dollars over and above their lawful
salaries. And that the House may understand
more fully what I say, I send to be read at the ,
Clerk's desk the letter forwarded to the Speaker
of the House by the Secretary of the Treasury, i
in response to the resolution offered by the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Trimble,] and adopted by the House on the
17th day of January, 1870.
The Clerk read as follows:
Trkascrt Department,
Fourth Auditor s Office,
January 24, 1870.
Sib: In reply to your inquiry of the 21st instant,
as to " the amount of the annual increase in the pay
of naval officers under general order No. 75, Navy
Department, dated May 23, 1866," and also as to
"the total amount of such increase," I beg leave to
state that the annual increase of the pay of naval
officers under this order was thirty-three and one
third per cent, upon their salaries as fixed by law,
commencing June 1,1866. The total sum paid out
under this order cannot be accurately ascertained in
time for a prompt response to the resolution of Con-
gress of Januarj 17th instant, under which this in-
quiry is made, inasmuch as such an amount of labor
would employ the whole clerical force of this office
a number of months.
But taking the " shore duty pay" as a fair average
of the annual salary paid to naval officers of the
different grades, and multiplying this by the number
of persons in the service entitled to the one third
increase, the whole amount paid out under general
order No. 75, since June 1,1866. to January 1, 1870,
can be approximated sufficiently for any practical
purpose, and is as follows, namely:
Tor 1866, seven months  $649,537 78
For 1867   1,198,909 29
For 1868    1,021,741 31
For 1869  893,793 51
Total.
..$3,763,981 89
Very respectfully,
STEPHEN J. W. TABOR,
Auditor.
Hon. J. M. Brodhead, Second Comptroller.
Mr. MORGAN. Sir, had Anarch usurped
the duties of the Chief Executive of the lie-
public there could not be more of lawlessness,
more of confusion, or a greater disregard of
right than now reigns supreme ia this capital.
Here, Mr. Chairman, we have the fact com-
municated by the Secretary of the Treasury
himself that more than three million seven
hundred thousand dollars have been drawn
from the Treasury upon the order of the Sec-
retary of the Navy in direct violation of law;
that by order of the Secretary of the Navy the
salaries of the officers of the Navy have been
increased one third, and that the Secretary of
the Treasury, upon the order of the Secretary
of the Navy, has invaded the Federal Treas-
ury and dared to draw from the public vaults
$3,700,000 and bestowed it in bounties on the
officers of the Navy. Sir, it is not remarkable
that these continued wrongs have shaken the
confidence of the people in the integrity of
their public agents. If the Secretary of the
Navy c&n draw millions from the Treasury in
violation of law, so can the Secretary of War;
and an army may be subsidized to subvert the
liberties of the people, and the usurpation be
only discovered when it is too late.
But, sir, if the Secretary of the Navy was \
guilty the Secretary of the Treasury is still
more so, for Mr. Boutwell has knowingly
violated the law, and against its provisions has ;
paid out more than eight hundred thousand
dollars upon the simple order of the Navy
Secretary, behind which he now seeks shelter.
Is it not high time, sir, that this lawlessness
should have an end, for lawlessness it is ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I ieel compelled, after
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Morgan,] to yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I simply desire to state the
result of the investigations on the part of the
Committee on Appropriations into this very
matter. Thus far it appears to them that the
whole responsibility cannot rest upon the Sec-
retary of the Navy, because appropriations
have been made by Congress sanctioning this
very thing, and it is an abuse that ought to be
cut off by legislation. I apprehend legislation
is necessary to meet the case. However it
originated, whether, as the gentleman says, by
the order of the Secretary of the Navy, or in
any other manner, it has been continued to
this day by our appropriations to meet it. It
ought to be repealed, and I trust will be.
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask the honorable
gentleman if he observed that the official paper
just read at the Clerk's desk distinctly states
that, upon the order of the Secretary of the
Navy, not by any act passed by Congress, the
salaries of naval officers had been increased
thirty-three and one third per cent, over the
amount fixed by law ?
Mr. DAWES. That is so; but after it was
so increased by the order of the late Secre-
tary of the Navy, Mr. Welles, Congress made
appropriations to meet the requirements of
that order, and in that way legalized it.
Mr. MORGAN. Another question, if the
gentleman pleases. When Congress made the
appropriations to which the gentleman refers
were members here aware of the fact that this
act of usurpation of power had been com-
mitted by the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know how it was
with others; but I confess I was not aware
of it.
Mr. MORGAN. Another question. If Con-
gress was not aware of that fact, how could it
be that an appropriation was made to meet a
measure concerning which Congress knew
nothing ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I must resume the floor.
I now move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing all debate upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ferry
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly Senate bill No. 436, for the
temporary relief of the poor and destitute peo-
ple in the District of Columbia, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. COOK. I now movo that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole upon the pending bill all
debate thereon shall be terminated in three
minutes after its consideration shall have been
resumed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
upon a division—ayes 48, noes 76.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Cook to close debate; and being taken,
the motion was agreed to,
Mr. COOK. I move that the House again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the pending bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Ferry in the
chair, )and resumed the consideration of Senate
bill No. 435, for the temporary relief of the
poor and destitute people in the District of
Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the pending bill must terminate
in three minutes.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] the time allowed
for debate on this bill.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, this debate,
though nominally upon the pending bill for the
relief of the poor and destitute people in this
District, h^s in fact been upon almost every
conceivable subject besides the one before the
committee.
For one, Mr. Chairman, I hope that the
amendments which have been otFured to this
bill will be voted down, for the reason that if
i you make these gratuities come from the Sec-
retary of War they will still have to be dis-
pensed through these same benevolent associa-
tions, or there will be no way to determine who
is and who is not deserving of the assistance
here proposed to be given.
As to the constitutionality of this bill I can see
no difference whether this food is given direct
to these societies for distribution or is doled
out to the recipients of our charity by some
other process. Notwithstanding all the tumult
which has been raised here no gentleman has
yet been able to show that in all the years
during which relief has been extended to the
people of this District any wrong has been done
to anybody, or any misuse has been made of
the money which has been appropriated for that
purpose. I know, for instance, that almost
within a stone's throw of this Capitol there
are women in a starving condition who have
scarcely had a fire in their rooms during this
whole season, and who have subsisted upon a
single meal a day. These people are not
| natives of this District. They have been
driven here by the inhumanity of the slave-
holding populations of Virginia and Maryland,
who, after grinding from them the fruits of
their labor in the day of their strength, have
! driven them here in their weakness and de-
: crepitude to subsist upon charity. Yet gen-
tlemen in this House higgle about "con-
stitutional" questions when these people are
starving.
I The pretense that this fund may be used for
I political purposes is simply ridiculous, because
; no election will take place in this city till next
( June. These disbursements for charitable
purposes will have ceased months before any
1 election can occur.
! Now, Mr. Chairman, I want to say a word
in behalf of one woman who has been distrib-
uting charity to these people. I know that
she has sent into various parts of the country
hundreds of people who have been driven here
' in this way. I know that more than twenty,
J and I think nearly thirty of these persons have
I been sent to the vicinity of my home. She has
! sent them there from this District to give them
a better chance of earning a livelihood than
they can have here. The fact that these peo-
ple when at work in this District cannot earn
more than fifteen or sixteen dollars a month
with which to support themselves and their
families must convince every one acquainted
with the facts that it is almost impossible for
those dependent upon these working people
to subsist in this District. It may not, perhaps,
be the fault of this community.
Sir, I have been surprised that men who
supported the action of Congress in sending
- relief to the starving people of Ireland should
stand up here to oppose granting assistance to
starving people within the sound of this Capi-
tol. I have been surprised to see members of
the Democratic party array themselves in solid
! phalanx against this humane measure. I do
; not know, however, that I ought to be surprised
, that the party who were almost unitedly in
favor of peeling these people in the day of
their strength should be willing to turn them
, out to starve in the day of their weakness.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
, debate has expired.
The fifst question was upon the amendment
