1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
MADISON AND PORTAGE CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. AT WOOD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1526) to extend the time for completing the
railroad between Madisou and Portage City,
and giving construction to the acts of Congress
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in building railroads; which was read a first'
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
SACRAMENTO DRAINAGE, BTC„ CQJIPANY,
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a E. No.
1527) granting the right of way and land to the
Sacramento Drainage, Irrigation, and Navi-
gation Company for the purpose of reclaiming
waste lands in California; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands; and ordered to be
printed. ■ ,
JOHN M'miiAKisr.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
E. No. 1528) to relieve John MeBriarty from
the penalties of desertion; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on' Military Affairs.
GBEAT AND I.I5TLM OSAGE I-ANPS.
Mr. CLARKE introduced a bill (II. E. N o.
1529) for the relief of the inhabitants of cities
and towns upon lands purchased from the
Great and Little Osage Indians by the treaty
of 29th of September, 1865; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PECOS PLACElt MINING COMPANY.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. II. No.
1530) granting the right of way and lands to
the Pecos Placer Mining and Ditching Com-
pany of New Mexico ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
DAKOTA AND MINNESOTA IIAILIIOAPS.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H.Ii.No.1531)
granting lands to aid m the construction of a
railroad and branch road in the Territory of
Dakota, and a certain railroad in the Statp Of
Minnesota; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
SAL AWES OF TERRITORIAL JUDICIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SPINIt also introduced a bill (H. R. No,
1532) changing and modifying the compensa-
tion of United States attorneys, marshals, and
clerks in the several Territories of the United
States ; which ■was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
OilDKR Olf BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for the introduction, of bills and
joint resolutions having been ooneluded, £he
next business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories for the introduc-
tion of resolutions. The callis now being made
in the reverse order of the States and Territo-
ries, and on Monday last rested with the State
of Wisconsin.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I have a bill which I
desire to introduce and have referred,
The SPEAKER. At the conclusion of the
morning hour, if there be no objection, the
Chair will recognize gentlemen for the intro-
duction and reference of bills and joint reso-
lutions.
SALE 01? CADUTS^IPS.
The SPEAKER. The first business under
Ibis call is aresolution offered by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer,] who stated that
he offered it at the request of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna.]
The resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaire
ije instructed to inquire and report'to the House by
•what means and for what reasons Clarence A. Stead-
man,, of the city of Boston, was lately appointed aea-
detat theMilitary Academy at ITostPorat,aau James
K. Kuhnhardt was appointed to the Naval Academy
at Annapolis, and both credited to the sixteenth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania; and that in case
such investigation should involve anypersonor,per-
sons in improper or corrupt practices, the committee
shall notify such person or persons and allow to him'
or them a f H and fair hearing, with permission t.oi
appear and examine and cross-examine, witnesses.
The SPEAKER. The; morning hour, of
Monday last expired during the call of the yeas
and nays upon ordering the main question upon
adopting the resolution. ' The House refused
to order the main question.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to debate this
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it will go over to
Monday next, under the rule.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No, 190) providing for the
safety of passengers on steamboats; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Jlr. LOUGHRIDGE. Upon that question
I pall for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that this
same subject is before the Committee ou Com;
inerce.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The joint resolution was read. The first sec-
tion provides that in sixty days from and after
tho passage of this resolution all fire-pumps,
water-barrels, buckets, and other appliances
required by law for the purpose of extinguish-
ing fires upon steamers plying upon tho Missis-
sippi river and its tributaries, shall be kept in
perfect order and ready for immediate use at
all times and during all seasons of the year,
and that all stoves used on steamers shall be
well and securely fastened to, the decks thereof
with iron bolts. The second section .provides
that it shall be unlawful for such passenger
steamers to carry as freight or use as stores
any nitro-glycerine, ooal oil, crude petroleum,
naphtha, benzine, benzole, or camphene. The
third section provides that the officers and
owners of any of the' foregoing craft violating
the provisions of this joint resolution shall pay
a fine of not less than $1,000 for each and every
offense, one half of which fine to go to the
informer, aud that the United States circuit
and district courts shall have jurisdiction under
this resolution,
The question was taken upon seconding tho
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 45, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Calkin and
My. Lqughridgj; were appointed.
The House ?gain divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 85, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; which
was upon ordering the joint resolutiou to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MAYNARD. This should be in the
form of an act, and should come from the
Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 54, noes 41; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maynard and
Mr. Lougjheidoe were appointed.
The House divided; and the. tellers reported
that there were—.ayes seventy-one, noes not
counted, /
So the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed" and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. - '
REPORT ON GOLD PANIC.
Mr. POMEROY submitted thefollowingres-
olution^ whieh.w^s referred, uo^er the law, to
the Committee on Printing: ' ,
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House, ten thousand copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency and the testimony
relating to the gold panio of September, 1869.
statistics of naval force.
Mr. McCRARY submitted the following res-
olution ; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas, on tke 12th day of February, 18ft), the
House passed the following resolution : •
"Resolved, ThattheSecie.taryofthe Navy be, <wirl
is hereby, directed to inform the House—
"First. The number of officers of each rank now on
the active list of the Navy. '
" Second. The numberof vesselaof each ra^enow in
commission in the Navy, and tho uux&ber anu rate
of vessels laid up for repairs.
" Third. The number and rank of officers 01 the
Navy, if any, -whose services will not be needed in
tho event that the number of men now allowed by
law and the number of ships now in the Navy be not
M Fourth. The whole number of non-commissioned
officers and seamen now in the naval service."
And wliereas no answer lias been veoejvecl to sg-id
resolution': Therefore, "*
Resolved, Thatsaid resolution be again transmitted
to theSecretaryof theNavy, andthatheberequesteu
to furnish to this House theinf9rmation therein called
for at tho earliest date practicable.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr.MoCBABY] will permit me to say that I
believe the Department is now endeavoring to
get this information in shape for presentation
to the House ; but the work requires some lit-
tle time. The information will be furnished very
soon without the passage of this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. McCbauy] insist on the demand for
the previous question ?
Mr. McCRARY. I do.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OPERATION OF THE SINKING FUND.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved. That tho Secretary of tho Treasury bo
requested to report to this House the tabular state-
ment which has been prepared by tho Treasurer of
the United States, showing the operation of tlie
sinking fund in extinguishing tho debt of the war
of the .Revolution and of the war of 1812, up to tho
complete payment of those debt3.
Mr. WELKER. I would suggest to the
gentleman that just such a resolution as this
has already been passed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa insist on ihe. demand for the previous
question?"
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. Jes, sir.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ST. MARl'S FALLS SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. CONGER submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous que s-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and bo
is hereby, directed to cause Brevet Major General
Cram, colonel of tho Engineer corps. United States
Army, to make a report containing plans relating to
the improvement of tho Saint Mary's Falls shii>-
canal, so that there shall be a depth of not less than
fourteen feet of water in the said.cajial, and trans-
mit tho same as soon as possible to this House, the
expenses thereof to be defrayed out of tho appro-
priation for the examination of surveys of rivers and
harbors of the lakes'.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
