1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
of Mr. Slocum, to add to the amendment of
Mr. Lawrence the following:
Provided farther, That 130,000 be appropriated to
the relief of the poor of Brooklyn recently thrown
out of employment in the Brooklyn navy-yard.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes 42, noes 84.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Lawrence, to add to the substi-
tute proposed by Mr. Logax the following:
That the mnuicipal authorities of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown be, and are hereby,
authorized to borrow on the credit of said cities
$50,000 for the support of the poor; and that they
shall be and are authorized to levy and collect all
taxes necessary to repay said sum and interest, and
for the support of the poor hereafter from year to
year.
The amendment was not agreed to ; there
being—ayes 61, noes 76.
The CHAIRMAN. The next question ia
upon agreeing to the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I have modi-
fied my proposition as originally offered. My
present motion is to insert a substitute for the
first section of the bill, which names the per-
sons through whom the money is to be dis-
tributed and the amount appropriated. I pr6-
pose to leave the section with reference to
clothing as a separate proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the first seetion of the bill strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert the following :
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
instructed to make such orders as may be necessary
for feeding the poor of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown until otherwise ordered by the President
of the United States; and that the amount thus to
be expended shall not exoeed the sum of $30,000,
which sum is hereby appropriated for that purpose
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated : Provided, That relief shall be afforded
by the Secretary of Wax under this act only upon
the recommendation of the Washington Association
for the Improvement of the Condition of the Poor, or
the National Freed men's Belief Association, or the
Industrial Home School.
On agreeing to the substitute there were—
ayes 81, noes 58.
Mr. KBLSEY. I call for tellers.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask Whether
this proposition is a substitute for the whole
bill or merely for the first seetion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is a substitute for the
first section.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to explain to the
committee that as I first offered the propo-
sition it was in the form of a substitute for the
whole bill; but 
Mr. KELSEY. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order;
Mr. LOGAN. I know that; bat I hope I
my explain the effect of my proposition, so that
it may not be misunderstood.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
debate?
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir j I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,
no debate is in order. The question is on
ordering tellers.
Tellers were ordered * and Mr. LooaS and
Mr. Hahii/tost were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 67.
So the amendment of Mr. LogaK to the first
section of the bill was adopted.
Mr. COOK. I ask, with the consent of the
committee, that the amendment just adopted
may be made to apply to the second as Well as
the first section.
Mr. LOGAN. I agree t© that if the com-
mittee does not object.
Mr. COOK.. My colleague was misled by
my statement that his amendment need only
be moved to the first seetion. His intention
was that it should apply to the whole bill, and
I see now that it must be made to apply to the
second as well as the first section in order to
be effective. Then the Provident Aid Society
will be intrusted with the duty of certifying to
the Secretary of War the persons deserving
of charity under this bill.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. COOK. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House^
with the recommendation that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
with instructions to report back a bill requir-
ing the proper authorities of this District to
levy a tax sufficient to support its own poor.
Mr. COOK. Is that motion divisible t
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. COOK. Then I ask for a division, so
that we may first have a vote on the motion to
rise and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise and
report the brill cannot be entertained so long
as any amendment is pending, and instruc-
tions to a committee are in the nature of an
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The only vote that can
be taken at this time, then, is on that part of
the motion that the committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 88, noes 32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair,
Mr. FERRY reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, accord-
ing to order, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly Senate bill
No. 485, for the temporary relief of the poor
and destitute people in the District of Colum-
bia, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
62, noes 56.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and twenty minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented,
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition of citizens of
Whitley county, Kentucky, for the abolition of
the franking privilege-
By Mr. AMBLBR: The petition of A. F.
Bray and 32 others, citizens of Sloan's Station,
Jefferson county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph Ellyson and 89
others, citizens of Damascoville, Columbiana
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. AMES: A petition of citizens of
Taunton, Massachusetts, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Alio, a petition of citizens of Swansea, Mas-
sachusetts, to abolish the franking privilege. '
Also, a petition of citizens of Quincy Point,
Massachusetts,to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, apetition ofcitizensofAttleboro, Mas-
sachusetts, to abolish the franking privilege;
Also, a petition of citizens of Hanson, Mas-
sachusetts, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of M.- D.
Cooley and 50 others, citizens of Asper and
vicinity, Livingston county, Missouri, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of Robert
C. Slocum and 26 others, citizens of Colebrook,
Litchfield county, Connecticut, graying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Rufus E. Holmes and
48 others, citizens of West Winstead, Litch-
field county, Connecticut, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William A. Clark and
25 others, citizens of Monroe, Fairfield county,
Connecticut, asking Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of O. H. Wolcott, post-
master, and 60 others, citizens of the town of
Norfolk, Litchfield county, Connecticut, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Niles Scoville, post-
master, and 25 others, citizens of North Corn-
wall, Litchfield county, Connecticut, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Alexander
H. H. Stuart, of Stanton, Virginia, praying for
relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. BENTON: Petitions of the follow-
ing named persons for additional pensions, to
wit, Anna 1). Buzzell, Lydia C. Avery, Sarah
Straw, Betsey Downing, Eliza Dargin, Sanih
I Barrett, Matilda J. Chase.
I By Mr. BIRD : A petition from citizens of
1 Bridgeville, Warren county, New Jersey, for
! the abolition of the franking privilege,
t By Mr. BOOKER: A petition of citizens
1 of Brunswick county, Virginia, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Thomas Mack, of Char-
i lotte county, Virginia, praying for the removal
i of disabilities, &c.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts : The
petitions of N. B. Edwards and 41 others, citi-
zens of North Chelmsford; of James E. Har-
ris and 82 others, citizens of South Acton, and
of Dalton Goulding and 70 others, citizens of
! Sherborn, all in the State of Massachusetts, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: A petition for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege signed by Ben-
jamin Gardner and 81 others, citizens of Bar-
bour county, Alabama.
! Also, the petition of A. P. Wiggs and 51
others, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, all citizens of Dale county, Alabama.
Also, the petition of William H. Wood and 36
others, citizens of Montgomery county, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON : A memorial of Asa
Raymond and 28 others, citizens of Pocasset,
Massachusetts.
Also, a memorial of Richard Arrowsmith
and 50 others, citizens of Truro, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BURCHARD: Memorials of N.
Corwith and others, citizens of Galena.; of
Benson Spensley and others, citizens of Vine-
gar Hill, and of William Bell and others, citi-
zens of Council Hill, Jo Daviess county, Illi-
nois, for the continuance of existing duties on
foreign lead.
Also, petitions of citizens of Warren and
Ashton, Illinois) for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege, signed by citizens of
Schuylkill Haven, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition signed by citizens of Lehigh,
Montgomery, Lancaster, Columbia, Carbon,
and Berks counties, Pennsylvania, and Phil-
lipsburg, New Jersey, representingthirty-seven
furnaces, producing over two hundred and
seventy thousand tons of pig-iron, respectfully
express their belief, based upon personal
knowledge* that the statement of <he_ cost of
producing pig-iron made by the Special Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue will be found
upon a critical examination erroneous, and
if accepted by Congress a most dangerous
guide to legislation.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of HeginS town-
ship, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of East Han-
over, Pennsylvania. .
• By Mr. CESSNA! Five petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of H.
J. Burkett and 30 others, citizens of Redfield,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition tff Hon. C. S. Sage and
79 others, citizens ofWilliamstown, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
