1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
by which the resolution Was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
treedjien's BUREAU.
Mr. ROGERS submitted the following reso-.
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved by the Himse of Ropreienidlivea, That the
Commissioner of the l?reedmen's Bureau be, and ho
is hereby, directed to furnish this House at an oSrly
day with a full and detailed statement of all moneys
drawn from any fund at his control as Commissioner
and turned oyer to or expended on account of How-
ard University and the freedtnen's hospital in the
District of Columbia, whether for land, buildings,
and building materials, rendering aseparate account
of each, both for the university and the hospital,
with the ntimes of thepersons orfirms to which these
paymonts were made, and all moneys paid on Re-
count of the falling of thejirsthospital building; also
what amount of bonds, other than (iovernment bonds,
of any corporate association or associations he has
purchased, and what use or disposition has been
made of the same or any of them; and that in addi-
tion the Commissioner be, and he is hereby, direetod
to turnish this House With copies of all contracts and
accompanying specifications for the erection of the
buildings on the university grounds and upon tho
grounds occupied by the freedmen's hospital.
The previous question was not seconded.
_ Mr. JENCKES. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER; Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over.
TAXATION AND TARIFF.:
Mr. HAY submitted thefollowin£resolutibn,
on which he demanded tlie previous question :
Resolved, That it is the senso of this House that
our present system of taxation is exorbitant and
needlessly burdensome, and that a reduction of tax-
ation is demanded, both of tariff and internal taxes,
to the lowest amount consistent with raising revenue
sufficient to meet the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment, to discharge the interest of the national
debt, and to maintain the national credit; and that a
tariff for revenue with duties properly adjusted
must necessarily afford all the advantage to Which
any interest is entitled.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
4-1, noes 63.
Mr. HGLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hat and Mr.
Blaib were appointed.
Mr. WARD. Cannot we have a division of
the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not on seconding the
demand for the previous question, but on the
question on the adoption of the resolution it
will be divisible.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 68.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HAYNAllD. I rise to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Then, under the rule, the
resolution will go over.
Mr. MAYNARD. May I inquire when the
resolution will come up, so that I may prepare
myself to discuss it ?
The SPEAKER. To that the Chair cannot
give a definite answer. It will come up some
time before the 4th of March, 1871, is as defi-
nite an answer as the Chair can make.
PRINCIPLES OF TAXATION.
Mr. MARSHALL submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That tho present depressed condition of
the business and the various industrial interests of
the country demand of Congress prompt action in
relieving the people of all burdens of taxation not
nbsolntely necessary to provide for the wants of the
Government economically administered; and that in
reforming existing tariff laws legislation should be
based upon these principles:
1. That no duty should be imposed on any article
above tlie lowest rate which will yield the largest
amount of revenue;
1'. That the maximum revenue duty should lie im-
posed on luxuries; and
3. That, the duty should be so imposed as to operate
as equally as possiblothroughout theUnion, discrim-
inating neither for nor aeamst any class or section.
Mr. HOLMAN. To test the sense of the
House on that resolution I move that it bo laid
on the table, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays. I shall myself vote against
the motion, to lay on the table.
Mrt RANDALL. Is it possible to have a
division of that resolution ?
_ The. SPEAKER. It will be when theques1
tion comes up on the adoption of the reso-
lution.
Mr. UaNDALL. I give notice I shall ask
for such a division.
The y6a$ and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it Was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, naj'S 119, Hot -voting
63; as follows : , ' "
YBAS'-Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Aj-er,- Banks,
Bennett, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Benjamin if. Butier, Cessna, Dawes, Ma, Fisher, Gil-
liUan, Hamilton, Harris, lloar, Hose, Jcnckcs.Kel-
sey, Maynard, Mc&ee, Daniel J. Morrell, Neffley,
p;Noill, faclrcr, i'eroo, Hoots, Sargent, Scohela,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Stoughtoa,
Strickland, Tillman, Ward, and Willard—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Atwood, Barnum, Beatty, Benjamin, Bird, Boles,
Boyd, James Brooks, Bumnton, Burchard, Burdett,
Burr, Calkin, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Conger, Crcbs, CuUom, Dickey, Dick-
inson, Boekery, Donley, Dox, Bldridge, Ferrisa,
1 erry, i'jnkcliiburjr, Intcli, Gariield, Getz, Griswold,
ilaight, Haldeman, lfale, Hawkins, flawioy. Hay,
Hays, Hetim, Hill, llolman, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Lafiin, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
Mayham,McCarthy, McOormick, McCrary, McKen-
zie, McNeely, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers,
Niblack, Ortli, Packard, Paine, Peters, Pomeroy,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers,
Sawyer, Schenek.Sehumaker, Shanks, Sberrod,Slo-
cum, John A. bmith, Worthington 0. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Btilcs, Stokes, Stone,
Strader. Strohg, Taffo, 'fanner, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, VanTrump,Voorhees.CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, WilliamB.Washburn, Welker,Wells, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—119.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames. Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Beaman, Beck, Benton, Biggs, Bingham,
Booker, Bowen, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb, Covodo, CowJ.cs, Cox, Davis,
Dixon, Duval, Dyer, lfarnSworth, Fox, Gibson,
Hambleton, ;Hamill, fleuton, Hooper, llotehkiss,
Thomas L. Jones, J ulian, Kejiogg, Knapp, Lawrence,
Lynch, McGrew. Merour, Milnes.Eliakim II.Moore,
Morrissey, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Prosser, Reading, Satti'ord, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Smyth, Swann, Sweeney,
Townsend, Twichell, Van Auken, Vau Horn. Van
Wyck, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—-63.
So the House refused to lay tlie resolution
on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the House refuses to
second the demand for the previous question,
will it not be in order to move to refer it to
tho Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to make that motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 81.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that tho resolution
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and on that demanded the previous
question.
Mr. BROOKS, of Hew York. Is not this
a resolution of instruction to the Committee
of Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. It is not a directory reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The morning hour then expired.
MESSAGE EllOU THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin',
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 64G) providing for
payment of the expenses of the delegation of
the eastern Cherokees, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
TAPERS TO BE PRINTED.
Mr* DAWES, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported back certain papers; which
were recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
IIIE LAtg EDWIN M. STANTON.
Mr.: DAWES. I ask leave to report from
the Committee oft Appropriations.a joint res-
olution appropriating to the widow and chil-
dren of the late ld,win M. Sttaton, for their
"use, a sum egilal to one year's salary ,oF an
associate justice of the Supreme Court of th'e
United States.
Mr, VAN TRUMP. I rise to a point of
order. This joint resolution makes an appro-
priation and ought to go to tho Committee of
the Whole. , .
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Va>j Trump] object to its coining
before the House ?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I do.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
that this joint resolution may be put on its pas-
sage without reference to the Committee of tho
Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a joint resolution (11.
R. No. 191) appropriating to the widow and
children of the late Edwin M. Stanton, for
their use, a sum equal to one year's salary of
an associate justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides,
that in consideration of the distinguished ser-
vices and untimely death of Hon. Edwin M.
Stanton, there shall be paid, out of any money
in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to his widow for the use of herself and his chil-
dren, a sum equal to one year's salary of an
associate justice of the Supreme Court of tho
United States, to which office he had been
appointed at the time of his death.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The question was on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Would it be in order to
demand a separate division on the preamble V
Mr. DAWES. There is no preamble.
Mr. MUNGEN". I thought the portion re-
ferring to the " distinguished services" of the
deceased was a preamble.
The SPEAKER. The question is not divis-
ible.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 31, not
voting 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Barnum, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bennett, Blair, Boles, Boyd, . George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton,Burcliard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Kodcriek 11. Butler, Cesbna.
Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cullom. DavK
Dawes, Doekery, Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gariicirf, Hale, Ham-
ilton, Harris, llawley, Hays. Heaton, llefiin, Hill,
Hoar, Iioge, Ilooper, Inercrsoll, Jenckes. Alexander
II. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg,Kclsoy, Ketcb:ua,
Lafiin, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Ma.yna.rd, McCarthy,
McCrary, McKee, MeKenzie, Jesse H. Mooiv,
William Moore. Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill.
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, ilandail.
Pvoots, Sanlord, Sargent. Sawyer, Schenck, Sohu-
maker, Scoiield,Shanks, LionelA. Sheldon,fcloejun,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, "William
walader C. Washburn, William B. Wi^blmrn,
Welker, Wheeler. Wilkinson, Willard, \liliiaim>,
Eugene M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson M*TV ,
NAYS—Messrs. Beck, Bird, Burr, Calkm. Dick-
inson, Box, Eldridge, (-reta, Griswold, Ilaight,
Haldeman, Hawkins, Johnson, kerr, Ivnott, Mar-
