1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2877
same thing, covering the same ground, and
reaching the same result in every respect.
That is the purpose I desire to accomplish by
my amendment, which appears to me to be a
just one. To deny it, I think, would in many
cases work great hardship upon inventors.
Mr. JENCKES. So tar as it is just it is
met by the present language of the bill.
Mr. KERR, What part, of the bill?
Mr. JENCKES. Section thirty-four.
Mr. KERR. I do not so understand it.
Mr. JENCKES. There is a great mass of
rejected applications in the office of the Com*
missioner ot' Patents. The Committee on Pat-
ents have heretofore acted upon the principle
that the rights of the parties in these applica-
tions should be preserved and not impaired by
legislation. It tnav be that the person who
first applied for a patent is rightfully entitled
to it; and if so he should receive the patent.
But there should be a limitation to the time
within which he should be allowed lo prosecute
his claim. We have prescribed the limit of
two years from the time of the passage of thia
act, and if his claim is not prosecuted within
that time he shall be deemed to have aban-
doned it. There may be some cases where
the claims have been in fact abandoned ; if so,
then they ought not to be revived, and hence
the provision at the end of section thirty-four
held of this act, that" this provision shall not be
to have revived any application heretofore in
fact abandoned." That meets the gentleman's
case. If the claim is abandoned in fact, then
no patent can issne; or if issued no rights can
be enforced upon such patent.
Mr. KERR. There may be different and
inconsistent decisions.
Mr. JENCKES. We provide for a remedy
in the courts by a trial of the question there.
It cannot be settled satisfactorily by legislative
definition.
Mr. KERR. On that point I agree with the
gentleman.
Mr. JENCKES. We have heard all these
parties upon the question, and we find that
they agree upon no set phrase of words, nor
even upon any definite idea. The question is
one which must be left to the decision of the
courts, like the question what is public use, and
matters of that kind. We have provided the
most ample remedy in the courts to settle in
whatthefactof abandonment shall consist. We
have declined even to indicate an opinion oft
the subject, or to recommend any rule of evi-
dence in regard to it. Hertce my objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I wish to see this question settled
where it ought to be settled, in the courts of
the United States. I think the gentleman
should be satisfied with the language of the bill
as it is, and should not insist on incorpbrating
a provision which must involve a great deal
of conflict between private parties and lead to
injury and wrong.
There is one other amendment pending, that
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Cleveland.] The section which he proposes
to strike out is one which I was very reluctant
to see inserted in the bill. Such a provision
has been incorporated in the patent laws of
almost every other country, and according to
the reports made before us has been found to
work well in every instance. Although the
provision is foreign to the original principle of
our patent laws, yet when we came to hear the
patent solicitors, the parties transacting busi-
ness with the Patent Office or trying patent
cases in the courts, we found them unanimously
recommending the adoption of this section;
and we deferred to the general judgment of
these men as those most interested. The pro-
vision had thus the weighty indorsement of all
these competent persons. I will frankly say
that one reason which influenced me most de-
cidedly in its favor was that it will tend to weed
out a number of useless patents before the
expiration of the full term for which they are
originally granted.
Mr. HOAIt. Will tho gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. HOAIl. The gentleman will permit me
to preface my question by a brief statement.
It seems to me that the effect of this section is
to increase the price of every valid patent that
may run through its terra from thirty-five to
one hundred and ten dollars, although at the
end of the first seven years the patentee may
just have got his patent vindicated by law, may
just have begun to realize any return from it.
Now, would not the object contemplated be
accomplished nearly as well, while avoiding
this great additional burden on the inventor,
by a simple provision that within three months
of the expiration of the period specified some
person owning an interest in the patent shall
make an application for itscontinuance, accom-
panying it with a fee of five dollars? That
would rfequire the solemn act of the inventor
showing his estimate of the value of his patent,
and it would require a payment of money,
though not such an amount as to be burden-
some.
Mr. JENCKES. Some provision of that
kind might be as effective as this, but it is the
same thing in nature and principle.
Mr. HOAR. To the man who pays the
money it is hardly " the same thing iri nature
and principle" whether he pays five or one
hundred and ten dollars.
Mr. JENCKES. The only difference is one
of degree, not of kind. It is the principle of
the thing that we have to decide upon.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentletnan consent
that such a provision as I have indicated may
be offered as an amendment?
• Mr. JENCKES. It Cannot be offered under
the rules, becanse the previous question has
.been seconded.
Mr. HOAR. There will be no objection if
the gentleman does not object.
Mr. JENCKES. I think we had better take
the vote squarely upon the section. It is a pro-
. vision which was not added by the committee
upon their own judgment of its efficiency, but
1 upon the judgment of other persons. We have
i been convinced by the weight of testimony and
j argument presented to us on that subject, and
hence we support it here.
Mr. MYERS. If my colleague on the com-
mittee will permit me, I would like to offer, by
way of compromise, an amendment to fix tho
salary of the librarian of the Patent Office at
$2,200, Vhich is half way between the salary
now allowed by law and the amount originally
proposed in the bill.
i Mr. JENCKES. I presume there would be
objection.
, Mr. MYERS. I think not.
Mr. JENCKES. Of course I would have
ho objection to the proposition.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer such an amendment.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not agree with the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland]
or the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. j
Hoar] that the payment of this additional fee
will be a very grievous burden upon the pat- ,
entee. At the end of seven years from the !
issuing of a patent its value has generally been
determined, and where it had been introduced
into practical use this additional payment will
be made by the licensees or grantees of the
patentee, not by the inventor himself. The
case would bo the same at the end of twelve
years.
I do not propose this amendment with a
view of obtaining revenue from inventions. I
do not think this Patent Office, though self-
sustaining, should be any nfiore than self-sus-
taining ; and if it be practicable with the proper
transaction of that office to reduce the fees, I ;
propose to offer a bill for the purpose of such
reduction, and to reduce them where the re- !
duction is most needed in the first steps of
obtaining a patent. If reduced there they may
well be increased at some subsequent time,
when the inventor is obtaining the benefits ot
his patent.
Mr. Speaker, there are some general con-
siderations upon the subject of the patent laws
which I wish to present to the House before
' asking a vote upon the passage of this bill.
The Patent Office was constituted not only
fbr the purpose of granting patents for merito-
rious inventions but for the protection of the
public against spurious inventions—the unjust
claims of speculators trading in inventions.
Hence the employment of a corps of skilled
examiners and the careful investigation of the
merits of each particular application for a
patent.
This constitution of the office has two results.
It causes the rejection of the worthless and
fraudulent claims, now about one out of four,
five thousand out of twenty thousand in each
year; and it also enhances the value of those
that are allowed and granted, giving thein
weight as evidence in all courts and contro-
versies.
Recognizing the value of inventions to the
State, and the want of technical knowledge
and of skill in the use of language on the part
of inventors, our patent laws have provided
for the most tender and careful consideration
of the cases stated in the petitions of inventors,
j They are first referred and considered by a
| primary examiner in the class to which the
| invention belongs. If he rejects the claim for
\ want of novelty he must give the references
[ to prior inventions upon which his decision is
I based, and the applicant is entitled to a second
: hearing before this examiner, and to make any
modification of his claim that he thinks right
and proper. If he is again rejected he may
appeal from the decision of the examiner to the
board of examiners-in-chief, officers selected
for their legal and scientific knowledge, ap-
pointed by the President and confirmed by the
Senate, and if their decision should be adverse
he may again appeal to the Commissioner in per-
son. There are in fact three appeals allowed
within the Patent Office. But notwithstanding
all these hearings, original and appellate, the
adverse decision to the petition may still be
wrong. If so, how shall it be revised? This
has been one of the most serious questions pre-
sented to the committee. The present law
allows a proceeding in the nature of an appeal
from the adverse decision of the Commissioner
to either of the judges of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia. But the judge in such
case does not aet as a court; he is merely a super-
visory commissioner pro hac vice, and if he
reverses the decision of the Commissioner and
allows the patent, his decision has no weight as
a judicial authority, but the patent thus obtained
has less weight in the courts than one granted by
the office, as it has the judgment of the several
scientific tribunals within the office against it,
and merely the opinion of an unskilled person,
although a judge, in favor of it. This is a pro-
ceeding without analogy in any other Depart-
ment of the Government, and is ft wide depart-
ure from the principles upon which the Exieeu-
tive Departments and their bureaus were con-
stituted, and the result has been to disturb and
render inharmonious the decisions of that
bureau, which of all others should be inost
consistent and symmetrical. On tho other
hand, if the claim as asked for is passed by the
primary examiner there is no provision for a
review of his decision within the office, and the
public may be made to suffer from his ignorance
or indolence in allowing without proper scru-
tiny the most broad and comprehensive claims.
That there should be a supervision over the
action of the office is conceded, and the real
question is, when should th$t supervision cease
to be executive merely and become judicial;
when should the contested questions pass out
of the executive power and come withiu the
judicial power of the United States? Sooner
