1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8821'
paying over this money to those who have been
actually rebels and traitors.
I wish now to say a word in reply to what
my friend from Ohio has said about the effect
of a pardon, and to his position that we can-
not direct the Supreme Court to reverse 'a
judgment of the Court of Claims. I beg leave
to differ from him. No pardon can take money
| out of the Treasury of the United States. It
| takes an act of Congress to do that, whether a
man has been pardoned or not; and we, in
r authorizing the Court of Claims to take money
F out of the Treasury of the United States, are
not speaking of what is called a constitutional
court, a body of men that the Constitution says
shalltry^and decide causes, butwe are speaking
of special agents of our own, upon whom we
may confer justas much and just as little as we
please, upon just such limitations and rules of
evidence, anddirections as to how they shall
decide in a given state of facts as we please ;
and then when we authorize parties to appeal
from that court, not a constitutional court, to
the Supreme Court, we may, by the same right,
direct how the Supreme Court shall proceed in
the given case in the exercise of a jurisdiction
; which is merely appellate from this conferred
jurisdiction, which is to result in the end in
the question (not as to any right between man
and man) whether we will consent that certain
action shall be followed by the payment of
money out of the Treasury.
There is then no foundation for the objection
of the Senator from Ohio that there is a clause
here which says that if it appears that one of
these eases is already in the Supreme Court or
goes there, where the party appears by the
proofs to be standing upon a pardon instead of
standing upon loyalty, they shall send the case
back to the Court of Claims.
1 have said all I wanted to say, and I take
my seat, merely expressing the hope that if
we do anything we shall do something that is
worth having.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, not upon
any pecuniary consideration, but totally irre-
spective of the amount of money that may be
drawn from the Treasury of the United States,
whether thai amend mentis rejected or adopted.
I am opposed to it upon the principle that it is
an attempt by the legislation of Congress to
restrict the effect and the operation of a pardon.
The power to pardon is vested by the Constitu-
tion in the President, and Congress can pass
no law that will restrict the power and the
right of the President to exercise the pardon-
ing power, or that will restrict the operation
and effect of a pardon after he has granted it.
Now, sir, what is the main principle which
the Supreme Court have decided in the case,
their opinion in which the honorable Senator
from Missouri brings here? It is that where a
man has been charged with the commission of
a crime or where he may have committed a
crime and received the pardon of the Presi-
dent, he is made a new man. and that no guilt
and none of the consequences of guilt in the
form of punishment, pecuniary or personal or
in any other mode, can be visited upon him
after the pardon has been granted by the Presi-
dent. That is the principle, and that is the
principle of pardon as it was understood by the
common law at the time the present Constitu-
tion was adopted. The Constitution adopted
the power of pardon just as it existed by the
common law and the effects of a general oar-
don as those effects resulted from the common
law; and the power of pardon to that full and
unrestricted extent was vested by the Constitu-
tion in the President, and when the President
has granted an unconditional and a general
pardon, all the cffcets of removing crime and
every stain and every consequence of crime,
and of recreating the citizen charged with crime
anew that resulted under the common law,
result under the act of pardon by the President
of the United States.
Now, what is the main purpose of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri in offering this
proposition? It is to restrict by legislation
the effect and the consequences and the fruits
of pardon to the person pardoned, and his
amendment proposes to restrict it in a three-
fold form.
In the first place, a man charged with crime
and having committed crime and having
received a full and unconditional pardon from
the President in the exercise of the pardoning
power is to have no status in the Court of
Claims ; he is not to be permitted to institute
and maintain a suit in the Court of Claims.
If the Court of Claims has decided against a
man occupying that predicament and he has
appealed from the judgment of the Court of
Claims to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and that appeal is pending in the
Supreme Court of the United States, by the
effect and operation of the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri, and one of the pur-
poses which he intends it shall have is to re-
quire the Supreme Court to dismiss the appeal.
He intends that it shall have another effect,
that if the Court of Claims has decided against
a claimant who has been vulnerable to acharge
of treason, and from its judgment in opposition
to his right and his claim he has appealed to
the Supreme Court, and the case is pending
in the Supreme Court, he having received the
benefit of an unconditional pardon before his
suit was brought, or afterward, if you please,
and by the effect of the pardon having been
made a new man, having been made as spot-
less and as pure in court as though he had
never committed a crime or had never been
charged with crime—though this bo the legal
effect of his pardon in all courts, the honorable
Senator's amendment is intended to arrest
these constitutional effects of the act of pardon
by the President, to disqualify a man who has
received a full pardon from maintaining his
suit, both in the Court of Claims and in the
Supreme Court of the United States.
It goes still another step. If such uraan
has by the judgment of the Supreme Court
reversed an adverse judgment against him in
the Court of Claims, and there stands a final
and absolute judgment of the court in his favor
that" he shall recover of the United States the
amount of the claim which he has made against
the Government, although the Supreme Court
have decided that finally and absolutely, if he
has been vulnerable to the charge of treason,
notwithstanding he may have received an ab-
solute and unconditional and full pardon from
the President, the money upon this judgment
of the Supreme Court shall not be naid to
him. •
Now, sir, I contend that the Congress of
the United States lias no competency to pass
a law having anyone of these threefold effects ;
and yet the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri is intended to restrict the
rights of a pardoned citizen in the Court of
Claims, in the Supreme Court, and in the
reception of money under the final judgment
of the Supreme Court if he has committed
the crime of treason, although he may have
received a full and unconditional executive
pardon for that crime.
Now, the simple question is, has Congress
any authority to pass a law thus restrictive of
the pardoning power? Has Congress any con-
stitutional authority to pass a law that will thus
deprive a citizen fully pardoned of some of
the most essential benefits of that pardon ? I
maintain that Congress has no such power.
The power of pardon, as it existed under the
common law, is vested in the President by the
Constitution of our country. There it reposes.
He alone has discretion to exercise it. He
cannot be controlled in that discretion. When
he has exercised it, and has granted a full and
absolute pardon to a person implicated in the
charge, although that person's guilt may have
been blood stained, although it may have been
of the deepest and most horrid character, the
universal principle of law is that all those
crimes and those stains are removed; he is
recreated; he is made as pure and spotless,
according to the judgment of the law,as though
he had never committed any crime; and he has
every right to sue in the Court of Claims, tad
to prosecute a suit from the Court of Claims
by appeal to the Supreme Court, and to I'eceire
money from' the Treasury, that any citizen-in
the land, however stainless and innocent such
citizen may be, has.
The plain and obvious effect of the amend-
ment of my sagacious and astute friend from
Missouri, who is so well acquainted with the
principles of constitutional law and of common
law, is that in all these respects the pardoning
power of the President shall be restricted by
enactment of Congress; that in all these re-
spects the rights with which the person par-
doned was reinvested by the President of the
United States shall be limited by act of Con-
gress. A person pardoned is entitled to all the
Immunities, all the civil rights, all the rights to
sue, and all the rights to receive money upon a
judgment in his favor in any court whatever,
to the same extent as the honorable Senator
who now occupies the chair, [Mr. Howard,] or
any citizen of the United States.
Now, sir, I say that this is plainly an uncon-
stitutional aggression by Congress upon the
power of the Executive. It is a plain and pal-
pable aggression upon the effects and the con-
sequences of pardon when pardon has once
been granted by the President, who alone is
clothed with the exercise of that power. Has
Congress any authority whatever to restrictthis
pardoning power in the President before it is
exercised ? Has it any power to restrict the
effects of pardon after it has been exercised 1
Has it any power to impose upon the courts of
the country an obligation to acknowledge its
attempt to restrict the operation of a pardon in
interdicting a party who has received the benefit
of a pardon from going into any court? I say
not. It would involve this absurdity : that after
a man had received a full and absolute pardon
for a crime Congress, by its acts, could still visit
some of the penal consequences of that crime
for which he had been pardoned upon him, by
interdicting him from the courts of the United
States, or by interdicting him from the receipt
of money which the judgment of the courts of
the United States had decided he was entitled
to demand from the Treasury and its officers.
It is only necessary, in my judgment, to state
the proposition that its unconstitutionality, its
utter inadmissibility and untruth may strike
the mind of any lawyer. It is simply this:
after the President, (who has the power to
sweep away all the consequences of guilt, the
legal existence of guilt, all the punishment in
any sort of forfeiture or disability resulting
from guilt,) has swept away all these conse-
quences, every form of punishment or disabil-
ity that can possibly be visited upon a person
who has committed crime, shall Congress
usurp the power of so far interfering with the
prerogative of pardon and the effect of par-
don when granted as to reimpose any portion
of those punishments and disabilities upon the
delinquent who has been pardoned ? if they
have a right to reinstate a part, they have a
right to reinstate the whole. They have no
right to reinstate any. That is an executive
function vested in the President by the Con-
stitution. Congress has no competency what-
ever to interfere with it, and whenever it
attempts to interfere by legislation in the
form of this amendment or it) any other form,
the effect of which is to shackle or to obstruct
the President in the exercise of the power, or
to restrict the full immunity, the full freedom
from all crime and all guilt, and the conse-
quences of all crime and guilt of th6 person
charged with an offense who has been par-
doned, the attempt is proscribed by the Con-
stitution ; it is futile; and even if given the
form of law, it would be void under the Con-
stitution, and would fall before the supreme
power of that fundamen'tal law.
