990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Also, the petition of Benjamin Tanner and
40 others, citizens of Oneida Lake, New York,
for t.he abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Henry D. Dubois and
78 others, citizens of Scriba, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, against any reduction
of the rate of import duty on foreign lead.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
of Rose, Wayne county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sempronius,
New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Owasco, New
York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wolcott, New
York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Rose,
New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Huron, New
York, for the same object.
By Mr. CULLOM: A large number of peti-
tions signed by many citizens of the different
counties in the eighth congressional district of
Illinois, asking Congress to repeal all laws
authorizing the use of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Alex-
ander Sims, late private of company G, thirty-
sixth regiment of Wisconsin infantry, asking
for a pension.
Also, the petition of James Bolinand others,
citizens of West Lodi, Seneca county, Ohio,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of M. J. Bogan,
deputy postmaster, and 20 others, citizens of
Alabama, residing near Cedar Bluff post office,
for abolishment of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George W. Graham,
deputy postmaster, and 33 others, citizens of
Alabama, residing in or near Stevenson, Ala-
bama, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: A petition of
citizens of Aurora, Illinois, in favor of pre-
payment of postage on printed matter.
Also, sundry petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: A memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, praying for an appropria-
tion for the harbor at Du Luth, at the west end
of Lake Superior.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Daniel Baum,
Peter S. Hill, postmaster, and 45 citizens of
Temple, Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 42 citizens of Tuckerton,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Stony Run,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of Carrlsville, Clarion county, Pennsylvania,
praying the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of same county,
of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rome town-
ship, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition of citizens of the borough
of Cambridge, Crawford county, Pennsylvania,
of like import.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of Alfred
Van Hise and 71 others, of the county of
Ocean, and Elnathan S. Field and 93 others,
of the county of Monmouth, State of New
Jersey, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. HAMILL: Five petitions of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOAR: Petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege as follows: Levi Ham-
mond and others, of Charlton; S. W, Arming-
ton and others, of Holden; L. C. Tharste  and
others, of Leicester; H. C. Kimball and others,
of Blackstone; F. H. Kinnicutt and others, Ste-
phen Salisbury and others, F. A. Eldred and
others, George M. Carlisle and others, pharles
L. Putnam and others, John C. White and
others, Harrison Bliss and others, of Worces-
ter, Massachusetts.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of F. Kyle,
George B. Zempleman, and A. R. Morris, to
be relieved from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of M. H. Bowers, of Texas,
to be relieved from political disabilities.
By Mr. KELLOGG: A petition of the Meri-
den Cutlery Company, of Meriden, Connecticut,
against the increase of duty on steel, and for
reduction of the same.
Also, petitions of the Middletown Tool Com-
pany and Hubbard Hardware Company, of
Middletown, Connecticut, against increase of
said duty, and for reduction of the same.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of M. P.
Alpha, F. Falkenburg. and 275 others, citi-
zens of Charlestown, Clark county, Indiana,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the memorial of Edward Roland and
10 others, citizens of Natchez, Indiana, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCH AM: Petitions of Silas
Rogers and 89 others, of Stanfordville ; of
Hon. A. W. Palmer and 29 others, of Amenia;
of F. I. Jackson and 38 others, of Hughson-
ville; and of Isaac F. Russell and 38 others,
of Rhinecliff, New York, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
East Meredith, Delaware county, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Stamford, same
county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Meredith, tome
county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Andes, same
county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Croton, same
county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Kort-
right, same county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Moresville,
same county, for the same purpose. -
Also, a petition of citizens of North Walton,
same county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Roxbury, same
county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Ham-
den, same county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Partridge
Island, same county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Garrattsville,
Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Spring-
field, Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Springfield
Center, Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Middlefield
Center, Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Schuyler's
Lake, Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of the village of
Otsego, Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of the town of
Otsego, Otsego county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Guilford,
Chenango county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of McDonough,
same county, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Afton, same
county, for the same purpose.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Rudolph
Menadier, for pay as an Army officer.
Also, the petition of John Q. Adams, for
pay as signal officer for a period when he served
as such without a commission.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of Elisha
M. Luckett, late second lieutenant company
B, second regiment Pennsylvania volunteers
of the war with Mexico, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Daniel
Hampton, company F, third regiment mounted
infantry, praying for pay and bounty.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of John W.
Basin and 46 others, of Broadway Depot and
vicinity, in Rockingham county, Virginia, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, one from William G. Thompson and
37 others, of Virginia, for the same purpose.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 38 citizens
of Orange, Columbia county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
; ilege.
Also, a petition of 15 citizens of Monroe
Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 22 citizens of Coltey, Sul-
livan county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 80 citizens of Barclay,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORGAN : The petition of James
M. Jeffries, of King and Queen county, Vir-
ginia, asking for the removal of political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey : A petition
of citizens of Malaga, New Jersey, asking for
protection to American industry and reduction
of tax on the necessaries of life.
Also, a petition of citizens of Absecom,
Leed's Point., Manumuskin, Glassboro, Town-
send Inlet, and Rio Grande, New Jersey, fer
the total abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Charlotte
county, Virginia, for the same object.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
J. F. Brown and 70 others, citizens of Tupper's
Plains, Meigs county, Ohio, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. N. Hendry and 44
others, of Harrisonville, Meigs county, Ohio,
for same.
Also, the petition of C. D. Dalby and 38
Others, of Antioch, Monroe county, Ohio, for
same.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Wil-
liam Jacobs and 60 others, of Oakland, Spen-
cer county, Indiana, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of the citi-
zens of Walkerton, Indiana, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the professors and stu-
dents of the University of Notre Dame, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. POLAND: Petitions of ex-Gov-
ernor Rvland Fletcher and others, of Proctors-
ville, Vermont; J. F. Kelly and others, of
North Chester, Vermont; Frank R. King and
others, of Guilford, Vermont; Horace Thomp-
1 son and others, of Cavendish, Vermont; John
Colby and others, of Union Village,Vermont;
D. C. Wilmot and others, of Ompompanoosuc,
Vermont, and O. C. Fitts,and others of West
Wardsborough, Vermont.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of L.
Howard and 153 others, of Shell Rock, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
1 By Mr. READING: Two petitions from
citizens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 43 citizens, of Centre
. Bridge, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the
! abolition of the franking privilege. _
Also, a petition of 18citizens of Philadelphia,
i Pennsylvania, that a specific duty of not less
| than twenty-five cents per pound be levied on
; all importations of foreign books that enter into
! competition with American labor.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Bensalem,
Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
1 of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE: The papers accompanying
; the petition of Johnson A. Dawson, of Pow< H
; county, Kentucky, praying for the allowanc'
! of his claim for services as a carrier of ue
United States mail. .
Also, the petition of John Grimston and 14
i others, citizens of Philadelphia, praying that
