3822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I agree with
a remark made by the Senator from Vermont,
that in the consideration of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri we
ought to proceed with care, and ascertain defi-
nitely what we are doing before we commit
ourselves to any such action. Now, the evil
which is proposed to be remedied by the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri is a
defect in the law which has been brought to
light by a recent decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States. That decision I
understand to have been given by a unanimous
court, and the probability is that the decision
is a correct statement of existing law; so that
as the law now is the Senator from Missouri
has discovered an evil which he thinks ought
to be remedied. The evil is this: that as the
law now is, as established by the Supreme
Court, all persons concerned in the rebellion
who have received amnesty, either general or
special, for their participation in that rebellion,
may have standing in the Court of Claims, and
thereby the settled policy of Congress may be
overturned and the Treasury be very greatly
depleted.
If this be the true effect of. the decision of
the Supreme Court, if such be the law as set-
tled by that decision, then I think there is a
defect, and legislation is needed to remedy it.
But while I think so, I think also that there is
danger lest in adopting the amendment in its
present broad phraseology, or even as pro-
posed to be amended by the Senator from
Illinois, we do not plunge ourselves into a
worse evil than the one which the Senator
from Missouri supposes he has discovered.
There are two classes of persons who par-
ticipated in the rebellion who may be consid-
ered in a manner as the subjects of amnesty;
one class quite limited in extent, the subjects
of a lawful amnesty, in my judgment, an am-
nesty authorized by act of Congress and pro-
claimed by President Lincoln; and another
much more extensive class, the subjects of the
unlawfully proclaimed amnesty of President
Johnson, an amnesty proclaimed after the act
of Congress authorizing the President to issue
such a proclamation had been repealed. If
the decision of the Supreme Court embraces
within its scope the class of persons who were
embraced within the amnesty proclamations of
President J ohnson, then, in my judgment, that
evil ought to be remedied.
But, sir, I must say, when I consider the
legislation of Congress in reference to this sub-
ject. of amnesty during the war, and the pro-
clamations of President Lincoln based upon
that legislation, 1 should consider either the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, or the same as proposed to be amended
by the Senator from Illinois, as bad faith to
those citizens who availed themselves of the
opportunity afforded by the legislation of Con-
gress and the amnesty proclamation in accord-
ance therewith by President Lincoln ; for, sir,
what was the condition of things? The Court
of Claims existed; the war was flagrant; it
was the desire of Congress to withdraw from
the support of the rebellion as largo a number
of persons who were implicated therein, either
in great or small degree, as possible. Congress,
therefore, passed a law especially authorizing
the President of the United States to proclaim
absolute amnesty to persons thus implicated
who would avail themselves of that amnesty in
accordance with the terras of his proclamation.
What was the legal effect of the amnesty thus
proclaimed by the President by authority of
Congress and accepted by the persons who
chose to avail themselves of it? Was it not
to place them precisely upon the same footing
ivith every loyal man in the United States?
Did not both the legislative and the executive
departments of the Government by that act
say to every person who in 1863, the date of
the President's proclamation of a-mnesty, was
implicated in the rebellion, "If you will lay
down your arms and accord with the terms
prescribed bylaw and by the proclamation, you
stand upon the footing of loyal men if you
commit no more offenses against the law in the
future." I take it that that was the true, full,
complete, absolute scope of the legislation of
Congress and of the amnesty proclamation of
President Lincoln.
Now, sir, the proposition is to take back
what Congress authorized and the President
proclaimed by these amnesty proclamations of
President Lincoln. The proposition is that a
portion of the rights to which those persons
who availed themselves of that legislation and
that amnesty were restored, by the very terms
thereof, shall be taken back from them again,
without any new offense.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. PERRY. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. ■ Allow me to suggest that
perhaps that view may be materially affected
by the past, which has perhaps escaped the
Senator's recollection at the moment, that this
requirement in the law of Congress of loyalty
to the Government as the foundation of a status
of any individual in the Court of Claims pre-
ceded the amnesty of President Lincoln, and
also followed it.
Mr. PERRY. Be it so.
Mr. DRAKE. And therefore I would sug-
gest, for the consideration of the Senator from
Connecticut whether the amnesty was not ac-
cepted by all persons who did accept it with
the clear understanding from the laws of the
United States that it did not entitle them to a
status in that court.
Mr. PERRY. The amnesty must have been
accepted by those persons who availed them-
selves ofit in its legal meaning and acceptation.
How are we to get at the legal meaning and
acceptation of the legislation of Congress and
the amnesty of President Lincoln ? We are to
go to the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, a majority of the members of
which sympathizing with the majority of this
body has unanimously decided what that legal
meaning and acceptation was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question?
Mr. PERRY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend mean to
assert that when the statute of 1808 says a
party in the Court of Claims must prove that
he has been continuously and affirmatively loyal
during the war, and given no aid or comfort
to the rebellion, a man becomes continuously
loyal and has given no aid and comfort to the
rebellion, because he has received a pardon,
even if the court has said so? Is that what he
thinks Congress meant?
Mr. PERRY. I mean to say precisely this:
that when I am inquiring what was the legal
meaning and acceptation of the act of Con-
gress of 18G2, and the President's proclama-
tion of 18G!5 upon the status of persons ac-
cepting that proclamation of amnesty, I take
the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, unanimously rendered, to be the law
of the land ; and although the Senator from
Vermont cites the act of 18G8 as impairing the
status of the persons who accepted t?he amnesty
proclamation of Mr. Lincoln, the Senator will
excuse me; I must take, in my judgment, the
opinion of the Supreme Court in preference
to his.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Con-
necticut will excuse me for saying that I have
not stated any such proposition. I do not
claim that the statute of 18G8 impairs the effect
of an amnesty already granted, or a constitu-
tional pardon. No act of Congress could do
so. But the set of 1868 could say to anybody,
innocent or not innocent, that he should not
get any money out of the Treasury through the
Court of Claims, could it not?
Mr. FERRY. But the Supreme Court of
the United States lias decided that the legal
effect and meaning of the two measures of 1862
and 18G3, the act of Congress and the amnesty
proclamation, was to give those who availed
themselves of that proclamation a standing in
the Court of Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. Did they decide right?
Mr. FERRY. It is for me to bow to the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United"
States upon a pure question of law spch as this
is; and in my judgment they decided right,
for such I believe to be the inevitable effect of
the proclamation of amnesty based upon the
legislation of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
whether he thinks that if the Supreme Court
of the United States construe a statute, and
construe it rightly, but construe it in a way
touching money in the Treasury that we do
not want to have it construed to touch, we
cannot rightfully change the law so as to pre-
vent it touching that money in the Treasury?
Mr. FERRY. Now you are coming to the
question of power. That I do not deny. I
have not from the beginning denied the power
of Congress to do wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I have nothing
further to say.
Mr. FERRY. But my argument is this:
that those who availed themselves of the am-
nesty proclamation of President Lincoln had
a right to receive that amnesty in the meaning
and acceptation legally which the Supreme
Court of the United States has affixed to it;
and that, having thus availed themselves of
that proclamation of amnesty, it is, on the part
of the Government, an act of bad faith toward
them to take away from them a part of the
rights which the Supreme Court has decided
were restored to them by that act of amnesty.
That is the view I take. So that while I think
that if this decision of the Supreme Court—I
have not read it—goes so far as to embrace the
unauthorized general amnesty of President
Johnson, that evil ought to be corrected. I think
also that a status in the Court of Claims was
one of those rights restored to those persons
amnestied by the proclamation of President
Lincoln; that that proclamation was thrown
out to the people of the whole country, to every
person implicated in the rebellion, as an invi
tation to him to lay down his arms, and to again
become a good and loyal citizen of the Repub-
lic, and these inducements of restoration to
rights and property were held out by that proc-
lamation ; and that now it is bad faith in us to
take it back. Therefore, whether the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, for which I
shall vote in the first place, is adopted or not,
I shall at the proper time move this proviso to
come in at the end of the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri:
And provided further. That this act shall not apply
to any iKU'don or amnesty granted by the President
ot the United States in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress authorizing him to grant the same;
Which would leave the amendment to apply
to the other class of amnesties.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to submit two
propositions in which I implicitly believe; I
do not know whether anybody else does or
not. The first is that the pardon of the Pres-
ident, whether it be signed by Mr. Lincoln or
by Mr. Johnson, does not make a man any
better off than it he had never committed a
crime, than if he had never sinned. J f that is
acquiesced in, I submit secondly, that a man
who has committed a crime cannot sue the
United States in any court without an affirm-
ative act authorizing him to commence that
suit. And if these two propositions are both
assented to, then I have to say that Congress
never intended to authorize any man who had
committed treason against the United States
to sue the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Pardoned or not.
Mr. HOWE. Pardoned or not. They never
intended to authorize that class of persons to
sue the United States. But 1 understand that
the Supreme Court of the United States thinks
the phraseology employed by the Legislature
in certain acts is of that equivocal character
