1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4767
of the great enterprise, and I for one will not
enter upou it.
Tlie Southern Pacific railroad, if built, will
cost this Government less than any other great
continental railroad. The Government of the
United States under this bill grants to the com-
pany less than has been granted or proposed to
be granted to any other railroad, because from
El Paso to San Diego the great body of the pub-
lic lands given to this railroad are confessedly
of an inferior character. It traverses a region
of country that has now been for two hundred
years open to settlement. A portion of this
country had been opened to settlement even
before the settlement of any portion of the
Atlantic coast, except probably along the bor-
der. The settlements in New Mexico and
some of the settlements in Arizona are as old
as some of the settlements in Pennsylvania
and New York. Here is a country that from
its aridity, its sterility, the peculiar character
of its soil, is comparatively valueless; and all
that the Government of the United States pro-
poses to give to this company is the usual land
grant in that strip of country from San Diego
to El Paso.
Mr. President, I do not care who takes hold
of this company or takes charge of this organ-
ization if upon the terms proposed by this bill
they will construct this road, which will tend to
develop a vast region of country that has been
occupied for years and has yielded but very
little benefit to this Government. New Mex-
ico has cost the Government of the United
States, it has been said by an Army officer,
$100,000,000. The construction of this road
would, at least, stop that expense, in conse-
quence of the gradual encroachments of the
Indians upon the frontier of Mexico, and would
put a stop to Indian barbarities in that region.
It would be of vast service to that country. _ It
wonld open a new line of communication
across the continent. It would make a rivalry
between the various Pacific railroads, and it
would tend to lessen the freights across the con-
tinent. It would do all that is necessary to have
an outlet for the whole of the southern country.
Under these circumstances, I do not think
the Senate at this late day ought to engage in
any personal controversy as to the merits or
demerits of corporators. So far as I am con-
cerned, the name of General Pr6mont might
be kept off or put in without affecting my vote
on this bill; but since General Fremont has
been assailed by a report of the committee,
and by the honorable chairman, his personal
friends naturally feel a great deal of solicitude.
They naturally feel that now to exclude him
from this mere nominal interest as a corpor-
ator would be a blow at him that would fix
upon him a stigma, which I think Senators
ought not to do. If you allow him and his
few associates a part in the organization of
this corporation you grant them nothing ; you
do not grant them the control of the corpora-
tion ; you do not grant them a franchise of
any value unless they build the road, and
then I think it will be of comparatively little
value to them.
If, on the other hand, you exclude them now
and exclude their names, they control the in-
terests of the Memphis and El Paso railroad;
they control that grant; and in consequence
of the changes that have been made in the
constitution of Texas and the laws of Texas,_
it is now very doubtful whether the people ot
Texas can confer upon any new company the
same grants that have been conferred upon the
old. You may, by getting up a rivalry and
controversy between the El Paso road and this
corporation, prevent the construction of any
Southern Pacific railroad. It seems to me it
is the interest of the southern States, the inter-
est of the whole people, to avoid this contro-
versy, to ignore it; not to enter into it, not, to
follow the inviting field that my honorable
friend from Michigan has opened at all, not to
look at it, but to simply put in the names of
these various corporators, and one hundred
more if you choose, and let these men exer-
cise the corporate powers conferred upon them.
All they can do is to open books. The men
who come forward and subscribe to the first ten
millions of stock have to pay ten per cent, of
the subscription. Let them have the control
of the corporation and gradually build this
road. It seems to me that it would not be
wise for us to deter any one from entering into
this corporation by blocking the way to a com-
bination and consolidation with the Memphis
and El Paso road, and thus delay and defeat
this magnificent enterprise.
I shall,therefore, without offering any amend-
ment to the bill, (as the bill itself, I believe, is
entirely unobjectionable in character, and con-
tains only the ordinary grants that have been
conferred on other railroads, grants of very
little value indeed, in my judgment,) vote for
this bill with great pleasure, but at the same
time I shall probably vote against all of the
numerous amendments that have been offered
in the way of branches.
One and the great vice of our railroad legis-
lation for the Pacific railroad lias been the
inclusion of branches; and all the controver-
sies we have got into in regard to the Union
Pacific railroad and the Northern Pacific
railroad have been from authorizing various
branches to run through the older States. We
have granted, and ought to grant to the con-
tinental railroads, large and extensive grants;
but when we propose to make extensive grants
to the Continental line, these sideroadsthrough
the older States come in and demand the same
number of acres to build a road through a
civilized and settled country, and thus they
load down the main proposition which ought
to stand by itself, with various propositions
that excite debate and controversy.
The other night when I was here a propositi on
was made to put upon this bill a land grant for
some six hundred miles for a road from one
of the old States. That has been disposed of.
The various branches that have been attached
to this bill on the report of the Pacific Rail-
road Committee seem to me unexceptionable.
There seems to be no great controversy about
them. I shall therefore vote for those that
have been reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and indeed I can suggest no
amendment to the bill reported by that com-
mittee except this amendment that is now pro-
posed to add to the number of corporators a
few others who are interested in the Memphis
and El Paso road; and solely with a view, not
to gratify General Fr6mont in that matter, but
to procure if possible a union of interests that
will secure the benefit of the land grants made
by the State of Texas to the Memphis and El
Paso railroad.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I did not sup-
pose when I offered last night the amendment
which is now pending that I should evoke the
terrible blast that has been given us by the
honorable Senator from Michigan. The great
misfortune with him is that he loaded for a
camel and fired at a gnat. The report was pre-
pared for an entirely different subject, but hav-
ing prepared it, the honorable Senator could
not forego the pleasure of delighting the world
with his report.
Mr. HOWARD. How does the honorable
Senator know that?
Mr. NYE. I know that because, in the first
place, I recollect the time this report was in-
troduced. The report purports to be ft report
of a committee, while in fact from the honor-
able Senator's own words I will show that it
was not. I find in the Globe of April 28 the
j following:
1 " Mr. Howard. I present to the Senate, on oehalf
I of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, a some-
I what voluminous report, made to that committee by
a sub-committee appointed By taeuisclvcs;.iuiu i
am instiucted by the coEiiniittcc to as,£ that it may
1 be printed, together with the testimony accompany-
i it for the information of the committee and ox
! tho Senate, in order to enable the committee to pro-
ceed more intelligently in the investigation ot too
| subjects now before them.
;; The Vice President. In what ease is it ?
Mr. Howard. In regard to what is known as
the bouthern Transcontinental Railroad Company."
Another railroad from this altogether.
" Tho Vice President. If there bo no objection
tho report will bo considered as ordered to be printed
and recommitted to the Committee on the Pacilio
Railroad.
" Mr. HoWA.rtD. That is what I desire.
" The Vice President. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is so ordered.
"Mr. Stewart subsequently said: I wish to stato
with regard to the report from the Committee on the
Pacific Bail road, made by theSenatorfrom Michigan
a fow moments ago, that as one member of that com-
mittee I do not know whether it contains my views
or not. Perhaps I agree to it, and perhaps I do not.
I have not had a chance to examine it. I have no
objection to its being printed.
" The Vice President. Thero was simply amotion
to print and recommit, so that the Senator is not
bound by it.
" Mr. Howard. I simply wish to say, in response
to tho Senator from Nevada, that the report to which
he refers is made for tho information of the Pacific
Itailroad Committeo, and it is to be printed with a
view to reference to the committee. I ought also to
say that tho report to which he has alluded was read
to the sab-committee before it was made to thecora-
mitteo. I do not regard either him or my colleague,
tho Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. IUce "]—
The three Senators who constituted that sub-
committee were the honorable chairman and
the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] and -
my colleague, [Mr. Stewart]—
"who is also on the sub-committee, as being bound
by and committed to that report. It remains for
them to examine it carefully as they shall choose,
and to derive their own conclusions from it.
"Mr. Stewart. I liavo no objection to that
course.
"Mr. Fenton. I suppose that no member of tho
committee, except of the sub-committee, perhaps,
can bo regarded as bound by the report, whether he
was present or not this morning.
"Mr. Howard. Not at all. I wrote the report
of the sub-committee myself, and I only am respons-
ible for it. I take that responsibility cheerfully."
Therefore the Senate and the country will
observe that this is simply the opinion expressed
by the honorable Senator from Michigan, and
is not to go forth as the report of any commit-
tee, or of any sub-committee, save one member.
Now, the honorable Senator concludes his
report by saying that he has done this with
great pain, and has come to these conclusions
with great reluctance. I have listened to the
reading of the most of that report, and there
isa pamphlet of a Frenchman ; there are news-
paper articles of Frenchmen ; but I submit to
the Senate and the country that there is no
substantial accusation that could convict, or
even for a moment challenge the denial of a
man of the standing of General Frfemont. The
honorable Senator says there is an order for
his arrest in New York. That may be so ; and
what does an order of arrest amount to? It
is-on an exparte affidavit 
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator
whether the conclusion to which I remarked
in the report that I had arrived relates at all
to General Fremont? Not in the remotest
degree.
Mr. NYE. The conclusion seemed to be a
mourning over the injury the country has re-
ceived. I have read it and you have just read it.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. Was not that your report which
you just read ?
Mr. HOWARD. My speech.
Mr. NYE. Well, Mr. President, what is
all this about? The honorable Senator from
Michigan supposed that there was a charter
attempted to be obtained by the Transconti-
nental or Memphis and El Paso railroad across
this continent.
Mr. HOWARD. I will remark to the Sen-
ator that at the time the report of the sub-com-
mittee to which he refers was made to tho
Senate there was then referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad a bill by that title,
and it was before us for consideration.
Mr. NYE. And that is the report upon that.
As I was going to say, there happened to be
no such thing consummated; but the report
must not be lost. Having been prepared for
an ideal subject, it must be fired off; and if
no other object could be found the simple men-
