1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
CENSUS 01? SOLDIERS OF 1812, ETC.
Mr. WILLARD, I ask -unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution instructing the
Secretary of the Interior in reference to the
next census.
Mr. DAWES. I must object if it shall lead
to any debate.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which the Chair will inquire for
objections to its present consideration.
The joint resolution was read. It instructs
the Secretary of the Interior to include in the
instructions given to the United States mar-
shals for taking the census the present year
directions to obtain statistics concerning the
surviving soldiers and the surviving widows
of deceased soldiers of the war of 1812,_ em-
bracing the name and age of each surviving
soldier; the names of deceased soldiers whose
widows survive; date of enlistment and length
of service, with name of company and regi-
ment, as nearly as may be, of each surviving
soldier and each deceased soldier whose widow
survives; date of the marriage, as near as may
be, of the widow of deceased soldier, and
whether the first wife or not, and what pen-
sion the surviving soldier or widow is receiv-
ing, if any.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] to
include sailors in his resolution.
Mr. WILLARD. I will modify it so as to
include officers, soldiers, and sailors of the
war of 1812.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
CANADIAN-BUILT SCHOONER EVELYN.
Mr. SCOP1ELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1535) to issue
an American register to the Canadian-built
schooner Evelyn, now of Kingston, Ontario ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
RECONSIDERATION 01? REFERENCES, ETC.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider
the various votes by which bills and joint reso-
lutions have been this morning referred or
recommitted, andalso move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OltDER Olf BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to withdraw
my motion in order that the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] representing a com-
mittee, may move to suspend the rules to au-
thorize him to offer an amendment to the
deficiency bill in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STOKES. I move that the rules be
suspended so as to authorize me, on behalf of
the Committee on the Ninth Census, to move
to amend the deficiency bill in the Committee
of the Whole by adding thereto, as additional
sections, the following:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of
the two eopics required by sections five and eleven
of the act of May 13.1850, to be made of the original
returns of the assistant marshals, there shall be re-
quired of such returns one copy only, which shall be
forwarded to the Census Office at Washington; and
the original returns shall bo deposited m the ojuce
of the secretary of the State or Territory, instead ot
"being deposited with the county clerks of the re-
spective counties, as provided m the said cieventn
section of said act. .
Sec.— And be it further enacted, That the timo
allowed for transmitting the said copy of the returns
of the assistant marshals to tho Census Omce is
hereby further limited so that the returns oi popu-
lation and mortality, upon schedules numb'er<id re-
spcctively one and six, in tho act of
shall be sent to that oflice on or before the loth day
of August next, and the completo returns upon all
the schedules annexed to and made part ot that act,
excepting upon tho schedule therein designated
is No 2 which schedule is hereby revoked, can-
celed and declared to be no longer a part of said
act shall bo forwarded to the Census Oftce before
tho 1st day of October following: Provided, That
tho Secretary ot tho Interior shall be authorized
to extend tho tinio cd. for returns on the
schedules, other than those oi population and raor-
ahty in any case where it shall appear to Jum to
lie' nVce"sa?y: Provided fulher, That whenever,
iron" the loss or destruction. ot returns, or from
causes beyond tho control o{ the ofiiceis chaiged
with the enumeration, it shall bo shown „o be im-
practicable to comply -with the requirements ofthis
section, the Secretary of the interior is authorised
to extend the time allowed for rendering returns of
population and mortality, not beyond the 1st day
of October next. .;
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized
and required, to modify the schedules fixed by the
act of May 23,1850, in such manner as may be re-
quired by the amendments of the Constitution of
the United States, and as may be consistent withthe
comparison of data obtained under former censuses;
and he shall obtain, or cause to be obtained, statis-
tics of transportation, trade, and telegraphs, and of
fire, marine, and life insurance, in such manner that
the total increase of inquiries shallnotbe more than
twenty-five per cent, of those contained in the
schedules used in 1860. , '
Sec. —.' And be it further enacted, That eaeh and
every owner, i>ari owner, overseer, oflieecv agent, or
member of any shop, factory, fishery, mine, planta-
tion, farm, firm, or corporation, who, if thereto re-
quested by the marshal or bis assistant, shall refuse
to answer, to the best of his or her knowledge, all the
inquiries authorized by tho act of May 23,1850, and
any acts amendatory thereof, shall be subject to tho
penalty provided in the fifteenth section of said act
of May 23,1850.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That all appoint-
ments of assistant marshals under the provisions of
the fourth section of the act of May 23,1850, shall
require confirmation by the- Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and that until notification of such confirmation
shall have been received by the marshal of the dis-
trict such appointments shall be void and of no
effect.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior is hereby authorized to increase
the compensation of assistant marshals now provided
by lawwhenoverin his judgmentsuch increaseshall
be necessary: Provided, That in no ease shall such
increase exceed twenty-five per cent, of the amount
of compensation now allowed by law.
Mr. DAWES. Before the vote is taken on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
I beg permission to say that if his amendment
should be attached to the deficiency appropri-
ation bill it would be weeks before the bill
could become a law. I hope, therefore, that
the motion to suspend the rules will not be
agreed to.
The motion was not agreed to.
ABUSES IN REVENUE COLLECTION.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit, for reference to the Committee of
Ways and Means, the following resolution :
Whereas it is alleged in the public newspapers of
the oity ofNew Yorkand elsewhere that a system of
oppression of persons, seizures of personal property,
and invasions of the constitutional rights of private
citizens of the United States is being carried out at
New York and elsewhere, by collectors and other
employes in the revenue service, in contravention
of law; and whereas it is duoto those who appointed
those employes, as well as to this House, that these
mattersshould be investigated, and, if found true.be
immediately stopped, and the guilty parties removed
from office and punished : Therefore,
Jlesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to report to this House the facts within his
knowledge, or which he may be able to obtain in re-
lation to thoso alleged unlawful seizures and oppres-
sions.
Mr. KELSFjY. I object to that rosoluti on.
The question is now being investigated in the
courts.
deficiency hill
Mr. DAWES. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the deficiency bill all gen-
eral debate shall terminate in one hour and a
quarter.
The motion was agreed to ; there being—
yeas seventy-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole, on the deficiency
bill. . o
On the motion there were—ayes 81, noes ■>._>.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole ou the state oi
the Union, (Mr. Scofili.d in _ the chair J and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. E.
No. 1340) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purpose?.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
, all general debate on this bill is limited to one
hour and a quarter. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr.NiBiACK] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NIBLACIi. Mr. Chairman, although
a member of the committee that reported this
hill,it was not my intention, when it was first
repotted to the House to submit any.remarks
upenifc m,*the character of general debate; and
it wps/'apljr, on Friday, last, when the debate
took such..a wide,range upon this bill, that I
felt called upqnrto'say anything'jn regard to it
when"we should resume i(s consideration.
In .discussing ah appropriation, bill a survey
of the whole financial.conaition of the c.ountry,
a consideration of its general financial policy
which makes any expenditure'necessary, is, I
suppose, as'legitimate and proper as upon the
consideration of any other bill, and perhaps
more so, as a deficiency bill is intended to
supply deficiencies in all other appropriations,
and, to a greater1 or less extent, lor every
branch of the public service.
When gentlemen upon the other side are
driven to any explanation as to the large ex-
penditures which this Government has had to
makefrom time to time duringthelastfewyears,
and when .they can find no other reply to make
to charges of extravagance and profligacy in the
expenditure of tho public money, they almost
universally attempt to shield themselves behind
the allegation on their part that these expend-
itures have been made necessary by the con-
duct of the Democratic party antecedent to and
during the war. And the fact that the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations felt called upon to reiterate this charge
on Friday last, in discussing the bill under con-
sideration, is the reason more than anything
else that has induced me to occupy the floor
to-day. _
Now, sir, I am willing to concede at the out-
set that the Democratic party have had its full
share of the misfortunes that have befallen par-
ties in this country. I am willing to concede also
that sotne ten years ago we became disor-
ganized and disrupted, if you please, over the
question of slavery which then assumed to be
and became such a serious question in Ameri-
can politics. I am willing to concede further,
sir, that from that time to the present we have
been drifting along in a fragmentary condi-
tion, the sport of nearly every advetse fortune,
and with very little influence in giving direc-
tion to public affairs. Here in this House we
are sometimes felt as a balance of power be-
tween the contending factions on tho other
side, but that is only occasionally. It is only
in this way that we are able to command much
attention from our opponents or to infuse any
terror by our presence here.
1 am further willing to concede that during
these weary ten years of trouble, of disorgan-
ization, arid war, many follies, even crimes, if
you please, have been committed by men claim-
ing to be leaders in the Democratic party. I
graut very freely that, our criticisms have been
very severe at times, nnd often quite irritating
to our opponents. 1 grant also that theories
concerning the war, both before and alter its
coriimoncemeut, sometimes advanced by us,
often failed to be verified bccause for one
reason we had no means or power of testing
them. And perhaps if they had been tested
some of them might have been found imprac-
ticable. I grant also that we were often pos-
sessed of a gloominess and foreboding as to
the results of the war which amountedalmostto
despair. But what of all that? Did not gen-
tlemen on the other side make mistakes too
mistakes more terrible in their consequences,
because they had power to direct and com-
mand? Pledges, both by Congress and per-
sons high in official position, were given as to
the manner of prosecuting the war, as well as
to the purposes for which it should he p
cuted, which weie never fulfilled.
Suopose some of our leaders did n - y J
the wisest or most pmdent ^'nB B°"e
icil time- concede that some of om conven
tions did not prove to be a success either m
