1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3823
that would authorize persons who have com-
mitted treason to sue where they haVe put an
executive pardon in their pockets. If we have
inadvertently authorized that class of persons
to sue, can we not take away that right? The
Senator from Connecticut says yes ; he admits
the power, but it would be a wrongful exer-
cise of power he says, because it would be bad
faith. Whybadfaith? Because he argues that
the men who stepped forward and laid down
their arms, upon the promise of the President
that they should be pardoned, did it for what?
To get the right to sue the United States?
Mr. FERRY. All rights of property.
Mr. HOWE. To get the right to sue the
United States 1 1 think he is mistaken as to
the motive which influenced them. I think
they accepted that promise of pardon to avoid
being sued by the United States on the crim-
inal side of their courts ; and there is no bad
faitli in our correcting an act of Congress and
making it conform to what everybody knows
was the original intention of Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make one
remark. There has been a distinction drawn
here to-night between the effect of a pardon
■ by way of amnesty granted by President Lin-
coln and an amnesty or pardon granted by
President Johnson. It has been said that this
act should not apply to the pardon or amnesty
(and I presume by the word "amnesty" is
meant "pardon") granted by President Lin-
coln, because President Lincoln was authorized
by act of Congress to grant such an amnesty,
and President Johnson was not so authorized ;
therefore a distinction should be made in this
bill, arising from the fact that the amnesty
granted bj President Lincoln was authorized
by Congress, and the one granted by President,
Johnson was not so authorized.
Now, Mr. President, where does the power
to grant pardons originate ? Prom what source
is it derived? Who constitutionally possesses
it ? I ask Senators, as lawyers, to consider the
inquiry J propound. Does any power to grant
amnesty or to authorize amnesty exist in Con-
gress ? Can Congress grant amnesty or par-
don? If so, I call for the authority in the
Constitution ; because Congress can exercise
no power except that which it derives from the
Constitution. The power to grant pardon
either to a particular individual or to a class
of individuals is by the Constitution reposed,
and reposed exclusively, in the Executive of
the United States. It is not subject to limit-
ation or enlargement by any act of Congress,
because Congress, under the Constitution, pos-
sesses no power whatever in reference to par-
don or amnesty, or any other executive func-
tion. This thing of granting pardons is purely
an executive function. Congress cannot con-
fer it: Congress cannot take it away. It is a
power arising exclusively under the Constitu-
tion, and by that instrument vested in the Pres-
ident of the United States. Congress has no
part or lot in granting a pardon ; neither has
it any authority to authorize it.
Then, sir, I submit as sound constitutional
law, that the amnesty granted by President
Lincoln was not affected in its source of author-
ity by the act of Congress, and that it would
have been just as effectual for all practical,
legal, and constitutional purposes if granted
by President-Lincoln, without any act of Con-
gress, as it was when exercised by him after
the passage of an act by Congress.
If that be so, if the power be exclusively
executive, and constitutionally so, then there
can be no distinction in law between a pardon
granted by President Lincoln and a pardon
granted by President Johnson, bccause both,
in granting the pardon, only exercised an ex-
ecutive, and exclusively an executive, power;
a power which could not be affected by Con-
gress, in virtue of being the President of the
United States. Therefore, any attempt at
authorization by the Congress of the act of
amnesty, or any attempt to limit it or enlarge
It was wholly nugatory; and the act of Pres-
ident Johnson being as much an act of execu-
tive power, exercised under and by virtue of
the constitutional grant, is for all practical,
legal, and constitutional purposes, as effectual,
as binding upon courts of justice and upon
every other person, as an act granted by Pres-
ident Lincoln, although that act might have
professed upon its face to have been granted
upon authority conferred by an act of Con-
gress.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to consider for
a moment the effect of the position taken by
the Senator from Delaware. He insists that a
pardon in its effect is derived entirely from the
Constitution, and is not to be affected or mod-
ified by an act of Congress. Therefore a par-
don issued by President Johnson would have
the same effect iu the absence of a statute as
a paidon issued by President Lincoln iu pur-
suance of a statute. That is his position.
If he is correct about that, what is there left
of his argument? What is the effect of a presi-
dential pardon as derived from the Constitu-
tion? It relievos the person pardoned from
any future punishment or consequence to re-
sult from his crime; that is all. It does not
relate back to regenerate from the beginning.
It does not relate back to restore to him prop-
erty that he may have lost, that may have been
captured from him while he was in the rebel
army. That would not be the effect of a con-
stitutional pardon. If, therefore, the party has
any right to go back and recover property cap-
tured from him before his pardon, that right
must be derived from a statute and not from
the Constitution, because the effect of a con-
stitutional pardon is not to reach back and
regenerate the man as if lie had committed no
crime at all, but it operates infuturo to relieve
him from any future punishment or conse-
quence growing out of the commission of his
crime. Therefore the effect of the Senator's
argument is to sweep away the position that
he was seemingly desirous to sustain.
One word, sir, upon the other point. If it
be true that the legal effect of all the statutes,
putting them together, was to give a pardoned
rebel the right to go back and make the Gov-
ernment pay for property that had been cap-
tured perliapsat great expense, at great trouble,
or loss of life in the course of putting down the
rebellion, it is certainly one that was never in-
tended ; one that is most odious and unjust,
and we ought not to delay one moment in pass-
ing a law by which that effect shall be taken
away. The idea that when a man is pardoned,
relieved from the consequences of his rebellion,
he shall thereby have a cause of action against
the Government, a right to go into court, and
sue the Government and make the Government
pay for property captured before, while he was
in open rebellion, was certainly never intended.
That is unjust; and if that is the effect of the
law we ought certainly to pass this amendment.
Mr. SAULSBUItY. Mr. President 
Mr. EOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana a question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to say but a
word in reply.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. To the argument of the
Senator from Indiana I oppose the decision of
a unanimous court, that the effect of a pardon
is to wipe outevery stain; to make the mau per-
fectly clean, and that it has the same effect as
it had at the common law, by which, if the Sen-
ator from Indiana were to call a man who had
been pardoned by the Executive a traitor, he
would be liable in an action of damages to that
party.
I was discussing, however, the question
whether there was any distinction, as to the
personal rights ol'the party, between an amnesty
or pardon granted by President Lincoln and
one granted by President Johnson. Now, what
is the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri, which is under consideration ? I assume,
and I ask the Senator from Indiana whether
he will deny the truth of the proposition, that
an executive pardon operates, to remove all
personal disabilities. X ask him .whether it
has not the effect in law to place the pardoned
individual on the same footing in reference to
his personal right, his right to sue, and his
liability to be sued, with any citizen who had
never received a pardon and never needed one?
I presume no lawyer will deny that the effect
of an executive pardon under our Constitution
is the same as at the common law; because
the pardon contemplated by the Constitution
had all the legal effects and characteristics of
a pardon granted at common law. If the effect
be to remove every personal disability, what
becomes of the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri? He continues that personal dis-
ability after the pardon. No lawyer, I appre-
hend, will doubt that this pardon relieves
every personal disability that theretofore at-
tached to the individual; but the Senator from
Missouri says that that constitutes no pardon
with all these elements, and shall not have its
legal and constitutional effect; but that that
personal disability shall continue.
Ma DRAKE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Delaware to let me state my own posi-
tion, and not state it for me erroneously. I
do not take the position which he has stated.
I do not consider that this amendment inter-
feres in any degree whatever with the consti-
tutional effect of a pardon. It simply declares
that a certain description of persons shall not
sue the United States in the Court of Claims;
and I presume the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware will not question the right of the United
States to say who shall and who shall not sue
it in the Court of Claims.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That may be so. 1
will not stop to argue that question," if that is
the position of the Senator. But the point is
this; that he makes the fact that a pardon has
been granted the reason why the individual
shall not sue, and he says that a pardon shall
not have the operation to give the individual a
right to sue. Now, it has the legal and con-
stitutional effect of giving the party the right
to sue. That is my position, and having the
constitutional, legal effect to give him the right
to sue, while you continue the jurisdiction of
the court over this class of cases, you cannot
set up the fact that the man has once been in
rebellion, if he is pardoned, as a reason to the
court why he shall not be allowed his suit.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but a word or two
to say upon this subject. The case, as I under-
stand it, upon which the decision was made,
was this: although the claimant had been in
all respects loyal, yet he had committed him-
self in a certain manner to the rebellion, which
was, of course, pleaded against him ; but ac-
cording to the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln of
1863, he took the oath of amnesty in 1805, and
it was after he took this oath of amnesty, aud
he received the benefit of the amnesty for the
past, thathis cotton was taken. After he takes
the oath of amnesty, he starts anew as a citizen
of the United Slates, and his loyalty is main-
tained from that time onward until the case is
decided.
Now, in reference to all those citizens who
went into the rebellion and who were rebels
up to the period of time that they took the
oath of amnesty, I regard the amnesty as doing
nothing more thau securing them from prose-
cution on account of the crimes they hadcom-
mittpdinthe rebellion ; but from that, time for-
ward they were loyal citizens of the United
States, and should not be excluded from the
Court of Claims. I understand thisamendment
proposes to exclude that very class of persons
from the Court of Claims, and it was on this point
that I wanted to ask the Senator from Indiana
a question. 1 agree with the remarks that the
Senator from Indiana made up to that point
of time. But after the individual has accepted
the oath of amnesty according to the statute
authorizing the President to issue his procla-
mation of amnesty, then he should be allowed
