1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2879
II
It is a remarkable incident in the history of :
the lost arts, preserved in the curious gossip :
of Petronius:
"A certain skillful workman used to make crystal
vases as strong as vases of gold anil silver. He pro-
duced an incompurableuiasterpiece. It was .1 chalice
( t astonH)ii)!' beauty, which he thought worthy of
Cc*arSkly. and whicii he felt a pride in offering to
liim. Tiberius highly Praised the skill and the rich
present of the artist. This man, wishing to increase
tall more the admiration of the prince, and secuie
hVs frvors to a greater degree, begzedot him to givo
back the vase. He then threw it with all his might
ol the marble pavement of the..>partment; the
hid est metal could never have resisted this terrible
«hock Cresar appeared moved, and was silent. Ihe
'artist,'with  triumphant smile, picked up the vtwc,
which bad only a slight dent, and which by striking :
it with the hammer was soon brought to its original
4-itc This bcin? done, no doubt remained in his ;
mind that h© had conquered the good graccs of the
Emperor and the esteem of an astonished court.
Tiberius asked liirn if ho was the only one who knew
liow to work crystal in so remarkable a manner.
The workman immediately answered that no ouc
possessed the secret. 'Very well,' said Caesar,' let
Hs head bo struck off without loss of time; ier if
this strange invention were known gold and silver
would very soon have not the least value.'
"Thus did the Emperor Tiberius encourage artists
and the arts."
And in the same way do our manufacturing
capitalists encourage inventions and invent-
ors. They unconsciously imitate Tiberius, and
although they cannot, like Caesar, strike off
the impertinent inventor's head, they too often
have turned him off to starve. But under our
patent laws, as they were established in 183G,
the inventor, if he be prudent aud thrifty, is
assured of a certain compensation. Under
the existing constitution of the Patent Office,
its seal is evidence that its possessor is enti-
tled prima facie to a newand useful invention.
The number of persons skilled in the useful
arts, and the business to which they appertain,
has largely increased. There are many skilled
persons who can estimate with approximate
correctness the value of every new invention.
Uuder this American system of patents, in itself
as great an invention as any that are protected
by it, inventions have become commodities of
marketable value. No inventor now needs to
sacrifice his invention for subsistence. Some,
perhaps, have anticipated the period of their
greatest usefulness; but every genuine inven-
tion now has its value, a great portion of which
can, with ordinary care and prudence, be real-
ized by the inventor.
Without this protection we should return to
the era of " secrets," when every valuable dis-
covery was carefully guarded by its possessor,
or parted with only upon terms which required
the purchaser to be equally silent and uncom-
municative. The public obtained no useful
knowledge of the art and but a limited advan-
tage from the working of the discovery. The
evil consequences of that system were twofold
The knowledge of many valuable inventions
and discoveries died with their possessors and
are now among the lost arts; on the other hand,
empirical processes of fictitious value were im-
posed upon manufacturers under the guise of
" secrets" in the arts, and the whole subject of
invention and the characterof inventors became
discredited and debased. The injury to the pro-
gress of the useful arts by these pretended seerets
has been greater a thousandfold than any that
has arisen from the abuse of even the most
imperfect system of patent laws.
Now every invention published through the
Patent Office adds somethingto ourknowledge,
and, if useful, increases the material wealth of
the world. And I do not hesitate to say that
the sum ofthese values, the aggregate increase
to the wealth of this country, from the invent-
ive genius of the people fostered and protected
by the patent laws, lias been greater than that
derived from all the protective tariffs passed
since the Government was organized under the
Constitution. A protective tariffdealsonly with
the known elements of labor and skill; as with
cottons produced in this country with the same
machinery, labor, and skill as they are produced
in England and Franco, and with iron .is pro-
duced in Scotland or Wales. But invention
takes astride forward of the known mechanism
and processes, and calls for a higher degree of
skill. Who can estimate the effects of the in-
vention of the cotton gin upon this country?
Not its value in money merely, but its effects
socially, morally, and politically'? Consider
the results from the leading inventions I have
named, and see how small are the results from
the manufacture of coarse cottons andpigiron j
when compared with the great interests these j
inventions have created in the country. i
The most distinguished of the opponents of |
the patent laws lias argued in favor "of put- I
ting an end to the notion that every person who
invented anything had a right to a patent,"
and that " the giving of patents was a matter
of grace and favor in well-selected and dis-
criminated cases, in the exercise of a discre-
tion, by an authority intrusted with that dis-
cretion and in his superlative wisdom he
expressed the opinion that "at the period of j
progress in the history of the arts and trade |
at which they had arrived they could do much
better without these props. He called them
props because they were meant to be so, but ,
he believed that at present they were nothing j
but obstructions and hinderances to trade and ;
the arts." This was said of the patent laws
of Great Britain, where there is no prelim-
inary examination and investigation into the
rightfulness of the investor's claim, but where
any one can take a patent by paying the fees,
if he claim to be either an inventor or the
person who first introduced an invention into
that country.
Our American system of patent law defies
such narrow, carping, illiberal, and unjust crit-
icism. It acknowledges and declares that the
first and original inventor of anything new aud
useful has a vested right to its protection by a
patent for a limited term, upon the compliance
by the inventor with certain mild and prudfent
conditions. It provides for a discrimination
which shall determine what the invention is,
not as a matter of grace and favor, or in the
exercise of an uncontrolled discretion, but as
a matter of right as between the inventor and
the public. It is not based upon the idea that
invention has reached its highest flood, and
must soon be subject to a returning ebb ; or
if the results of invention be likened to a struc-
ture, it does not consider that it is now com
plete aud perfect, finished and furnished, and
that the " props," which the patent laws were,
may now be knocked away ; nor does it con-
sider that these laws are obstructions and hin-
derances to trade and the arts.
Under the beneficent provisions of these
laws the results of the inventive genius of our
people have developed, and are now being
developed, in almost geometrical progression.
Never at any time in the history of the world
have so many and so valuable inventions been
j made known through the Patent Office. The
; inventors of all nations seek this country for
! the protection of its laws. Every invention
1 thus acquired, as well as any now produced at
home, is the planting of a new industry which
needs no other protection from legislation, to
1 grow and prosper than that which is afforded
by these laws. The rise of this inventive
genius is not like that of the tide which must
i reach its limit and recede, but like the increase
I and swelling of a river, which will not diminish
while its course, which is that of time itself,
shall continue.
! There is nothing of which this nation may be
. morejustlyproudthan its progress in the indus-
i trial and useful arts. No greater and more
bencfieial results to mankind have been attained
i in the whole history of the race than have been
i accomplished within the last three quarters of
\ a century and in this country. If we look back
; over the whole history of invention we are sur-
prised to see how meager and barren it is, com-
i pared with what has been achieved almost
within our tinie. The country acknowledges
always this great glory which its citizens have
acquired. The nation takes pride in the record
of the results of that inventive genius which is
preserved in one of the grandest temples ever
dedicated to art and science by any nation or
in any age ; and it knows that great as is it3
renown in arms, in the spread of liberty, and in
the success of free government, there is no
brighter coronal that adorns the Republic than
that which is en wreathed from the contributions
of its inventors to science and the useful arts.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Holman, in section <wo, page 2,
to strike out the words "one assistant com-
missioner."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
14, noes 63; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Jenckes and Mr.
Holman.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 26, noes 89.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sargent, page 5, section ten, line
seven, to strike out all .after the word " aud "
to the end of the paragraph, as follows: "And
when required by the Commissioner they shall
hear and report upou claims for extensions,
and perform such other duties as he may
assign them;" and in lieu thereof insert the
following:
In connection with the Commissioner thay shall
hear and determine upon claims for extensions,
and shall perform such other like duties as may be
assigned to them.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
13, noes 59 ; no quorum voting.
No further count was demanded, and the
amendment was considered as rejected.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Poland, to add to section eleven,
which is as follows :
Sec. 11. In case of the death, resignation, absence,
or sickness of the Commissioner, his duties shall
devolve upon the assistant commissioner until a
successor shall be appointed, or such absence or
| sickness shall ceaso.
| These words:
And whilesuch assistant commission ershall so per-
form the duties of Commissioner he shall receive the
same compensation as the Commissioner.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
13, noes 44; no quorum voting.
No further count was demanded, and the
amendment was considered as rejected.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, as
follows:
Amend, by adding to the end of section thirty-four
at the end of line nineteen, a  follows:
And mere lapse of time before renewing or filing
a new application, where a former application h.ia
been improperly or erroneously rejected, shall not'
be considered an abandonment in any application
made before the passage of this aot.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
18, noes 46; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Jenckes, and Mr.
Butler of Massachusetts.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 70; no quorum voting.
No further count was demanded, and the
amendment was considered as rejected.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Kerr, as follows:
Add to section thirty-four:
And provided further. That no application of the
kind mentioned in the foregoing proviso shall be
reliled or revived for the purpose of interfering with
existing patents; and patents hereafter granted on
such application shall not beheld in any event to
impair or supersede any existing patents.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cleveland, to strike out the fol-
lowing section:
Sue. 70. On all patents hereafter granted there
shall be paid the following additional fees, namely,
at or before the expiration of the term of seven years
from the date of the patent, the sum of twenty-five
dollars, and at or before the expiration of the term
of twelve years from thodate of the patent the further
sum of fifty dollars, and in default of the payment
