4768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
tion of the name as an incorporator, among
one hundred and fifty others, of General Fr6-
mont, was target enough.
I think the honorable Senator, without theleast
intention of doing so, has been exceedingly un-
fair in this matter. I remember, and so do you,
sir, and so does this country remember, when
General Frfemont was charged with malfeasance
as a military officer at St. Louis ; and, trumpet-
tongued, the charge went from California to
Maine, and everywhere, that he had defrauded
this Government, louder a great deal than the
evanescent wail of a disappointed Frenchman.
A committee of investigation was held upon
him, and I appeal to that record. He stands
entirely vindicated before this public, after the
most rigid investigation, and by persons enter-
ing upon it not friendly to him at the time, but
victims in a degree to the popular prejudice
that existed. He came out unscathed; the
furnace that was prepared for him was heated
by spirits not less devilish than those who
heated it for Meshach, Shadrach, and Abed-
nego; but he passed through it as unharmed
as they did. 1 remember, sir, that when his
first order was issued in Missouri, declaring a
doctrine which the Government finally had to
adopt to take it through this bloody rebellion,
the very genius of evil spirits was invoked to
make a hue and cry against him; and yet that
order, which the Government had to supersede
or set aside for the moment, became fiually
the doctrine of this Government. That, sir,
was, is this man.
I allude to well-known incidents in his career
for a single purpose; and I appeal to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, as a lawyer of the
highest standing in this body, perhaps, whether
the conclusion I draw is not proper and legiti-
mate. Here is a man who espoused the cause of
his country, not only in civil life among the first
to proclaim himself a Republican, but a man
whose sword was early unsheathed in her de-
fense ; a man who dared the dangers of the
mountain and the plain ; who faced the wild
Indian and the dangers of transcontinental
travel; a man who held a seat in this body,
honored by as intelligent a constituency as the
country affords; a man who bore the first
standard of the Republican party well nigh to
victory—I appeal to the enlightened world
whether such a man is capable of designing
and intending fraudulent practices? No, sir ;
fraud is not born of the bosom of patriotism ;
fraud is an offspring of another creature en-
tirely ; and I put behind me the Frenchman
who has impugned the character of a man as
pure as the mountain stream.
The honorable Senator tells us in the con-
clusion of his speech that he does this in vin-
dication of the honor of his country! Sir, I
know no better way to vindicate my country
and her honor than to stand by her citizens
that deserve it. Sir, against, all these puny
whirlwinds of French excitement about a bond
I stand here as a breastwork, with the civil,
political, and military character of Frfimont,
against which the waves of French excitement
may lash till they waste their fury, and he will
stand implanted and imbedded in the convic-
tions of this people. Frenchmen may let their
wrath lash, but it becomes the American Sen-
ate to vindicate the character of our own cit-
izens.
Sir, what is his offense ? They say that he
misrepresented the character of or the extent
of the securities of the bonds. There never
has been a failure of payment of interest on
any bond he negotiated. What is the evidence,
I appeal to Senators, of an honest transaction?
These bonds bear upon their face what this
company agreed to do, and they have done it;
and 1 have a right to assume that they will
continue to do it. Then, what becomes of this
French fuss and fury? These bonds are issued
for so much money, interest to be paid in a
certain way. It has been paid regulariy ; and
provisions are made, I am assured, for its com -
ing payment in July; and that is all they have
a right to ask. That he was prudent or impru-
dent in the manner he negotiated these bonds
does not touch the hem of his garments. He
may not be as wise and as prudent as the Sen-
ator from ^Michigan—certainly I should not
make that issue—but that he is as honest in
his conscience as any honest citizen of the
United States I honestly believe.
Sir, the truth or falsehood of a man's ex-
pression when pledged for his bond is pledged
by his making the payment as required. I re-
peat again, it has been done here; and in view
of that I say that it is wrong on account of any
furore existing tor a day in Paris about a
placard, or anything of that kind, for the hon-
orable Senator to draw deductions against the
substantial fulfillment of these bonds.
Now, sir, what is the real truth? The world
ought to know it. This Southern Pacific rail-
road bill cannot pass this Congress, this much-
required improvement for this country cannot
be carried out without the acquiescence and
consent and aid of this El Paso railroad. I am
a little familiar with some portions of this coun-
try. The lands that they will acquire on much
of the route are useless. Where lies the sub-
stantial capital of this southern railroad when
associated with this Memphis and El Paso and
made one ? It lies in the rich lands of Texas.
It lies on that subsidy which that rich State
gives it. There is their capital, without which
they cannot move, and that is why they are so
associated; and there is not an objection to any
name made by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, except to the name of General John
C. Fremont.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not object to the Sen-
ator's line of remark, but rather sympathize
with it; but he seems to give the impression
that the route contemplated by this bill is upon
the line of the Memphis and 131 Paso grant.
Mr. NYE. 1 have given forth no such im-
pression. J understand precisely what I say.
I know the route of this road as well as the
honorable Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understood the honor-
able Senator to state in substance that this
route ran upon the line of that grant, because
it was necessary to have that grant to build the
road, and certainly the grant could not be had
except it ran upon the line designated by the
charter under which the grant was made.
Mr. NYE. 1 did not intend to say that, nor
have I said it; but I did say, and I repeat, that
the projected southern road needs the El Paso
and Memphis road, and its support is neces-
sary to complete it. That is what I meant.
Therefore I repeat, they have acted wisely in
bringing in its power and its strength.
Mr. President, I saw a strange sight once.
In 1850 I read some of the articles that my
friend says he wrote with such vigor for Fre-
mont. I know I read his speeches; tlicy were
eloquent and emphatic. The world read his
speeches, and they glorified and magnified the
power of this young stripling who, like David
when ho slew the giant of Gath, took the sim-
ple sling and the smooth stone of truth and
went out, and my honorable friend from Mich-
igan lent him. his aid in hurling it, and the
giant fell; he was hit between the two eyes.
Who held the sling? It was John C. Fremont,
and from mountain-top to valley the praises
of Fr6mont, went forth.
Mr. HOWARD. He fell.
Mr. NYE. But by a worse fraud than the
honorable Senator from Michigan could smell
in Paris. He fell because lie ran too fast at
first. I understand that. He got too much ma-
jority in Maine in September, and would have
carried Pennsylvania in October if he had not
been counted out; and he swept the mighty
State of New York, whose intelligence is not
to be questioned when its representatives on
this floor are looked at, by sixty thousand ma-
jority. No standard-bearer since has carried
that State by half that majority. And yet it is
this man whom the Senator from Michigan now
says is not fit to be a corporator in a railroad
charter! "Howhavethe mighty fallen I" and
how changed the purpose of the honorable
Senator's pen from the time when he described
him standing upon the highest peak of the
western mountains, under the stars and stripes,
waving on his hungry and exhausted little
band. Now his pen is reversed; now he says
he is not fit to be one corporator among one
hundred and fifteen others in a great railroad
charter. Why? Because the national honor
is involved!
Sir, that will not do. I require to wean me
and my attachments from a friend more than
the bursting of a French bubble; and yet for
that my honorable friend from Michigan now
urges gravely that he should not be an incor-
porator in a railroad company. Sir, I have
none of that feeling that kisses a man in pros-
perity and kicks him in adversity. The deeper,
the muddier the waters through which my friend
is called to walk in affliction, the warmer my
attachment grows. That is manhood ; that is
friendship; and away with impeachments in an
unknown language, that my friend may have
rendered right or wrong; away with your
French attempts to blast the fame of an Ameri-
can ! For one, I will not stand it. I do not
care a straw whether he is an incorporator or
not; but having moved the amendment, and
the issue having been made that has been pre-
sented, it would be unbecoming this nation, it
would be a crime in this nation to blast the
fair fame of one of its citizens upon a real or
supposed I?rench bubble.
I ask, therefore, with more emphasis than I
did last night, that this set of incorporators
proposed by me be inserted in this bill. I
will send back to France and to Paris the
indorsement of the American Congress for
John C. Fr6mont. He has stood by this
nation in its hour of peril; I will stand by him
now; and the question is submitted to this
Senate whether tbey will strike him down now,
or whether they will do what they ought to do—
sustain him. It is a simple story, drawn from
what my honorable friend thinks are reliable
facts, no doubt; but it is not enough that some
one in Paris has abused him. My friend from
Michigan, at war with all the sentiments of his
heart, asks the American Senate to indorse the
judgment of these French financiers.
Sir, the American Senate will never put in
the balance the character of an American citi-
zen and weigh ic against the accusations, cause-
less and malicious it may be, of disappointed
French financiers. And when the facts come
to be known, when the interest on these bonds
is paid exactly as it was agreed to be paid,
which General Fremont is now struggling to
do, what will his French accusers say? They
will put their hand on their mouth and their
mouth in the dust and cry, •' peccavi!" If the
honorable Senator wants to ride a French
excitement and ride down the character of one
of the fairest of our own citizens, he shall ride
alone ; I will not ride behind or before; I will
not be a party to such a movement.
No, sir; it is pleasanter, it is nobler, it is
more congenial to my nature and to that of all
of us to uphold than to crush; and I submit
that the audacity of Fremont in desiring to be
incorporated among one hundred and fifteen
others did not deserve this attack from the
honorable Senator. There was not enough in
it. Had he been running for President it
would have made a good newspaper article.
Had he been asking to be made a major gen-
eral the honorable Senator from Michigan
could have read that article. Sir, he may keep
that article and read it hereafter, but the his-
tory ot Fremont is written, not only in the
civil records of this nation, but in the annals
of the bloody strife for the life of the nation,
and there_ it will stand forever; perhaps not
entirely without fault, but as faultless as most
men. I prefer to read the history by an emi-
