1870.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
993
tUHttlK Of NiVW
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to tho consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 112, which was undercon-
sideration yesterday. . .
Mr. DRAKE. Is the morning business
th The^VlCE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to state, if the Sen-
ator from Maine will allow me to do  o, that I
have made very diligent efforts several morn-
ings in succession to get a matter of business
under the head of Senate resolutionsi up, bat I i
have been nnsnccessful. I wish to give notice :
that the very next morning session we have I
shall make the effort again, and continue to
make it antil I get it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Doesthe Senator
refer to the resolution in regard to the amend-
ment of the rules?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri gives notice of his intention to call
up that resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate joint resolution No. 112.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 112) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to transfer to and nse in the Bnreaus of Con-
struction and Repair and Steam Engineering,
for the purposes thereof, such of the unex-
pended balances remaining to the credit of the
other bureaus of the Navy Department, and
available for the current year, as may be from
time to time feqfeired, the pending question
being on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, striking ont the fol-
lowing words:
Ag may be from time to time'"required: Provided,
That each transfer to either of the bureaus first
named «i} U mention the bureau and appropriation
from which it is transferred, and shall in no case
exceed the amonnt to its credit: And provided. That
the whole amonnt transferred to both shall not
exceed $4,000,000 in the aggregate: And further.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
Nsm«l;? fro® the Bureau of Provisions and Cloth*
ing to the Bureau «f Steam Engineering, $1,400,000;
and to the Bureau of Construction, from the Bureau
of Equipment of "Vessels, $389,000; from the Bureau
of Navigation, $256,000; from the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, $1,951,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to debate
this joint resolution; I simply wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the dangerous ex-
ample which Kill be set by it if this course shall
be adopted us a general policy. Iam informed,
however, by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that that committee will
probably in the course of the session provide
for the transferof all unexpended balances now
in theTreasory to the surplus fund, so that a
case of this kind will not probably arise again.
This bill is an admission of a fact which ia
rather painful to me, because I do not think it
ought to have arisen. At the last session of
Congress we appropriated all the money that
was deemed necessary for the construction and
repair of vessels in the navy-yards. The whole
amonnt asked for, I believe, wag appropriated j
or at least all was appropriated that Congress
deemed necessary; and yet the Nervy Depart-
ment;, exceeding the appropriation, went on to
contract an expenditure of more than twice the
amount, employed more than doable the force,
and based that expenditure on the idea that
they were to build a new Navy.
This was not only without authority of law,
without the consent of Congress, but it was in
plain and palpable violation of the limitation
of appropriation made by the last Congress.
Now they find that the money is suddenly
exhausted in the middle of winter, and that
the old power to transfer appropriations, which
no doubt the officers supposed they could use,
was taken away from them by the last Con-
gresB, and very properly taken away; and
now, in the dead of winter, they find the
41st Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 63.
appropriation far this purpose exhausted, and
they are compelled to call on Congress for
relief. Under the circumstances, as men are
likely to be discharged in the dead of winter,
as the work is now going on, and probably if
we do not give some appropriation all that has
been expended trill be lost, I am not sure but
that it is better to make a new appropriation
or to allow a temporary transfer of old appro-
priations for the purpose of continuing the
work, at least for a time.
But I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to an abuse which was partly alluded to
yesterday by the Senator from Illinois, but
which is far greater than he stated—an abuse
that sprang up daring the war and has con-'
tinuea since the war. It began by allowing
the heads of Departments to transfer balances
of appropriations made to one source of ex-
penditure to another source of expenditure.
Under that practice the Departments could
entirely evade all our limitations npon appro-
priations, and did during the war, so that sub-
stantially Congress had no power, over the
appropriations. There are now on the books
of the Treasury unexpended balances of old
appropriations amounting to about one hun-
dred and forty-three million dollars. The last
official statement we bave is a letter from the
present Secretary of the Treasury, which gave
the amount up to the 1st of July, 1808, as
$148,000,000. No statement has been sub-
mitted to ns, and probably it is not possible to
make a statement since that time,
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say that that amount of
money is still appropriated and unexpended ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Belonging to the other
bureaus of the Navy Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; all the different
Departments, most of it in the War Depart-
ment; but there is a very large amount in the
Navy Department.
Mr. HOWARD. Ho# much is there in tho
Navy Department that remains unexpended?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think about eighteen
million dollars, or, perhaptyfewenty million dol-
lars. I am not sure as to that; but I know the
aggregate amount ia all the Departments.'
Mr. CRAGIN. About seventeen million
dollars. . ,
Mr. SHERMAN. The chairman of , the
Committee on Naval Affairs says tke amount
is about seventeen million dollars in the Navy
Department. Under a habit whiehsprung up
during' the war power was given to transfer
from one head of appropriation to another,
and they would go on expending money with-
out limit. Therefore, it made no difference
whether Congress appropriated for the con-
struction of vessels in the Navy or not ,* because
if that fund was exhausted, or no appropiiar
tioa was made for it, they could nse tho unex-
pended balances of appropriations for other
heads of expenditures in the Navy Depart-
ment. This praetioe went on day by day. j At
last Congress, I think on nay own .motion, took
away this-authority from the heads of Depart-
ments, or at least greatly limited their power
to transfer appropriations, so that this abuse
at least is now curtailed, and there is no power
remaining, except ia limited cases, to transfer
appropriations.
I have no doubt that the Navy Department
wenton emending the money that we appro-
priated st the last session of Congress in igno-
rance of the fact that thispower had been taken
away from them; so that in the dead of winter,
when their appropriation is exhausted, they
find it necessary to call on Congress to author-
ize them to do what they had formerly done.
But now, having corrected that abuse, there
is one abuse yet to be corrected; and I am
informed by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that that eommittee will proba-
bly report a correction in this shape : that all
the unexpended balances now in the Treasury
shall be transferred to the surplus fund.
There are three kinds of appropriations. I
need scarcely inform the Senate of this; but
it is a fact which, though it ought to be known
by every one, is not always recalled. There
are three classes of appropriations: first, per-
manent appropriations such as for the payment
of the interest on the public debt, and others
which are permanent in their character; sec-
ond, indefinite appropriations, or appropria-
tions made from time to time to authorize the
execution of a certain act, but without any
specification of the amount; and third, the
ordinary annual appropriations made at each
session of Congress. The permanent and in-
definite appropriations must be continued. In
their nature they cannot be limited by an annual
appropriation. There are, for instance, appro-
priations for the payment of the interest on tho
public debt, for the payment of the expenses
of the collection of the customs, for the supply
of the deficiency in the Post Office Department,
in the nature of permanent appropriations;
bat the great mass of our appropriations are
the annual appropriations.
Now, in my judgment, at the end of every
fiscal year, with some few exceptions, all the
balances of appropriations then unexpended
ought to be transferred to what is called the
surplus fund, and then the annual appropri-
ation madeforeach branch of expenditure ought
to be placed to the credit of that branch, and
; no money drawn from the Treasury except in
pursuance of that appropriation. That was
the old practice. An appropriation of money
i for more than two years for the Army and Navy
is in violation of the Constitution, and the
appropriation of money for a distant future is
in violation of good principle. The. English
Government dare not and would not attempt it.
No Government in England would be main-
tained that would undertake to expend three
years after the appropriation money that was
in the annual budget. The plan that I now
suggest is the one adopted in England. Each
year the budget aa made up by the chancellor
of the exchequer states exactly how much
money he wants for every item of expenditure
daring the yew, and appropriations are made
in accordance with that budget, and there is
no power to exeeed it. If the ministry are
compelled to take, money without an appro-
priation they h ve to call upon Parliament for
a bill of indemnity, and that process is gone
through with frequently.
.To avoid that,.from time to time we author-
ized the President in rare cases, and afterward
the heads of Departments, to make transfers of
appropriations, and that has brought us into
the difficulty. Now; having cut off the power
of transfer, the,next thing is to carry all the
unexpended balances to the surplus fund, and
when we have done that we have restored agaiD
to Congress its power over the appropriations.
Then fro moneyoau be taken from the Treasury
fvithout an appropriation made by law in the
last previous annual appropriation lulls.
But in regard to this matter I shall follow
the lead of the Committee on Appropriations
in (his particular case, because 1 am told that
thousands of men, employed as I think without
sufficient consideration, certainly without any
express authority of Congress or even without
the contemplation of Congress, are now sud-
denly discharged from the various navy-yards
of the United States The. work in which they
have been engaged: is prpbablj unfinished.
They having engaged in a §erviqe of this kind,
expecting permanent employment, it would
be wrong, perhaps, and unjust to them to dis-
charge them in the midst of winter inthepresent
condition ofaffairs. I think, therefore, it would
be better to continue the work thuB commenced
until a time at least when these men can be
properly discharged, or so that the work in which
they are engaged may be put in a condition
where it will not suffer from neglect or decay or
injury. If the work on these vessels waB now
suddenly interrupted by.the refusal of Congress
to make this transfer, or to make a new appro-
