1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3825
oa the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. BRAKE. I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri accepts the amendment to the amend-
ment. The question recurs on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri as modified.
Mr. BAYARD. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it too late to move to
strike out a portion of the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out the
whole of the last proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to strikeout the whole of the
last proviso, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That whenever any pardon
shall have heretofore been granted by the President
of the United States to any person bringing suit in
the Court of Claims for the proceeds of abandoned
or captured property under the said act approved
March 12,1863, and the acts amendatory of the same,
and such pardon shall" recite, in substance, that such
person took part in the late rebellion against the
Government of the United States, or was guilty of
any act of rebellion against, or disloyalty to, the
United States, and such pardon shall have beeu ac-
cepted in writing, by the person to whom the same
issued, without an express disclaimer of and pro-
testation against such fact of guilt, contained in such
acceptance, such pardon and acceptance shall bo
taken and deemed in such suit in the said Court of
Claims, and on appeal therefrom, conclusive evi-
dence that such person did take part in and give aid
and comfort to the late rebellion, and did not main-
tain true allegiance to or consistently adhere to the
United States; and on proof of such pardon and
acceptance, which proof may bo heard summarily on
jnotion or otherwise, the jurisdiction of the court in
the cuie shall ccase, and the court shall forthwith
dismiss the suit of such claimant.
Mr. CASSERLY. The effect of that, pro-
viso is that where some uninformed man, or
some man in considerable tribulation of spirit,
and only too happy to get pardoned upon any
terms, receives one containing a certain re-
cital of his guilt, and happens to acknowledge
it in writing without protesting against the
recital contained in the pardon, he shall be
deemed to be estopped from proving its un-
truth and his own loyalty, his own innocence
of any offense against the Government in the
war. It may be true that such a proviso as
that will save some money to the Government;
and it is quite probable that that was the spirit
in which the zealous law agent of the Govern-
ment drew it up; but I submit to the Senate
whether this is a proviso which ought to be
retained in the bill. The Government of the
United States is too great a Government to
take advantage of the alarm, of the trepida-
tion, of the ignorance of any applicant for a
pardon. Few men, I think, would have thought
of the very precaution the omission of which
this amendment now makes conclusive evi-
dence of guilt. I think with that proviso out
the amendment will be strong enough, and it
does seem to me it will be sufficient to satisfy
every reasonable demand even of the most
pronounced Senators on the other side.
Mr. FOWLER. Here is a proposition that
was gotten up by a law officer of the Govern-
ment because he was disappointed in depriving
a loyal citizen really of the value of a certain
amount of cotton which the Government came
along and took after he had taken the oath of
amnesty. Having his own feelings enlisted in
the cause, thinking he ought to have gained it,
although told by an excellent lawyer before-
hand that he would lose that cause before the
Supreme Court, he prepares a measure for the
purpose of cutting out every other claim of the
kind, no matter how just it may be, or how few
there are to receive the benefits of it. The
Government of the United States got that
man's property; they have his money in their
Treasury; and yet the object of this measure
is to deprive him of the opportunity, after he
has complied with every request the Govern-
ment has made and in good "faith, of receiving
back the proceeds of his property.
41sr Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 240,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment, to strike out the
proviso which has just been read.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out the
word "conclusive," in the fifty-third line, and
to substitute the words " prima fade."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The_ Seoretary
will read the clause as it will stand if amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We all understand it.
The Chief Clerk. The clause, if amended
as proposed, will read:
Such pardon and acceptance shall bo taken and
deemed in such suit in said Court of Claims, and on
appeal therefrom, prima facie evidence that such
persons did take part in and givoaid and comfort to
tbe late rebellion, &e.
Mr. OASSERLY. The amendment is to allow
the party to show by proof that the recitals in
the pardon are not true, and that he was inno-
cent of any offense against the Government.
I trust there will bo no objection to that mod-
ification, at least.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely state that that
weakens the present state of the law by just
about one half from what the statutes we have
tried to pass to save these cases from improper
breaches on the Treasury already provide for.
That is all 1 wish to say.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, sir, what I wish to
say is, that it is the most odious estoppel that is
011 record to-day in the statutes of any civil-
ized Government, if that is the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) I have no
doubt it seems so to you.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not hear the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I ought not to have interrupted him. I
meant; to have expressed that I had no doubt
of the sincerity of the assertion of my friend
from California that he thought so.
Mr. CASSERLY. Neither have I any doubt
of the sincerity of the Senator from Vermont,
for a man has to be as sincere as he is not
to see how odious the proviso is that he is
maintaining. I do not think there is a parallel
for it in civilized legislation, out of Russia. I
ask the Senate whether they will not give a
man who received a pardon, and by inadvert-
ence forgot to put a disclaimer in writing, the
opportunity to show his innocence, if he is
innocent?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before us, but not in the
Court of Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us understand what the
meaning of tliis motion is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to strike out the word "conclusive" and in-
sert 11 prima facie."
Mr. DRAKE. I know what the motion is;
but I simply wish in a few words to show what
the effect of it is. The provision as it stands
now simply declares that the issuing of a par-
don to a man, and his acceptance of it, shall
be taken as conclusive evidence that he did
give aid and comfort to the rebellion. What
is his acceptance of the pardon without pro-
test if he did not do that, if he did not give
aid to the rebellion ; if that was not evidence
of the fact? It is only laying down a rule of
evidence for the government of the Court of
Claims: and why should we make it any less
than conclusive on that point when on every
other the pardon is perfectly conclusive ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted^-yeas 16, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Davis,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Salisbury, Sawyer,
Spencer, Vipjcers, and Yfarncr—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Willey, and Wil-
liams—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Fenton, Ferry, Hamlin,
Harris, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patter-
son, Pool, Bevels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Schurz,
Sprague, Stockton, Thayer. Thurman, Trumbull,
wilson, and Yates—27,
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, as modified, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Ames, Anthony.Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Cra-
frin.Drako, Edmunds, Flanagan,Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
ltice, Scott, Sherman, Stowart, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and Williams—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kellogg, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton,
Thurman, and Vickers—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Carpentor,Cattell. Colo,
ConkliSg, Fcnton, Ferry, Hamlin, Harris, Lewis,
Norton, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Robertson, Schurz.
Thayer, Wilson, and Yates—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the bill in the clause making appropriation for
the Fifth Auditor's office, page 19, line four
hundred and fifty, by striking out "two " and
inserting "four," so as to provide for four
clerks of class four.
Mr. POMEROY. We are entirely unable to
hear the Senator on this side of the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine has the old bill, not the reprinted
bill. The amendment is on page 20 of the
reprinted bill, in the paragraph in regard to
the Fifth Auditor's office.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine has the floor, and the motion is
not in order while he is on the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator will
move it, then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I may after
awhile. I will state to the Senate that this
amendment is to add two additional clerks of
class four ; and it is rendered necessary by an
amendment proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations, striking out all the appropri-
ations for temporary clerks. The committee
have struck out in all instances the pay for
temporary clerks ; and that makes it necessary
to give an additional permanent force in lieu
of the temporary clerks. I therefore move in
that clause, line four hundred and fifty, to
strike out "2 " and insert "4;" in the same
line, to strike out "4" and insert "8;" in
line four hundred and fifty-one, to strike out
" 7 " and insert " 8; " and also to strike out
" 15 " and insert " 11;" in line four hundred
and fifty-two, to strike out "C" and insert
" 7; " also to strike out " $5,400 " and insert
"$6,300;" in line fourhundred and fifty-three,
after the word "messenger," to insert "one
assistant messenger; " also, to strike out
"one laborer" and insert "two laborers;"
and also to strike out "$49,760" and insert
" $58,700."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the paragraph in regard to the
Fifth Auditor's office, as proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Maine.
Tbe Chief Clerk. The clause, if amended
as proposed will read:
For the Fifth Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000;
four clerks of class four; eight clerks of class throe ,
eight clerks of class two; eleven clerks of olass one;
seven eppyists, SS.300: one messenger; one assistant
messenger, and two laborers, §Qo,<u0.
