1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4769
nent American of a man of honor, and not take
a French scribbler to write the history of any
countryman of mine.
Mr.^STE WART. Mr. President, perhaps, as
I was a member of the sub-committee of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad who exam-
ined this subject, it may be proper for me to
say a word upon it. The bill for the Transcon-
tinental road was referred to that committee,
with several other railroad bills. The Memphis
and El Paso was the predicate of the legisla-
tion that was asked for by the Transcontinental
road. It was objected, by a good many southern
men, that there were no southern interests rep-
resented in the construction of that road, and
that there ought to be. It was. also objected
that the Memphis and El Paso company was
in debt. It was further alleged that certain
transactions of that company in Europe were
irregular.
We commenced an investigation of the sub-
ject; and finally, after a great deal of talk
with the parties interested, we came to the
conclusion that the best way to accomplish a
result that all desired was to bring in a new
bill, with new incorporators, and allow the
company thus organized, with the new incor-
porators, to make whatever arrangement for
consolidation they might desire, with the vari-
ous companies that were claiming rights. The
Memphis and El Paso was not the only one.
There was the Southern Pacific of Texas, and
then there were various railroad companies
that had been inaugurated for the purpose of
making connections with the main-trunk line,
and who desired to make those connections.
I have labored, for one, to see these conflict-
ing interests harmonized, believing that that
was the only way to produce good results.
That course avoided any necessity of investi-
gating the condition of the Memphis and El
l'aso road, as to whether such a company, if
this road were organized upon it as a basis,
would be able to construct the work. In that
way we were relieved from any examination
as to whether it was embarrassed or not. It
is true there was an incidental examination as
to the Transcontinental road; but this course
was adopted, and the affairs of General Fre-
mont were investigated to some extent. Some
persons who objected to making the Memphis
and El Paso the predicate of this new road
raised objections to General Frfemont, and the
transactions referred to in France were par-
tially examined; but I understood that that
matter was dropped, and I hardly think it fair
now to enter into that collateral investigation.
There is a difference of opinion as to whether
the Memphis and El Paso company has a
valid grant in the State of Texas. Some of
«s who have examined that question think that
it has ; others think that it has not. But that
is a matter that there is no necessity for this
Senate to decide upon. There is no necessity
for1 the Senate to decide whether the Southern
Pacific company has a valid grant or not.
We propose to organize a company with full
power, leaving it free to make any arrange-
ment that it chooses, and it is perfectly proper
that in making such an organization, there
being so many interested in the result, that
there should be in this bill as incorporators per-
sons representing all the interests concerned.
It is perfectly proper that persons represent-
ing theinterests of the road known as the Mem-
phis and El Paso road should be included, and
persons interested in the Southern Pacific,
&nd persons interested in forming the connec-
tion from Arkansas, and persons interested
in forming the connection from Louisiana;
because the success of the enterprise depends
upon putting the men into the bill who are
interested in having a road, and having them
all fairly represented. There was no other
way of enforcing the great purpose of having
a Southern Pacific railroad.
My labors so far have been directed to that
one object, to harmonize all these conflicting
interests. My advice has always been to get
41 sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 299.
all the interests in favor of this road to har-
monize, and organize a main trunk company,
with power to consolidate with the various
branches, so as to secure success.
In thus forming a company it is very natural
and proper that, among others, the name of
General Frfemont should be inserted. I do not
suppose there is any Senator who thinks that
there is anything in the history or character of
General Fr6monttliat makes the fact of putting
hisname into this bill a reason for an investi-
gation into his private character, and into the
affairs of the Memphis and El Paso Railroad
Company. There are plenty of men named in
the bill who are good business men, who can
investigate the standing of the Memphis and
El Paso, and the Southern Pacific, and all
these other companies, and make their own
arrangements. They can take care of them-
selves. All interests are represented. Gen-
eral Fremont will be there to represent his
interests and take care of them. Others can
take care of theirs.
I regret exceedingly that anything should
have occurred that made the chairman of the
committee feel it necessary to go into this mat-
ter at all. I hardly think that the American
people believe, or that anybody believes that
General Fr6mont has been so far forgetful of
his duty as a man of honor and a business man
as to do anything that would make him unfit to
be one of one hundred and fifteen men to
organize a-company for the purpose of build-
ing this Southern Pacific railroad.
I have had nothing to do with putting any
of these names in the bill. I know nothing
about them except from the representations of
those who have inserted them. They say they
are men of character, who will look after the
interests of the road, and that it will be safe in
their hands. I regret that there should have
been this collateral discussion. It is unfair to
have a collateral investigation in this way.
Without passing any judgment upon General
Fremont one way or the other, I say that a
collateral investigation into a man's character
in the Senate, where he lias no opportunity to
defend himself, is unfair, and ought not to be
regarded as an investigation. And now, since
there has been said what has been said, wo
ought not to be compelled to enter further into
this collateral discussion.
The name of General Fremont must now go
into the bill, or you condemn him unheard.
You have created that absolute necessity. I
do not suppose that any Senator now will vote
against putting General Fremont's name into
the bill, because on a collateral investigation,
not necessary to determine the case, this mat-
ter has come up. If you reject him, you declare
him guilty, not only of ordinary peccadilloes
and frauds and irregularities, but you say he
j is so far gone (and I do not suppose my fneud
| from Michigan will say that) that he is unfit
1 to be one of one hundred and fifteen men in
i the organisation of a railroad company. I do
not suppose that the Senator from Michigan
himself intends to go as far as that. I suppose
he knows that General Fremont is surrounded
by other men. He would not want to pass his
own judgment upon him without further invest-
igation. As a judge, he would want to inquire
further before lie would pronouncc judgment.
Now, if the Senate wero to refuse to insert his
name, it would be passing judgment that
General Fremont is unfit under all the cir-
cumstances to be one of one hundred and
fifteen men to organize a company, which com-
pany is to have power to make such^ arrange-
ments as it pleases with the Memphis and El
Paso, the Southern Pacific of Texas, and all
these other companies that are named, so as
to make it a success.
After all the trouble that has been had to
get at a general agreement to harmonize mat-
ters and give the southern people a Pacific
railroadl hope there will be no objection to any
individual name on any collateral investigation
that shall prevent the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, let uslook
for a moment at the real status of the case.
The Com mittee on the Pacific Railroad reported
a bill here some time ago containing, a list of
about seventy-five corporators, whose names
they recommended to be inserted in the bill.
It will not be doubted that the committee
acted in good faith, and on the best informa-
tion they could obtain in regard to the char-
acter and fitness of the persons whose names
were thus inserted.
I may be allowed, perhaps,*to say that the
committee themselves discussed the propriety
of inserting the name of General Fremont in
the bill; and that a large majority of them
were opposed to it, and hence it did not appear
in the bill.
Now, while the bill is up for consideration,
a Senator rises in his place, after the amend-
ments have been almost all acted upon and
disposed of, and offers not merely the name
of General FrSmont as a corporator, but the
names of some one hundred and twenty other
persons connected with him, and offers this as
a substitute for the whole list of corporators
embraced in the original bill; and the ques-
tion now before the Senate is, whether this
amendment thus presented by the Senator
from Nevadashall be adopted or not. That is
the simple issue now before the Senate.
The objection which I made to the amend-
ment thus offered by the Senatorfrom Nevada
related particularly, I admit, to the connec-
tion which General Fr6mont had had with the
transactions of the Memphis and El Paso Rail-
road Company in France. I thought, and still
think, that whatever may have been his former
merits as a man, as a statesman, as a scholar,
his connection with these transactions in Paris
satisfied me that he is not a fit and proper per-
son to head the list thus presented of the cor-
porators in this new company, nor to be among
them at all. I endeavored to give my reasons,
as I was bound to do upon the challenge hurled
at me by tlio honorable Senator from Illinois,
'[Mr. Tuumbui,l,] calmly, considerately, and in
every respect based upon evidence and docu-
ments in my possession. I felt this to be my
duty. It was my duty to do the best I could
in that regard, after having been defied to it by
the honorable Senatorfrom Illinois. I use the
word not intending any personal offense to
him; but he demanded it of me, and I was
provoked into it; I was challenged to it, and
it was my duty to meet the demand of that
honorable Senator as best I might. If I had
shrunk from it after that challenge I should
have been guilty of a dereliction, and should
certainly have exposed myself to the imputation
of a wanton assault upon General Frimont—
a position which I do not choose to occupy.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada, disdaining, in the exaltation of his rhet-
oric, to take the slightest notice of the real facts
which I presented to the Senate, speaks in
terms of the utmost contempt of the French
who have been imposed upon by the agents
and officers of the El Paso Railroad Company
in France. Sir, with this I cannot sympathize.
I cannot say of a countryman of mine whom I
believe to have mismanaged affairs abroad that
I will uphold him in all events, whatever may
have been his faults, as against imputations of
misconduct coming from foreigners with whom
he has resided. I do not see any justice in
this course. Justice and honor, let me say to
that honorable Senator, require us to deal out
to the Frenchman the same measure of consid-
eration, charity, and respect as belongs to our
own countrymen.
I do not propose toreviewthe argument fur-
ther ; but when it is sought to belittle the trans-
actions in Paris to which I referred in the
speech I made, when it is sought to treat with
contempt the sufferings of the French people
who complain of the injustice that has been
done them, and to characterize these trans-
actions with contemptuous epithets and scorn,
I can only say that I do not think that style of
