1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
merit of the appropriations made for the then
succeeding fiscal year, from June 30, 1868, to
June 30, 1809, and to show that the expenses
of the administration of the Government under
Congress, as it was then administered, were
proportionably greatly reduced below that of
Mr. Buchanan's administration, which he con-
ceded to be the last Democratic Administration
which this country had had. He then pro-
ceeded to use the language which tlie Clerk
will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" These comparisons might be quite indefinitely
continued, exhibiting in each item the same result,
and demonstrating with mathematical certaintythat
when we take into account the vast increase of pop-
ulation and the rapid and unprecedented develop-
ment of our country during the time the Kepub-
1 ican party has been in power, and when we take into
further account the fact that we have been all the
while subjected as a necessity of the war to the dis-
advantageof highpricesresulting from paper money;
taking, .1 say, these facts into account, X assert and
defy contradiction that large a? our expenditures
have necessarily been they have yet been on a scale
of economy and fidelity quite unknown during the
last Democratic Administration that afflicted the
eoantry. And t assert further, and I call both polit-
ical friend and foe to the witness stand in support
ot my declaration, that whenever and whurovorUen-
cral Grant has been able to control governmental
expenditure economy, integrity, fidelity, and rigid
retrenchment and reduction have been the unvary-
ing result.
" Consider further, Mr. Chairman, that whiie the
Republican party has been providing the means for
these expenditure.-; they have been at the same time
effecting immense reductions in the public debt and
continually and largely reducing taxation. Within
the throe years that have elapsed since the war closed
and tho Army was mustered out wo have reduced
the public debt between two and three hundred mil-
lion dollars, and at each session of Congress, while
this reduction of the debt was going on, we have
taken off millions upon millions of taxation from the
productive industry of tho nation. At tho first ses-
sion oftlie Thirty-Ninth Congress, tho first that con-
vened after the close of the war, taxes were reinovod
that had the preceding: year yielded a revenue of
860,000,000, and at tho second session of tho samo
Congress 841,000,000 more of taxes wero promptly
repealed. The fortieth Congress has not been be-
hind tho Thirty-Ninth in this respect, for we have
alroady repealed taxes that last year gave us a
revenuo of 490,000,000, And to-day the taxes of
the Eederal Government are so wisely adjusted and
colloeted from such few sources that no man feels
them burdensome, oppressive, or exacting. Dema-
gogues may misrepresent and partisans may assail,
but the people know and feel that to-day the taxes
levied by thei oderaKiovernnientarenotanoppres-
sion to the individual and not a hinderance to the
development of the industrial resources of the land."
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, that speech
was evidently intended for a campaign speech.
It was distributed throughout the length and
breadth of this country, I believe, during the
campaign of 1868. I know it was scattered
over my district like the leaves of the forest.
The copy from which the Clerk has just read
is one which I found in my own district during
that canvass. In that campaign, if I remem-
ber its history correctly, the expenses of Mr,
Johnson's administration proper cut very little
if any figure at all. The question what was
Congress doing with the money of the people,
together with the very many questions growing
out of reconstruction, ocsupied principally the
attention of the country at that time.
Now, sir, that speech claimed great credit
forthe Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses;
claimed that the public money was being eco-
nomically expended, and the burdens of the
people were being rapidly relieved; and when
the gentleman from Massachusetts asserts that
the administration of Andrew Johnson was
profligate, that too much money was spent
during that period, I quote against him the
testimony of the distinguished gentleman from
Maine, the present Speaker of this House.
Now, the question arises which is entitled to
the most weight as Republican testimony ? I
do not want on that question to disparage the
statements of the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes;] but, sir, I must
remind him of the fact that since that speech
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] was
delivered to this House during a previous Con-
gress he has been elected Speaker of this
body, while the gentleman from Massachusetts
has not quite enjoyed that distinguished honor.
So I think in settling the question of credibil-
ity I do not disparage him when I say, looking
upon it merely as Republican testimony, the
statement of the gentleman from Maine ought
rather to be received.
Mr. Chairman, I have always believed, and
I think I may safely assert to-day, there were
two controlling causes which gave success to
the Republican ticket in 1868. One was the
failure of the Conservative elements, as we
term them, to suitably combine against the
Radical party, and the other was the promi-
nent position and personal popularity of the
Republican candidate, General Grant. Pres-
ident Grant was reported to have said, a few
weeks after the election in that year, that ac-
cording to his understanding of the matter he
had elected the Republican party, and not that
the Republican party had elected him. I do
not know that he made any such remark; I
am not prepared to charge that he ever did,
but I do charge that he could with perfect
propriety have made just such a remark as
this, because the truth of it was amply sus-
tained by the events of that year.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when an estimate is
submitted for our consideration I think it
proves very little to tell us a larger or smaller
estimate may have been made by some one
else at some other time. When we meet these
questions in the spirit in which men occupying
our positions ought to^meet them there are but
very few legitimate inquiries to be made it
seems to me. The first is, is the estimate a
reasonable one; is it needed fay the public ser-
vice? The next question is, have we sufficient
means to meet it, and have we reason to be-
lieve that the money will be properly expended
if it should be appropriated ? When satisfied
of these I think the committee ought to make
the appropriation in accordance with the esti-
mates submitted.
Sir, there are many things in this country
worth more than any ordinary sum of money.
One is good government represented by whole-
some laws; another is the honest execution of
these laws everywhere. The people are not
going to higgle or cry about a few millions
more or less, provided the money asked for
and the money appropriated is necessary for
the public service or to sustain the honor and
integrity of the country. There are many things
the people of the country might well afford to
spend many millions of dollars for. They could
afford to spend money for a better system of
finance and for a better system of currency,
one giving the far-off people of the South and
of the West more currency of a reliable kind
than they now have. They might afford to
spend millions for a better system of taxation,
internal as well as external. They might prop-
erly spend millions to get rid of the system of
reconstruction forced upon the country by the
Republican party, which holds the country in
chains and really degrades all the States of
this Union. In my judgment they could afford
to spend millions of money for other reforms
which this country so much needs, provided
money would purchase all these.
But these are not the questions submitted to us
now. V< e are now simply inquiring where the
money has gone that has been already expended
and whether the bill under consideration is a
proper one to be passed. To the particular bill
under consideration I make no objection as a
whole. I am willing it shall pass. What I com-
plain of with regard to the estimates submitted
to the present Congress, and which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] criti-
cised in his speech, is that they are in many
instances unnecessary and in others extrava-
gant. They do not in many respects comply
with the law. They do not give the details when
details are important to their understanding.
We have to resort to external aid even to ascer-
tain how much money the country is expending
during the present year. Neither Congress nor
the people can tell from them how much money
we are really spending under existing laws. We
are assured that President Grant is in favor of
economy, and I trust he is. I have always
believed that he is a better man than the aver-
age of his party leaders are. I am willing to go
further and say that perhaps he is a better man
than the average of his party, both rank and file.
The people evidently thought so in 1868, or
they would not have elected him President. I
am willing, sofarashe is personally concerned,
to take his promises of economy on trust to a
certain extent and to give him a fair trial. As
acting Secretary of War under President John-
son, he was much more economical than his
immediate predecessor, Mr. Stanton. But, sir,
he is only one of an immense horde of public
officers charged with the expenditure of the
public money. Without faithful subordinates
and an economical Congress he cannot reduce
the expenses of the Government. Let us not
betoo sanguine thatnoneof the people's money
will be wasted as in times past.
I believe the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] and myself both came here with
the advent of the administration of Mr. Bu-
chanan. The gentleman will perhaps remem-
ber that every year during that Administration
President Buchanan recommended to us, in
his annual messages, the revision of the tariff,
and that his recommendations for a revision of
the tariff laws were made mainly in the interest
of protection. Now it is well known that Presi-
ident Buchanan's recommendations in these
respects did not meet with any very general
response from his party friends in Congress ;
and finally, a distinguished gentleman on this
side of the House took it upon himself to wait
on Mr. Cobb, then the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the chief financial officer of the Adminis-
tration, and to remonstrate with him on the
course President Buchanan was pursuing,
charging that in what he did he was not acting
in harmony with the party that elected him.
Mr. Cobb, after making' a faint effort at an
apology, responded that—
" With us members of the Cabinet it has been well
understood from the start that the President on this
tariff question is opposed to the present Administra-
tion."
Now, sir, President Grant may be earnestly
in favor of economy, but if he really be so I
fear he will find himself on that point at least
in opposition to the present and in the end in
a very hopeless minority. If in such an event
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
can support the President in his efforts at econ-
omy, and at the same time successfully defend
the Administration against his own charges of
extravagance, he will have performed a "two-
horse '' act which but few men have ever accom-
plished without coming unceremoniously and
ungracefully in the end to the ground. He
will then be justly considered the great political
bare-back rider of the age.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio, obtained the floor.
Mr. NIBLACIv. I should like to have a few
minutes more to finish my remarks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman being allowed to proceed
if it does not come out of my time.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The committee cannot
give unanimous consent.
Mr. NIBLACIC. Then I ask leave to print
the remainder of my remarks.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the Chair what time remains for general
debate?
The CHAIRMAN. Twenty-three minutes
are left of the hour and a quarter allowed for
general debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I call the gentlemen on the other side of the
House to witness that very few times on this
floor have I made what may be called partisan
remarks. I take no pleasure in doing so.
Party speeches become another forum rather
than this. But there are times when I think
it proper to respond to partisan speeches.
We are debating a deficiency bill, a bill to
appropriate money to carry on the Govern-
ment. And in connection with tl^e bill gen-
