2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
The pay of all the above below the rank of
brigadier general is to be increased ten per
cent, for every five years' service, but the pay
of colonel is not to exceed $4,500 in any case.
The present pay of the Navy authorized by
law is as follows:
Admiral, ranking with General of the Army, $10,000
Vice Admiral, ranking with Lieutenant Gen-
eral  7,000
Shore duty    6,000
Hear admirals, ranking with major generals, 5,000
Shore duty    4,000
Commodores.rankingwithbrigadiergenerals, 4,000
Shore duty  3.200
Captains, ranking with colonels  3,500
Shore duty  2,500
Commanders, ranking with lieutenant col-
onels  2,800
Shore duty      2,240
Lieutenant commanders, ranking with ma-
jors   2,343
Shore duty    1,875
Lieutenants, ranking with captains  1,875
Shore duty  1,500
Masters, ranking with first lieutenants  1,500
Shore duty  1,200
Ensigns, ranking with second lieutenant?  1,200
Shore duty  960
It will be readily seen that the Navy pay is
less than that provided in the Army bill; and
if the pay is to be equalized it should be done
by law and not by an arbitrary order. How
far the right to prize money goes to equalize
the present pay I need not now consider.
I regret that I can find nothing anywhere to
relieve this transaction, except that it is but
fair and reasonable to suppose that the present
Secretary regarded the matter as settled by his
predecessor, and that he had no reason for
believing that it was erroneously settled. But
I am forced to admit that a large sum of money
has been taken out of the Treasurv under the
order of Secretary Wells in violation of law.
Mr. MORGAN. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the pay fixed by the military bill as
salaries of officers of the Army is greater than
the pay fixed by law for the officers of the Navy
with the increase of thirty three and one third
per cent.?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir;
I say nothing of the kind. I say that the pay
now received under existing laws, without any
regard to the thirty-three and one third per
cent., is a trifle less than the pay of the officers
of the Army as fixed in the bill passed by the
House a short time ago. For instance, the
General of the Army receives a salary of
$12,000, while the Admiral, holding like rank,
receives $10,000.
Mr. MORGAN. I trust my friend will ex-
cuse me for putting another question and I will
not interrupt him again.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If itdoes
not come out of my time I have no objection
to being interrupted.
The CHAIRMAN. It does come out of the
gentleman's time unless the committee shall
otherwise order. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I yield
to the gentleman. •
Mr. MORGAN. I am sure that the object
of the honorable gentleman who has reported
this bill and my own is the same, the benefit
of the public service. It is important—for I
have grave charges to make to this House—it
is important that the House should distinctly
understand what is the nature and condition
of the bill on which it will soon be called to
vote. When the gentleman refers to the sala-
ries of these officers, which grade of officers
does he refer to? There are three grades.
Does he mean those on shore duty or those
who have leave of absence ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the gentleman will not interrupt me further. I
will endeavor to enlighten him on all these
points.
Mr. MORGAN. I thank the gentleman for
the courtesy he has extended to me thus far,
and will not interrupt him again.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection to the interruptions except that
they use up my time, and I prefer to go on. I
will state here that it was the understanding
of the committee and the intention of the com-
mittee that a clause should be reported which
should define the pay of these officers, and I
am instructed to offer an amendment for that
purpose.
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not want the gentle-
man from Wisconsin to labor under the mis-
apprehension that there were no members of
the House who, when that law passed, knew
that the pay of officers of the Navy was raised
by it. I knew it, and I think my colleague
[Mr. Ivki.t.ey] was aware that we had raised
the pay of naval officers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot
yield for a speech. I simply say that there is
nothing on the record to show that fact. I
have looked over the Globe, and I see nothing
there to indicate that that was the opinion of
the House.
Mr. O'NEILL. It was understood.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That may
have been the understanding of some gentle-
men, but it certainly was not the understand-
ing of the House generally. I proceed with
the bill.
In the Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting
the appropriation is reduced $500,000 from
the estimates. This bill appropriates $1,500,-
000 against $800,000 last year ; but last year's
appropriation was made in view of the fact of
an unexpended balance on hand of $1,541,-
562. In view of the largely diminished con-
sumption of coal in consequence of the use of
sails on our war ships it is believed that the
appropriation proposed will be ample.
The appropriation for the Bureau of Navi-
gation is about the same as last year.
The appropriations for the Ordnance Bureau
exceed those of last year by $123,000, and
this by the reason of the construction author-
ized of ten fifteen-inch guns to arm the case-
mated ship Colossus, (formerly Kalamazoo,)
now on the stocks, and $00,000 for the ex-
pense of experiments in torpedoes. I would
remark that the Navy Department is engaged
in experimenting with torpedoes and torpedo
boats, and there is good reason for believing
that torpedoes will hereafter prove a sure ana
cheap means of coast defense, and, applied to
boats built for the purpose, will prove very
formidable means of offense in a warfare upon
the ocean, before which the stoutest iron-clad a
will be powerless. The amount appropriated
by this bill the committee think can be very
wisely expended in perfecting this mode of
warfare.
The Bureau of Construction and Repair asks
I for $7,975,000 for the following purposes:
1 For completing five war sloops now on the
stocks $2,100,000
For expense of receiving-ships  50,000
For preservation of iron-clads  150,000
For coast defense and practice vessels  80,000
For tools and machinery in navy-yards  140,000
For sheds over timber and over thips  160,000
For repairs of vessels abroad  250,000
For transportation by water  60,000
For material by contract  1,600,000
For material by purchase  400,000
For vessels in ordinary  50,000
For labor in navy-yards and on foreign sta-
tions   2,210,000
7,250,000
  725,000
Add for omissions ten per cent..
Total $7,975,000
The committee have cut this down by strik-
ing out the appropriation to finish the ships
altogether, and have reduced the other items
so as to make an aggregate of $3,580,000,
being $1,030,000 more than last year. There
was on hand in this bureau a balance on the
30th of June last $1,767,888 10, and appro-
priated for the current year $2,500,000 by last
Congress, and $1,500,000 the present session,
making a total of $5,767,888 10 that will be
expended by this bureau the present year.
That large sum has all been expended in the
repair of ships, and the report of the Secretary
of the Navy states that up to December 1
eighty-six war vessels had been repaired and
fitted for sea.
It ha3 come to the notice of the committee
that notwithstanding the immense sums that
have been expended on our Navy in the pas',
nine years the country only possesses a class
of naval ships that do us no credit either at
home or abroad. High naval authority declares
that we have not a single war ship that can be
regarded with pride or satisfaction. Admiral
Porter says that during our late war we had
but a single war ship that could overhaul a
blockade-runner in any fair race, and that ship
was the Vanderbilt, a merchant ship altered
into a war ship. It must be admitted that the
position of our Navy is most humiliating, not
only to the country but to the officers belonging
to that branch of the service. With a personnel
of which, with few exceptions, the country is
justly proud, our war ships are the derision
of the world. The last Army and Navy Regis-
ter of the United Kingdom declares " that, they
were entirely unprepared for the exhibit of the
American Navy, as set forth in their recent
naval report," and confess that they arise from
its perusal " with feelings not only of contented
but of delighted satisfaction."
With such results from the vast appropri-
ations heretofore made the Committee on Ap-
propriations are unanimously of the opinion
that before appropriating any great sums of
money to repair a class of vessels confessedly
useless as cruisers or fighting ships, it is bet-
ter to pause and consider the question of
our future policy. It is pretty evident that the
day of wooden ships is ended, and to go on
and expend millions to finish wooden ships on
the stocks, when it is evident that when com-
pleted they will prove as worthless as those we
now have, would be the height of folly. We
have now four new ships of the Wampanoag
class, costing $1,500,000 each, that are pro-
nounced worthless as war vessels. The Gov-
ernment has offered to sell them, and the best
intimation of an offer was $100,000 for the
best one, and it is hardly probable that they
could be sold for that. A very enterprising
and responsible steamship man in New York
has submitted a proposition that he will receive
them as a gift, and run them as a line of mer-
chant ships between New York and Liverpool,
and carry the United States mail, provided the
Government in addition to the ships will also
give him $25,000 a trip. The Government
might save money by giving them away, but to
give a man a large sum to take them can hardly
be necessary.
It has never been the policy of the United
States to maintain a large navy or standing
army in time of peace. We have no balance
of power on this continent tti maintain. In
Europe the case is different. England and
France have about kept pace in the last few
years in putting afloat a class of monster iron-
clads, which will be very good to fight each
other,but which,by reason of theirgreat draught
of water, can only enter one of our ports, and
there they would hardly venture in case of war,
as in that event our monitors and torpedoes
would soon send them to the bottom. In case
of war with England or France their huge and
expensive iron-clads would find little to do,
unless we should be guilty of the folly of build-
ing such ships and sending them out to fight
like ships of our enemy. Such huge and ex-
pensive ships would not be our want in case
of war.
If we are engaged in a war with England it
will not be her iron-clads that will sweep our
commerce from the ocean, but the swift subsi-
dized iron merchant ships that will at once be
converted into cruisers to prey upon our com-
merce. It is pretty evident that any future
war with the great Powers of the world will be
a war upon the ocean. In such a war our
great need will be swift cruisers to prey on the
commerce of our enemy. It would not be our
iron-clads, if we had them, that would strike
the rapid and fatal blows, but those swift ships
