1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3827
from Ohio moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
, The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 23, noes 21.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Cameron,
Casserly, Corbett, Drake. Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howard, Kellogg, MoCreery,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Scott, Spencer, Stockton, Sum-
ner. Thurman. Trumbull, Vickers. and Willey—2o.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Chand-
ler, Cragin, Edmunds, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Pomeroy, Ross,
Bawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Wil-
liams—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, jBrownlow, Carpenter,
CatteH, Cole, Conkling, Davis,Ponton, Ferry, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hams, Howell, Johnston,
Lewis, McDonald, Morton. Norton, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Schurz,
Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—31.
So the motion was agreed to; and the
Senate (at ten o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 26, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. L. D. Weidermax.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in answer to the resolution of the Senate
of the 23d instant, calling for the action, so far
as the same appears upon the files and records
of the Department of the Interior, of the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company of
Missouri, under the thirteenth section of the
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved
July 1, 1862; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
petitions and memorials
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of a committee of the warrant officers of
the United States Navy, praying an amend-
ment to the act of J-uly 2, 1804, authorizing
assimilated rank to be given to the warrant
officers of the United States Navy; which was
referred to the Committee ou Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONKLTNG presented proceedings of
a meeting of citizens of Newton county, in the
State of Texas, favoring the establishment of
certain post routes in the State; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented proceedings of a public
meeting held at Jasper, Texas, in favor of a
post route from Jasper to Rusk, via Homer,
in that State, and praying that Congress may
establish the same; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petitions of Friend
MeMahon, of Newton county, Texas, of George
A. Pattills, of Orange county, Texas, and of
David MeMahon, of Newton county, Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of
U. P. Monroe, of Nevada, formerly a citizen
of California, praying to he remunerated for
his expenditures and services in opening the
Sacramento river to steamboat navigation, and
also to be compensated for services rendered
in clearing the river of obstructions; which was
referred to the Committee ou Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Wil-
liam Beard, of Rockingham county, Virginia ;
of John M. Magson, of Winchester, Frederick
county, Virginia; of James R. Blackman, of
Fauquier county, Virginia; of Henry D. Pe-
ters, of Henry county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee ou the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
John W. Chapman, of Isle of Wight county,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
George W. Jones, praying compensation for
the refusal of the Government to carry out a
contract made with him for the delivery of
a certain amount of cloth for the use of the
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial
signed by a very considerable number of the
leading business men of San Francisco, which
relates to a subject of interest to the commerce
of the Pacific coast. It asks that steps be
taken by the Government for the removal of a
large and dangerous rock in the harbor of San
Francisco. It sets forth that an enterprise
recently undertaken there for the removal of
another rock has been attended with most sat-
isfactory results, the rock having been removed
to a depth of twenty-four feet at low water.
The rock in regard to which this memorial is
presented is, however, much more dangerous
to the commerce of the port than the one which
has been so successfully removed. It is within
four hundred yards of the line of the wharves,
and I may mention now that it was this rock
which came near wrecking, beyond all succor
or safety, the iron-clad monitor which you sent
out for the protection of that coast during the
war. They consider, as they set forth, that this
rock, known as Rincon rock, can be removed
at an expense not greater than that incurred
in the removal of the other rock, Blossom
rock, $75,000; and they urge upon the Gov-
ernment that that is a very small expenditure
indeed as compared with the urgency of the
work to be done. I move that the memorial
be laid on the table and printed, because I
think the Senate will be disposed to take the
course asked for without the delay of a refer-
ence to a committee.
The motion was agreed to.
stevens battery.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate joint
resolution No. 197, reported yesterday from the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is a mere
formal matter allowing the State of New Jersey
to accept a bequest.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving
the consent of Congress to the reception of a
certain bequest by the State of New Jersey,
under the will of the late Edwin A. Stevens.
The preamble recitestliatEdwin A. Stevens,
who was in his lifetime the owner of the ship
known as the Stevens battery, originally com-
menced under contiact for the United States
Government, and upon the building of which
large sums of money were spent by his brother
and himself, byhislast will and testament (the
United States having previously relinquished
all claims to said ship) loft the same to be
finished by his executors at an expense not
exceeding the sum of §1,000,000, and when
finished to be offered to the State ofNew Jersey
as a present to be by her received and disposed
of as the State should deem proper ; and that
doubts have been suggested as to the right of
the State to accept the bequest without the
consent of Congress under the prohibition of
the tenth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution of the United States. The joint reso-
lution, therefore, givesthe consent of Congress
that the State ofNew Jersey shall receive and
dispose of the ship according to the terms and
conditions of the bequest.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed. • ■ •
REPORTS OJ COMMITTEES. '
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the. bill (S.
No. 878) to.amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed, a
post road, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1808, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Massachusetts, in
favor of granting aid to the Cape Cod ship-
canal by the construction of a breakwater at
the eastern end of the canal, and having re-
ferred the matter to the Secretary of War he has
made a very interesting and valuable report;
and they ask that that report be printed and
recommitted t.o the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
. Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Rev. David X. Junkin, praying for the pas-
sage of an act to authorize the accounting
officers of the Treasury to balance the account
of his son, William M. Junkin, deceased, late
acting assistant paymaster United States Navy,
have instructed me to report it back with the
statement that since the introduction of this
petition a reexamination of the accounts of
this deceased officer has resulted in.ascertain-
ing that there is really no balance against him
to be accounted for and that no further action
is required. They therefore ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject, and that the petitioner be authorized
to withdraw his papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That order will
be made if there be 110 objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Susan A. Shelby, of Fort Gibson, Mis-
sissippi, praying compensation for cotton cap-
tured and sold by the United States, submitted
a report thereon, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 942) for the relief of Mrs. Susau A.
Shelby. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution (S. II. No. 90) to place the name of
Charles II. Pendleton on the Navy Register
as lieutenant commander, active list, reported
that the amendment of the House be non-con-
curred in ; and, on his motion, it was lion-con-
curred in and a conference was asked on the
diagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Messrs. Nye, Cragin, and Bayard were ap-
pointed the conferees on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II.
R. No. 225) for the relief of Pardon Worsley,
have instructed me to report it back with a
recommendation that it do not pass; but inas-
much as I understand that the Senator from
New York [Mr. Fbxton] takes some interest
in this measure, and he is not in his seat, I ask
that it go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar with the
adverse report.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 160) to regulate proceedings for the
naturalization of aliens, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 557) to amend the
several acts in relation to naturalization, ana
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) to extend
the provisions of section twenty-one of the act
approved July 17, 1862, to aliens who have or
mav enlist in the naval and marine service,
