1870:
THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
that could overtake and capture the commer-
cial vessels of our enemy. Great Britain, with
the view of extending her power upon the
ocean and increasing her commercial suprem-
acy, has adopted the policy of subsidizing most
of her long lines of steamers, and the result is,
that at a trifling cost in proportion to the cost
of maintaining her navy she has more than
doubled the power and efficiency of her navy
in time of war; for all her subsidized ships are
at the absolute control of the Government, and
may at the shortest notice be converted into
war ships. How formidable such ships would
be in case of war may be judged from the fact
that one of them, the Bombay, lately ran down
the war ship Oneida, and, without injury to
herself, passed on just as though nothing had
happened.
The United States has no such ships to rely
upon in case of war or danger, but must rely
upon such miserable hulks as we now have,
unless a different policy is adopted. The num-
ber of our naval vessels, such as they are, is
much greater than before the war, and the size
of our foreign squadrons has largely increased,
while our commerce requiring protection has
as largely diminished. As an instance, it has
been stated by an American sea captain before
a committee of this House that before the war
he was in the harbor of Rio with his ship, and
at the same time there were forty other Ameri-
can ships loading with coffee at that port, and
one United States war ship, the sathng ship
John Adams, which last was all that was deemed
necessary to support the dignity of our Govern-
ment or protect our commerce on that coast.
Four years ago the same captain was in the
harbor of Rio, and his ship was the only mer-
chant ship in port flying the American flag,
while to protect him there were seven Amer-
ican war ships. Can any one doubt that the
power and resources of this country were better
represented by the forty merchant ships than
the seven war ships? And such ships! Great
Britain, by the system she has adopted, can
convert several hundred of the swiftest iron
ships into cruisers, before whom what little
commerce we have would be swept from the
ocean in thirty days, while we have no such
ships. This is a most humiliating statement;
but as it is true it ought to be made, and ought
not to be disregarded, and it may be well con-
sidered whether Government could not wisely
divert a portion of the money now expended on
the Navy in aid of the building of a class of
ships that may be useful in time of peace or
war.
The Secretary of the Navy in his late report
calls attention to this subject in a manner so
forcible and appropriate that I quote his rec-
ommendations here:
" Ocean Steamert.
" There Is another element of defense against the
time of danger, perhaps as effective as any other,
availabletowiseandliberal statesmanship. Nations,
like men, hesitate to attack those who are prepared
to do them serious injury, and in the means of de-
structive aggression is often found the surest defense
against all who have anything to lose. Such means
would be at hand if we had lines of ocean-going
steamers established, running out of our ports in the
peaceful pursuit of commercial enterprise, but car-
rying our own flag and available to our Government
in time of need.
"The attention of thoughtful men has been much
directed to this subject, and all are looking to the
national Government for encouragement. To pro-
vide and protect the great means of commercial in-
tercourse, both domestic and international, is one of
* A1.™?1 purposes °f Government, for which it is
esta blished, and to which its resources may properly
be directed. Enterprises of such magnitude are un-
dertaken at great expense and risk of capital. Im-
portant elements of the public wealth and prosperity,
they are in their nature subject to the vicissitudes
of public policy. They thus assume a national char-
acter, and are, I think, tlie proper subjects for Gov-
ernment aid and direction.
'It will not become me todiscuss in this report the
many arguments of national prosperity and pride
which press the subject upon u?, but I may be per-
mitted to urge it as an important element of national
sarety. la support of this view I call attention to the
^ct that there are now running from the ports of New
lork, Boston, and Baltimore, for those of Europe,
over sixty powerful screw steamers, averaging nearly
tons each. These steamers, Carrying
the English ancM'rench and German flags, aro most
of them the results of wise liberality on thei part of
their respective Governments; and they now absorb
a very large proportion of the carrying trade across
the Atlantic. ' Their average time in crossing to and
fro in all weathers is not more than eleven days. Any
one of them could be quickly copverted into an effi-
cient and powerful ship of war, capablo of carrying
full-sail power and keeping the sea for any length
of time. IIore, then, is a heavy tonnage of possible
war vessels larger than that of our wnole Navy on
the 1st of January, 1868.
" Had our mercantile marine possessed such lines
at the breaking oat of the late war we might, instead
of permitting the rebels to introduce a vast amount
of war material before we could collect the means to
prevent it, have quickly closed every southern port.
" A comparatively small force of this kind, appro-
priately armed and let loose on the ocean under the
command of bold and intelligent officers, would be a
dangerous foe to the commerce of any country. Our
own was substantially driven from the seas by two
or three roughly-equipped vessels, much inferior in
power to those of which I have spoken. Thus it will
be seen that in giving up this field to the occupation
of other nations, and yielding to them the commer-
cial advantages which naturally belong to our own
position and resources, we at thesame time relinquish
onr own weapons and arm our possible enemies.
"We are looking with confidence for a large increase
in the commerce of the East, which will require a cor-
responding increase in the present means of rapid
transportation on both oceans; and in the interest
simply of the naval establishment and of so much of
the national defense as depends upon it, I earnestly
urge that measures be taken at this juncture to
induce our own merchants and ship-builders to
enter into this field of enterprise.
" Induccmentsshould bo held out to those who are
willing to undertake it to build steamers on plans
approved by the Navy Department, subject in case
of necessity to be taken by the Government at an
appraised value.
Those on the route between California and Japan
should be able at all times to protect themselves
against pirates and privateers, and all should be of
a class available in war.
"I do not, of course, suggest any particular plan
on this subject, and I speak of it only to show how
much thenaval establishment, in common with every
othernational interest, will be affected by its proper
solution."
Mr. O'NEILL. Did the sea captain, from
whom the gentleman quoted a moment ago,
ever account for the fact that while there may
be a hundred American merchantmen in the
port of Liverpool, and more for aught I know,
there is not one single American ship-of-war
there ? I want to know what the testimony of
this captain proves?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin.^ The cap-
tain did not say anything upon that subject. That
is all the answer I have to make. [Laughter.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I want to put the gentleman
right in this matter. The port of Rio Janeiro
is a port of rendezvous for our squadrons, and
there might be seven or eight men-of-warthere
at one time 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot
yield for a speech. I made the statement I did
for the purpose of indicating our declining com-
merce, rather than for the purpose of saying
anything derogatory of the Navy.
The Government was reminded but the othor
day by the managers of two English lines (the
Cunard and Inman) of the disgraceful fact that
nota single merchant steamer bearing the Amer-
ican flag now crosses the Atlantic, and they
refused longer to carry the United States mails
except upon such terms as they might dictate,
and this Government is at this moment entirely
dependent upon foreign ships for the transmis-
sion of her mails, under temporary arrange-
ments that may be terminated at any time. It
is not creditable to the country that this state
of things should continue, certainly not if there
is power in the Government to prevent it.
While the Government has in the most lib-
eral manner aided in opening up internal com-
munications by large subsidies of land and
money to railroads, and by appropriations for
improving the navigation of our rivers, our com-
merce upon the ocean has been left almost
entirely without protection of any kind. As
the prosperity of the country in time of peace
is greatly dependent upon our commerce, and
its security in time of war upon havitig a class
of swift merchant ship3 that can be readily
converted into swift cruisers, it is worthy of
seriousconsideration whether Congress should
not directly encourage the building of such
ships. It was stated "by Admiral Porter before
a committee of this House that if the country
had possessed a few such swift ships on the
breaking out of the war as the Cunard or In-
man lines, which could have been converted
speedily into war ships, an effectual blockade
could have been at once established and the
rebels never could have got out a pound of cot-
ton or procured supplies or munitions of war,
and the rebellion would have been strangled
almost at its birth.
Who can compute the loss in lives and money
consequent upon the want of a few such ships ?
One hundred and ten of such iron ships as I
have named, embracing a tonnage of three
hundred and six thousand tons, now compose
European lines visiting onr ports and owned
entirely by Europeans. Their annual earn-
ings are $35,000,000, which is mostly drawn
from the people of this country. The hun-
dreds of thousands of Europeans coming yearly
to our shores, nearly all of whom would pre-
fer to come under the flag of the country
whose citizens they are to become, not one of
them can do so in an American steamship.
Great Britain has one hundred and sixty-four
different lines of foreign steamers, some of the
lines owning a great number of ships—the
Cunard twenty-four, the Inmau seventeen, and
the Peninsular and the Oriental fifty-seven
ships. She has invaded every sea with her
iron steamers ; and the saying of Burke, that
the sun never sets upon the possessions of
England, afterward elaborated by Mr. Web-
ster that "her morning drum beat, following
the sun and keeping company with the hours,
encircles the earth daily with one continuous
and unbroken strain of the martial airs of
England," is more true and forcible now than
ever.
Not to dwell longer on this point, I will only
express the hope that Congress will profit by
the experience of the past, and adopt a policy
which the experience of other countries has
demonstrated to be efficient, economical, and
wise.
The appropriation for the Bureau of Steam
Engineering is $1,000,000, and is $350,000
more than last year, and $750,000 less than
the estimates ; but.it will be recollected that
we have transferred to this bureau $500,000
the present session, so that with the balance
of $240,000 on hand at the beginning of the
year, this bureau will have spent during the
year about $1,400,000, but the committee think
that $1,000,000 will be ample for next year.
The appropriations for the Bureau of Pro-
visions and Clothing are $781,050, agaiust
$1,500,000 last year, showing a large reduc-
tion ; and of Medicine and Surgery about the
same. The appropriations for the Naval Acad-
emy are about the same as last year, while
the Marine corps is increased $281,000, in
consequence of their balances being exhausted.
The question of extensions and improvements
in navy-yards will be considered in another bill,
and I do not care to discuss that subject here.
England is now having most of her work for
her navy done in private yards, and fin da great
advantage in doing so. No doubt exists that
the work done in our navy-yards costs from
twice to thrice as much as similar work in
private yards.
I have said all I care to say about the appro-
priations named in this bill: but I have added
to it a closing section, which is as follows, and
which I desire briefly to explain the reason
and necessity for
Mr. SCOPIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I suppose that the sum
of $100 is believed to be sufficient for one coal-
ing of a vessel. Does the gentleman think that
if a vessel is detained at a foreign port for want
of coal, or is obliged to stop to recoal there, it
ought to be detained long enough to advertise
