1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
the Committee on Naval Affairs will correct
me if I am mistaken—that they have actually
employed twice as many men in the navy-yards
as were employed a year ago. If so, nere is
the case of an executive department embark-
ing in a course of expenditure not justified by
the previous action of Congress. There may
be grave emergencies that would authorize an
executive officer to do this} but in such a case
as that a special message ought to be sent to
Congress giving the reasons why this extraor-
dinary expenditure was commenced and pur-
sued, and then Congress would act upon it. I
do not know that it is even alleged that any
such exigency has arisen.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
utterly opposed to this whole system of trans-
fers. Estimates are made by the different
Departments as to the expenditures for a given
time by each Department. Appropriations are
based on these estimates. If those appropri-
ations are drawn, well and good ; the Depart-
ments are authorized by law to draw them;
but if they are not they remain in the Treas-
ury, and they can never be taken from the
Treasury. This bill is as direct a demand on
the Treasury as though it appropriated at
once $4,000,000 in terms.
A year ago Congress indicated to the Navy
Department precisely how much money it
desired that Department to expend. It was
the duty of the Navy Department to bring its
expenditures within that appropriation; and
if there was a necessary deficiency, to put that
into the deficiency bill, and not in this covert
way attempt to obtain possession of $4,000,000
that does not belong to that Department and
ought not to be expended there. It belongs to
•heTreasury. I ask the Senator from Maine,
if he wants $4,000,000 for the Navy Depart-
ment, to come in with a bill appropriating that
amount and give the reasons for the appropri-
ation. Sir, that Department has gone on, as
he_himself said, and expended a year's appro-
priation inside of about six months. The offi-
cers of that Department knewhow much money
they had. Why did they not, therefore, bring
their expenditures within the sum that they
knew they had at their control ?. ■
I hope this bill will not pass. The money,
is in the Treasury and has always been there.
Not a dollar of it has ever been taken out.
This idea that you are making no appropria-
tion, but only transferring from one fund to
another, is simply an absurdity; for itisa direct
appropriation of so much money out of the
Treasury of the United States. I shall vote
against this and. all similar propositions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator from
■ Michigan uses one word which I do not fancy.
> Be talks about a "covert" movement. I do
not know whether the "covert" movement
relates to the Committee on Appropriations, or
whether it is a movement on the part of the
Department. I ask that Senator, if he has
examined the subject, what he means by a
" covert" movement ? So far as I know, the
committee have told the Senate precisely that
there was a deficiency in these two bureaus of
$4,000,000. I do not understand that there is
anything '' covert'' about that. I do not un-
derstand that the Committee on Appropriations
disguise any fact here, or have undertaken to
mislead the Senate. I tell that Senator square
and flat that there is a lack of $4,000,000 in
these two bureaus, and that is what I began
by saying.
Now, what is to be done? That is the only
question. Congress last year appropriated a
certain sum for the entire service of the Navy
department. As I have already said, they
made a mistake of $1,855,000 in the amount
, ey intended to appropriate to these two
i ?8 one half of the amount now
asked. That mistake originated from the sup-
position that there was more balance in the
■treasury to the credit of these bureaus than
ere turned out to be. There is nothing covert
aoout that, I am sure. Now, the only ques-
tion is whether the Senate will think, under
the circumstances, that it is better to make a
transfer from one bureau to another directly
by Congress, or whether I shall bring in a res-
olution here and ask for an appropriation out
of the Treasury of $4,000,000. That is all
there is of it. It is a simple question of the
method of doing it. One is just as open, just
as patent, just as obvious as the other. Any-
body can see precisely what it means. It is
simply a question as to the method of doing it,
and nothing more. I submit, therefore, that
my honorable friend from Michigan was not
quite authorized in saying that what is pro-
posed here is not obvious and open and patent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I made that remark in
{ no offensive sense, I will say to the Senator.
I simply said that I preferred that the bill
should direotly appropriate the amount out of
the Treasury, and that this was a little out of
| the regular course.
i Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is all very
| well, and I can very well understand how the
| honorable Senator on this subject may disagree
j with the committee; but the committee unan-
; imously believed that the best way and the
i most natural way was to make the transfer
| from one bureau to the others.
| Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, the Senator
1 from Maine has already shown to the Senate
why it is that these two Bureaus of Construction
and Repair and Steam Engineering are short;
why the money appropriated to them has been,
nearly expended within the six months of the
present fiscal year. The fact is that less money
was actually appropriated to those bureaus
than was supposed or intended by the last Con-
gress. The truth is that io the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair about one half of the
expenditures of the Navy Department at the
navy-yards occur. I am willing to admit that
the Secretary of the Navy, if you please, made
a mistake last summer in putting on under
these bureaus so much help and expending so
large a portion of the appropriation; but it
was found that a very large number of the
vessels belonging to the Government needed
repairs; that they were actually in a condition
requiring repairs. Vessels were sent home from
the various squadrons that could not be used,
and several hpd to be repaired. Very little
had been done in the way of repairs since the
close of the war. Hence the force in the Bu-
reau of Construction and the Bureau of Steam
Engineering was largely increased; I think too
much increased. I think if the increase had
been less and extended over the whole year, it
weald have been better; but the Department
reduced the force in November last one half,
and the force now turned out of employment
is not larger than that usually employed.
It is a fact, Mr. President, that there were
about seventeen million dollars appropriated
for the Navy Department for the present fiscal
vear. It is clear that some bureaus of that
Department have more money than they will
require. This is not a bill authorizing the
transfer of unexpended balances j it is not a
bill giving any discretion to the Secretary of
the Navy; but it is a bill, authorizing specific
amounts to be transferred from one bureau to
another, just the same as though Congress
should cover into the Treasuiy those amounts,
and then reappropriate them for these two
bureaus. There is nothing like the old prac-
tice involved in this bill. It is a specific direc-
tionf Saying that so much mopey heretofore
appropriated may be taken from one bureau
and applied to another; and for that reason I
hope the bill will be passed.
•Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will pardon
me for calling his attention to the very lan-
guage of the bill. It says:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized to transfer to and use in the
Lureaus of Construction and Repair, and Steam
xingmeermsr, for the purposes thereof such of the
unexpended balances remaining to the credit of
tbe other bureaus* of the Navy Department; and
available for the current year, <ite. . ,
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator will look at
the amendment of the committee he will find
that I am exactly correct. It authorizes the
transfer of $1,400,000 from the Bureau of Pro-
visions and Clothing to the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, and it authorizes the transfer of
specific sums from other bureaus to the Bureau
of Construction and Repair.
Mr^ HO WARD. We have not acted on the
amendment of the committee yet.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is what we want acted
upon. There is an absolute necessity for
immediate action. About seven thousand
mechanics were thrown out of employment on
the 1st day of this month. There is-a necessity
for their labor. There are vessels to be repaired;
and in my judgment this is the best way to get
j the money.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask the
: chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
! whether the Navy Department called the atten-
i tion of Congress, or of any of its committees,
to the necessity of making this transfer in time
to prevent these men from being thrown out
of employment?
Mr. CRAGIN. I am happy to answer that
question. Eafly in the session the Secretary
of the Navy wrote letters to the Committee on
Naval Affairs and the Committee on Appro-
priations in both Houses of Congress calling
attention to this subject, and I myself intro-
duced a bill early in the session repealing the
law forbidding transfers. I am very glad that
that bill was not acted upon, for as a general
principle I should be opposed to it. There-
fore thfe Department didcall attention to this
subject at an early period.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire how it
happens that seven thousand men have to be
discharged ? How came seven thousand men to
be employed ? Had Congress made appropri-
ations which authorized the employment of
seven thousand men, so that they all now have to
be discharged in midwinter ? Why the necessity
to make this appropriation ? Is Congress com-
pelled to make appropriations when an expend-
iture is incurred or when seven thousand or ten
thousand men are employed? Suppose we find
at the end of the fiscal year that ten thousand
men are employed, are we to make appropri-
ations to keep those men in the Government
employ ? Is that the ground of our appropri-
ation, to employ men? This bill is to appro-
priate money for the use of the Bureaus of
Construction and Repair and Steam Engineer-
ing. I supposed that was the object of the
appropriation, not simply to give employment
to men ; but the Senator from New Hampshire
puts it upon the ground that we must employ
men; that there are seven thousand men to be
employed.
I take it for granted , Mr. President, that this
bill is a direct admission that there has been
appropriated to the Bureau of Navigation and
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, and, perhaps,
to some of the other bureaus of the Navy De-
partment, much more money than is required
in those bureaus, because this bill proposes to
lake from those bureaus $4,000,000. Then it
is an admission that they have $4,000,000
more than they need. Where is that money ?
Let us not be deceived about it. That money,
of course, is in the Treasuiy of the United
States; and when the Senator from Maine tells
us that this bill requires no new appropriation
of money from the Treasury we are deceiving
ourselves, because this money is a surplus that
would remain in the Treasury and never be
drawn out for the benefit of these other bureaus,
or else this bill is a delusion. Then it being
money in the Treasury not needed in the other
bureaus, when you bring in a bill to transfer it
to the Bureau of Construction and Repair, you
take out of the Treasury the amount of money
that you thus transfer. That is all it means.
. I think if we had a bill before us stating spe-
cifically that $4,000,000 was to be appropriated
out of the Treasury of. the United States in
