996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
order to employ seven thousand men #ho are
about to be, or have been discharged, the Sen-
ate would inquire how it happened that this
$4,000,000 is required. We should want to
know what work ia being done. Has any
information been furnished to the Senate on
that point? Has the chairman of the Naval
Committee shown us the necessity in this time
of peace for the construction of new vessels ?
How is it, sir, th8t after going through a great
war, and expending hundreds of millions of
dollars in the construction of a navy, now,
when peace comes, seven thousand men are
to be employed to construct new vessels?
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will suspend. The morning hour hav-
ing expired, the censusbillis before the Senate,
upon which the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkling] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allorus
fifteen minutes I think we can get through with
this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. The better way would
be to let the unfinished business be laid aside
informally, without prescribing the time, and
get a vote as soon as we can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the census bill will be laid aside
informally in order to proceed with the con-
sideration of the joint resolution before the
Senate. Is there objection ? .
Mr. CAMERON. I object, and I wish to
make a short statement. The Vice President
and the Senate will Remember that yesterday
a little bill that ought not to have taken two
minutes, was objected to by my friend the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morblll.] He has
now withdrawn his .objection to the passage of
that little, supplementary bill, and I trust the
Senate will indulge me for only five minutes,
in order to pass that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest to
my honorable friend that we shall only con-
sume time if we attempt now to supplement
this measure, which has oeen taken up inform-
ally, by something .else. Let us dispose of
this first.. , , . . . ,
Mr.. CAMERON. The bill to which I refer
cannot take five minutes.
Mr, SUMNER and Mr. WILSON. Let na,
get this out of the way first. ■
Mr.,CAMERON. The honorable Senators
from Massachusetts, I am sure, wiU, make no
objection. I, move to take up Senate bill No.
425. , . ,
Mr. M0R&ILL, of Vermont, t feel bound
to say, having examined the bill to which the
Senator from Pennsylvania refers,, that I find
the,point ,of contact with the canal is further
north than I had supposed, and it does not
interfere with any projects now in contempla-
tion.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The only objec-
tion made yesterday to Senate bill No. 425,
reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, was made by the Senator from
Vermont, who cow withdraws it. If there be
no objection, the bill will.be regarded as before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
By .unanimous consent, the Senate,, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. iJo. ,425) to extend
the .time for the completion of the lateral
branph of the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road, authorized by the act approved February
5,16(57, and to cWnge the location in the city
of Washington along the,bank of the canal.
The bill ,was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third, reading, read the
third time, and passed. ,
THANSFBR OF NAYAU APPBOPSIATIONa. ,
The VIOft PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania withdraws his objection,
and the Chair hears no further objection to
informally passing over the -census bill for the
purpose of continuing the debate on Senate
joint resolution No. 112, reported from the
Committee On Appropriations, until some Sen-
ator calls for the regular order.
Mr. CRAGIN. I shall detain the Senate but
a moment. I wiBh to answer one of two ques-
tions put to me bjr the Senator from Illinois.
He inquires why it is that seven thousand men
are employed. He wants to know if Congress
has authorized the employment of seven thou-
sand men. I will say to that Senator, what he
ought to know, that Congress does notaothor-'
ize the employment of any particular number
: of men in the navy-yards of the country. That
is a matter left to the discretion of the Depart-
ment. - .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in the discretion
i of the Department to employ more men than
I the appropriation will pay for?
i Mr. CRAGIN. Of course not. The appro-
priation has not yet been entirely exhausted.
As I said before, I believe that the Department
j employed more men at the beginning of this
! fiscal year than they ought to have employed;
! but in their judgment the exigencies Of the
service required it.
! The Senator inquires What We were doing
f during the war. We were-expending, he says,
! hundreds of millions in building up a navy.
: He ought to know that that money was expended
almost entirely for building iron-clads, for
building boats and vessels to navigate the rivers
and coasts of this country, and not upon sea-
going vessels. The Sea-going vessels are the
ones that have been repaired during the past
fall and the present year. They are the vessels
that are now demanding repairs—the vessels
that have been employed in our foreign squad-
rons, not the vessels that were employed during
the rebellion, and for the purposes incident to
the rebellion.
The Senator inquires whether we are to
appropriate money to set these men to work.
Most certainly not if their work is not neces-
sary; bntl say to the Senator, in my judgment
it is necessaiy. The Work is simply suspended
no* for the want of appropriations, and it is
some argument to me, when this work is neces-
sary for the interests of the Government, that
men who are thrown oat of employment in
midwinter will be again employed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire have the kindness W inform
me how many vessels are undergoing repaks
with seven thousand men?
Mr. CRAGIN. Over eighty vessels have
been repaired already during this fiscal yeal-.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was not exactly
my question; (that would seem to Obviate the
necessity of having a great many mote repaired
I should think;) but my question was, how
many now are necessarily Undergoing repairs ?
I understood the Senator from New Hampshire
to say there Was a necessity for the employ-
ment of these men. • I should be milch gratified
to know how many veis&elis are undergoing
repairs, So that I might, in toy humble way,
have some opinion as to the necessity the
employment of these men.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will slate to the Senator
frankly that I am not informed exactly a's to
the nnmber now undergoing repairs; but I do
know that some vessels are being constructed
and have been uhder way for some years, or a
year and more* and are not completed ; arid
others af6 being repaired in all the havy-yarda
in this country, and this suspension of Work
entirely suspends the repairs.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President,'! wish
to make an observation or two on this subject;
and I wish to say particularly,'ita advanee, that
I do not make them by way of reflecting oAthe
Navy Department. But evidently this subject
is not understood in all its branches,-I think.
I had the honor last year to be a member of
the Committee on Appropriations of this body,
and there it fell to me to take a deep interest
in the act which, I think, must determine the
propriety of this measure very largely. There
were in the Senate then two opinions, Senators
will remember, as to the proper size of our
Navy. I was one who labored sedulously here
and in committee and sit last in a committer- of
conference to reduce the Navy of tho United
States. I was rejoiced, although all other
Senators did not take the same view, that we
succeeded in bringing the Navy back to the
point at which it was anterior to the war. so
that its entire nnmber of officers and men was
eighty-five hundred. That adjustment was
based by the committee of conference, which
ultimately agreed to the act to which I am going
to refer, upon a very careful observation and
consideration of the number of vessels to be
kept afloat, their rank, their size, and their
service. It was not an arbitrary num ber, I say -
but it was graduated by the vessels and the
number of vessels which the seamen were to
mat). Now, sir, in the appropriation act to
which I am making reference, which I find in
the fifteenth volume of the statutes, page 08 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of that
act?
Mr. CONKLING. I am going to give the
date of it. In the book and at the page to
which I refer Senators, I find "An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30,1869," a nd the act was appro ved
on the 17th of June, 1868. These appropria-
tions are made for the Bureau of Yards and
Docks and for other bureaus and a great variety
of purposes; and the second section of the
act is in these words :
" The numberof persons authorized to be enlisted
into the Navy of the United States, including sea-
men, or ordinary seamen, landsmen, and mechanics,
and including apprentices and boys, is hereby fixed
and established at oighty-five hundred, and no more."
And now'I ask the attention of the chairman
of the Naval Committee to the next section of
the act, which I wish to read :
"And be it further enacted, That all unexpended
appropriations existing on the 1st day of July
next"—
That is, the 1st day of last July—
"for any of the several heads of appropriation pro-
vided for in this act shall be carried to the surplus
fund unless the same is necessary to pay expend'
itures made during the current fiscal year, or unless
the same is necessary to execute contracts made be-
fore said date."
So that, if I cotriprehend this bright, every
contract made before the expiration of toe last
fiscal year, to wit, before the 1st day of last
July, was answerable in any unexpended ap-
! prcrpriation there might be anywhere; and
the unexpended appropriations were to be'car-
ried to the surplus Fund only BO far (is they
j remained and existed after answering 6very
, demand upon them growing out of a contract
i anterior to the 1st of last July.
Now, the explanation is that this transfer is
' necessary because the surplus fund having
arisen from unexpended appropriations On the
| 1st of last July, mote money is needed to pay
for repairs of vessels and other things which
! were necessary, and had beefi ordered as
i long, ago as last spring. I do not see how that
can be. Hie surplus flind did not arise until
: everything had been answered which could be
, charged to' any head of appropriation before
I the end of the fiscal year. Then itbecame a
! surplus fund; and now the proposition is that
I this legislation is necessary in order to meet
i necessities which arose, if I understand the
! Statement aright, long before the commence-
| ment of the present fascal year or the expira-
| tion of the last one. It was not the design of
the Committee on Appropriations, I am sure,
j nor of the Senate, that after the adoption of
! this act there should be such a numberof ves-
sels in repair or needing repair as is indicated
here; nor was it the design that any legislation
like this shoHld be called for upon agreements
made or necessities of repair existing as long
ago as those which are pleaded now in defense
of it'.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I desire to sava
single word, not so much in behalf of this
measure as upon another point. It has become
quite a popular thing to take every occasion
that presents itself to attack the Navy and the
