1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4773
lin] remembers that well. His project was the
great northern route. He educated me for that
great enterprise. I believed from his teach-
ing, and X believe yet, that that is the best
route, and is going to pay the most profit to its
stockholders.
We gave that company an immense bounty
in iand a short time since. I must confess that
I voted for that grant with great reluctance ;
but, as I said a while ago, 1 consoled myself
with the belief that those lands were worthless
at present, and unless we made the road they
would continue to be worthless. The great
road through the State of Illinois has been the
result of the land grant made some twenty
years ago, which enabled her to make a road
across tho State. She became rich. That was
the first grant of the kind, and it was the pat-
tern for all other States in the West, until the
whole country has grown to be covered with
railroads.
1 rose only to say a word in defense of Gen-
eral Fr6mont. If he had come here as a nom-
inee for some high office I probably might not
have been surprised if an attack had been
made upon him. But, coming here named
only as a corporator of a railroad; I was mor-
tified and pained at the attack npon him ; and
I am sorry that so good a man as the Senator
from Michigan should have made it. I do not
care if you put five hundred corporators in this
bill. 1 should not want to be a corporator;
but I should not care if you had five hundred
men who were willing to have their names put
.n it and go to work to assist in getting stock
Cor this road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if we are to close this session of Congress
on tho loth of July it is quite manifest that
we have got to do something besides mere
talk. Iam delighted to hear the speeches that
are made here, but I would very much rather
vote. We have already made an order that
after Monday next we are to assemble at eleven
o'clock. .Last night I staid here until this
hour, but I understand the session of the Sen-
ate continued until after midnight. Now, if
there can be some voting, I propose, for one,
to remain ; if not, I propose to move an ad-
journment. If there is a desire to vote I will
not make the motion ; but otherwise, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall finish this
question to-night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If we can have
n, vote on the subject I will withdraw tho mo-
tion ; otherwise, I shall insist on it.
Mr. HOWARD. I havo no disposition to
protract this discussion; but I think 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont move an adjournment,?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 withdrew
the motion; but as soon as 1 can get the floor
again I shall make it, unless we can have a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to protract this discussion; and yet
the Senate will perceive that something is due
to me, arising from the extraordinary manner
in which the Senator from Illinois has seen fit
to treat this subject. He seems to be inclined
to make it a personal matter against myself
that objection has been made hereto the inser-
tion of the name of General Fremont in this
bill. His language in respect to me has been,
I will not say unparliamentary, but I will say
that it has been vituperative, unjust, unkind,
and unfounded.
I am not to be put on trial by the Senator
from Illinois ; and I do not recognize his right
to censure me in (he manner he has for any
course I may see fit to take in tho Senate. I
endeavor to discharge my duty here as a mem-
ber of this body honestly and fairly ; and when
he assumes to censure me for anything I may
see fit to say here in the way of discussion, I
have oniy to reply that he transcends the limits
of just and fair parliamentary rule, and I do not
recognized his right so to do.
I yield to him with pleasure, as I do to all
other members of this body, the right of per-
fect freedom of speech, and I am charitable
enough to believe that even he speaks honestly
and sincerely. All I ask of him is to concede
to me the same consideration, and not to take
upon himself angry and vituperative airs when
he replies to what I have seen fit to say. I am
not responsible to him. He is not my domin-
ator. He is not my judge. I am my own
judge and my own master in respect to the
manner in which I shall perform my duties in
this body; and although I should, as I always
have done, yield with pleasure to any friendly
suggestions from him or others, I cannot recog-
nize his right to domineer or assume to accuse
me of personal motives in the discharge of my
duties here. Sir, we are peers; we are equals;
each of us protected in discussion in this body
in the perfect freedom of speech by the Con-
stitution of our common country, and of abso-
lute independence.
Now, sir, after the speech which I delivered
here for the purpose of setting forth reasons
based upon facts why General Fremont's name
should not be inserted in this bill, the honor-
able Senator rises in his place and says with
great vehemence and emphasis that the Sen-
ator from Michigan has set forth no facts at all.
If the Senator listened to my speech with or-
dinary attention, if he be candid, he must allow
me to say that I am utterly surprised at this
remark. I set forth facts, and my arguments,
which I presented with becoming modesty, were
based upon such facts as are completely indu-
bitable, and which it does not belong to the
Senator from Illinois, or any other person, to
deny. So far, sir, as to his denial that I had
presented no facts.
He is manifestly ignorant of all the mate-
rial facts connected with this inquiry ; inno-
cently ignorant of them, because he has not
had an opportunity, as I have had, it not hav-
ing been his duty to inform himself of the
facts. But it seems a little extraordinary that
a Senator in this body should make so rash a
declaration as this—that I had furnished no
facts as the basis of my opposition to this
amendment.
He is equally confident and equally vehe-
ment, in his denial of certain points of law
which I have asserted in my speech. Does
the honorable Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee of this body,
intend to be understood as declaring that
where a bond and mortgage have been exe-
cuted upon a piece of property by the owner
the laud itself thus mortgaged is the only and
sole security for the payment of the debt?
That is what General Fremont asserted in the
pamphlet to which [ alluded ; and that is ex-
actly the principle asserted by Mr. Probst in
his letter to the French minister when ho was
asking for tho admission of these bonds upon
the Bourse. Does the honorable Senator
from Illinois undertake to assert here that it
is not a principle of law that where, after the
exhaustion of the mortgage security, and a
balance is found to remain due, that balance
is not a debt against the person and property
of the obligee? Is this a principle asserted
by the honorable chairman of the Committee
on tho Judiciary? Sir, it is a principle which
neither he nor 1 ever lead of in the books, or
ever heard announced from the bench of a
court of justice.
This doctrine is put forth here by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate
as the true doctrine; and upon that untrue and
false doctrine he undertakes to arraign my law,
and to criticise mo for having criticised the
like false doctrine put forth by Probst and by
General Fremont in France, in their pamphlets,
whoso object was to puff up the credit and to
give currency to these Memphis and El Paso
bonds—-a false statement of the lav;; and on
the part of General Fremont it appears to me
to be utterly amazing. He is an American
citizen; he was once a candidate for the Pres-
idency of the United States; ho has been a
major general of our armies; he is a well-edu-
cated gentleman, a man extensively acquainted
with business; and is it possible that General
Frtaont should have honestly supposed that
where the mortgaged property is exhausted by
a sale in satisfaction of a debt, and a deficiency
of the debt remains to be paid by the debtor,
the debtor cannot be called upon to pay that
deficiency? Sir, it is monstrous; and yet this
doctrine is held by the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate.
Sir, the honorable Senator is as much at fault
in his law as in the facts of this case. Of tho
facts he really knows nothing, and of the law
he makes a use which is intended to bolster up
and justify Fr&mont's plan of puffing; a use
which was made of it by Frfemont and bis puffers
in Paris, in order to give a false credit to these
bonds.
He also undertakes to discuss a question to
which I had not referred except incidentally,
and then not for the purpose of argument or
of stating my opinion upon it at length. He
refers to a report which 1 had the honor to sub-
mit from the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road some time since, proceeding as it did from
a sub-committee of that numerous committee.
In that report I came to this conclusion—and
I beg to say here that that report was drawn
up more for the purpose of laying before the
committee and the Senate all the statutes of
Texas relating to this Memphis and El Paso
road than anything else, merely for their in-
formation—in that report, after having collated
and digested all the statutes of Texas relating
to this El Paso railroad, I came to this con-
clusion : that in consequence of the neglect of
the company to perform the conditions imposed
npon them, they had forfeited all their claim
to the alternate sections of land which had been
reserved for them in their charter. That was
my conclusion of law. It is very true that two
members of the sub-committee, although they
did not announce their dissent at the time the
report was read to them in the committee-
room, afterward announced it in the Senate
and presented a counter-report.
The Senator from Illinois, filled with this
subject, full of a determination to make it out
that the Memphis El Paso Company possesses
a valid and living grant of alternate sections
in Texas, declares here—I think I will not
overstrain the point when I say, without having
read one of those statutes—that the conclusion
to which I arrived was wrong. I have only to
say that I have no respect for legal opinions
formed thus hastily, thus without proper and
sufficient examination of the statutes and facts
connected with the question. I may be wrong
in tho conclusion at which I arrived. I do not
think I am. I think I am right; and in this I
have the concurrence of some of the best law-
yers in Texas and of other gentlemen who have
investigated the same question. I am obliged
to say this in reply to the honorable Senator
from Illinois. When he undertakes, being the
chairman of the Committee on tho Judiciary,
to state a conclusion of law, let me most respect-
fully urge him at least to read the statutes
about which he talks, and upon which he
assumes to give an opinion.
He makes a remark up.on the speech I have
delivered and seems to suppose my speech was
a wanton, gratuitous assault upon General Fr6-
raont, premeditated and even prepared before-
hand for that purpose. What are tho facts?
We had the bill before us. The honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada rose in his place and offered
an amendment containing a long list of names,
and at the head of them that of General Fr6
mont. Not content with simply offering this
amendment for consideration, the honorable
Senator from Nevada proceeded to pronounce
a eulogy upon the life, services, and character
of that gentleman : a eulogy tho terms and
style of which would scarcely bear the criticism
of a college professor; a eulogy in which he
sought to elevate the character of that gentle-
man entirely above the ordinary atmosphere
