1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
management of the Navy Department. Now,
as I understand this case, the Navy Depart-
ment does not ask Congress to transfer this
fund unless they feel that it ought to be dona.
The Navy Department are willing to stop w here
they are in expending the money appropriated
last year, and they are willing, I have no doubt,
to be scrutinised by the honorable Senator from
New York and the honorable Senator from
Illinois for the wanner in which they have ex-
pended the money. The real point is that there
was a certain sum of money appropriated for
each of the bureaus of the Navy Department,
and that the bureau of the Navy which made
the greatest requisition on funds is this of Con-
struction and liepair, and while the appropria-
tions to Bome of the other bureaus have been in
excess of their necessities those to this bureau
have been below its requirements.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the hon- ,
orable Senator from Illinois, who is always ;
so just in his.judgment, to a single fact: that
at the time the war ceased every vessel we
had in the Navy was eadlv out of repair; and
repairs not only upon sea-going vessels, but
repairs upon vessels that are laid up in ordin-
ary, have to be made to preserve them for j
future use. Everybody knows the natural i
decay of vessels that are laid up. The simple
proposition that the- Navy Department sub-
mits to Congress is this: the unexpended i
amounts for other bureaus, that will not be ;
needed, can be usefully expended by the Bu-
reaaof Construction and Repair; and will you
allow that to be done?
The further argument is—and I heat1 it from
every quarter—that a wail of woe comes up
that laboring men are suffering, and the Navy
Department simply says to Congress, " If you
will transfer these unnecessary funds appro-
priated to us, we can employ our fellow-citi-
eens profitably upon the construction and re-
pairs of the vessels of the Navy." It is a
question that is submitted in the goodness and
kindness of heart of the Navy Department to
the heart of the representatives of this nation.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow meone moment? I did not mean in my
observations to east aoy doubt on what he now
asserts. I simply meant to call attention to
this point, which I will try in a word to state
clearly, that if this appropriation be, as is
stated, for contracts which were made and work
which was begun anterior to the 1st of last
July, then this statute could not have been
observed; whereas, if in truth it is for con-
tracts which have arisen since then the reasons
which have been assigned are mistaken.
Mr. NYE. It is as well known to the Sen-
ator from New York and to the Senator from
Illinois as it is to the whole world, that there
has been an extraordinary demand this year
upon our Navy. Here were threatening dis-
turbances upon the southern coast, and a large
number of vessels had to be brought into requi-
sition and pat iu repair to meet that emergency.
That surely was necessary. How Congress
would have blamed the Navy Department if
they had sat here with this fact apparent to
all, and for fear of expending more than a fair
proportion of the appropriations according to
time, bad been caught unprepared in an hour
of emergency! Fifty or sixty vessels had to
be got ready for sea; and not only that, but
repairs of vessels had to be hurried in such a
way as to increase the expenses, as is well
known to everybody.
Mr. HOWARD. What was the emergency?
Mr. NYE. The Cuban business. Whole
fleets had to be sent there; and then there was
the taking possession of Samana* and there
were expenses necessarily attendant upon that.
We were threatened with a war with Spain; that
was the trouble. I see that my fnend from
New York laughs. He always laughs when
anything comes up about the Navy; he has a
peculiar antipathy to the Navy.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is quite
mistaken.
Mr. NYE. I assigned him once hiB position
in the Navy, but he will not keep it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
is quite mistaken. He is so accustomed to say-
ing good things that I very often laugh at what
he says, but not at the Navy.
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that every-
thing that comes from that Department meets
with the constant criticism and opposition of
the Senator from New York. He may be right
in his judgment; but the Navy Department are
so unfortunate as not to agree in their tactics
with the honorable Senator from New York. 1
But my friend lives on freshwater, where there <
is alwaysa large amount of canalling done, and ;
not much Navy operations.
Mr. CONKLING. I make use of but very j
little besides water—fresh water. |
Mr. NYE. I have not inquired whether the j
Senator uses bilge-water or not; I suppose he ,
has to get it out of the canal. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the simple question submitted to ,
the Senate is whether they are willing to take ;
the suggestion of the Navy Department,. We j
can employ these men profitably; we can em- j
ploy them all; but we are not going to take the j
risk of the criticism of the honorable Senator ;
; from New York for spending a dollar that is
: not in the appropriations, because they know
t how he would boil them down in the crucible
pf his economical anger, and cook them well,
! and destroy the whole Navy in a .day, if they
i spent a dollar more than they were advertised
: was appropriated for this line of expenditure.
!| But here are ten thousand people, and eleven
hundred of them are in the Senator's 'own
II State, hard-working, honest mechanics, whose
! I families are crying to them every day for bread',
i! and they are dependent for that bread upon the
!i sweat of their brow and the taxation of their
i! muscle. Now, sir, it is simply a question sub-
il mitted to the conscience of Congress, a simple
question of conscience. Sir, for one, I say that
if this work can be profitably employed now,
so as to save so much from the next years'
appropriations; if this work can be done now
and these hungry mouths ean be fed and these
Buffering poor be cared for through this winter,
it would give joy and gladpess to my heart to
have it done. It is a question that commends
itself to the conscience pf every Senator. For
one I am iu favor of this measure because it
strengthens oar national defenses; because this
labor can be as vrell performed now as at any
time, and profitably employed, and the voice
of ten thousand people requires it. I am will-
ing to respond to their necessities where the
employment can be profitable to the Govern-
ment; and let the honorable Senator from
New York answer as his own conscience shall
dictate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As this debate
-develops, a diversity of opinion in the Senate
$s to the method—and it is only a question of
method—with a view of acjcpmmodating the
whole subject to the viswa of certain Senators
who, object to this manner of treating the sub-
ject, I offer an amendment to strike out all
after the resolving clause down to the word
" dollars," in the twentieth line, and to insert
what I sen4 to the Chair. I withdraw the
amendment of the committee.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Drake
in the chair.) The Senator from Maine with-
draws the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriationa and proposes now to strike
o«t all bfljfore fhe proviso in the twentieth line
.and to insert in lieu of the words stricken out:
- That $4,008,000 be. and hereby is, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: for the use of the Bureau qi Steam Engi-
neering 81,400,000, and for the Bureau of Construc-
tion and. Repair $2,800,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the proviso
reads:
Provided, That the money so transferred shall be
expended only for the purpose of providing mate-
rials, carrying on the work, and paying the em-
ployes of the bureau to which it is transferred."
I move also to strike out the word " trans-
ferred" in the proviso and insert the word
" appropriated."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that intended for the
current year, the year ending the 1st of next
July?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you had better say
so in the bill, so that the appropriation will
not run over again and be used after the year
expires.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be cov-
ered in under the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not be covered for
two years under that law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, I will
accept the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. HO WARD. I ask that the amendment
be again reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment has been modified, and the resolution
will be read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clkrk. If amended as proposed
the resolution will read:
Be it reiohed, <fce.. That $4,000,000 be, and hereby
i?. appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwiso appropriated: for the use of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering in the Navy Depart-
ment 81,400,000, and to the Bureau of Construction
and Repair $2,800,000: Provided, That the money
so appropriated shall be expended only for the pur-
pose of providing materials, carrying on the work,
and paying the employes of the bureaus for which
it is appropriated; and the appropriation hereby
made snail be for the current fisoal year.
Mr. HOWARD. I am better satisfied with
the appropriation in the form in which it pre-
sents itself in the amendment of the hoporable
Senator from Maine than I was when it came
in the form embraced in the original bill.
This amendment is a direct appropriation of
$4,000,000. There is something direct and
tangible about this which I like. In matters
of legislation the best way is to express your-
self directly to the purpose without indirec-
tion, and especially without any obscurity.
Now, it is quite plain, froni what has beCn de-
veloped in the course of this discussion, that
the Navy Department has run short pf money
iu performing the business belonging to these
Bureaus of Construction and SteamEngineer-
! ing. It sterns that the Secretary of the Navy
! has undertaken such a vast amount of work
! by way of building and repairing vessels that
1 the appropriate amount of money belonging
to him for that purpose has become exhausted,
, and .we are,now called upon to make this
i appropriation of $4,000,000 in order that the
| persons whom he has employed may not be
'[ turned out of employment; not that the work
itself is particularly necessary at this_ time j
! not that there is any pressing necessity for
! going ou and completing the work thus begun,
but in order, if 1 understand the honorable
Senator, from New Hampshire rightly, to put
bread into the mouths of the workmen who
have been employed and who are now likely
to be turned out of employment. I cannot
agree to that. I do not believe it i^ one of the
.functions of the Congress of the United States
to convert the Government into a mere chari-
table institution to relieve the sufferings of any
particular class of persons. It was the duty
of the Secretary of the Navy when he em-
ployed these persons to see to it that he had
money to pay them, and to pay them promptly
and fairly, and not keep them in his employ
until his money is exhausted and he finds him-
self under the necessity of applying to Con-
gress for a further amount in order to pay them
their wages. , -' , , ... ,
I think we may very properly leave this work
thus incomplete to remain as it is until the
public exigencies shall require the finishing of
ft I do not think the Government is likely to
lose anything by permitting the work to remain
in its incomplete condition, properly protected
to be sure, until it is wanted by the exigencies
of the Government.
This making an appropriation of $4,000,000
