1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
valid Pensions, Committee on Railroads and
Canals, the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and Committee on Retrenchment—
leaving out a number of minor committees that
have little or nothing to do. And taking the
other committees that maybe considered com-
paratively of most account—Appropriations,
the Pacific Railroad, Commerce, Manufactures,
Naval Affairs, Foreign Affairs, Mines and Min-
ing, Patents, Accounts, Reconstruction, Print-
ing, and tho Library—we still have the excess
in number, and have quite the advantage in
regard to the importance of the committees.
1 regret, therefore, that my friend called
attention to this matter, and I allude to it now
to show that so far from the organization of
the committees being unfair it has been alto-
gether apparently in favor of the West. And
I can only account for it by supposing that the
West has here a set of the cleverest and ablest
fellows. I trust, therefore, that every gentle-
man from the West, whether we deserve to be
selected for the positions or not, has had his
attention called to the matter, and will labor
to commend himself to the country, and to the
present or any other Speaker of the House, in
such a way that in the future organizations of
the committees we may still hold our own.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
Ido not wonderthat the gentlemen on theother
side of the House should seek to break the
force of some points which have been suggested
since this debate began. As regards the ques-
tion of the collection of the revenue, I feel as
much gratified if there be an improvement as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] pos-
sibly can be. But I differ somewhat from him
as to the party to whom credit is due in this
matter of the collection of the revenue. The
gentleman from Ohio is far too modest. I hold
that this increase of revenue received from
whisky and tobacco is not so much due to Mr.
Delano or to the present Administration as it
is to the Committee of Ways and Means, of
which the gentleman from Ohio himself is the
chairman, and in a large measure to himself
personally; for as a member of that commit-
tee during the last Congress, when this legisla-
tion was reported and adopted by Congress, I
can testify that the gentleman worked day and
night, day in and day out, in advocating amend-
ments to the law, especially in regard to whisky
and tobacco, which have worked welland he,
therefore, is entitled to credit for all this rather
than the administration of General Grant. I
am surprised, therefore, at the gentleman's
great modesty in claiming the credit for others
than himself. And I would say that next after
him Congress is entitled to the credit.
Sir, I thought it was a conceded matter that
the trouble in collecting this whisky tax grew
out of the great amount of the tax, making it
an inducement to the people to evade the_ law.
And it was represented everywhere that if we
reduced the amount of tax we would collect
more revenue from whisky. The gentleman
from Ohio who is the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the other gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] predicted
the same thing. Therefore, it is Congress that
is entitled to the credit, and not any particular
Administration. The common sense of the
whole country understands and realizes how it
is. And I insist that if the tax had been main-
tained at the rate of two dollars the stealing
would have continued.
But, sir, I have always heard that it was a
dirty bird that fouled its own nest. When gen-
i iemen opposite talk about stealing under the
late Administration, it is simply a charge of
stealing against the Republican incumbents of
the offices under that Administration. I beg
to inquire, in the hearing ot the House, what
the politics of Mr. liollins, the late Commis-
sioner, were? Was he not a radical Repub-
lican, more radical in his antecedents than the
present Commissioner ? If I remember aright
the present Commissioner was regarded as
rather conservative when he was in this House
a few years ago, whereas, Mr. Rollins at that
time enjoyed the reputation of being a thorough
radical Republican and in full unison with the
most advanced portion of his party. Sir, these
charges made here about stealing under the
late Administration do not fall upon any friends
of mine, I am sure, and upon the friends of very
few gentlemen upon this side of the House.
Now, it is known that President Johnson tried
to remove Mr. Rollins and the Senate refused
to allow him to be removed. With what show
of fairness, then, can anybody come before
the country and chargc Andrew Johnson with
being responsible for the inefficiency of Rollins
in collecting the internal revenue, if he was in
point of fact inefficient? I do not propose to
enter into the controversy whether the Repub-
licans under Johnson or the Republicans under
Grant have been guilty of the greatest stealings.
It is not my fight; it is not my controversy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I oppose the amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. i withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Treasury Department:
For additional pay of twelve watchmen employed
ill the Treasury Department buildings, at $120 each,
for the year ending June 30, 1870: Provided, That
their pay shall not exceed $720 each for said year,
$1,410.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by inserting after the word "watchmen"
the words "and eleven laborers."
The amendment was agreed to.
'Mr. DAWES. I now move to strike out
•'$1,440," and to insert -'$2,760" in lieu
thereof.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise-to oppose the amend-
ment. I desire to say a word upon one matter
to which I did not have time to allude when I
was upon the floor a moment ago.
Mr. DAWES. I shall be obliged to ask my
colleague on the committee to confine himself
to tho pending amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. Allow me one moment,
and then I will be out of the way entirely.
Mr. DAWES. Well, in that case I will not
insist on the question of order.
Mr. NIBLACK. I said nothing about the
appointment of chairmen of committees of the
House generally in my remarks awhile ago, to
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
replied. I simply called attention to the share
of those honors which Massachusetts alone
enjoyed. I was not making any strictures upon
the Speaker in the organization of the House,
or upon the general subject of the chairman-
ships of committees. I may be permitted to
remark, however, in this connection, that on
looking over the list you will see that the chair-
manships of important committees are monop-
olized by a few States and are not distributed
throughout the whole country ; but I make no
point on that. I was simply calling attention
to the great favor which Massachusetts enjoyed
under this Administration and under this Con-
gress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following, to come
in immediately after the paragraph which has
just been amended:
For additional pay of thirty laborers, at $120 each,
for the year ending June 30, 1870, wjth the proviso
that the payment shall not exceed $720 each for said
year, $3,600.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to oppose the
amendment. I do it for the purpose of mak-
ing some reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will excuse
me if I insist on his debating the amendment.
I am under the necessity of doing it. The
gentleman will see that unless I insist upon it
we never shall get through this bill.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have no disposition
to interfere with the course of this bill as a
business matter, none in the world. I do desire
to say something in reply to some remarks
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] but if it will interrupt the course of
business I will not do it. I will leave it to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to say.
Mr. DAWES. Verywellj Iwillnot enforce
the rule upon the gentleman.
Mr. VOORHEES. Of course, under the
rules, I can occupy the floor but five minutes,
I would not seek the floor at ail now but for
the fact that I have so often heard these unjust
charges in regard to the responsibility of the
Democratic party for the war and the expend-
itures caused by the war. I do not feel that it
would be right or just to the great mass of
patriotic men of that party to allow thesa
aspersions any longer to go unanswered.
I have as much distaste as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] can have for enter-
ing into partisan controversies on this floor.
I dislike exceedingly to refer to parties byname.
But in response to what the gentleman has said
let me call his attention to this great fact, that
the organ of the northern party, when the Re-
publican party was only a northern party, only
a sectional party, when it had no existence
south of Mason and Dixon's line, the great
organ of this party, the New York Tribune,
when we approached the hour of collision,
speaking the full-volumed voice of its followers,
told the southern States to go and go in peace
and said that it would not advocate or support
a Union held together by bayonets.
From early in the winter of 1860 and 1861,
after South Carolina had seceded, on till the
next April, when the cannon of the enemy
boomed upon Fort Sumter, the great news-
paper organ of the Republican party continu-
ally told the South in clarion tones that the
southern States could go; that there would be
no war. And since the war closed southern
men without numbers have told me that they
carried copies of the New York Tribune to
the public meetings of their people, not merely
for the purpose of "firing the southern heart,"
but to convince the southern mind that they
could secede, could disrupt and break up this
Union without any fear of war; that thegreat
party of the North, as represented by this great
organ, did not mean war, but meant to allow
peaceable secession. Not only that, but one
of the leading Republican organs in the gen-
tleman's own State, the Cincinnati Commer-
cial, said the same thing; and the leading
Republican party organ in my own State, the
Indianapolis Journal, took a similar position.
These allegations from the leading news-
papers of the Republican party lured the
South to secession. They informed them that
there was no coercion to be dreaded, that
there would be no collision of armies.^ And
more than any other one thing in the sight of
God and man that fixes the responsibility for
this war is the course pursued by the Repub-
lican press during the years 1860 and 18G1,
the great and acknowledged organs that spoke
with authority.
So far as the Democratic party was con-
cerned we saw these troubles approach with
horror and dismay. It was a calamity that
wrung tears of grief from us when we saw the
men of the South leaving these Halls and
inaugurating a dissolution of this Union.
And more than that, when I stood upon this
floor on one occasion opposing many measures
of the Administration and speaking for the
Union I closed by saying that under any and
all circumstances whatever I would oppose a
dissolution of the Union. The Richmond W hig
and the Mobile Register and several other im-
portant southern papers, but those two i reco -
lect particularly, denounced me by name, as
they denounced Mr. Richardson of Illinois,
Mr. Pendleton, Mr. Pugh, and all nor het.
men who were then in public life who in i >■
that the Union ought to be preserved on tht
original basis of the Constitution, lhe} sa-
in terms that the best friends they had m the
