3830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
imagine none, supposing the figures to be cor-
rect in the Secretary's report, made in Decem-
ber last, showing the total contents of the odd
sections to be ten million acre3.
There may also be a difference between the
Senator and the rest of us as to what are." good
lands." The general understanding in the
State of California is that the withdrawal, so
clearly in violation of law, was made because
of the temptation to take in one of the finest
bodies of land in the State. That temptation,
uniting with the hope of a better route, was
undoubtedly atthe bottom ofthe whole extraor-
dinary proceeding. In the extensive district
of country known as the Tulare valley, through
which this road is mainly to run, there were
hardly any lands covered by old Spanish and
Mexican grants. Indeed, the quantity of such
lands is so small as not to form an appreciable
element in this debate. A great body of these
lands is, as to a part, among the finest in the
State, and is, taken altogether, very available
for profitable farming. So far as the route of
the road is outside of the Tulare valley, and
before it enters it, going south, it runs through
an older country, where the company never
could have expected to get, at least near the
line of its road, any considerable quantity of
good lands. Then its route passes through the
valley of Santa Clara. Doubtless I shall not
be speaking strange words to some at least of
the Senators here who have seen that beautiful
valley. Through that valley the road un-
doubtedly gets but Utile good land, most of it
being already, long before this road was thought
of, taken up by private grants.
But through the Tulare country, which is the
great district of the road, there were few Span-
ish grants, none worth speaking of. The land
is better land than along the road through the
valley of Santa Clara, naturally richer, more
arable. I know of no grounds on which it can
be said correctly that through the whole of that
long stretch down the Tulare valley to Fort
Tejon the company can get only a million and
a half acres of good land out of its grant of
ten million acres.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend. The morning hour has expired, and
the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I suppose my colleague will not
continue his remarks much further ; and if the
Senate will allow the bill to be disposed of I
will waive any reply to him, which I regret
very much being compelled by the circum-
stances to do.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not distinguish what
my colleague says.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California [Mr. Cole] asks that the appropri-
ation bill be passed over informally that his
colleague may conclude his remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 do not ask any thing of
the kind.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Casseb.lt,] who lias full knowl-
edge of this subject, has declared himself not
in physical condition thoroughly to discuss it,
and I think it is plain enough from the report
laid on our desks that it is a question demand-
ing very serious and deliberate consideration
on the part of the Senate. There are rights of
individuals here 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to passing over the special order?
Mr. BAYARD. '<1 do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not subject
ro debate, and the appropriation bill is before
the Senate.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
signed and approved the following act and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of Abbott
Q. Ross;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 31) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander .Arthur A. Yates, Sur-
geon Albert L. Gihon, Passed Assistant Sur-
geon Charles H. White, and Assistant Surgeon
Jerome H. Kidder, of the United States Navy,
to accept decorations from the king of Portugal
in recognition of humane services; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) to author-
ize the payment of the fall salary of AlvinP.
Hovey as minister in Peru, without deduction
on account of absence from his post.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2000) to annul a portion of a certain statute
of the Territory of New Mexico, and for other
purposes; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint reso-
lution :
A bill (S. No. 177) creating an additional
land district in the Territory of Colorado : and
■J A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) author-
izing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue its bonds for the construction of its
road, and to secure the same by mortgage, and
for other purposes.
deficiency bill amendment.
Mr. STEWAIIT submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (II. R. No.
1977) to supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2090) to annul a portion
of a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 95) in relation to the Hot Springs
reservation in Arkansas; and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Stewart, on page 37, line
nine hundred and one, to strike out "twenty"
and insert "forty," so as to increase the num-
ber of additional clerks of class one in the
General Land Office named in that clause of
the bill from twenty to forty.
Mr. STEWART. I will simply make this
statement to the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, and submit the matter to
him : the number of these first-class clerks in
the Land Office has stood at forty, but it is
reduced to twenty by this bill. The Commis-
sioner says they have never put in more than
is absolutely necessary. There has been no
complaint of too many being employed. I will
have what the Commissioner says on the sub-
ject read, and then let the Senate do as they
please. I only call attention to it. I send his
letter to the desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
, March 10,1870.
Sir: Pursuant to thememorandum received from tho
Secretary to-day, thefollowing issubmitted in regard
to tho inadequacy of the appropriations mado for
this office in the hill which hae passed tho House of
Kopresentativos and is now awaiting the action of
tho Senate.
It is jvi tli reluetancfe that the Commissioner makes
an appeal for increased appropriations at this time,
■when severe economy is a necessity; yet in his judg-
ment true economy and the interests of the public
service demand it in this instance. _
Tho organic law makes provision lor clerks iu
the General Land Office to the number of one hun-
dred and fifty-seven. This number was reduced
twenty clerks ot the first class by the appropriation
act of March 3,1869, (Statutes, volume fifteen, page
291,) leaving the number now authorized one hun-
dred and thirty-seven. .
In making our estimates for the ensuing fiscal
year, ending June 30,1871, we were governed by the
organic law, and accordingly submitted estimates
for the full number authorized by that law.
In the bill now before tho Senate committee, pages
32 and 33, tho reduction of twenty first-class clerks
is again made.
Tho business of the General Land Office is increas-
ing to an extent heretofore unparalleled, and the
force now authorized is barely sufficient to keep up
current work; the slightest increase will subject
the service to inconvenience, and eventually render
the prompt transaction of the business impossible.
It is essential to that end that we have some margin,
and also to the end that in cases where extraordi-
nary duties devolve upon us, such as the restoration
of archives and records of land offices in the southern
States, originals having been destroyed during tho
war; tho opening of new land offices where districts
are divided and duplioate records of bind sales must
he prepared, or where renewal of archives and rec-
ords is rendered necessary by tho destruction of an
office by fire or other disaster, as was recently tho
ease at Topeka, Kansas, we may meet the exigency.
This necessity has heretofore been recognized by
Congress by making appropriations largo enough to
cover expenses incident to the employment of extra
clerical aid; and as an evidence that this confidence
has not been abused attention is respectfully invited
to tho balances of appropriations remaining to our
credit in the Treasury, an amount exceeding$450,000
having been saved by keeping the number of the
clerical force as low as possible. * * *
I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee that by this communication
the commissioner asks that they stand at the
old number, forty. I suggest a compromise,
that the number be fixed at thirty. I think
that would answer the needs of the public
service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not seen
anything from the Department on this subject.
The Secretary of the Interior, when before the
committee, made no mention of this particular
branch of the service; and here is a very large
discrepancy between the estimates and the
text of the bill as it came from the House.
The clerks estimated for in that bureau are
one hundred and eighteen ; the clerks allpwed
by the bill are twenty-six. The disproportion
is very large; but as the attention of the com-
mittee was not called to the subject by the
Secretary of the Interior, who was present be-
fore us, we gave it no consideration. I am
entirely uninformed now as to what the facts
are in regard to it. I simply find that in this
bureau the estimates are for " three principal
clerks, three clerks of class four, twenty-three
clerks of class three, forty clerks of class two,
and forty clerks of class one," while the text of
the bill allows but twenty-six in all: twenty of
class one, four of class two, one of class three,
and one of class four. Whether that is ade-
quate to the service or not, I know nothing,
except what has been vead from the desk to-
day. I should be hardly willing to consent to
so large an increase as thirty clerks, where
but twenty-six are given.
Mr. STEWART. This letter was transmit-
ted to me by the Secretary of the Interior. I
think he overlooked it when before the com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the Senator
upon the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. STEWART. No; but it has been sub-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands, and
they approve of the amendment as I under-
stand. I referred-the matter to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Public Lands ought to be informed about
the necessities of that bureau.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see the chair-
man ; but he was in favor of it/'and urged me
to move the amendment.
