1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3831
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Clerk
co report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 87, line nine hundred and one, to
sttike out "'twenty" and insert "forty;" so as
to read,' "forty clerks of class one."
Mr. STEWART. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands is nowhere, and I call
his attention to the fact that the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations has just
inquired whether the Committee on Public
Lands are in fa,vor of this increase of clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose to
amend that amendment by saying " fifteen"
instead of "twenty."
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I will accept
that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then if the
matter goes to a committee of conference, and
the committee have-any further information oil
the subject, of course it will not be agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office did not refer his com-
munication to the Committee on Public Lands ;
but I have seen him within the last few hours,
and he assures me that he does want this num-
ber of clerics.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The only thing
that leads me to doubt it is the great disparity
between the actual number of those estimated
for and those given by the House.
Mr. POMEROY. It grows outof this fact:
there is in my own State, and I suppose in
other western States, an enormous increase
of business. We have never had such an
immense entry of public lands as we have this
year; and that makes an increase of the num-
ber of clerks necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wii.ley
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Nevada
accept the modification offered by the Senator
from Maine?
Mr. STB WART. I do. Now, I will suggest
that this clause will require a further amend-
ment, so as to make the amount appropriated
correspond with the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will attend to
that presently.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, as modified.
The amendment,, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in on page 10, after line two
hundred and seventeen. In the legislative
appropriation bill, approved March 3, 18G9,
there is a provision that no propositions for
printing extra copies of public documents, the
expense of which shall exceed $500, shall be
considered by either House of Congress until
the same shall have been referred to the joint
Committee on Printing, and ordered by a con-
current resolution of the two Houses. It has
been found inconvenient by both Houses of
Congress to have this limit placed at so small
a sum, and it has been thought proper that the
amount of printing which either House of Con-
gress may order shall be increased to §1,500,
and 1 have prepared an amendment to that
effect.
The amendment also provides that all prop-
ositions originating in either House of Congress
for printing extra copies of documents, the
expense of which will exceed $1,500, shall be
referred, immediately upon their transmission
from either House, to the joint Committee on
Printing. This is not necessary in the Senate*
but it is deemed necessary in the House, on
account of their peculiar rules, which fre-
quently compel a concurrent resolution for
printing to lie on the Speaker's table for weeks
and months, with the type standing, or, if it
has been distributed, it has to be reset at con-
siderable expense. That provision I make at
the suggestion of the committee on the part
of the House. The law already requires the
reference to the joint Committee on Printing.
It. is not a rule of the Senate or a rule of the
House, but a law of Congress requiring such
reference, and this amendment simply requires
that the reference shall be made immediately.
I ask the Secretary to report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after line two hundred and sev-
enteen, page 10, the following proviso:
Provided, That so much of the "act making appro-
priations for tho legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1870," approved March 3,1809. as relates
to tho printing of extra copics of public documents
bo, and the same is hereby,repealed: Provided/ur-
(/>«•, That all propositions originating in either House
ofCongrChS for printing extra copies of public docu-
ments, the cost.ot'whichshallexceed thesumof$l,500,
shall be by concurrent resolution, and all such reso-
lutions shall, upon their transmission from either
House, be immediately referred to the Committoo
on Printing of tho House to which they are sent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to ask
the Senator why the sum of $1,500 is fixed
upon as a limit?
Mr. ANTHONY. Five hundred dollars
was found to be too small for the convenience
of either body. Frequently we desire to order
printing that costs over $500 for one House,
without consulting the other. 1 do not think
that the enlargement is liable to any abuse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It appears to
me that it would be better to fix the sum at
$1,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. We thought that $1,500
would be better ; but if the Senator proposes
$1,000 I shall make no objection. This law
has only been in force two years. The old law
allowed either House to order any amount of
printing, and that had become an abuse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But we have a
limitation now.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have a limitation
now of $500. That is thought, to be too small
for the convenience of each House. It com-
pels us to pass backward and forward con-
current resolutions upon matters of which the
other House, to which the resolution is sent,
knows nothing and cares nothing, belonging
only to the House in which it originates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
has no decided conviction on the subject, 1
will suggest $1,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have a decided con-_
viction; but I will accept $1,000 if the Sen-"
ator prefers it. Nothing can be printed under
this amendment, if it passes, without a refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing ; and if the
Committee on Printing of the Senate or of the
House recommend to their respective Houses
printing not exceeding §1,500, it can be doue
without the eoncurrcnee of the other; that is
all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I do
not object to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY^. On page 36, line eight
hundred and seventy-five, I move to strike
out 
■ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What bill is the
Senator leading from?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am reading from the
bill as printed May 16, which, I believe, is the
last, print. On page 36, line eight hundred and
seventy-five, 1 move to strike out the words
''and compiling the Biennial Register," and
also after the word "dollars," in line eight
hundred and seventy-seven, to insert:
Provided, That all acts and parts of acts which
provide for the compiling and printing (he Biennial
llegi.ster of oificcrs and agents, civil, military, and
naval, in tho bervice of the United States, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
In some remarks that I had the honor to
make a few weeks ago on the subject of public
printing 1 recommended the abolition of this
work, and in a bill now upon the Calendar that
provision is made. I will road an extract from
the last report of the Postmaster General on
this subject:
■ " I recommend a repeal of so much fif the laws as
provide, fur inserting in the Kionmal Register, or
Blue Book, a list of the several post ofiices, post-
masters, mail contractors, clerks in post olliccs. mail
route messenger.*, letter-carriers, kc., in thcsevoral
Stutes and Territories. Tho last number of tho Regis-
ter has eight hundred and seventy-seven pages, of |
which five hundred and forty-four are appropriated
to the postal service. Tho J?ost Office Department
issues biennially a work containing an alphabetical
list of tho olficcs, with tho names of the postmasters
annexed, theoHiecs arranged bycountiesand States,
tables of distances, rates of postago, and other val-
uable information. Duplicating th<S same matter in
a separate publication is worse than useless. Tho
names of tho officers of that Department on duty in
Washington might be retained in the Register. and
tho remainder of tho postal statistics excluded."
The remarks that the Postmaster General
makes with regard to the portion of the Biennial
Register occupied by the Post Offioa Depart-
ment apply with equal and greater force to
that portion occupied by the Army list, the
Navy list, the consular and diplomatic list, and
the officers of Congress, because the postal
register, printed by the Post Office Department,
it appears, is printed biennially, the same as
this work. I was under the impression that it
was printed annually ; but it is biennially, the
same as the Blue Book ; but the Army'Regis-
ter, the Navy Register, the Diplomatic and
Consular Register, and the Congressional Di-
rectory are published annually. Now hero is
the Blue Book [exhibiting a copy of it. ] A very
large portion of it is occupied by the Post
Office Department alone, and contains only
information which we have in another-form,
with the exception of the compensation of the
postmasters, and that is not very reliable. Then
here we have the War and Navy Departments,
which take so mucli more of it. The diplo-
matic and consular list takes considerable
more. About all there is left of this Blue
Book which is not acccessible in other forms
is about so much, about one fourth, and it con-
tains chiefly the lists of lower grades of clerks
in the Departments. The publication of the
book is not very expensive. There is not a
very large number printed. It is not printed
for distribution; but it strikes me that the
Postmaster General is perfectly correct in rec-
ommending the abolition of three fourths of it,
and that about one half of the residue, or one
eighth of the whole, is equally useless.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is ihat
tho Biennial Register is altogether the best
book we have; and if these different Depart-
ments want portions of tho Biennial Register
they can very easily get them. If they go to
the expense of printing their own directories
separate and apart from the regular Register,
that is wrong. I think the remedy ought to
be to direct the Departments in printing their
own registers to use the same type in which
the Biennial Register is printed. There can
be printed by the Public Printer, for the use of
the different Departments, separate directories
from the type used in the Biennial Register.
But I assure the Senator that in my experience
the Biennial Register is the most convenient
book we have. I never refer to the Army
Register or the Navy Register. They are sent
to us undoubtedly; but 1 never look to them,
because the Blue Book contains everything.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if the Senator will
allow me, the Army Register is published an-
nually and the Blue Book biennially. There-
fore, if he looks in the Blue Book for anything
to be found in the Army or Navy Register he
is likely to be a year behind. The Army
Register and the Navy Register are much more
reliable for the purposes for which they are
published ; and so is the Consular and "Dip-
lomatic Register; and so is the Congressional
Directory.
Mr. SHERMAN. But with regard to the
Post Office Department, and that is the great
bulk of the book, that is published biennially.
It. seems to me the law ought to be this: the
Biennial Register should be made and pub-
lished as usual, and each Department should
be allowed to have a certain number of the
registers of their own Departments printed
from the same type as the Biennial Register.
That would save probably a large amount of
the expense. But that it is better to have in
one book the whole service of^ the Govern-
ment it seems to me is clear. 1 hat is estab-
