1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
ate of the United States did become the dis-
penser of charity to the extent of $80,000
toward the people of the city of Washington.
I do not like myself to be plaeed m an incon-
sistent attitude; and if I could only get out of
the inconsistency in which I should be placed
as a member of this body in voting against this
measure while the other measure was passed,
I should be delighted. .
I have no doubt that my good-natured fnend
from Kansas [Mr. Pomkroy] might relieve
us from this embarrassment. He might, per-
haps, show some reason that existed for the
charity in the former case which does not exist
in the present case. He might, perhaps, show
the great advantage that we shall derive from
thebestowment of the former charity by allow-
ing its recipients to come here and sit in these
galleries day by day and smile upon our deliber-
ations, cheer us by their countenance, and, if
need be, enlighten ns by their counsels.
I rose, Mr. President, simply for the purpose
of expressing my pleasure at the enunciation
of the sound views expressed by the honorable
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. MORTON. It has been stated by the
Senator from Delaware and the Senator from
Kentucky that the incompetency of the Secre-
tary of the Navy was confessed. Confessed
by whom ? Who has confessed his incompe-
tency? What evidence is there before the Sen-
ate that he is incompetent? What evidence
is there before the Senate that he has abused
his powers or abused his trust? It is said he
has expended in six months the money that
was appropriated for a whole year. If he
found it necessary to expend the whole of the
money appropriated for one year in the first
month, what of it? Does the law require that
he shall expend so much in one month and so
much in the next, so as to expend an equal
amount in every month throughout the year ?
No, sir. If be found it necessary to expend
the whole of it for the public good in the first
month, he had a right to do so, and he is not
bound to string out his expenditures so much
during every month in the year. There is no
provision in law that requires it, nor is there
anything in reason.
Now, Mr. President, what are the facts ? As
I understand them, when this new Adminis-
tration came into power they found that there
was a large amount of repairing to be done that
perhaps had been neglected, that had not been
calculated for; and in order to keep our little
Navy afloat and to give it some sort of efficiency
it was necessary to go to work at once on these
repairs and to push them forward. How much
better would it have been for the country if
those repairs had been procrastinated—a little
done this month and a little done next month,
and so on—and thus to have had the Navy
remain comparatively inefficient during the
whole year? That was not the dictate of good
sense or of patriotism. But this new Admin-
istration coming in found that in order to make
our Navy comparatively efficient it was neces-
sary to go to work at once and to make much
larger repairs than had been calculated for
before. <
Now, sir, the money having been exhausted
that was appropriated, it is said this appro-
priation is to be a matter of charity in order to
keep some six or seven thousand men at work,
and not because the public interest demands
that the work should be done. That is an
assumption. Is there any evidence before the
Senate that the work which has been suspended
and that which is yet to be done is not neces-
sary ? I have no doubt, from what I under-
stand, that the work which has beeen suspended
is just as necessary as that which has been done,
and that this labor is required for the good of
the Navy and the good of the country, and not
simply for the benefit of these operatives.
Bat, sir, aside from that question, inasmuch
as the work is required by the Navy Depart-
ment, it is something of a hardship that seven
thousand men shall be turned out of employ-
ment in the middle of winter, that they shall
be required to wait for months, perhapB, until
an appropriation can be made in such a way
as to meet the views of the most fastidious.
Sir, it is the part of patriotism, it is for the
benefit of the country, and it is proper that
this work should go on and go on now. If the
work is to be done it might just as well be
done in the next three months as to be done
next summer or next fall.
Then, sir, what are all these objections?
Simply to make a point against the Secretary
of the Navy, to show that the administration
is derelict or has committed a blunder, when
there is no evidence of blunder; there is no
evidence of incapacity. It seems to me from
the statements that have been made here
that this money ought to have been appropri-
ated in the first ten minutes after the bill was
introduced. There has not been a valid objec-
tion offered against it. What is nut down as the
offense of the Secretary of the Navy is that he
has been energetic; that he has been prompt;
that he has gone forward and done in the course
of a few months what a lazy administration
would haveprotracted throughout a whole year.
Mr. FOWLER. Before voting on a measure
of this kind I desire to express my views upon
it. We were called upon a few days ago for a
frant of charity to the District of Columbia.
voted for that, and voted for it cheerfully,
for this reason more than any other considera-
tion : that the people in the District of Colum-
bia have been fearfully neglected by those who
pretend to govern them; that they are taxed
enormously and receive but few advantages
from the Government of the United States,
who have them in charge; that the Government
of the United States have not at any time paid
or pretended to pay the amount due to the
people of the District, and although owning
large amounts of property here the Govern-
ment pays no taxes upon it. Then, again, there
were other reasons why that appropriation
should be made. Large numbers of persons
have come into this District from other places
who have to be taken care of, and the people
of the District should not be taxed constantly
to support persons from different States.
This appropriation comes to us in a form
that appeals to our sympathies, and appeals
very strongly to mine, I admit. I snail not object
to the appropriation because of any inefficiency
on the part of the Secretary of the Navy or
those who advise and control him, for I do
not know anything of the kind. I suppose him
to be entirely efficient. I shall not object to it
because he has neglected to observe the laws.
I do not know that he has neglected them. I
shall not object to it because of any improper
course that he may have followed. I do not
know that he has done so. But I object to it
because of the labor itself. I think it will aston-
ish the people of my own section of the country
when they come to learn that, in the midst of
winter and iu the midst of a time of peace like
this, seven thousand men have been uselessly
employed in the Navy at enormous wages, and
that an appropriation of $4,000,000 is to be
made for their benefit in the twinkling of an
eye, without any consideration, at a time, too,
when those people are worked like field hands
on a great plantation for the purpose of pour-
ing funds into the Treasury of the united States,
and they are told that all they have to do is to
work on, work on, and yield their revenues for
this purpose.
If any Senator Will show me that there is
any advantage at the present time to this Gov-
ernment or to the people of the United States
in assembling in the different navy-yards of
this country so large a number of persons to
construct vessels I may be induced to vote for
this measure ; but it is the very labor itself,
the fact that so large an amount of work should
be demanded at the present time, that induces
me to vote against it. What interest have we
that demands it? What demand is there upon
the Government at the present time for this
measure? What outside pressure or what
pressure from any quarter compels us to vote
so large an appropriation at the present time
to the support of the Navy? I would vote
much more cheerfully to dispense with the
whole thing at once. It is time that this drain
upon the Treasury of the country, this press-
ure upon the very life of the people itself,
should be stopped, and it is the duty of Con-
gress to do it. I tell you, sir, the expenditure
m the Navy Department is enormous; it is
extravagant; it is unnecessary; and it is time
that the people should know it. I am opposed
| to the employment of this vast amount of
I labor; and this of course is but a small part
I of the number of men who are employed. The
j fact that seven thousand men have been dis-
I missed at one time is sufficiently startling in
i itself. One third of that number would be
1 ample for all the purposes of the Government
at the present time. There will have to be
some different facts presented other than those
; I have heard this morning before I can be
i induced to saddle such an enormous expend-
1 iture upon the people.
: The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
! offered by the Senator from Vermont,
i Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I modify the
| phraseology of my amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be reported.
The Secretary. The amendment to the
amendment is to insert after the word " appro-
priated," where it last occurs, the following
words:
At no higher rate of wages than is paid for like
services as to time and amount by private citizens
in the respective localities.
Mr. WILSON. I am opposed to that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the ayes appeared to
h&v6 it
Mr. WILSON. I ask for a division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We may as
well have the yeas and nays. .
Several Senators. Oh, no ; we have enough
without that.
Mr. MORTON. It is proper to make the
statement that I suppose the Senator from Ver-
mont intends by this amendment to overrule
absolutely what is called the eight-hour law.
If the Senate is prepared to do that it will
adopt the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; that is what
we want to do.
The question being again put, there were,
on a division—ayes 25, noes 5 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. THAYER and Mr. WILSON called
forthe yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the vote is taken
I should like to ask a question of the Senator
from Vermont. It is whether this provision is
not the enforcement of the eight-hour law pre-
cisely as the Navy Department has construed
it and the Attorney General also ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Precisely.
Mr. NYE. It is just the opposite.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Precisely as
the Navy Department and the Attorney Gen-
eral have construed it.
Mr. CONKLING. So I understand; and I
believe I am right in thinking that the Navy
Department requested, or the President for
the Navy Department, the written opinion of
the Attorney General, and that opinion was,
as the practice of the Department is, that the
law means precisely what the Senator from
Vermont now reenacts.
Mr. MORTON. There have been two opin-
ions of the Attorney General.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not intend to ex-
press any opinion as to the merits of the prop-
osition submitted by the Senator from Vermont
by the vote I am about to give; but I shall not
vote to put that amendment on this bill, for I
do not consider it proper to make an appropri-
ation bill the necessity of which has been made
