1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887
Belations, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Creutz, of the Netherlands. _ The bill was read ■
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed. i
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
the following bills, reported them severally
without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 983) to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the enforcement of mechan-
ics' liens on buildings, &c., in the District of
Columbia," approved February 2, 1859 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1025£) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish in the District
of Columbia a house of correction for boys,"
approved July 25, 1866;
A bill (fl. R. No. 1456) to abolish joint
tenancy in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1635) to authorize the
corporate authorities of the city of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to pave and ■
improve the streets thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 1594) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Freed-
men'sSavings and Trust Company," approved
March 3, 1865; and
A bill (S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled |
"An act fixing the compensation for the bail-
iffs and criers of the courts of the District of
Columbia," approved February 22, 1867.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 471) in relation to certain unsold lands
in the counties of Porter and Lake, in the State
of Indiana, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (Hr R. No. 649) to incorporate the
University for the Blind in the District of Co-
lumbia, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor; which
was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 489) to authorize
the construction and maintenance of a bridge
across the Niagara river, reported it with
amendments.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
830) for relief of the Drew Theological Sem-
inary of Madison, New Jersey; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 179) authorizing water-
gauges to be established and observations to
be made on the Mississippi river and its prin-
cipal tributaries with a view to obtaining in-
formation required for the protection of the
alluvial lands against overflow, and for the
improvement of navigation ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 832) authorizing United States com-
missioners to use official seals and provide for
the authentication thereof; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I present to the Senate,
on behalf of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, a somewhat voluminous report, made to
that committee by a sub-committee appointed
by themselves; and I am instructed by the com-
mittee to ask that it may be printed, together
with the_ testimony accompanying it, for the
information of the committee and of the Senate,
in order to enable the committee to proceed
more intelligently in the investigation of the
subjects now before them.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. In what case
is it?
Mr. HOWARD. In regard to what is known
as the Southern Transcontinental Railroad
Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the report will be considered as
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I desire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairhears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. STEWART subsequently said : I wish
to state with regard to the report from the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, made by the
Senator from Michigan a few momenta ago,
that as one member of that committee I do
not know whether it contains my views or not.
Perhaps I agree to it, and perhaps I do not. ;
I have not had achance to examine it. I have ,
no objection to its being printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was simply |
a motion to print and recommit, so that the
Senator is not bound by it. !
Mr. HOWARD. I simply wish to say, in
response to the Senator from Nevada, that the
report to which he refers is made for the in-
formation of the Pacific Railroad Committee,
and it is to be printed with a view to reference to
the committee. I ought also to say that the
report to which he has alluded was read to the
sub-committee before it was made to the com-
mittee. I do not regard either him or my
colleague, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. i
Rice,] who is also on the sub-committee, as
being bound by and committed to that report.
It remains for them to examine it carefully as
they shall choose, and to derive their own con-
clusions from it.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
that course.
Mr. FENTON. I suppose that no member
of the committee, except of the sub-committee,
perhaps, can be regarded as bound by the
report, whether he was present or not this
morning.
sMr. HOWARD. Not at all. I wrote the
report of the sub-committee myself, and I only
am responsible for it. I take that responsi-
bility cheerfully.
john young.
Mr. FERRY. While I was home, about
the 1st of April, the case of the application of
John Young for the extension of a patent was
reported adversely from the Patent Committee
by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] who is on that committee. I learned at
home almost immediately of the adverse report
and telegraphed to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, requesting that it might lie over until I got
back. Sly telegram did not reach him, however,
until he bad made his report and had the bill
indefinitely postponed. What I want now to
ask is unanimous consent that the bill be taken
up and placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report, as would have been done, as a matter
of course, had I been here at that time to ask
to have it done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. XNTHONY. I ask if it can be done
at all ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. After the bill has been
indefinitely postponed ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can reconsider it by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can it be reconsidered
if the motion is made more than three days
afterward ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by unanimous consent. The Senator from
Connecticut states that he was absent when the
bill was reported and indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was competent for any
Senator to make a motion to reconsider that
vote within one or two days afterward. That
is the rule. This is simply suspending the rule
by unanimous consent and allowing a motion ,1
to reconsider to be made and put it on the
Calendar. That can be done at any time during
the session if the Senate consent to suspend
the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then anything that has
been indefinitely postponed, and which every
person interested in it thought was disposed
of, can be taken up afterward as though it had
not been indefinitely postponed?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island object?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think it is com-
petent for the Senate to do it. I think that
the vote that we passed here at the last ses-
sion, in the McGarrahan case, that a bill which
had been indefinitely postponed might be called
up at a subsequent time, is contrary to all par-
liamentary law
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not propose to do
it by a vote, but by unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate suspend a rule applying to
a case that has been disposed of? lake this
very case. There were persons here interested
against this patent. They came and stayed here
until they thought it was disposed of, and then
went home. Now, if it can be taken up again
and acted upon in their absence, it does not
seem to me very fair.
Mr. FERRY. I do not propose to have it
acted upon now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to say one word to
my friend from Rhode Island. The fifty-third
rule, I believe, contains the limitation within
which the motion may be made. Without the
fifty-third rule it would be in the power of the
body at any time during the session to recon-
sider anything that had been done. Now, by
suspending the fifty-third rule, as the Chair
says, by unanimous consent, it is perfectly in
order to move to reconsider; but, of course, it
cannot be done without unanimous consent.
"Reconsideration" applies to something that
has been done and gone by, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island object? The Chair
cannot understand whether he does or not.
The right accrues to every Senator to object
when unanimous consent is asked to suspend
any rule of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. What rule is it proposed
to suspend?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The twentieth
rule, which states that a motion to reconsider
must be made within two days. But the fifty-
third rule states that any rule can be suspended
by unanimous consent, and the Senator from
Connecticut asks to suspend the twentieth rule
in this case in order to allow the bill to be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be done.
Nobody objects to it, I reckon.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair under-
stands that no objection is made to the recon-
sideration; and the bill, being House bill No.
1492, will be placed on the Calendar.
change of rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of resolutions which
have laid over, and the Secretary will report
the first resolution.
The Secretary. The first resolution on the
Calendar is the resolution submitted by Mr.
Williams on the 6th of April, to amend the
rule of the Senate recently adopted respecting
the order of business on the Calendar.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that that reso-
lution be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
proposed annexation of winnipeo.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Chand-
ler on the 19th instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he hereby is, directed to appoint two or more
