3882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
lished, I think, in the practice of all other
Governments. There is always some official
register in which is published the name of
every employe of the Government, his com-
pensation, &c. I do not like to interfere with
anythingthe Senator has examined in his own
department; but I can only say from my own
experience that this book is often sent for, and
J have purchased it for my constituents at dif-
ferent times. I believe it was formerly pub-
lished so that it could be purchased; and I
have bought copies of it to send to them. They
always send for what is called the Blue Book.
Iu some cases they send for the Post Office
Directory, and I have got that at a small price.
But generally they apply for the Blue Book.
A great many copies of this book are now
owned and held by manufacturers and other
dealers all over the country, as a matter of con-
venience, and they send circulars to the post-
masters and otherofficers of the Government.
Probably our own names are furnished to them
in that way; and that will explain the very
many papers and documents that are sent to
us. My judgment is that it would be better
to continue the publication of the Blue Book
and to make some modification in the pub-
lication of the departmental registers.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator think
it is best to continue the publication of the
Post Office list in the Blue Book?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, I think it would be
better to have them all there, and require the
Post Office Department to use this same type
for the printing of a reasonable number of
directories for the Post Office Department. I
do not wish to interfere with the Senator if he
has considered the subject, but the amendment
does not commend itself to my judgment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
amend that clause further by inserting after
the word "documents," in line eight hundred
andseventy-seven, the words "shall not exceed
tho salary of a fourth-class clerk." This is
designed to confine the salary of the superin-
tendent of public documents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
Senator from Rhode Island, what is the esti-
mate of the expense of publishing the Biennial
Register?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no means of know-
ing what the expense of preparing it is. I sup-
pose it employs two or three clerks to prepare
it. The expense of publishing it must be per-
haps $8,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move
to reduce the appropriation in that clause by
striking out "seven" and inserting "five," so
as to make it read " $5,000."
Mr. ANTHONY. That will not be right.
You should only reduce it by the cost of the
preparation of the work, because the cost of
printing is included in the general appropria-
tion for the public printing, which ought to be
increased rather than reduced, according to
this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had a fancy,
when I voted for the Senator's amendment,
after 'hearing his speech, that I was going to
save a couple of thousand dollars by refusing
to publish this work.
Mr. POMERO Y. If the Senate have agreed
not to print what is called the Blue Book, I
shall want another vote upon it when we come
into the Senate, so that we may see what the
sense of the Senate is on that subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. The vote was light, and
I have no objection to the question being taken
over again. I think this book ought not to be
printed, but I do not want it to'be abolished
by any snap judgment. If it is the judgment
of the Senate that it should be printed, I do
not wish to interfere with it. I think it is
a useless expense; but other Senators think
differently, and I desire to have the fair judg-
ment of the Senate upon it, wliateverit may be.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island to strike out that portion
of the publication which is recommended^ by
the Postmaster General to be stricken out. That
will reduce the size of the book one half or
more.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
reducing the Blue Book by striking out all that
the Postmaster General reports ought to be
omitted from it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The book is prepared
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. POMEROY. I refer to that portion
relating to the Post Office Department.
Mr. CORBETT. That portion relating to the
postmasters and their compensation, I under-
stand, the Secretary recommends be stricken
out.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
striking that out.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest that that portion
be stricken out.
Mr. ANTHONY, The same principle on
which the list of postmasters should be stricken
out applies with much more force to the Army
and Navy lists, because the Post Office list is
published biennially and the Army and Navy
Registers are published annually.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that; but if
that portion is stricken out it makes a small
book, not more than one half of its present
size. That constitutes the bulk of the book ;
and, as I understand the Senator from Rhode
Island, that information is published in another
form, in which it can be readily obtained. By
striking out that portion you get the officers
of all the other Departments in one book, if
you desire to refer to them ; and then, if we
wish to have information on the other point,
all we have to do is to refer to the publication
pertaining to the Post Office Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Phis debate is
all informal. There is no question before the
Senate.
• Mr. ANTHONY. When the bill comes into
the Senate a vote can be taken over again on
the amendment I offered. That will be the
better way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
question now before the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to correct a mistake
which was made in this printed bill. The Sen-
ate will remember that upon my motion the
words "temporary clerks" were inserted in
line seventy-four, on page 4. They should be
inserted in line ninety, on page 5, as the bill is
now printed, after the word "items," so that
the clause will read, "For miscellaneous
items, temporary clerks, exclusive of labor-
ers, &c." It does not change the appro-
priation, but merely the place at which this
amendment is to be inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So as to charge
it to another appropriation.
Mr. FERRY. It does not change the appro-
priation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that is true
there is no objection to it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to offer
an amendment on page 8 of the bill, line one
hundred aud sixty-eight. The item now reads,
"for folding documents, including materials,
$25,000." "That is the appropriation of the
House. The estinjate was $100,000. The com-
mittee of the House reported $80,000 ; but it
was amended in the House so as to place it at
$25,000. The Senate, I will say, is expected
to increase all these appropriations, as we are
told, from the House; and my experience is
that we are expected to do that, or else we are
expected to pass a deficiency bill. From intima-
tions I have had I think it desirable that we
should put this where the Committee on Appro-
priations put it in the House, at $80,000. 1 am
induced to say this, not so much in the spirit
of accommodation, because I do not think the
Senate ought fairly to be charged with increas-
ing, as a general proposition, the bills which
come from the House of Representatives. I
know that such an idea as that does go out
to the country ; and I take this occasion, while,
moving this amendment, to say that as this bilr
came to the Senate it appropriated $19,534,823.
It went to the Committee on Appropriations
in that way. The Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate reported it back, reducing
it $1,574,600. The Senate has added some-
thing, not enough, however, to overcome the
amount reduced in it; so that I think the bill
will still go back to the House, with all the addi-
tions which have been made or which I antici-
pate will go on the bill, less than it came to the
Senate.
I move that that clause in line one hundred
and sixty-eight be amended by striking out
"twenty-five" and inserting "eighty," so as
to make the appropriation $80,000, which I
am assured the House will need.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my honorable friend
from Maine what leading items of appropria-
tion we have stricken out so as to reduce the
appropriations in the bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The collection
of the internal revenue, $1,000,000, and sun-
dry other items for different branches of the
service. I think it fair that I should say this,
because I know that it has gone out to the
country that the Senate is a very extravagant
body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very much surprised
to hear that there has been a reduction of an
appropriation bill by the Senate. I am very
glad to hear it.
Mr. SAWYER. With the permission of the
Senator from Maine, I should like now to offer
an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. On page 15, line three hun-
dred and forty-eight, after the word "form,"
I move to insert the words "And for pay-
ment of any balance which may be due for
publication of the laws passed previous to the
second session of the Forty-First Congress ; "
so that the clause will read :
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and for
payment of any balance which may be duo for pub-
lication of tho laws passed previous to the second
session of tho Forty-First Congress, &c.
There is a balance of $2,000 due for pub-
lication ordered under the former law ; and as
this clause repeals the law which authorizes
that publication, it is desirable to provide that
payment shall be made of those balances out
of the appropriation made for publishing the
laws in pamphlet form.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. On page 5, afterline ninety-
five, I move to insert the following :
For balanee to the First National Bank of Washing-
ton city, District of Columbia, the sum of $1,613 01,
principal and interest on the same from June 3,
1867, at six percent., due tho said bank on account
of money advanced by it for the necessary expenses
of the joint selectCommittee on Ordnance; and that
the receipt of tho cashier of said bank shall be a
sufficient voucher to the accounting officers of tho
Treasury in the settlement of tho account.
I will simply remark that I know the facts
stated in the amendment to be correct, as I
was chairman of (he joint Committee on Ord
nance, and that that sum is now honestly due
that bank to pay the expenses incurred by the
co.mmittee. It is a justclaim. Igave notice of
this amendment to the Committee on Appro-
priations several days ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
the Senator to explain it more fully.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Was this money
advanced by the bank for the purposes .of the
committee ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; for the use of
