1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. CREBS. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; ana there were twenty-four in the affirma-
tive.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
rum) tellers were ordered.
Mr. Ckebs and Mr. Dawes were appointed
to act as tellers.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 54, noes 58.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For paving, grading, and fencing about custom-
house at Ogdensburg, New York, $5,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after tho clause just read the follow-
ing:
For paving, curbing, grading, seworago, and other
work about tho court-house and post office at Spring-
field, Illinois, the sum of $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For custom-houso at Sandusky, Ohio, for general
repairs, $10,000.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by inserting
after the clause just read the following:
For purchase of additional land for the custom-
house at Castino, Maine, $000.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations knows that this is correct, and 1 pre-
sume that there will be no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For continuing construction, granite and lime-
stone work, lor custom-house, at Saint Paul, Minne-
sota, $16,000.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. For the purpose of
making an issue with regard to this item I move
that it be stricken out. I send to the Clerk's
desk m be read a letter with reference to this
subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
Saint Paul, Minnesota, February 20. 1870.
SiE: As to who I am I refer to Hon. I. Donnolly,
Hon. Eugene M. Wilson, Hon. Daniel S. Norton,
lion. M. S. Wilkinson, and Hon. A. Ramsey.
Two years ago Idosired to bid on furnishing granite
l'or tho Saint Paul custom-houso. Xmadomy wishes
known three times to tho resident architoct hero,
Mr. Knight, and X thon wroto to Mr. Mullet, Wash-
ington. My lotter is no doubtonlilointheTrcasury
Department. Mr. Mullet sent me back a lottor, of
which the following is a copy :
Treasury Department,
Office of iSurnRvisiNQ Architect.
February 25,1868.
Slit: Yoursof tho 18th instant is roccivod. Inroply
I havo to say that tho now custom-houso at Saint
Paul will be constructed of the Minnesotalimestono,
with drossmgs of granite, for which a largo quantity
of stono will bo required. Advoitisoinonts request-
ing proposals l'or furnishing tho same will bo duly
published by the superintendent, and I shall bo
much pleased to havo you submit a bid. If you are
tho lowest bidder, and the security and sample of
stone satisfactory, tho contract will bo awarded to
you.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLET,
Supervising Architect.
T. M. Newson, esq., Unint Paul, Minnesota.
I waited a long whiio for the appearance of tho
advertisement; but none appearing,1 saw Mr.Knight,
who informed me thccuntiacthad been let privately,
per order from Washington; so some throe or four
parties were debarred the privilege of bidding, and
tho granito for tho custom-house is costing tho Gov-
ernment enormously. Please tell mo why tho fur-
nishing of the granito was not let to tho lowest bid-
der.
The contract for dressing the granito was thrown
up. The Government then carricd on tho business
just long enough to have it appear it cost enormously,
when men were at tho elbow of Mullet to make a
bid, which was accepted. Plain work on custom-
houso cost $2 40 pel'foot; scroll work $3 50 per foot.
The cornice costs some thirty-six dollars per foot,
more than tho cornice of the Treasury building in
Washington.
Inclosed please find newspaper articles which will
give you a very good idea of how matters are gtffhg
on bore. I have proof of all I write you.
Vory respectfully, T. M. .NEWSON.
Hon. J. F. Farnsworth, Washint/tmi. D. C.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I do not know per-
sonally the gentleman who writes this letter,
but I refer lo the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] whom I see in his seat as
to the respectability of the writer. Nor do I
personally know anything about the facts stated
m the letter. The writer appears to be an
intelligent man ; and if it is true that instead
of advertising for proposals for furnishing mate-
rials for these public buildings contracts are
thus privately let by orders from Washington,
or by direction from this supervising architect,
it seems to me the country ought to know the
facts of the matter, and that there ought to be
some reform in this practice.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not suppose the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
really desires to have this appropriation voted
down. The motion, I understand, has been
made with the view of getting before the House
this letter, which makes some reflections upon
Mr. Mullet, the supervising architect. Now,
certainly, if this officer has not discharged his
duties properly the men who took this contract
and have done the work ought not to suffer on
that account. The gentleman who wrote that
letter is a respectable man, and I have no
doubt that his statements are true. But, Mr.
Chairman, this appropriation is necessary
because the work has been done under the
contract which has been made, and those who
have done the work ought to be paid. The
appropriation embraced in this item is as neces-
sary as any contained in the bill.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. As I know nothing
personally in reference to this matter I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I renew the
amendment. As I have been referred to in
this letter, I desire to say a word or two on the
subject. I cannot understand why this gentle-
man who resides in Minnesotahas not forwarded
his communication to some of the gentlemen
representing that State. I have nothing to say
against his standing or his respectability. I
know nothing about the facts to which he
alludes; his statements may or may not be
correct. The charge is of such a nature that
perhaps there should be some investigation
with regard to the matter. But, as has been
stated by my colleague, [Mr. Wilkinson,] this
is not a question affecting the propriety of this
appropriation. Whether the supervising archi-
tect has done his duty or not the contract has
been let; and this building is in such a condi-
tion that this appropriation is absolutely neces-
sary in order to prevent the Government from
losing perhaps more thau the amount proposed
to be appropriated. The granite cutters who
are now engaged in cutting the granite for this
building have their homes in the Bast. There
are no granite-cutters residing in our part of
tho country. Unlesstiiisappropriationbemade
those men will return to their homes, and when
the appropriation is made hereafter they will
havo to be brought back at an increased ex-
expense. There was asked for this work a much
larger sum than this bill proposes to appropriate.
It has been estimated by somewhat about fifty
thousand dollars is necessary to continue the
work on this building. The committee have
cut it down to $16,000, and certainly that small
amount cannot be denied, as the gentleman
has said he.knows nothing about the matter.
I do not think there is anything in that letter,
which should militate against that appropria-
tion. As far as the merits or demerits of the
persons connected with the contract are con-
cerned I know nothing. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment simply for the purpose of say-
ing to the House that I think it is unjust and
unfair to have these repeated attacks on an
officer who is not here to defend himself and
cannot be here to defend himself. The letter
of every disappointed contractor and every
other slander against him seem to be brought
against him whenever any appropriation for
carrying on the public buildings is presented
to the House. Now, the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads have gone into
an examination in reference to this officer, and
I have waited to hear a report from them as
to what this architect did which was wrong.
They have so far made no report on the sub-
ject. I do not think it was any of their busi-
ness; and they have in this bill an appropriation
of some $2,000 to pay for the expenses of that
committee in this investigation, to which I am
prepared to speak when it comes to my turn.
I wish now to say to the House that as soon
as I get an opportunity I propose, in justice to
the country, if it has been defrauded, and in
justice to this public officer, so that he may
relieve himself of all these charges, to move
that the Committee on Expenditures on the
Public Buildings be authorized and empowered
to investigate in reference to the public build-
ings, and report by bill or otherwise whether
any legislation is necessary and proper to pro-
mote efficiency and economy, with power to
send for persons and papers. I think that
committee, in whom we all have confidence,
ought to take cognizance of this whole matter
and thoroughly investigate it. That is just what
I propose to doj and I crave gentlemen of the
House to suspend their judgment on this officer
until there shall be such full and complete
investigation. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I renew the amendment,
Mr. Chairman. I wish to say a word in regard
to this building at St. Paul. Some few days
since the gentleman referred to, the supervis-
ing architect of the Treasury Department, sent
to me some St. Paul newspapers containing
the same charges made in the letter which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabnswohth]
had read at the Clerk's desk, requesting me to
lay them before tho Committee on Retrench-
ment for the purpose of having the charges
investigated. I do not know anything about
the charges, but I know that is the way in
which he has met them. There has been no
meeting of the committee since then, and the
papers have remained in my hands. He says
that he courts an investigation and does not
shirk it.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of giving us an evening
session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make a remark
or two about this item.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I do not
understand what motive or design there may
be in all this; but I confess my mind revolts
at the attempt thus to attack indirectly any
officer of the Government or any other person.
What is there before us but a proposition to
appropriate a certain amount of money to com-
plete a custoin-house at St. Paul ? Does any
one objectto that? Notthat I have heard; but
a motion is made for the purpose of introdu-
cing a letter written by some disappointed con-
tractor about Mr. Mullet, the architect; a letter
not written to the man's own Representative,
or any one from that State, but written to a
gentleman from another State, and he knowing
nothing about the writer of the letter, but sup-
posing him to be respectable, calls up another
gentleman from another State who says the
writer is respectable, and thus the charge, which
may be true or may be libelous, is dragged before
the House of Representatives and embalmed in
the records for preservation, and that when
there is no intention to amend or interfere with
the appropriation proposed. In other words,
it is used as a hook on which to hang a per-
sonal attack upon an officer of the Govern-
ment.
Now, sir, this is all new to me, and I took
some pains to get information as to how Mr.
Mullet, who is a citizen of my State, had been
conducting himself as an officer of the Gov-
ernment. I got parties to prepare with great
pains, on an examination of the record, such
papers and proofs as satisfy me that Mr. Mul-
let's administration of the office he holds has
been unusually economical and to the advan-
