1870.
THE CON©RESSIGN^Ii GLOBE.
1001
Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United 8tates
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the king ot
the Netherlands; and . .
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 28) authorizing ,
Lieatenant Commander W. A. Kirklaad, Uni- ,
ted States Na\y, to accept a gold medal from |
the emperor of France.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following joint res-
olutions :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) to close the
accounts of John W. Forney, late Secretary of
the Senate; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) author-
izing the passport clerk at the Department of
State to administer oaths and affirmations on
applications for passports.
HK3SA6B FROM TDK HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1096) to admit the State of Mississippi to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United
States, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of December
8, 1869, information relating to the presence
of Hon. William McDougall at Pembina, in
Dakota Territory, and the opposition by the
inhabitants of Selkirk settlement to his assump-
tion of the office of Governor of the northwest
territory; which was, on motion of Mr. RAM-
SEY, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 467) to repeal section
four of the act of March 3,1869, entitled "An
act in relation to additional bounties, and for
other purposes," and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1096) to admit the State
of Mississippi to representation in the Congress
of the United States was read twice by its title,
andreferredto the Committee on the Judiciary.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
On motion of Mr. CARPENTER, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 376) more
effectually to preserve the neutral relations of
the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I ask
the indulgence of the Senate for a few moments
before this bill is referred to the appropriate
committee. The bill proposes to repeal the
neutrality act of 1818, ana remit the Govern-
ment to its independent rights and neutral
duties as determined by the law of nations. I
hope this bill will become a law.
A true understanding of the scope and effect
of the act of 1818 is a legitimate part of the
discussion on the merits of this bill. A statute
which was enacted more than fifty years ago,
and was at that time a revision of all former
laws upon the subject, and which has shaped
the foreign policy of this Government ever
since its enactment, ought not to be swept away
without a clear understanding Of its provisions,
properly construed, that we may estimate the
change which will be wrought by its repeal.
Before the holidays I Had the honor of
addressing the Senate upon this subject, in
support of the resolution introduced by me in
regard to the Spanish gun-boats. Ultimate
action before the recess upon the resolution
became impossible without displacing the
Georgia bill, which was justly regarded as
matter of great and pressing necessity. When
we assembled after the recess the gun-boats had
departed* : But as that dkoussion involved
principles which are applioable here, and as
the positions assumed by me at that time were
pronounced erroneous by the Senator from
Massachusetts, I propose to fortify them by
assailingthe propositions which were laid down
by that Senator.. >
The Senator from Massachusetts, ia his
reply to me, scorned to employ argument, and
resorted to the shorter and, perhaps, safer
method of attempting to suppress the con-
struction I contended for, by authority—the
authority of his own opinion. He said:
" I have no disposition now to disouss the great
question involved in tho speech of the Senator from
Wisconsin, but the Senator will pardon meif I ven-
ture to suggest that he has misapprehended tho
meaning of the statute on which he relies. Certainly
he has misapprehended it or I have."
Well, sir, it is plain enough that when two
men entertain different opinions upon the same
subject, one or the other must be in the wrong.
Both may be, one must be. But the statement
of this truism does not advance the Senator's
argument, unless it be also assumed and ad-
mitted that the Senator from Massachusetts
cannot be mistaken—a proposition J shall never
assent to after listening to his construction of
this statute. That Senator is always courteous
enough to answer the arguments of his oppo-
nent, when they can be answered; when they
cannot be, like Jupiter when Jupiter was in
: the wrong, he clothes himself with thunder,
and faces everything down withhold assertion.
Again, the Senator informed me that if I
would only take the trouble to consult their
history, I would find that the words " colony,
district, or people" were introduced into this
statute for a specific purpose, &c.
I was not so absolutely arid utterly ignorant
of the history of this neutrality law, even at that
time, as this patronizing suggestion assumed.
But knowing as a lawyer that the plain wordB of
: a statute can neither be enlarged nor Restricted
by reference to extrinsic facts,I did not bring
forward the history of the statute, but relied upon
' its language. Nevertheless, knowing how easy
it is to be mistaken, I have since retrodden the
found, and now, fresh from the examination,
am able to assert, without fear of successful
.contradiction from any quarter, that even' the
historic argument is entirely against the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
That Senator's speech may be reduced to
three propositions:
1. That the statute of 1818 was passed for a
specific purpose. '' It was to meet the case of
the revolted Spanish eolonies, already for eight
years in arm s against the parent Government,''
&c., and the statute is therefore inapplicable
to the present revolt of Cuba against Spain.
2. That this statute can only apply to a case
of a contest between two parties, both of whom
are acknowledged as belligerents; and that the
revolt in Cuba has nt>t yet reached the condi-
tion where Cuba can be so regarded.
3. That Cuba or Cubans may - be. levying
war against Spain, bot that Spain ia only pro-
ceeding in the exercise of her '• executive func-
tions" in order to establish her authority, but
is not levying war against Cuba*. Therefore,
the United States were justified in detaining
the Hornet, but would not have been justified
in detaining the Spanish gun-boats.
I shall try to show that each and every of
these propositions is wholly untenable i
First. That the statute of 1818 was passed
for a specific purpose, to wit, te meet oases
arising out of the then existing war between
Spain and her revolted 8outh American colo-
nies, and is therefore inapplicable to the pres-
ent contest between Spain and Cuba.
Had such an argument been made in a c&urt
of justice by some obscure member of the pro-
fession—and in a court of justice it would not
have fallen from any other—I should not have
regarded it as deserving even a passing notice.
But it is one of the consequences of reputation
established that it may clothe the grossest
error in the garb of authority. The people have
found the Senator from Massachusetts sound in
so many things that they naturally incline to
believe him sound in all things; and a portion
of our party press is ready to indorse a speech
made by him even before they have seen it, and
pronounce any principle unsound which they
are informed by telegraph he has condemned.
It is therefore due, not to the proposition, but
I to its author, that it should be refuted.
> It is to be borne in mind that the question
' now under consideration relates to the legal
effect, or in other words, the just and proper
interpretation of this statute, and not to the
question whether as matter of policy it ought
to be repealed so as not to apply to other cases
than that which the Senator says induced its
enactment. The history of this act might be
important if the question now was upon con-
tinuing or.repealing this law. But that is not
the question. • While this statute remains a
law, it must be applied to all the cases which
fall within its plain, unambiguous words. This
is so self-evident a proposition that argument
cannot make it plainer. It is only when the
language of a statute is blind or ambiguous, and
the meaning of the statute therefore doubtful,
that resort can be had to the circumstances
under which it was passed to dispel the doubt.
Where the statute is plain there is no principle
which authorizes a resort to extrinsic facts to
render it doubtful or to prevent its full oper-
ation and effect according to its plain provis-
ions. This is the fundamental canon for the
interpretation of statutes, and is as old as the
law itself. There is an authority upon this
point that I should suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts would bow to, for it is enough
" that the disciple is as his Lord."
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the .Constitution, section four, hundred and
seven, discussing the general subject of inter-
pretation, says:
Contemporaneous construction is properly re-
sorted to to illustrate and confirm the text, to expl ain
a doubtful phrase, or to expound an obscure clause;
and in proportion to the uniformity and universality
of that construction, and the known ability and
talents of those by whom it was, given, is the credit
to which it is entitled. It can never abrogate tho
text; it can never fritter away its obvious sense; it
can never narrow down its true .limitations; it can
never enlarge its natural boundaries,'
In a note appended to this section, .Mr.
Story considers tne principles of interpretation
which Mr. Jefferson had contended for. He
quotes Mr. Jefferson, as follows:
" On every question oif construction we should
cany ourselves back to the time when the Constitu-
tion was adopted, recollect the spirit manifested in
the debates, and instead of trying what meaning
may be squeezed out of the text, orinventad against
it conform to the probable one in which.it was
passed."
. It will be ssen that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has almost repeated the rule of. inter-
pretation for which Mr. Jefferspn contended.
, Now let Mr, Justice Story ans^erboth the
Senator and Mr. Jefferson:
''Now who does not sea the utter looseness.and
incoherence of this canon? How are we to know
what was thought of particular clauses of -the Con-
stitution at the time Of its adoption ? ;Inf mawy oases
no printed debates give any account of any con-
struction, and where any is given, different persons
held different doctrines. Whose is to. prevail V .
This statute is perfectly plain. It declares
it criminal for. a person, within the United
States to fit out or be engaged in fitting out—
" Any ship or vessel, with intent that such ship or
vessel shall be employed in the service of any ior-
eign State" * * * * " to cruise or commit
hostilities against the subjects of any foreign btate,
or any colony, district, or people, «c.
The statute is not confined to any particular
rebellion, relates to no particular nation, is
eonfined to no particular time. _ It is general,
applying to all nations, #11 rebellions, all future
time. It waa a revision and codification ot all
former laws upon the subject, and it repealed
all such former laws. It was designed, to be a
complete regulation of the matters .embraced
within its provisions, and to stand as the per-
manent policy of the United States; and it
has remained in force through all the wars,
