1870.
the congressional globe.
1945
tage of the Government of the country, con
sidering the laws under which he acted and
what he was called upon to do. I do not under-
stand that he shrinks from any investigation
into his conduct; and it would certainly be
much more manly, much more direct, much
more to the purpose, much more consistent
with Use proper mode of administering justice,
to institute an investigation, if there be any
one who doubts his efficiency, who doubts his
integrity, who doubts his disposition to con-
duct the affairs of his office in such a manner
as would be for the best interests of the Gov-
ernment. And I am authorized to say that he
is not the man to shrink from a full investiga-
tion of all the matters on which charges have
Been brought against him heretofore by innu-
endoes, his accusers not having the manliness
to make an open assault. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WARD. I renew it. As I understand
the facts in this case, the gentleman from Illi-
nois submits a letter which shows that this con-
tract was let illegally and improperly. The
party who writes the letter refers to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson]
who represents the district where this building
is constructed. The gentleman from Minne-
sotaindorses the respectability and the truthful-
ness of the writer of the letter, and saj;s that
he has no doubt but the facts stated in the
communication are true. Now, Mr. Chairman,
if this be so, I am in favor of this amendment,
because, sir, I do not believe that a contractor
who is in collusion with a dishonest Govern-
ment officer, which this letter endeavors to
make out this supervising architect tobe, should
have a single dollar appropriated to him until
this matter is investigated by a competent com-
mittee and it is shown that the contractor's
hands are clean as well as those of the super-
vising architect.
Mr. FAltNS WORTH. Mr. Chairman, com-
ments have been made on my producing this
letter and moving an amendment for the pur-
pose of bringing the matter before the House;
and I am charged with having made an insidi-
ous attack on the architect. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] wants to
know why these continued personal attacks are
made. Mr. Chairman, there is no personal
attack here at all. The supervising architect
is the man who spends these millions of dollars
every year. He is the man who spends not only
this $16,000, but millions of your money. He
is the man who has carle blanche to expend as
much as he pleases. He is the man who erects
publicbuildingswithouthavingany plan before-
hand, and without advertising for bids. He
makes his contracts privately; and your book
of estimates is full of the estimates, not of the
Secretary of the Treasury, but of Mr. Mullet.
I expected that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] would spring to the
floor; and i ought perhaps to have asked him
whether he appeared here as the attorney of
Mr. Mullet, as I understand the gentleman
does sometimes appear on the floor of the
House as attorney for officials who are accused.
Or there may be another reason why the gen-
tleman is so very quick. He talks about his
purpose to say something about the appropri-
ation for the expenses of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, in making an
investigation into the expenditures on certain
public buildings. I would remind the gentle-
man that there is an item preceding that, with
reference to the Boston building, on which I
will have a word to say to him. My friend's
corns will probably be touched by that.
I am not to be arraigned on this floor when
I have done nothing except simply to discharge
my duty. Because a gentleman in Minnesota,
seeing that in a debate in this House some-
thing had been said by me in regard to im-
proper expenditures of public money in the
erection of public buildings, writes a letter to
me and refers to all the delegation from his
State to avouch his respectability, I am not
to be arraigned for presenting that letter to the
House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why did
not the man write to the Representative of his
district?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose he wrote
to me because he had seen, from the debates
in the House, that I had taken some action as
to the improper expenditure of money on pub-
lic buildings. He had seen, perhaps, what
I had stated as to the improper expenditure
of an appropriation for the marine hospital
at Chicago, that Congress had appropriated
$110,000 and had declared that not another
dollar would be expended on the building,
and yet that this same Mr. Mullet has expended
$135,000 on that building, and now asks in this
book of estimates for $100,000 more, not to
complete the building, but only to continue the
work for another year. Am 1 to be arraigned
here because in the discharge of my duty I
make a statement of this manner of expend-
ing the public money ? If so, gentlemen will
get enough of it before we get through with
this bill.
Mr._ DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 134G) making appropriations to supply
deficiences in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, and
bad come to no resolution thereon.
leave of aesimcjs.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Woodward for eight days, to
Mr. Davis for two weeks, and to Mr. Jokes
of Kentucky, for two weeks.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not. I hope we shall
finish the bill this evening. I call for tellers
on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Eldkidge were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 57, noes 48.
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays,
and asked for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the motion of Mr. Eldridge was agreed
to; and accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of Charles
Jennings and 193 others, citizens of the town
and county of Fairfield, Connecticut, praying
Congress for an appropriation of $20,000 to
repair the breakwater that protects the harbor
at Southport, Connecticut.
By Mr. CHAVES: The petition of H. V.
Els, Martin Marsh, Isaac J. Stevens, Joseph
Johnson, and 145 others, citizens of Ute Creek,
county of Colfax, Territory of New Mexico,
praying Congress to aid the Kansas Pacific
railroad for the development of the mineral
resources of that Territory.
By Mr. FERRY: A petition of business
men of Buffalo, Detroit, and Bay City, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at Sheboygan, Michigan.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: The petition of Anna
lay lor, former widow of Joseph McMariass,
deceased, a lieutenant in the Tennessee militia,
war of 1812, who died in tlie scrvicej praying
for a pension.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of Robert
Hartshorne and 39 others, of Middletown. town-
ship ; also of Benjamin B. Hanccand 70 others,
of Shrewsbury township ; also fourteen peti-
tions, signed by John A. Morford and 571 others,
of Ocean township, county of Monmouth, State
of New Jersey, praying Congress to take no
action to prevent the Southern New Jersey
Railroad Company from extending their road
to the _ Horse Shoe on Sandy Hook, the said
extension being of importance to the interests
of all northwestern New Jersey and a protec-
tion to Government property.
Also, five petitions, signed by Taber Cook
and 31 others, Nicholas Wilson and 47 others,
John R. Howard and 36 others, A. C. Watrous
and others, and Thomas Leonard and others,
citizens of the county of Monmouth, in the
State of New Jersey, praying that Congress will
interpose and prevent the Southern New Jer-
sey Railroad Company from aggressions upon
the public domain on Sandy Hook.
By Mr. HEFLIN: A petition from a large
number of citizens of Elmore county, Alabama,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition from a large number of cit-
izens of Ciay and Tallapoosa counties, Ala-
bama, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition from a large number of cit-
izens of Randolph county, Alabama, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from a large number of cit-
izens of Coweta county, Georgia, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
By. Mr. KELLEY: A petition of the pilots
of the port of Philadelphia and others, citizens
of Philadelphia, protesting against the passage
of a bill prohibiting the collection of half
pilotage.
By Mr. LAFLIN : A petition of citizens of
the town of Ellisburg, Jefferson county, New
York, praying the passage of a law granting
$100 bounty to soldiers that were disabled in
the United States service, when said soldiers
were discharged in consequence of such dis-
ability any time within two years after the date
of their enlistment, provided the said soldiers
have never received a town, county, or State
bounty.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Mary J.
Griffey, widow of W. F. Griffey, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the petition of James E. Kerr, of
Rowan county, North Carolina, for removal
of disabilities.
Also, the petitions of George Riley, J. C.
Skeen, Allen Newsam, and John A. Heitman,
of Davidson county, North Carolina, for re-
moval of disabilities.
Also, the petition of John Bannan, of Surry
county. North Carolina, for removal of dis-
abilities.
Also, the petition of James Inscore, for the
privilege of distilling whisky.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Stanly
county, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of John E.
Hobbs and others, citizens of North Berwick,
Maine, asking that a pension be granted to
Josiah Parker, a soldier of the war of 1812.
By Mr. MORGAN : The petition of G. W.
Jackson, a soldier of the war of 1812, for pen-
sion.
Also, a petition of numerous citizens of
Souora, Muskingum county, Ohio, asking Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a similar petition from citizens of
Levering, Knox county, Ohio. _ ,
Also, a similar petition from citizens ot
Hopewell, Muskingum county, Ohio.
