1870.
TH1 CONGBESSIOKAL GLOfcft
2889
to send twenty or thirty thousand men. Every
single man that goes there will become a perma-
nent occupant of the Boil; not one will ever
come back. They will all rest there when they
get there. I hope and trust, in the interest ot
humanity, that they will not undertake to send
any force there less than one hundred thousand
regular British soldiery. Then they might have
some hope of makinga stand in that vast region j
that is to say, if the people of the United States
should not protest; and if they did one hundred
thousand would be no better than one hundred.
Mr. President, what is the condition of the
United States with regard to all other nations?
I was conversing one afternoon with some
Prussian officers, and among other things they
said to me: "How large is your Army?"
"Well," I said, "forty thousand men." They
inquired, " How many reserve ?" I answered,
"A million." "Ah," said one of the officers,
who spoke English very well, "I mean how
many officers." "We have officers for two
million." "No; but I mean experienced offi-
cers." "Yes, I mean experienced officers;
every one has been in battle." "Ah! but,"
said he, "your troops are militia." I replied,
"Certainly, they are militia; but they have all
seen four years' service in actual war." " Ah,
but militia cannot fight regular troops." j
"Why not?" I inquired. "Oh, they cannot
fight them at all," said he; "it is no use;
militia cannot fight regular troops." Said I,
"Sir, you were in the battle of Sadowa."
"Yes." "How many men did you lose in
that battle?" " Eleven thousand." "But,"
said I, "that was the skirmish before the bat-
tle; how many did you lose in the battle?"
He said, " We did not fight but one day; the
Austrians ran." "Well," said I, " my dear
sir, I have bot any doubt that your men would
fight if they had any experience. In the battle
of Sadowa you lost exactly the same number
of men that General Grant did in the first day's
battle of the Wilderness; on the second day,
after sleeping on our arms, we lost fifteen thou-
sand men; on the third day we lost about ten
or twelve thousand men, and on the fourth we
liad a fight. It is the fourth day that tests the
capacity of your troops for fighting." I could '
not make him understand that our troops had ;
fought four days in that desperate manner, nor
could I make him understand the difference
between a Prussian regular and an American ,
volunteer.
But, sir, I say to you here that the United
States to-day have more men that have actually
been in battle under fire than all the rest of i
the world put together, more experienced sol- I
diers and more experienced officers. We are
to-day the strongest military Power on earth.
Let us open negotiations with Winnipeg with
a view to its annexation either as a Territory
or a State, as the resolution which I offer sug-
gests ; and my word for it, you will have no j
fighting. There is no desire on the part of ;
any nation on the earth to fight with us on the '
land. Not a soldier will be sent. The British
are taking away their troops, and have taken
them nearly all away now. They have stopped ,
fortifying the Dominion. They admit that they
could not hold it thirty days after war was pro-
claimed. Then, sir, when we once take pos- :
session of this continent we shall hold it, hold
it for the people, hold it for the occupants, i
hold it against the world.
Mr. President, the time has about arrived for \
us to proclaim to the world just what we mean, i
We have, as I before said, decreed that this
continent of North America belongs to the
people inhabiting it, and we have proclaimed
10 all the world, "Come in and take posses-
sion of this land, and all we charge you is the
expense of setting up your metes and bounds."
Mr. President, this continent is ours, and we
may as well notify the world now as at any
future time that we will fight for our own if we
must. We desire a peaceable solution of this
and all other questions. We have been for-
bearing toward Great Britain; we have been
forbearing toward all the world; but the time
has now arrived to assert the Monroe doctrine.
I am glad that my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, concurs with
me on this point. Thetime has arrived ornearly
arrived when we shall say to all the world,
"Hands off from this continent; it is ours,
and we intend to possess our own."
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations whether any action is likely to be
taken shortly on the resolution I introduced
in the Senate, and had referred to that com-
mittee about two or three months ago, with
regard to this region of British America.
Mr. SUMNER. The committee haVe no
facts before them of an authentic character on
which they can act. The resolution of the
Senator is still pending. Of course the com-
mittee await the development of events and
the communication of such information as they
can hive officially. They have nothing now,
as the Senator Is aware, except what every-
body has in the newspapers.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have understood there
are communications in the State Department
showing a state of things that I thought the
committee would agree with me required the
interference of our Government, or some atten-
tion at least.
Mr. SUMNER. Attention, certainly; but
what action there can be I am not now in a
condition to explain.
Mr. RAMSEY. Undoubtedly, sir, although
this matter may be treated by some now as a
very light and trivial affair, it will get to be a
very serious question which we cannot excuse
ourselves for not acting upon. The British
authorities, as the Senator from Michigan has
said, are now organizing a vast military expe-
dition to take possession of that territory and
subdue those people; and in addition to the
organized militia of the Dominion, and the
regular troops they are sending there, they are
calling in the Indians from the west coast of
Lake Superior up to Red river; and I see it
stated that some eight hundred of the Six
Nations have been called out.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota to say that the
Canadian Government are enlisting Indians for
the purpose of calling them into their military
service V
Mr. RAMSEY. No doubt of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Has the Senator authentic
information on that subject?
Mr. RAMSEY. Information of which there
can be no doubt. They probably would not
officially communicate the fact to any one, but
no doubt it is a fact. The newspapers are full
of it. Now, if these people are to get up into
the Red river country by any water communis
cation, this is the season of the yea#, and they
must pass through the Sault Ste. Marie canal,
a work of our own; and certainly we cannot
sit idly by and allow that. An Indian war on
the frontier of the British dominions will in-
volve the Indians on our frontier. I find in a
letter of an Ottawa newspaper correspondent
this statement:
"The avenging expedition will, it is currently
rumored, consist of three hundred regulars and seven
hundred Canadian volunteers, with a steel battery;
I am, however, informed on very good authority,
that it has been deemed advisable to make the expe-
dition two thousand strong. The four companies of
the sixtieth rifles, now at Ottawa, and some of the
sixty-ninth and rifle brigade, will be sent with a
steel battery. The troops sont out from England will
replace those sent hence to Assiniboin. The volun-
teers will probably number fourteen hundred, and
will be picked men from the rural battalions. The
various Indian tribes in Canada have volunteered
their services. The Six Nations alone offered to put
eight hundred braves into the field. The scouts,
batteau-men, &c., will be selected from the Indians
and half-breeds in the vicinity of Fort William. The
whole force will be under the command of Colonel
Wolseley, late quartermaster general for Canada.
Though ayoung man (only thirty-seven) he has seen
hard service in India, the Kaffir wars, and the Cri-
mea. He has been wounded seven times, and carries
as many medals."
Mr. SUMNER. HastheSenator anyinform-
ation leading him to suppose that the Brit-
ish Government will ask the use of our canal
for tho transportation of troops to Winnipeg?
Mr. RAMSEY. They propose to run their
t>oats through unobserved some early day of
the season, I should like to have a letter
which I have just received on this subject read
at the desk.
The Secretary read as follows:
Buffalo, April 18,1870.
, Sir: If our Government would issue an order,
and enforce it, that no British or Canadian armed
ship or transport for carrying men or military stores
or arms should pass up tho St. Marie canal, and see
that no American vessel was chartered to those Gov-
ernments for such purposes, of transporting military
Stores or troops, it Would follow there could be no lied
river expedition this year, and if not this year prob-
ably never, ] •
Our canal was built for onr own military uses, and
for peaccFul purposes. Surely tho British Oovern-
inent have no claim to its use fbr military purposes.
This is plain common senso. There is not a Cana-
dian vessel, it is said, on Lake Superior; so if they
could not chatter American ones they could send
no men or stores to Fort William till they could build
vessels or haul them around the eanal. Nothing
could be done this year. Wo have a war vessel which
could poliee Lake Superior and keep our people
(juiet. Many have looked anxiously for a movement
in the direction indicated above. The Sault will bo
open within two weeks. Vessels will be hurried up
by the Dominion, it is said. So if anything is done
a special agent (military) ought to be sent to tho
Sault at once. The defeat of this Dominion expedi-
tion will save us in all probability an Indian war
on the Northwest, and give us the Red river country
in the end. ****** * *
Hon. Mr. Ramsey.
Mr. RAMSEY. In addition to this, I under-
stand that the Canadian government are send-
ing a large body of men, soldiers or enlisted
men in civil attire, on to the frontier through
the State of Minnesota, with a view of cutting
off the retreat of Riel and his party in case
they should be forced to fly to American soil.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
chairman of the Post Office Committee inform
us whether he cannot introduce a bill for car-
rying the mails and extending our commerce
to Winnipeg? [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. That will be the next step
if the Committee on Foreign Relations do not
take some action on the subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I wish simply to say that
the Sault Ste. Marie canal, through which it is
contemplated these troops may pass, belongs
to the State of Michigan, and is under the con-
trol of the Legislature of that State, who have
appoihted a superintendent to take charge of
it, keep it in repair, collect tolls, &c. I am
quite sure that the constituted authorities of
that State will never consciously, wittingly,
knowingly suffer any British troops to pass
through that canal with a view to attack Win-
nipeg, or carry on any other military operation.
The counter need not expect any assent to be
given on4ue part of that State to such an expe-
dition ; and 1 may go further and say, without
any impropriety perhaps, that I have it from a
very high source that no permission will be
given by the executive Government of the Uni-
ted States to the British authorities to move
troops through any portion of the United States
with a view to suppress what is called the insur-
rection at the Red river. I hope that no such
license will be granted by our own country to
the British authorities. We have too freshly
in our recollection the aggressive policy of
Great Britain toward us during the war which
has recently occurred in our own country. At.
all events, Great Britain has no right to ask
any such privilege at our hands ; aud I trust,
and indeed I predict, that she will never receive
any such license from our Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will they not pass through
without asking permission, unless our authori-
ties are cau-tioned on the subject?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly the rules
might be evaded by persons going forward to-
ward the Red river country in citizens' dress,
without arras and without uniforms ; but I take
it if the authorities of Michigan are wise and
vigilant, and that is their character, they will
soon discover any such evasion of the law : and
