1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4777
five-feet cars upon; but it is as much as the
southern railroads are able to do to have two
rails, without adding a third one to accommo-
date them to this gauge, which is alleged to be
a national gauge. This question of gauge has
no "national" significance.
The object that the South has in getting this
railroad is to get railroad connections between
the Gulf States, the Carolinas and Virginia
and Tennessee and Arkansas, with the Pacific.
In order to have that connection with the
Pacific their roads must connect on the'same
gauge. I ask Senators to reverse the question.
1 ask them what would be said if we demanded
that the Union Pacific railroad should be made
on a five feet gauge, or the Northern Pacific
on a five feet gauge, so that wg might make
our connections iu that way?
This railroad iu its eastern terminus comes
into the southern States, into States all whose
railroad system is of one gauge; and you tell
us now that we must adapt the gauge to con-
nect, not with the twelve thousand miles of road
that we have, but with your roads, with the
roads of the North which have another gauge,
in order to do, what? To carry all the com-
merce which shall come over this road up in a
northeasterly direction, toward the great cities
of the North.
It is the shortest line from the Pacific ocean
to the Atlantic to go to Charleston and Savan-
nah and Norfolk; it is the longest line to go to
New York. But make a provision that we shall
break bulk at Marshall, Texas, or any point
on the Mississippi river, and there is no ques-
tion that it will divert northward the great
body of the trade and traffic which would nat-
urally come to the South.
I say, with all respect, that the value of these
branches and the value of this railroad to the
southern section of the country is very seri-
ously damaged by making a provision that it
shall be of the same gauge as the northern
railroads. It will take some years, at any rate,
for the southern railroads to adapt their x-a.il-
road system to the four feet eight and a half
inch gauge. It is not merely the laying of
another rail; it is not merely changing the
position of a rail on the track ; but it is the
destruction of every locomotive owned by the
southern railroads, the destruction and rebuild-
ing of the wheels and axles of every single car.
It is a matter of very much more importance
than Senators seem inclined to attach to it,
and I ask Senators who represent the great
northern States, where there are rich railroad
corporations having the control of the Union
Pacific, and to have control of the Northern
Pacific, that they should give us one railroad
which is not absolutely cut off, absolutely pro-
hibited from making connections with the
States lately in insurrection.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry to hear
a speech of the kind just made by the Senator
from South Carolina. It would have been an
admirable buncombe speech before the rebel-
lion, perfectly local, and suitable to the South,
but the Senator does not understand the sub-
ject of railroads. I see his zeal has got ahead
of his knowledge on this subject. There is one
fact I think he will admit, if he will reflect a
moment, that the majority of all the stock in
the southern railroads belongs to northern men.
I shall not consent to vote on this bill until
this question is understood. One of the argu-
ments in favor ofa different gauge before the war
was, in the minds of the South, that the North
could not meet them. General Grant in making
his descent upon Virginia found that he could
not take his provisions and supply his army
because of the difference of gauge; but I did
not intend to go into that. I only want to say
to the Senator from South Carolina that that
question ought to be left to the stockholders
and directors of the company. They are the
persons to decide it.
He talks about their being injured by the
trade going to New York. Why, sir, New
York is the great commercial as well as finan-
cial head of this country. Everything goes
there. It is the interest of the South to go to
New York, because it is a great producing
region of country. Its great product, cotton, is
valueless until it gets beyond their own bounds.
Mr. RICE. It is getting rather late, and if
we can get unanimous consent to take a vote
to-morrow at one o'clock I will make a motion
to adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it is very
plain that this question is one which will give
rise, and ough; to give rise, to very serious
debate. If the people of the southern States
who expect to use this road for a connection
with their sister States upon the Pacific coast
are to use it advantageously they must insist
upon the gauge of their railroad system hav-
ing some respect and being considered in the
guage for this company's road. As this ques-
tion, therefore, is one that involves nearly the
whole practical use of the railroad which has
been suggested, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn, for the purpose of considering it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Air. KELLOGG. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. Is the motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It' is not
debatable.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to offer three or
four names, which I hold in my hand, at the
instance of several Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is only to insert two or
three names.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 should like to know the
object.
Mr. KELLOGG. To add three or four
names to the list of corporators.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection.
Mr. WARNER. 1 want to add some names,
too.
Mr. NYE. No; there must be some system.
Mr. KELLOGG. The chairman has looked
at those I propose, and revised them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The names
proposed by the Senator from Louisiana will
be inserted, no objection being made.
Mr. BAYARD. I renew my motion for an
adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 24, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctlcb.
J The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
J * leave of absescu.
j The SPEAKER stated that he had received
! a telegram from Mr. Lynch asking, on account
' of sickness in his family, indefinite leave of
absence.
By unanimous consent. Mr. Lyxoii • was
granted indefinite leave of absence.
licensing yachts.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back
a bill (S. No. 287) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorise the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to license yachts," with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The first section provides that the first sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to license yachts,
and for other purposes," approved August 7,
1818, is hereby amended by inserting in the
first clause thereof, after the words "port to
port of the United States," the words "and
by sea to foreign ports."
The second section provides that yachts
belonging to a regularly organized yacht club
of any foreign nation which shall extend like
privilege to the yachts of the United States
shall have the privilege of entering or leaving
any port of the United States without entering
or clearing at the custom-house thereof, or
paying tonnage tax.
The third section provides that for the iden-
tification of yachts and their owners a commis-
sion to sail for pleasure in any designated
yacht belonging to any regularly organized and
incorporated yacht club, stating tho exemptions
and privileges enjoyed under it, may be issued
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and shall bo
a token of credit to any United States official,
and to the authorities of any foreign Power, for
privileges enjoyed under it.
The fourth section provides that every yachl
visiting a foreign country under the provisions
of this act shall, on its return to the United
Stales, make due entry at the custom-house of
the port atwhich, on such return, it shall arrive.
Mr. POTTER. This bill is approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Navy •
Department.
Tho bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I demand the regular order of
business.
GEORGIA.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of a bill (H.
R. No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, returned from the Senate with sundry
amendments, on which the gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
whatever time 1 have left to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much time havel?
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman has half
an hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read
the substitute moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The Clerk read as follows :
Section 1. And be it farther enacted. That the State
oi Georgia having compiled with the reconstruction
acts, and the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments
to th o Constitution of the United States having been
ratified in good faith by a legal Legislature of said
State, it is hereby declared that the State of<3 eorgia
is entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. Speaker, I support that substitute. It
is stripped of all conditions and involves only
this question, is it important that any law for
the admission of Georgia should be enacted
now or at any time ? According to the Dem-
ocratic theory of treating the seceded States, it
is not; but according to the Republican theory,
it is indispensable. The Democrats have
always held that these Slates have all the time
been entitled to representation; that their Fed-
eral relations were never severed, and that all
congressional legislation upon that subject was
unconstitutional and void. The Republicans,
on the contrary, have held that all legitimate
State government was destroyed by the rebel-
lion, and that the relation of these people to
the Federal Government was similar to that
held by the inhabitants of an unorganized ter-
ritory. To convert such a territory into a State
required three successive stops in legislation:
First, an organizing act creating a territorial
government.
Second, an enabling act authorizing the peo-
ple to frame a constitution and elect officers
preparatory to admission.
Third, an act approving the constitution as
republican in form, and admitting Senators and
Representatives m Congress.
Under different names wo have applied this
theory and its three legislative acts to the con-
federate States. We have changed a few words,
