1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
sented by the Senator from Massachusetts,
asking the aid of Congress to the Wilberforce
University, situated near the city of Xenia,
Ohio. I know from my personal knowledge
that this is an institution of great value, and
has done much to elevate the colored people,
and I hope that, if possible, the prayer of the
petitioners may be granted. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
the Marble Manufacturers' Association of Mich-
igan, praying that Italian marble be placed on
the free list; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Isaac W. Ingersoll and Joseph Granger, con-
tractors for building a marine hospital at the
city of Detroit, Michigan, praying compensa-
tion for extra cost and losses sustained in con-
sequence of the change in the location of the
hospital; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition of
citizens of South Carolina, praying an appro-
priation of $50,000 to the Wilberforce Univer-
sity of Ohio, for the education of the freed-
men of the South; which was referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented tbe petition of
owners and masters of vessels and material-
men of Chicago, Illinois, praying the speedy
passage of the bill (S. No. 651) for the relief of
ship-builders and material-men, and to provide
a speedy remedy for the collection of claims
against domestic ships and vessels; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of J.
George Harris, of Nashville, Tennessee, repre-
senting that during the late rebellion, while he
was absent from home as an officer in the naval
service of the United States, the military forces
of theU ni ted States cut down and used for public
purposes large quantities of timber and other
trees on his place near Nashville, and also took
his fences for lumber and fuel, and occupied a
portion of his place for an extensive cavalry
depot, for which adequate payment is retused
by the military authorities, and therefore he
prays for relief in the premises.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the papers ofPhebellascall, widow
of Sidney Smith, be withdrawn from the files ot the
Senate, ior the purpose of having them referred to
the House Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present an order for
the withdrawal of some papers in the case of
J. H. Merrill for compensation for services
rendered in the Army during the rebellion and
in San Francisco in 1849. I will state in pre-
senting this order that it was handed to me
with the request to present it. The Committee
on Claims have had the matter under consid-
eration and asked to be discharged. Whether
it is the practice of the Senate, and whether if
it be the practice it ought to obtain, to allow
papers to be withdrawn after the committee
has reported them back and asked to be dis-
charged, which is virtually 1 think an adverse
report, is a question which is to be considered
by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there is no rule prohibiting it, and
therefore a majority of the Senate can order it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there ought to
be a rule on that subject.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the order will not be
entered unless some reason is shown for it.
My recollection is that a part of that claim
has been reported adversely upon twice by the
Committee on Claims, andthereforej and unless
some reason is shown why the papers should
be withdrawn, they had better not be.
Mr. POMEROY. Parties may have addi-
tional evidence, and in that case they ought to
be allowed to present papers the second tune.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule pre-
vents the re-presentation of the papers with-
out additional testimony where there has been
an adverse report; but not the withdrawal of
the papers. It does not prohibit the with-
drawal ; that can be ordered by a majority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the usual
course be taken.
Mr. HOWE. I object to the withdrawal. I
think the papers had better remain on file,
unless some cause is shown for the with-
drawal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the matter lie. Per-
haps the party may have cause. The order
was handed to me with the request to have the
papers withdrawn, and it occurred to me as an
improper practice to withdraw papers where
there has been a report which is virtually
adverse.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
withdraw will lie over for the present.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of H. Lawson, collector of customs at Cris-
field, Maryland, praying for increased compen-
sation, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 403) to regulate
the appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 372) to regulate
the appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back various res-
olutions of State Legislatures and other bodies
in regard to an increase of the currency and
various propositions in regard to the currency.
This question has been disposed of so far as
the Senate is concerned; and I move that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration ofthese resolutions and propositions,
and that the papers He on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Mrs. Fannie Kelley, reported a bill
(S. No. 686) to compensate Mrs. Fannie Kelley
for important services; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition
of William II. Harman, reported a bill (S.
No. 665) for the relief of William H. Harman;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, of which I give notice to
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, the object of which is to regulate the
salaries of the heads of bureaus in the different
Departments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 80th of June, 1871, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of J. Melton
Best, reported a bill (S. No. 667) for the relief
of J. Melton Best; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the Mer-
cantile Insurance Company of New York, pray-
ing for the reissue of United States notes to
the extent of $8,000, in place of the amount
alleged to be lost, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the memorial
of James R. Verdier and others, citizens of
Beaufort, South Carolina, praying for the res-
toration of lands sold under the direct tax
law, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. J. B. Bross-
nan, prayingfor the refunding of certain taxes
paid to Provost Marshal F. J. P. Chilty, at
Camp Stoneman, in 1865, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 583) incorporating the Island
Institute of Washington, District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 597) to author-
ize the authorities of the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, to indorse the bonds
of the Southern Maryland Railroad Company,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution to print the report of the select Com-
mittee on the Causes of the Reduction of
American Commerce, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read for information.
The Secretary read the following concur-
rent resolution, passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives on the 10th instant:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That there bo
published fifteen thousand extra copies of tho report
of the sel ect Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage, withoutthe evidence, and
ten thousand with the evidence; ten thousand of the
former shall bo for the use of the House and five
thousand for the use of the Senate; and six thousand
of thelatterforthe use of the House, three thousand
for the usp of the Senate, and one thousand for tho
use of the Treasury Department.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am utterly opposed to
publishing ten thousand or ten copies of that
report. I have examined it with a great deal
of care, and I think if the House sends peri-
patetic committees all over the country to
gather up material to make such a report as
that the less of them published the better. I
obiect to it now and forever.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to the present consideration of the
resolution?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be placed on the Calendar, objection being
made to its consideration.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
668) to enable the Secretary of War to revise
the general regulations for the government of
the Army; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to move to
take up a bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. _ It
requires unanimous consent. The morning
business has priority.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
669) providing for the distribution of arms to
certain States ; which was read twice by us
title, referred to the Committee on Militaiy
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill fb.
No. 670) extending the provisions of An act
relatingto habeas corpus and reguiatingjuiiieial
proceedings in certain cases,' approved March
3, 1863, to certain other cases, and lor other
