3836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 26,
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it is only tbe
merest, simple justice in the world, that I
should say what I am going to say about this
gentleman. He was formerly an engineer in
the Navy on one of our monitors, where, as
they were originally constructed, the -officers
and men suffered greatly for want of ventila-
tion in the vessel. He applied his ingenuity
and skill to the rectification of this difficulty,
and succeeded perfectly, succeeded so per-
fectly that there was no inconvenience felt,
and the arrangement that ho made to accom-
plish that object was adopted in the Navy
on all the vessels of that construction. Af-
ter he left the Navy he received this ap-
pointment here, and he determined to apply
the same principle to this Chamber that he
had so successfully employed in the Navy;
and, instead of coming here and asking for an
appropriation of thousands of dollars to get the
necessary machinery to do it, he went to the
navy-yard, found an old engine there that had
been put out of doors for waste iron, went to
the Navy Department and asked the Secretary
of the Navy just to let him have that old cast-
off engine, and importuned him until ho got it;
and he brought it here, set it up in the base-
ment of this building, and then went to work
to rectify the difficulties about the building,
with the result which I think every Senator
must have experienced here this winter and
this spring. Certainly the Hall has never been
in such a condition since I have been in the
Senate, now more than three years, as it has
been this winter for favorable ventilation and
pure air. When a man possesses that kind of
ability and uses it in that kind of way for the
benefit of the Government, at so trifling an
expense, I think it is very cheap indeed to add
two or three hundred dollars to his annual
salary.
Mr. HOWARD. I am in favor of compen-
sating the chief engineer liberally and fairly
for his services and scientific skill. 1 should
regret exceedingly to fall short in the perform-
ance of so simple a duty. But when it is said
on this floor that the Senate Chamber is the
best-ventilated Chamber on the continent, or
perhaps in the world, without intending to
make a speech on the subject, I must takeissue
with the asserter. I think that it is one of the
worst-ventilated Chambers I was ever in, and
in point of ventilation one of the most un-
healthy; and I think that has been the judg-
ment of Senators wl(0 have been here for years
fast. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
'emit] inquires whether it is not better now.
I think there has been some improvement
made in the matter of the ventilation of this
Chamber. I am willing to acknowledge that,
because my own experience has convinced me
of it; but to go beyond that and to assert that
it is sufficiently aud properly ventilated, is say-
ing, as I think, a little more than the facts of
the case will bear.
It happened to me a few years ago to be on
. a committee appointed to investigate this ques-
tion. Thelate Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Buckalew, whom we all very well remember,
and whom wo all most highly respected, was
at the head of that committee ; and I remem-
ber at that time we ascertained the mode in
which this Chamber was ventilated. Without
going into particulars, it was something like
this: certain machinery was prepared in the
basementof the Senate Chamber, and by means
of this machiuery the air was drawn in through
the windows or openings in the basement on
tho south side of the Senate wing, between that
south side and the north side of the old Capi-
tol ; that air was taken from the pavement
where during the hottest part of the day it was
as hot almost as a furnace, and that air was
drawn in and pumped up, so to speak, aud
thrown into this Senate Chamber, and we were
compelled to breathe it here during the whole
of the dog-days; and we all remember, at least
I do 
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. May I inquire
what the question is?
Mr. HOWARD. I will endeavor to state
to the honorable Senator from Maine the ques-
tion, so far as I understand it. The question
is whether we shall grant to the chief engineer
$1,800 or $2,160 for his services—the engi-
neer who has charge of the ventilation of this
Chamber.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator's
remarks seem to be a little foreign to that
question.
Mr. HOWARD. It may be owing to my
fault, but if I should be left to judge of it I
should impute it rather to the honorable Sen-
ator 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
suggest that if this officer is meritorious he
does not need three arguments, after what was
said in the Senate the other day, to raise his
salary.
M r. HO W ARD. I wish to ascertain in what
way this ventilation has been improved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sena-
tor wish to have that done on this bill ?
Mr. HOWARD. I should like, to have the
honorable Senator from Vermont, who has dis-
coursed to us very learnedly on the subject 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have been
pretty patieut under all sorts of inflictions,
but 1 should hope to be spared from the
infliction of ascertaining the ventilation of
this Hall on this bill.
Mr. HO WARD. That, 1 submit to the hon-
orable Senator, has something to do with the
question of increasing the salary of the engi-
neer, whether he is deserving of it or whether
he is not. I take it that is a question which
the honorable Senator from Maine can com-
prehend as well as the rest of us. But I will
not spend further time of the Senate. I do
not see any occasion for an increase of the
compensation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My only object
in rising was to get a vote on this question.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the object of my
sitting, and I resume that posture. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then we are
agreed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, as amended.
The amendment, as amended was, adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved amend-
ment is on page 5, line ninety-seven, under
the head of "Capitol police," to strike out
"twenty" and insert "thirty;" so as to read,
" thirty privates."
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to state to my col-
league what 1" find to be the facts on an exam-
ination of this case. The House of Repre-
sentatives fixed the number at twenty, and the
Senate increased it to thirty upon the ground,
that there was a law fixing the number at
thirty, and that, therefore, it was appropriate
that the appropriation should be made com-
mensurate with that number. Now, I want to
say to my colleague that there is no such law.
I have looked it over carefully, and I find this
to be the fact: during the war the number of
this police was increased—increased, I pre-
sume, from the exigencies of the war—and
their compensation was also increased; that
increase was made in an appropriation bill,
and there is no law for it other than the appro-
priation. It is precisely like the case before
us. Now, the House of Representatives have
diminished the. number to twenty, and have
diminished, also, the compensation; and it is
simply a question whether the Senate will
increase the number above what the House
has fixed. I only desire to repeat what I said j
the other day, that any number above twenty
is entirely useless.
Mr. CASSERLY. -It was on my motion
that this amendment was reserved, and I am
very glad indeed that the Senator from Maine
who has just spoken has given us the benefit
of his judgment and experience. Without
knowing anything about what,he has stated as
to the law, it seemed to me that there could
be no necessity for a day watch of twenty men
and a night watch of eight men—which makes
nearly half a company of soldiers—to take
care of this building. I move, therefore, that
the Senate do not concur in the amendment
made by the Committee of the Whole, as be-
tween "twenty " and " thirty " in lines ninety-
eight and ninety-nine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. It is obvious to every one that
there have to be relays of watchmen about this
immense building. I suppose the whole num-
ber may probably be divided into three watc.hes,
certainly into two.
Mr. POMEROY. Three.
Mr. COLE. That leaves only ten on duty
at a time, and I cannot conceive that to be too
large a number to take charge of this immense
building. They are not very numerous about
here; 1 do not see that they are in the way of
anybody; and I cannot conceive any very good
reason why their number should be reduced
below what it has been heretofore.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are neces-
sarily divided into three watches of eight hours
each, a larger number of hours, I believe, than
most of the employes about the Capitol are
engaged.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that tbe
number is not too large to take such care of
this building as ought to be taken of it. It is
a very large building. A great number of vis-
itors come here; a great many loafers and vag-
abonds, who are inclined to do mischief. Per-
sons come here who are inclined to take away
little fragments for the purpose of preserving
them; and the danger of defacement and injury
to the building is a constant one, and there
ought to be a policeman present in every apart-
ment all the time, especially in the day-time,
to prevent the injury and defacement of the
house and take proper care of it. It seems to
me the number is not too large, and that re-
ducing the number would be an economy that
would not be a wise economy.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed it had struck
every Senator as it struck me, going about this
building in the day-time, that there seemed to
be always a superabundance of persons en-
gaged, either standing, walking, or sitting, who
are members of this police. I do not think
there is a city in the United States which
employs so large a number of police in pro-
portion in the care of its public buildings. I
imagine that this number must be nearly twice
as great asitis in any city of the United States.
Besides, this amendment increases, as the Sen-
ate will perceive, the appropriation at the rate
of $10,800.^ It adds $10,800 to the total appro-
priation as it came from the House. It may be
true that this number is to be divided into three
watches. The provision is for thirty policemen
and eight watchmen—thirty- eight. I do not pre-
cisely see how that number can be divided into
three equal watches. There are thirty police-
men for the day, besides a captain, and I think
my colleague increased tho number of lieuten-
ants ro two, the number in the bill originally
being one. At all events, there are a captain,
two lieutenants, thirty privates, and eight watch-
pen—forty-one men to take care of this build-
ing. The Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Abbott] says "and the yards." The yards are
notvery extensive. They seem to be quite equal
to taking care of themselves. I suppose the
yards to which the Senatorrefers are the sunken
areas about the building. I think they do not
require a very great exercise of vigilance to
