1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
purposes; which was read twice hy its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 671) to promote commerce and to cheapen
the transportation of the mails and military and
naval stores between Cincinnati and Chatta-
nooga ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
672) for the relief of the trustees of the Theo-
logical Seminary and High School of Virginia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. it. No. 156) declaratory of the
meaning of the word " saltpeter" as used in
section seven of the act of March 0, 18G3;
■which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee ou Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
bounties to volunteers.
Mr. FENTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Whereas cortain of tho votoran volunteers who
served during tho late rebellion have been defrauded
and deprived of tho fifty dollars and$100 bounty al-
lowed them by tho act of Congress approved July
23,1868; and whereas thoy claim that they have been
defrauded and doprived of their bounty not through
any ncglect on their part, but through tho lachos of
tho duly authorized agent of the United States, and
they havo brought suit in tho Court of Claims against
tho United States for their several bounties; and
ivhoreas tho payment of li\ o or ten dollars counsel
fee in such case, together with six to eight dollars
in each case for taking testimony, obtaining requi-
sitions upon the Departments, A'o., is a grievous de-
duction from thoir bounty of fifty or one hundred
dollars, particularly if tho fault lies, as thoy allege,
not at all on their own part, but rather upon that of
the agent of tho Government; Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Judiciary Committee be
instructed to inquire and report to thcSenato whether
or not., if tho Court of Claims shall give judgment
against the United States upon the petition of said
volunteers, it will be expedient as well as just to
authorize and direct tho Secretary of the Treasury
to pay each of said volunteers obtaining judgment,
as aforesaid, tho sum of twenty dollars, to reimburse
them for the necessary costs of their several suits as
aforesaid; such sums to bo paid out of any moneys
iu the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; and
furthermore, whether section fivo of tho act of Con-
gress approved March 8, 1803, entitled "An act to
amend an act to establish a court for tho investiga-
tion of claims against tho United States, approved
.February 21,185o," and section one of tho act of Con-
gross approvod March 17,18Gii, entitled "An act in
rotation to tho Court of Claims," should not bo sus-
pended so lar as t.heso casosa.ro concerned, thus giv-
ing to tho Court of Claims sole and final jurisdiction
concerning those eases.
Mr. FERRY. I object to the consideration
of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
MAI!, If ROM NEW ORLEANS TO CAIRO.
Mr. KELLOGG-submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Post Offioes and
Post Roads bo directed to inquire into tho expedi-
ency and noeessity of establishing a daily mail ser-
vice on tho Mississippi river, between New Orleans
and Cairo, and report by bill or otherwise.
a 111} INDIANS CITIZENS V
Mr. RICE. I offer the following resolution,
nnd ask for its immediate consideration :
Resolved, That tho Committee on tho Judiciary
be, and they are hereby, directed to inquire and re-
port to the Senate the offeet of the fifteenth amend-
ment to tho Constitution upon tho Indian tribes of
tho country, and whether by tho provisions thereof
tho Indians are not citizens of the United States,
and whether thereby the various treaties heretofore
existing between tho United States and various the
Indian tribes are or are not annulled.
Mr. THORMAN. I believe we have had no
proclamation yet announcing the adoption of
the fifteenlh amendment. That resolution
strikes me as premature. 1 object to its con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to its consideration. The resolu-
tion will be placed on the Calendar of resolu-
tions.
message fkom tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 192) to allow
the owners of homesteads to deduct the interest
paid on mortgages thereon from their income
returns.
joint indian committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 637) to relieve public charities from
taxation.
Mr. FERRY. I insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the new
rule the regular order is the consideration of
resolutions heretofore laid over.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut will consider the object of this
bill. I think after a word of explanation he
will not object to its consideration. It will
scarcely occupy more than a few minutes of
the Senate's time, and I am told that it is
important to have early action.
Mr. FERRY. I have endeavored for three
mornings to get a resolution before the Senate
which will require simply a vote of the Senate
without a word of debate. I cannot do it be-
cause Senators object to even its consideration.
I never can reach it unless I insist on the reg-
ular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut insists on the regular order,
and the Senate resumes the consideration of
the House concurrent resolution to constitute
a joint committee of the two Houses on the sub-
ject of the policy to be pursued in regard to
the Indian tribes. The question is on agreeing
to the resolution as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does that resolution
now stand?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
as amended.
The Secretary. The House concurrent
resolution as amended now reads :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (tho Senate
concurring,) That a joint spcoial committoe, to con-
sist of ten members, live from the Senate and five
from tho House, bo appointed, to whom shall bo re-
ferred tho propriety of a chango or modification of
the Indian policy, and such other subjects pertaining
to Indian affairs as may bo referred to it by either
branch of Congross; and said committee shall havo
power to oxamine witnesses, to send for persons and
papers, and to omploy a clerk at tho same compensa-
tion allowed a clerk of a standing committee of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand that the
amendment was agreed to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was agreed to
yesterday by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Iowa that, after the consideration
we had of the subject the other day, there ought
to be struck out ot this amendment these words:
"andsuch other subjects pertaining to Indian
affairs as maybe referred;" because that puts
this joint committee for this special purpose
on precisely the ground of the general Indian
Committee, to whom, by rule of the Senate,
only such subjects relating to Indian affairs
as may be referred are sent. I would suggest
to my friend to have those words stricken out,
and just leave it a joint committee to consider
the subject of a change in the Indian system,
to which I should have no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be wiser
to leave the matter open so that it may be in
the power of either House to send any other
subject to this committee. It contemplates
but one subject; but if either House should
desire to send another subject to this joint com-
mittee it would be wise, I think, to leave it
open for that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I inquire of the Chair
whether the resolution is now in a condition
or can be in a condition where it will be in
order for me to move to amend by striking out
the words I have indicated ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
understand it as having been reported to the
Senate from the Committee of the Whole, and
the question now is on agreeing to the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole,
and the Senator from Vermont can move to
amend it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move to strike
out the words " and such other subjects per-
taining to Indian affairs as may be referred to
it by either branch of Congress" and to insert
the words "the system of governing the In-
dian tribesso that it will read:
To whom shall be referred the subject of the
propriety of a change or modification of the Indian
policy and the system of governing the Indian
tribes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be wiser
to leave the matter open. The original reso-
lution comes to the Senate from the House of
Representatives. The members of the House,
as we learn from the reports in the Globe
from day to day, have ideas on the subject of
the management of Indian affairs, and of our
Indian policy generally, which are perhaps
somewhat different from those which control
the action of the Senate. That body may desire
to refer different subjects to this joint commit-
tee. I suppose the object of appointing a joint
committee is as far as practicable to bring the
two Houses face to face through the represent-
atives of the two branches on joint committee.
It is known to us through the reports of the
debates of the other House that they entertain
a wish to have this opportunity of conference,
this opportunity of comparing the views enter-
tained by the House with the views entertained
by members of the Senate. The amendment
already adopted strikes out all the detail which
was imperative, which made it obligatory on
both branches to refer all subjects pertaining
to Indian affairs to this joint committee, and
leaves it merely open, leaves it within the dis-
cretion of either branch to refer any specific
subject to this committee; and I think that
ought to be conceded.
Mr. DRAKE. I am opposed, as I have here-
tofore expressed myself, to any joint Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs between the two Houses.
I will vote against every proposition of that
kind, believing that any such joint committee
can result in no good to this Government or to
the Indians. But if there is to be a joint com-
mittee, then let it be that contemplated by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, that
it shall have just one subject to consider, and
that is the general policy of this Government
in reference to the Indian tribes. Possibly,
that being merely a question of policy, no par-
ticular harm would come from the organization
of such ajoint committee; but if you go beyond
that I am perfectly satisfied that no good will
come of it.
I have already received intimations from
various quarters that this proposition for a joint
committee is looked upon as a thing that is to
work into the hands of what is known as "the
Indian ring." I am very far from intimating
the slightest idea that the honorable Senator
from Iowa has any such thought about it; but
that the thing will have that practical effect.
Mr. President, I do hope that the Senate will
seriously consider before it agrees to establish
any such joint committee at all.
Mr.CORBETT. Mr. President, itwouldseem
to be very difficult for the Committee on Indian
Affairs to present any bill or any proposition
here that might not be interpreted as working
into " the Indian ring." I have been a mem-
ber of that committee during my service in the
Senate, and that committee have been charged
with recommending treaties which have been
extravagant, which have been detrimental, as
the other House say, to the interests of the
Government, though the committee supposed
