1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2893
pri&tion to carry oat the decree of our own
court. Should we have a commission to audit
claims of English and American claimants this
would not be brought before that commission.
because ir, is already liquidated by a decree of
our own courts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his objec-
tion ?
Mr. COLE. I do not yet.
Mr. SUMNER. Why cannot the Senator
let the vote be taken?
Mr. COLE. This of course indicates very
great magnanimity on the part of our Govern-
ment, that we should permit these cases to be
brought in our courts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from California objects debate will cease;
and the Secretary will read the title of the
next. bill.
Tim Secjsetahy. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 85) to carry into effect
the two several decrees of the district court of
the United States for the district of Louisiana
in the cases of the British vessels Volant and
Science.
Mr. COLE. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to. The Secretary will read the next
bill.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 88) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
in the ease of the English schooner Sibyl and
her cargo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is precisely like
the others.
Mr. COLE. I know it, and I object to these
several claims.
Mr. SUMNER. These bills are all to carry
out decrees of our own courts.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of that fact; but I
am not aware that the British Government has
shown any such magnanimity toward citizens
of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the next bill.
The Secbetaby. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 86) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the district of Louisiana in the case
of the British schooner Flying Scud and her
cargo.
Mr. COLE. I object. That is one of the
same character.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, and the title of the next bill on
the Calendar will be read.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 87) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the district of Louisiana in the case
of the British brig Dashing Wave and her cargo.
Mr. COLE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, and the next bill will be re-
ported.
The Secretary. The next business on the
Calendar is the joint resolution (S. R. No. 32)
prescribing the manner of proceeding by State
Legislatures npon amendments to the Consti-
tution proposed to them for ratification.
Mr. MORTON. Let that be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
MARGARET RIDDLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 81) for the benefit of Margaret Riddle,
widow and executrix of George Read Riddle,
deceased.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate to Margaret Riddle, widow
and executrix of George Read Riddle, de-
ceased, $2,000, in full satisfaction for supplies
for the Army of the United States taken frotn
George Read Riddle during the late rebellion.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to hear the report in
that case. 1 do not know on what facts this
claim is based.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report with the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill states the facts.
Mr. FERRY. The bill only says that he
furnished supplies.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the bill ought to
be explained. It may involve a very dangerous
principle to pass a bill here for property taken
by somebody without knowing under what cir-
Mr. POMEROY. It is for the relief of the
widow of the late Senator Riddle. I know all
about the case, and I think it ought to pass.
Mr. CAMERON. We all know about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was reported by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who I
see is just coming in. He can explain it, if
i explanation is needed.
; The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
' third reading, read the third time, and passed.
| BILLS OBJECTED TO.
! The next bill on the Calendar was stated to
! be the bill (S. No. 22) to establish and declare
I the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
; Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed westward from the
city of New Orleans, a post road, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HARRIS. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was stated to
be the bill (S. No. 74) to encourage and facil-
itate telegraphic communication with Europe.
Mr. FOWLER. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over. The Secretary will report the
next.
The Secretary. The next business on the
Calendar is the joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 38)
in relation to taking the ninth census,
i Mr. A-BBOTT. 1 move that that be indefi-
1 nitely postponed.
j Mr. POMEROY. I move that it lie on the
table.
| Mr. ABBOTT. It may just as well be
; stricken from the Calendar. The subject-mat-
ter has been disposed of. It was to allow the
Superintendent of the Census to modify the
schedules. It is too late now to do that.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw my motion.
The joint resolution was indefinitely post-
poned.
The next bill on the Calendar was stated to
be the bill (S. No. 110) to allow deputy col-
lectors and assessors of internal revenue, act-
ing as assessors, the pay of collectors and
assessors, which had been reported adversely
by the Committee onFinance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
business on the Calendar will be reported.
The Secretary. The next is the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 40) granting the right of
way to the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific
Railroad Company from El Paso to the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that that joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made to its consideration, the joint res-
olution will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 197) to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution and the laws of the
United States, and to restore the State of
Georgia to the republican government elected
under its new constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take that up and
discuss it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, it is a new question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 171)toencouragethebuildingol'steam-
ships in the United States, and to provide for
the transportation of the United States mails
to Europe by steamships built in the United
States.
Sir. HOWE. Let that, go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 20) to further define and amend an act
for the punishmentof crimes against the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over. The next business on the
Calendar will be stated.
The Secretary. The next is tlie joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 44) granting the right of way
for the construction of a railroad from a point
at or near Portland, Oregon, to some point
west of the Cascade mountains, in the Terri-
tory of Washington.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is unnecessary now
since the passage of the Northern Pacific rail-
road bill. 1 move that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 232) to refund to the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine interest paid by them on
advances to the United States, and to provide
for the defense of the northeastern frontier.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon; that bill
ought to be considered. There is a report on
it which I challenge gentlemen to answer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made, and the bill will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 216) to establish the office of solicitor
and naval judge advocate general.
Mr. TRDMBULL. I hope that will be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better b$
passed over.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to thq,t bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be indefinitely
postponed and got off the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, objection to it being made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who objects to indefi-
nitely postponing it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs is not in his seat; and prob-
ably he prefers that it should not be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let it go over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 124) granting lands to the State of
Minnesota to aid in constructing a railroad
from Lake Superior to Vermilion Lake, in said
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a land grant. I
think it had better go by.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, and the next will be reported.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar 
Mr. EDMUNDS. At the request of my
friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] who
thinks the Senate are unanimous for Senate
bill No. 121, about lands in the State of Min-
nesota, I withdraw the objection I made to its
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read again by its title.
