1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
they were doing a service to the Government.
The object of those treaties recommended by
the committee was to preserve the peace with
the Indians, to give them what was justly due
them, and to prevent the expenditure oflarge
sums of money for military operations, amount-
ing to millions and millions a year.
During the last Congress we ratified treaties
that were made by a commission appointed
by Congress and sent out to negotiate treaties
with the Indians. They made such treaties as
they thought were for the advantage of the
Government of the United States. It is true
they involved the expenditure of perhaps
several million dollars in addition to the
amounts covered by former treaties with In-
dian tribes. After Congress insisted that there
should be a commission appointed for that
purpose, after that commission of eminent offi-
cers of the Government of the United States,
General Sherman and others named by law,
went out and made the treaties and we ratified
them, the House refused to make the appro-
priations to carry eut those treaties and would
only consent to make an appropriation in bulk
that might be expended under a new commis-
sion.
Thus there is no settled manner in which we
carry out the Indian treaties and administer
our Indian system. It does seem to me that
the House of Representatives have been here-
tofore a little jealous of the Senate, feeling that
they had not any voice in this matter. The
Senate have ratified treaties without consulting
with them. From what I have seen I think
there is a necessity for consulting with the
House that they may be informed as to the
motives of the Committee on Indian Affairs of
the Senate in confirming treaties, that they
may know as much as we do about the whole
question. It has been thought that if we have
a joint committee here whenever a committee
of Indians visits Washington for the purpose
of placing before us any facts they may have
to present, we can call the joint committee
together and refer the matter to them, and they
can present their views to both Houses, and
both bodies can thus be informed of the best
manner of treating the matter and the best
policy for conducting Indian affairs.
It seems to me that this joint committee will
have a very salutary effect. After we have
ratified a treaty which involves the appropria-
tion of a sum of money in the House of Rep-
resentatives, the granting of that appropriation
is considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions and not by the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the House. It seems that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have taken entire
charge of that subject, and its action is not
supervised by the Indian Committee of the
House ; consequently the latter have no voice
in the matter. It is a very bad result when we
negotiate treaties and they go to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations of the House, and they
fail to make appropriations. If they fail to
make appropriations we cannot carry out those
treaties. If we fail to carry out the treaties
war is inevitable with the Indian tribes, and
the result is continued war upon the front-
iers. If we can have the treaties fairly car-
ried out, appropriations made promptly, sup-
plies furnished promptly, and can put the
Indians on reservations, as we have in many
instances, where they are doing well, we shall
have no trouble. But the Indians with whom
you do not carry out your treaty stipulations
leave the reservations and commence war.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from Oregon will give way I will state that I
will, under the advice of my neighbors around
mc in the Chamber, accept the amendment of
the Senator fromVermont, so far as itdepends
on me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall have no objec-
tion to the resolution in that shape.
Mr. CORBETT. I was in hopes the Sena-
tor would insist on rejecting that amendment.
There are many questions that can be referred
to this committee, but as I understand this
amendment it will simply apply to one subject.
Mr. HARLAN. It applies to the general
subject of the Indian policy and the govern-
ment of the Indian tribes. It is a very large
subject, and I would suggest to my honorable
friend from Oregon that it will be within the
province of the two Houses hereafter to en-
large the powers of the committee if it should
be found necessary.
Mr. CORBETT. If it is the opinion of
the chairman of the committee to accept the
amendment, I shall make no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I would either have no
committee or have one to consider whatever
may be sent to it. I would not say in advance
what it may consider. I would either have no
committee or one to consider every subject
Congress may refer to it. It is only a tem-
porary committee for this Congress. I would
not authorize it to employ a clerk, send for
persons ^nd papers, and go to all that expense
unless it can consider any subject that may be
sent to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to be informed
of the nature of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Vermont will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to strike
out the words "such other subjects pertaining
to Indian affairs as may be referred to it by
either branch of Congress," and to insert
"system of governing the Indian tribes."
Mr. HOWARD. The resolution seems to
have in view the establishment of some per-
manent and regular system of governing the
Indian tribes. I suppose if such a thing were
practicable it would be desirable. There is
certainly a necessity of having some uniform
system to regulate our relations with the Indian
tribes ; there is no doubt of that; but I look
upon the plan as utterly impracticable. It is
not possible, in the very nature of things, tak-
ing into account the character of the Indian
tribes, their want of knowledge, their turbu-
lence, and the utter destitution in which they
are of all the principles of civilization, to have
anything like a permanent regular system of
policy in regard to them.
We havehad various policies started with ref-
erence to the Indians. The last one which seems
to have taken hold of the feelings of the country
pretty generally, and which has been resorted to
by the President of the United States, may be
called, and perhaps not inappropriately, the
Quaker pol&y; that is, a policy by which our
relations are in a great degree to be regulated
by persons of that religious persuasion, who
are to subdue the Indians to civilization and
Christianization by m ere kindness, benevolence,
and instruction. I have no belief whatever in
the success of that scheme, but I am willing
to try it. I think it is rather early in the day
to attempt to depart from that policy which has
been so strongly recommended to us by the
President of the United States. I think we
may as well try it awhile longer. If a joint
committee is appointed to take into consider-
ation the subject of our Indian policy I shall
expect that we shall have "confusion worse
confounded;" there will be no policy ; every-
thing will be wrong ; everything will be out of
joint, and wc shall have more trouble in reg-
ulating our affairs with the Indian tribes than
we have ever had before.
Of course the Constitution of the United
States authorizes the President expressly to
enter into treaties with the Indian tribes. In
that sense, therefore, they are regarded as in-
dependent nations for the purpose of entering
into treaties with them. That is a power belong-
ing not to us, not to the House of Represent-
atives, but to the President of theUnited States;
a power of which we cannot deprive him, and
of which I do not wish to deprive him. I would
far rather leave this whole subject in the hands
where the Constitution has placed it than under-
take in this indirect way to wrest the power
from the Executive and to give it to a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses, who will never agree
upon anything, and of course whose action in
the premises will only tend to make the subject
more confused and impracticable.
I have very little confidence in joint com-
mittees of the two Houses for that or any other
purpose, except the purpose of mere inquiry
and report to the two Houses. I doubt very
much whether our legislation has been bene-
fited by the appointment of joint committees
of the two Houses in the general sense. At
all events I have no confidence whatever that
our Indian relations will be improved by the
appointment of such a committee as is now
contemplated by this resolution, and letting
them consider the relations of the United
States to the Indian tribes, even if they be
confined to that. The Constitution does not
place this matter in the hands of Congress.
It intrusts it entirely in the Executive, and
there I am willing to leave it, and I am willing
to aid him so far as I can in carrying out his
Quaker policy with the Indians. I think it
will end not exactly as it began, in the midst
of praises and laudations, but will end in utter
defeat and disappointment to him and the
country; bnt still I am willing to aid him in
carrying it out awhile longer. Let us try it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if we are to
have such a committee at all I hope it is to
last only during this session; that it will be for
a special, well-defined purpose, and that it will
not undertake to deal with the matters that prop-
erly belong to the regular Indian Committees
of the two Houses. If the Senate think it best
at this time, when it is hoped that a new and
better policy will be adopted and carried out
concerning the Indians, to have such a com-
mittee, I do not wish to stand in the wayof
it; but I confess I have very little confidence in
it; and I especially have little confidence in it
because I happen to know that a certain class
of people, hangers on about this city, who are
interested in railroads and other schemes to
cheat the country and cheat the Indians, are
very earnest for the adoption of some plan of
this kind.
The House of Representatives—I do not say
under what influence, and I do not know under
what influence, but probably under a combina-
tion of influences—have taken the responsi-
bility of refusing certain appropriations, and
the result is that treaties we made with the In-
dians have not been carried out. Disappoint-
ment and ill-will are the consequences, and
nobody knows the evil that has been caused,
and nobody can measure the sad results that
may come upon us.
The President of the United States, so far
as he is concerned, has attempted to inaugurate
a more humane and Christian policy toward
the Indians. I have faith in it; I believe in it;
and I hope that it will be sustained by Con-
gress, and that we shall not stop atany expense,
even in these days of economy, to inaugurate
a wise, liberal, and generous policy that shall,
if possible, save the remnant of the Indian
tribes in our land, civilize them, Christianize
them, and make them a part of our country.
Now, sir, if the Senate believes this commit-
tee will end in that way, and it may be that it
will contribute to it, I would not like to stand
in the way of such a special movement; but if
it be intended that we are to have such a per-
manent committee, that it is to continue here
and to be carried over this session, that it is to
grow up as a part of onr regular system, I am
opposed to it; and therefore, if the resolution
is to pass, I hope it will pass in the form pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say something
on this resolution, but I see there is but a
moment of the morning hour left. I suppose
if it is now passed over I shall have the floor
when the resolution is next called up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope if it is passed over
it will go to the foot of the Calendar, for it
stands in the way of other business.
