1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3837
take care of them. There is nothing there
but grass and water-pipes.
I do not propose to trouble the Senate at
any length on this subject; but when I heard
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] express
himself in favor of a reduction I felt rejoiced
that there would probably be no opposition to
what 1 suggested^. I regret that there seem to
be influential Senators who take a different
view, and of course whose judgments are just
as likely to be right as mine ; but 1 trust the
Senate will not adhere to the amendment as
made in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is ou concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. Can any Senator tell what
the present number of this force is ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The present number I
understand to be thirty. The House reduced
it to twenty. The Senate as in Committee of
the Whole put it back to thirty. The question
is on agreeing to that amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether
we shall keep the police as it is now, whether
there is any occasion to diminish it. My im-
pression is that we have no evidence which
would justify us in diminishing it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was raised
during the war; the war is over, and it seems
to me we can do with less.
Mr. COLE. It is obvious to my mind that
if there were but one watch, if all were on duty
at a time, taking charge of this building, the
several policemen on duty would hardly be
within hailing distance of each other. For
example, it would take three, one on each floor,
to take charge of this wing of the building, and
an equal number to take charge of the Repre-
sentatives' wing; and when you distribute an
equal proportion to the central part of the
building you will find that the policemen will
hardly be within hailing distance of each other,
and that there is no superabundance of them
on duty at any time if they were all on duty,
all in good health, and none sick at any time.
I will state in connection with this that so far
as I know this force has manifested no solicit-
ude about this matter. Not a single one of
thein has ever spoken to me on this subject,
and my opinion is formed from my observation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in ; there
being, on a division—ayes 28, noes 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reserved
amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. On page 15, in lines
three hundred and forty-eight, three hundred
and forty-nine, and three hundred and fifty,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
amended the provision by striking out the
words " and in newspapers of the States and
Territories, and in the city of Washington,"
and by inserting at the end of the clause "pro-
vided that all acts and parts of acts which pro-
vide lor the annual publication of the laws of
the United States and treaties with foreign
Powers be, and the same are hereby, repealed;"
so that the clause, as amended, reads:
Ifor publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and for
payment Gl' any balance which may be due for pub-
lication of the lawsprevious to the second session of
the Forty-First Congress, $50,000: Provided, That all
acts and parts of acts which provide for the annual
publication of the laws of the United States and
Ireaties with foreign Powers be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does that amendment
leslrictthe appropriation to the laws enacted
previous to this session? Is the appropriation
restricted to payment for the publication of the
laws enacted previous to this session? The
contracts have already been made for publish-
ing the laws of the present session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand the inquiry.
Mr. ANTHONY. I inquire if the appro-
priation is restricted to the payment of the
publication of the acts passed previous to this
session ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. WARNER. I hope this amendment
will not be concurred in. In most of the
States of the section which I in part represent
the only means the people have of getting
information of the laws of the United States
is through the papers. They are published now
in only two newspapers in a State, papers of
the largest circulation. It is the only means
our people have of getting information of the
laws. It is a matter of some importance to
our people, much more than it is in any other
section of the country, andl hope the amend-
ment of the committee will not be agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. The statement of the Senator
from Alabama, that the laws are published in
the newspapers having the largest circulation,
is on his part a misapprehension. If the pur-
pose of the act requiring the publication of the
laws in two newspapeis in each State was to
secure a general circulation for the laws of the
United States, it certainly has very largely
failed. I have taken the trouble to inquire
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives
where the laws are published in the several
States, and I find that, for instance, in New
York, instead of the laws being published in
that State at either the commercial or the
political center of the State, they are published
in papers published in Hudson and Pough-
keepsie, on the Hudson river, two towns
within sixty miles of each other, in local
newspapers. In my own State, Pennsylvania,
I find that instead of being published in either
of the cities, they are published at Tamaqua
and Meadville, in two papers having entirely a
local circulation, although very respectable
local papers. In Maryland, they are published
in one paper at Baltimore and the other at
Hagerstown, which comes nearer to being a
general circulation. In Ohio, the publication
is in one at Cincinnati and the other at Chilli-
cothe; in Tennessee, one at McMiunville and
the other, very appropriately I suppose, at
Greenville.
Mr. FOWLER. The paper at McMinnville
has not a circulation of two hundred; it only
circulates in the county.
Mr. SCOTT. In Indiana the publication is
in one paper at Richmond and the other at
Warsaw; in Illinois, one in Springfield and the
other in Rock Island; in New Jersey, one in
Newark and the other in Paterson; in Massa-
chusetts, one at Pittsfield and the other at
Lowell; and so it goes on throughout the whole
United States. Instead of this publication in
the newspapers giving any general publicity to
the laws at all, it will be seen that the adver-
tisement is distributed as a mere matter of
favor to these local newspapers; and at the
rate at which the publication is made it can
certainly be no very great object to them, for
I find that the allowance is but two dollars a
page. Really, if the object is to support news-
papers, that is not attained; and if the object
is to give publicity to the laws of Congress
by this publication, that object is not accom-
plished either. While it is not very desirable
that publicity should be given to them, the pur-
pose fails in the manner in which they are pub-
lished in the local newspapers. Therefore,
the remark of the Senator from Alabama, that
they are published in the newspapers having
the largest circulation, is an entire misappre-
hension.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have nothing to say
about this matter but what I said before, that
I think this is a useless expense. The Secre-
tary of State and the Assistant Secretary of
State are of the same opinion. There was a
time when the publication of the laws in the
newspapers was very appropriate, but that time
has gone by. I do not think the laws are read
there at all, and generally they are not pub-
lished there until long after they have been
enacted.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a question of
considerable importance in a financial point of
vigw; but it has au interest independent of
that. The sum to besaved is not to be despised
in these hard times. The question is whether
it is good economy to save it. My experience
is that this publication of laws in newspapers
in the several States, whateverend it may have
served heretofore in earlier days, has ceased to
have any practical utility.
In the first place, the publication is extended
over a great period of time, and those import-
ant laws of general interest which, as we all
know, are rarely passed until the latter weeks
of the session, do not appear sometimes for a
year after they are passed, in these local news-
papers. Of what earthly use is such a public-
ation as that?
In the next place, who relies on newspaper
editions of the laws? No prudent man does;
no lawyer does. The profession almost uni-
versally, so far as my observation extends, rely
either upon your pamphlet edition or upon the
full edition, the more careful and elaborate
edition, published by the Boston publishers,
Little & Brown ; and then the laws which are
of general interest are first telegraphed in sub-
stance all over the country, reaching every
town in every State ; besides, they are printed
in full at once, in the large daily papers in the
cities. Any man who is interested in finding
out what a law is has very little trouble in ac-
complishing his purpose ; and these newspaper
publications, even when they are in season,
are relied on by no one who understands the
importance ofgetting the'exacttext of a law. I
hope the amendment as made in Committee of
the Whole will be adhered to.
Mr. ROSS. I do not know what the prac-
tice may be in the States named by the gentle-
men who have spoken against the proposition
for the newspaper publication of the laws;
but I do know that in my own State the
practice is entirely different. There the laws
are published in the leading papers of the
State; they are distributed throughout the
State so as to reach the seveial divisions as
early as possible, and they are published
promptly and fully as soon as they can be re-
ceived from the State Department. I have
noticed since this discussion commenced, within
the last few days, and I have taken occasion
to see for myself how they are published ; and
I notice that they are usually, almost invaria-
bly, published within from twenty to thirty days
from the date of their passage and approval
by the President. I believe that is the case
throughout the West. I know that this pub-
lication is largely relied on by the people there
for their information in regard to what is the
law, and that as such it is a source of very
great convenience. The objection which has
been made may apply in some instances ; but
wherever it does apply it is the fault of those
who have the dispensing of this patronage, if
it may be so called. Where the law is prop-
erly executed it is a very advantageous one,
and I believe it should be retained.
Mr. RICE. I am not satisfied that this
amendment ought to be adopted. I think the
publication of these laws has a very beneficial
elfect in the country and is a source of infoi rel-
ation, not only to the people, but to the law-
yers in the country portion of our States ; and
I think the selection of newspapers as read by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is a good
selection. It is a selection of newspapers
which circulate among the country people,
being published at country towns. These are
the best places that can be selected in the
large States for their publication. They reach
that class of people whom we wish to inform
of the laws through the newspapers. They
have no means of getting hold of the laws ot
the United States except in that way. They
do not have the opportunity that men have in
the large cities of finding out what the law is,
and therefore they rely upon their country
newspapers for this information. I know,
and any gentleman who circulates among his
