1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4781
were improperly inaugurated, and that the
admission of the State at this time will make
their offices take effect as from its date. They
hold that as the constitution of the State of
Georgia provides that the term of members of
the Legislature shall be two years, and the term
of the Governor of that State shall be for four
years, it is to be construed to mean that they
shall not elect another Legislature until 1872,
and shall not hold another election for Gover-
nor until 1874, thus giving that man Bullock
six years of plunder and tyranny in that poor,
oppressed State of Georgia, two years more of
plunder than this constitution gives him, and
prolonging the term of the Legislature, which
has been in office for two years already, and
giving them four years instead of two to legis-
late over Georgia; and a Legislature, too, made
np as that has been.
It will be recollected that since December
last the Legislature of Georgia has seated—I
do not remember how many, but I think some-
thinglike adozen, perhaps ten—minority mem-
bers in the Legislature, men who never were
elected by anybody in the world.
Mr. BECK. Nineteen minority men.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nineteen members
of that present Legislature were minority men,
w'lio were never elected by anybody ; because
the men who were elected by a majority of
votes were either dead, or did not appear to
qualify, or could not qualify. The Legislature
seated those minority men, some of them hav-
ing received but a very few hundred votes,
more or less.
Mr. BECK. Because the Democrats had
done so before in turning out the colored mem-
bers and seating the minority men-in their
place.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; and when the
Democrats had put in some minority men in
the place of colored men who had been elected,
we denounced that act, as we properly should
denounce it, as an act of usurpation and of
unconstitutional authority. And yet it is pro-
posed here to continue these men thus admitted
into the Legislature for two years beyond the
term which their constitution provides. And
I hold here in my hand a certificate from the
treasurer of that State certifying that he has
paid every one of these colored men, and the
men improperly seated in the Legislature, their
lull pay from the commencement of the Legis-
lature, two years ago, up to the present time.
The members of the Legislature receive, I
believe, ten dollars a day for the session
more pay than members of Congress tormerly
received. This is the pay that is drawn by
these minority men ; and they have been paid
from the commencement of the Legislature two
years ago till the present time.
Mr. Speaker, the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks]
is well enough; the substitute proposed by the
gentleman irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna]
is well enough; and the bill reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary is well enough, if
yoa will only add to whichever of these propo-
sitions may be adopted a provision which shall
prevent the prolongation of the terms of office
of these men. But as they have announced
that if there be no such provision in our law,
they will construe it as prolonging their terms ;
as the Governor has said this, arguing the posi-
lion strenuously before the Judiciary Commit-
tee of the Senate; as the members of the Legis-
lature have said so, and as members of this
House so declare, it becomes our duty to settle
the question distinctly one way or the other,
and not leave it open to construction.
It is said, however, in reply to this, '• W liy
not leave that question to the courts ? Let us
admit the State, and the question as to when
the election shall take place may be left to the
courts, to be decided uiider the State consti-
tution." Bat will some gentleman tell me how
this question is to be taken into the courts
until after the time for the election has ex-
pired. Perhaps some one will say, "Issue a
mandamus directed to the Governor, and com-
pel him to issue a writ calling an election."
But you do not know whether he will or will
not issue his writ voluntarily, until the time
for the election has expired. When the mat-
ter has progressed so far that his intention to
issue no writ is obvious, the time for the elec-
tion, under the constitution, will have gone by
before a mandamus can be obtained. The
Legislature will have made no provision for
the time of the election or for the expense.
Besides, under this same construction, the
Governor of that State, Mr. Bullock, holding
as he does that the reorganization of the State
under this bill will commence the existence of
the State, will turn out of office the judiciary
of the State and appoint new judges, who shall
be the creatures of his will as much as the
agents of the State railroads are. Then you
have the Governor there, with the judiciary in
his own hands, with a Legislature which be
can manipulate ; and by the construction which
the State officers will themselves give to your
law, they will be in possession of that State
for two years more than the State constitution
intended.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman from
Illinois permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will, if it is not
too long.
Mr. LAFLIN. In what way can the Gov-
ernor of Georgia remove the judiciary so as
to appoint men who will follow his will and
pleasure?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By nominating new
men to the State senate and having them con-
firmed.
Mr. LAFLIN. But how are the present
judges to be removed? Can the Governor, in
accordance with the constitution, remove them
at any time?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are no judges
there, according to the State constitution, as
construed by Governor Bullock and liis friends.
According to their construction, the thing begins
de novo upon the passage of this bill. Why,
sir, you have now silting in this Hall men who
were here in the last Congress as members
from Georgia, who drew their pay as such, and
who expect when you pass this bill to present
the same credentials, take their seats in the
present Congress, and draw their pay again.
1 know it, sir, and you know not. Why do
they expect to do (his? On the ground that
their service in the other Congress is to go for
nothing: that it is of no account; that it was a
faux pas; that their admission was premature;
that ihey had no ii ht here then; that the
State, as the genflenu-n from Pennsylvania
[Mr. ScoriKTj)] contend.', was not admitted;
that consequently they were here by mistake.
But they voted, i-ometimes casting decisive
votes, and they drew their pay. They are sit-
ting about this Ilall now, expecting _to take
their seals in this Congress under the same
credentials, and diaw their pay again, on the
ground that, their term of office just begins.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not state
that matter with entire fairness.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, how ought I
to state it?
Mr. DAWES. They do not hold that they
were here in the last Congress by mistake;
but they hold that they were elected to two
Congresses at once.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I give the
gentleman the benelit ot that. II they were
elected to two Congresses at the same time by
one vote, on the same principle Governor Bul-
lock holds that he was elected for two terms at
one vote; and in the same way the members
of the Legislature were elected for two terms
at once. The whole thing is a sort of double-
ecder, a double-barelled machine.
And we are told if we do not do this we
shall lose the election, i'epublicans have the
effrontery to ask that, to ask that tue founda-
tion principle of republican government shall
be overthrown in order to perpetuate the reign
of this plundering dynasty in Georgia! Why,
sir, if such a bill is to pass, if such a rule is to
be inaugurated, if such things are to take place
under the Republican party, the party ought
to be defeated. It is in that way we are being
defeated in the South. It is because we do
not treat these people fairly and peaceably. It
is beeause we have gone too far. It is because
men insist upon going on as if the war were
going on, and because they are afraid of the
ghost of the poor old dead confederacy, which
has been buried five years ago, which has rotted
m its grave, and whose ashes are now manur-
ing the soil of the South, and from them are
springing loyal men.
Why, Mr. Speaker, I would sooner vote to
prolong the term of office of these men and
fix the time than leave it in doubt. Every
honest man from Georgia will tell you, the
men who think as I do will tell you, that they
would rather have the election go over than to
have it in doubt. They say the result will be,
if Congress does not express itself on the sub-
ject, that some of them will try to have an
election. They will call an election. The Gov-
ernor will endeavor to prevent it. There will
be a collision, and there will be trouble. The
Governor will issue his proclamation and lie
will exaggerate, and he will call upon the Pres-
ident of the United States for troops to suppress
insurrection, or something of that sort. There
will be more oppression in it, and the people of
Georgia will be crushed down still further while
this matter is lying in doubt. 1 beg and
beseech Congress to settle this question one
way or the other.
Another point, and I will conclude what I
have to say, for I have promised to yield to
other gentlemen a portion of my time. The
only thing which has been decided by both
Houses affirmatively, and in the same way, is
this question of election this fall. By what is
known as the Bingham amendment we decided
it by a large majority. We came within a few
voles of having a majority of the Republican
party on this floor. In the Senate they struck
everything else out of the bill, and in the bill
they passed they provided that the Legislature
shall be elected this fall. The Senate have
put the provision into their bill that there shall
be an election for the Legislature this fall. It
puts an end to what is at present called a
Legislature there. Butgentlemen answer that
by saying that the Senate have remanded
Georgia to military authority; that the elec-
tion is to bo held under the military authority.
How does that change it? It is to be a. new
Legislature. That is the only question on
which both Houses have united, that there
shall be an election this fall.
But I will not occupy the attention of the
House further. I will yield to the gentlemen
to whom 1 promised a portion of my time. 1
will first yield to the gentleman 1'rom New
York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr! POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the
gentleman from Illinois for his courtesy ; but
in view of the number of gentlemen who de-
sire to speak, and the shortening of the time
allowed for debate, and as I have heretofore
intimated to the House my views on the ques-
tion of reconstruction, I shall only ask leave
to print the remarks I was about to make, and
return the floor to the gentleman from Illinois.
There was no objection, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch
as 1 voted before for the bill declaring Georgia
entitled to representation in Congress with the
amendment put upon it by a majority in this
House, it was somewhat gratuitous for the hon-
orablegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] to take up any portion of his time in sug-
gesting anything to the House about what I bad
said touching the effect of such act of admis-
sion without any limitation upon the act. We
, have noticed in the progress of this debate that
