2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
The Secretary. It is a bill (S. No. 124)
granting lands to the State of Minnesota
to aid in constructing a railroad from Lake
Superior to Vermilion Lake, in said State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill ? If
not it will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HOWELL. To save time I shall offer
an amendment to that bill, and it will be dis-
cussed. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 249) for the settlement of claims for
quartermaster's and commissary stores fur-
nished to or taken by the United States within
the States in rebellion during the late war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will lead to a long
debate. Let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
The Secretary. The next business on the
Calendar is the joint resolution (S. R. No. 9)
granting the right of way to the Memphis, El
Paso, and Pacific Railroad Company from El
Paso to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. HARRIS. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
importation of persons.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 251) to repeal an act entitled "An act
to prevent the importation of certain persons
into certain States where by the laws thereof
their admission is prohibited."
Mr. SUMNER. That bill has already passed
the Senate once. It is to repeal a statute which
I have before me of February 28, 1803, which
is the last surviving statute relating to slavery
which can be found in our books. It is a stat-
ute prohibiting the importation of persons of-
color, and subjecting all parties who do it to a
fine of $1,000, &c. There is no occasion for
the statute on our statute-books now, and I
hope this bill will be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is the last act of
that kind I hope this repealing bill will be
passed.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the last; that is, I can
find no other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is the word
"white" in our naturalization law.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a bill before the
Committee on the Judiciary striking that out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am glad to hear it. I
hope the Judiciary Committee will report that
bill. Let us pass this now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be considered as before the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, no objection being made,
and it will be read.
The bill was read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the title be amended
by adding the words, "approved February 28,
1803."
The title was so amended.
oath of office.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons who participated in the late
rebellion, but who are not disqualified from
holding office by the fourteenth amendment te
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill be read at
length.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
JBe it enacted, &e.. That when any person who is
not rendered ineligible to offico by the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
shall be elected or appointed to any office of honor
or trust under the Government of the United States,
and shall not be ableon account of his participation
in the late rebellion to take tho oath prescribed in
the act of Congress approved July 2, 1862, said per-
son shall, in lieu of said oath, before entering upon
the duties of said offico, take and subscribe tho
oath prescribed in an act of Congress ontitled "An
act prescribing an oath of office to be taken by per-
sons from whom legal disabilities shall have been
removed," approved July 11,1868.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill ought to pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without |
amendment, ordered to be engrossed forathird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
services in insurrectionary states.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 21) authorizing payment to be made
for certain services rendered to the United
States in the late insurrectionary States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask if that is the 1
old question about paying persons who were
employed in the South who could not take the
oath ?
Mr. SAWYER. That is it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better go by.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Seuator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object because I
intend to make at least half au hour's speech
upon that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think those parties ought
to call on Mr. McCulloch and Andrew John-
son.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
! be passed over.
foreign trade-marks.
The next bill on the Calendar was stated to 1
be the bill (S. No. 264) to execute the provis-
ions of a certain treaty between the United
States and his Majesty the emperor of all the
Russias, concluded on January 27, A. D. 1868.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that bill be read. I
do not remember it.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By some mistake or
misapprehension it seems that subject has been
before the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on the Judiciary both, and
both committees have reported bills. The next
bill, No. 265, is reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the same subject, and the
Senator from Massachusetts thinks that is a
better bill. I ask that that be read. W'e had
better pass one of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill will
be regarded as objected to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; let the next bill
be read. These two bills are on the same
subject.
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 265) to
prevent the counterfeiting of foreign trade-
marks protected by treaty stipulations. It has
a preamble reciting that treaties have been
concluded between the United States and cer-
tain foreign Powers, by which the contracting
parties have mutually bound themselves to pre-
vent their citizens or subjects from counter-
feiting trade-marks used by citizens or subjects
of the other, and that other similar treaties are
proposed. In order to carry into effect the
stipulations which have been or may hereafter
be made by the Government of the United
States, it is proposed to enact that whenever
any citizen or subject of a foreign Power uses
any trade-mark on merchandise to show its
origin and quality, and has taken the steps pre-
scribed by treaty to secure the right of prop-
erty in such trade-mark, no person anywhere
within the United States shall counterfeit the
same. Whoever violates this provision, or
knowingly sells or exposes for sale any article
having such counterfeited trade-mark, is to be
liable to the injured party in an action at law
or equity, to be prosecuted in any court of the
United States having jurisdiction thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied with the
bill No. 265. It is a general bill and covers
all treaties of this kind, whereas bill No. 264
is confined to the treaty with Russia. If this
bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations will answer the purpose by giving
an action of damages I shall prefer it. I inovo°
therefore, to postpone indefinitely Senate bill
No. 204 with a view of passing bill No. 2>j ■}.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary and also of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to the lact that the
bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations seems to me to add nothing to ttie
existing law. It simply says that whoever
shall violate a trade-mark shall be liable to an
action of damages. He is so without any stat-
ute. If any action whatever is needed on the
part of Congress it is to make the law more
stringent than is the common law. If any man
should use a trade-mark fraudulently that is a
misdemeanor ; that is obtaining money under
false pretenses. It is not like the case of an
infringement of a patent, which a man may
do without knowledge that a patent exists;
but if a man violates the trade-mark of another
man and puts it on goods to sell for the pur-
pose of defrauding, that is a misdemeanor and
should be so punished. The bill reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary adds to the ex-
isting law, and I think the other bill does not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator if he is altogether certain whether a citi-
zen of a foreign country can maintain his action
at common law for damages for counterfeiting
a foreign trade-mark in the United States?
Mr. CARPENTER. Counterfeiting a trade-
mark of the United States? No.
Mr. WILLIAMS. A foreign trade-mark in
the United States?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, undoubtedly.
Mr. SUMNER. Couidhe maintain it iu the
courts of the United States?
Mr. FOWLER. I object to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee objects to the further consid-
eration of the bill, and it therefore lies over
over under the objection.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better pass one
of these bills ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee objected to both bills.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 do not object if they can
be passed without debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will be no con-
siderable debate. This is merely an explana-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some bill on this sub-
ject ought certainly to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. There are already three
treaties, I will say, on this subject. We have
ratified one with Russia, one with Belgium,
and another with France; and the object of
this statute is simply to carry into execution
those treaties by providing remedies for the
parties under them. The bill reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations simply
gave the right of action on the idea that some
statute power of that kind was needed to give
the parties a remedy in the courts of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to this
fact: there are two classes of cases which
may be brought in the Federal courts—one is
brought there because it involves some right
granted by Congress, and another is brought
there on the citizenship or alienage of the
party. A suit brought by the subject of any
foreign nation is always capable of being
brought in the Federal courts. At the com mon
law, of course, every man can maintain his
action for a violation of his trade-mark. He
may go into chancery and enjoin the party
upon it. That has been settled law for a great
many years. If he be the subject of a foreign
Power, he comes, in virtue of that fact, into
the Federal courts, and there enforces all his
common-law rights.
Mr. SUMNER. But will the national court—
I choose to call it national rather than Fed-
eral, with the Senator's permission 
