4.782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
the gentleman was not candid enough to say
to the House for himself that it was his own
judgment as a lawyer that the passage without
amendment of the bill proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] or the
bill as reported by the other gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boiler] would not have
the effect, under and by force of the act of 1867,
to elect the present Legislature of Georgia tor
two years from this date, and as long thereaf ter
as the intervening time between the election-
and qualification of their successors two years
Air.' SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will not charge it to want of candor on my part,
as I had just approached that subject when,
to my surprise, 1 found that my time had ex-
pired. If I could get time I would be glad to
discuss it. The gentleman should not charge
it to a lack of candor on my part, when the
gavel of the Speaker cut me off.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was not aware of that,
and I withdraw the word. But will the gen-
tleman answer me if that is the legal effect of
this legislation without any such qualification
as I have stated ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think that whenever we
admit the State the legal constitutional term
of its officers begins, and runs as long as the
constitution of Georgia provides, and that we
have no constitutional power to interdict or
override the constitution of Georgia by a min-
isterial provision.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is exactly the effect
of the proposed bill if passed witnout amend-
ment. Mr. Speaker, we have no constitutional
power to strike down the constitution of Geor-
gia. It has been settled, and will stay settled
in this hemisphere and the other, that thirty
tyrants are no more to be tolerated than one.
That is the very issue here. Sir, I desire to say
another word in this connection. Ihe gentle-
man has his interpretation of the proposed legis-
iation addressed to every member of this House,
as I have good reason to believe ; it certainly
has been addressed to me in a pamphlet by
Governor Bullock, who asks us to continue his
term for two years longer than he was elected
for, and in violation of the constitution of Geor-
gia. This brings me, Mr. Speaker, directly to
the point between us. 1 submit that the bill, it
npssed as proposed without amendment, vio-
lates our pledged fa,th; it violates our own
statutes twice enacted in this behalf; it violates
the Constitution of our country ; it violates the
constitution of Georgia; it violates the declared
creed of the Republican party, that party which
under God has brought about the restoration
of these lately disorganized ami insurgent
Slates. It is to that point I ask the attention
of the House and the country. _ _ Tr„„00
I am not to be told, su, either in this House
or in another, that by putting the amendment
proposed into your law we are illegally con-
struing the constitution of the State. Su, you
have always construed the constitutions of
States. You construed the constitution of
Missouri by the act of 1821, when you declared
by that act and put it into your statute-book,
where it stands to this day, that a certain sec-
tion named in the constitution of Missourinever
should be so enforced by legislative enactment
passed pursuant thereto as to deprive any citi-
zen of any State of the equal privileges and
immunities of citizens in the State of Missouri.
You construed the constitution of every one
of the other States named in the act of 1808
when you declared it'was republican. You
construed the constitution of Georgia by the
Mfl of 1808 when you declared that a ceitain
section and paragraph of that constitution
should, as a condition-precedent to the adtms^
sion of the State to representation, be declared
bv the Legislature null and void. _ lou con-
strued it as impairing the obligation of con- ,
tracts. You interpreted it as viola.lve of the >
provision of the Constitution of the Ijnited ,
States which declares that no State shall make ,
any law impairing the obligation of contracts, i
You interpreted the constitutions of all these
States furthermore when you put in the funda-
mental condition, which you have passed time
and again, declaring that the constitution of a
State shall never be so changed as to take away
the light now secured by such constitution to
the citizens to vote, without distinction of race
or color. You thereby declared that that was
the construction of the constitution of such
State. *
Ay, sir; you have always asserted your power
to construe and determine the meaning and
effect of every clause of the constitution of a
State presented here for your approval or dis-
approval. You inserted in the act of 18C8 the
words that the form of government adopted
by Georgia, by North Carolina, by South Car-
olina, by Alabama, by Louisiana, and by Flor-
ida was republican. It is too late, therefore,
for the Congress of the United States to say
that you do" not and cannot construe a State
constitution.
The question, therefore, is this, Mr. Speaker:
whether we will keep the pledged laitli of this
Congress and the preceding Congresses, and
have regard lor the rights ol tin; people of
Georgia under the Constitution of the United
States and the constitution of Georgia.
liy your act of 1807 you declared (hat these
States should be admitted, naming Georgia
among the rest, upon the conditions named in
that act. I read the liltii section of that act:
"SliC. 5. Ami. Ill: it further eiutetcd, That when th
people of any one ol s:u.I lobel Scat''^ shall have
tormed a constitution 01 i;o v online u t in contonui I y
with the Constitution of the United States in ail
rospects, framed by a, com on! too ol delegates elee tod
by the in a) o oil i/.eiw ol s;i id Stuio twont v-ono ye*i rs
old ami upward, ol whatever ra"t\ coioi, or pievious
condition, who have been resident m said btato lor
one year previous to the any ot tac.i election, except
such as may bcdislranctiised lor participation in t he
rebellion, or lor felony at common law ; ami when
such constitution dm II provide that the elective iran-
chiso shall bo enjoyed hy nllsuch persons as have the
auaMcaiions herein stated tor electors ot delegates:
aud when sueh constitution shall be latihed by a
majoiity ot the persona voting on the question of
ratification who are qualified sis electors lor dele-
gates; and when such constitution shall have been
submitted to Congress for examination .and approval,
and Congress shall have approved .the same, and
when said State, by a vote of its Legislature elccted
under said constitution, shall have adopted the
amendment to the Constitution ot the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen; and when said articlo shall have
bccomo a pait ot the Constitution ol tho United
States said St ato sha 11 be declared entitled to repres-
entation in Congress, and Son u tors and Represent-
atives shall bo admitted therefrom on their taking
the oaths proscribed by law, and then and thereafter
tho preceding sections oi this act shall bo inopera-
tive in said State."
You will notice, Mr. Speaker and genllc-.
men of the House, that the act from which I
read this section names the States of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas. One of its provisions
was that the elective franchise should be se-
cured equally by tho fundamental law of each
of the States named. That has been done.
Congress so declared in a subsequent act as
to the constitution of Georgia. Another con-
dition was that ai tide fourteen of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States should
become apart of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and should be ratified by the Legis-
lature of that State. That has been done, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] took occasion to declare that the Pres-
ident had by his proclamation proclaimed it.
So he did, under the act of 18G8. Does the
gentleman protend to say here to-day that a
provisional Legislature can ratify an amend-
ment to the Constitution? Why, your act of
1807 excludes your conclusion. It says ex-
pressly that it shall be the Legislature of the
State chosen under its constitution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gent'.'.-man has put
a question ; does he desire me to ;,uswer I
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that I
asked the gentleman any question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, I thought the gentle-
man did.
Mr. BINGHAM. I only stated what the
gentleman said, by way of interrogatory.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will only say one sen-
tence, if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have always neld that
the Legislature of a provisional State could
not ratify an amendment to the Constitution.
But there is this about it: some gentlemen
claim that these were still States, and did not
need to be readmitted. We went upon both
doctrines. If they were still States, then they
could ratify the amendment. Jf they could
not, they need not be counted, because there
were enough adhering States to niake three
fourths, counting them outside. They need
not be' considered at all in making up the
number.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I did not
happen to be one of those who claimed that
the insurgent, Stales did not need legislation to
admit them to representation. 1 happen to
have given my suppoit, to all these acts, as the
gentleman did himself. But the act of 1808,
for wliielt the gentleman voted, declared that
it was the Legislature of the State ol Georgia,
and nothing else, that was to ratify tho four-
teenth article of amendment, and that was
declared as to all the other States named in
that act.
'Pile gentleman may as well not raise this
question here, that the reconstructed States
were not, States, and imperil the validity of that
amendment and of the succeeding amendment,
the fifteenth. It is not for the gentleman to
say. in the presence of our past legislation, that
they were not States capable of ratifying con-
stitutional amendments. Sit', the gentleman
declared himself, and so did every Republican
member on fins lloor. in the act of 18G7, that
the amendment should be ratilied by the Legis-
latures of the said States, including the State
of Georgia, as a condition-precedent to its
admission lo representation ; and that each of
the States shall also make a constitution of gov-
ernment, conformable to the Constitution oitlie
United States. The other five States named
in the act of 18G8, which I have already enum-
erated—the two Caroliuas, Alabama, Florida,
and Louisiana—did make sueh constitution of
government,in all respects satisfactory to Con-
gress, and were admitted at once to represent-
ation in Congress.
But Congress found in the constitution of
the State of Georgia a provision whieh was
unconstitutional; and therefore, in the act of
18(18,Congress required the Legislature ol Geor-
gia to assent to the disapproval of and the
striking out of that unconstitutional provision.
I will refer to that act, and show how consistent
we are in all that is attempted to be done here
to-day. It is as follows :
An act to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Uoor^u), Alabama, and Flor-
ida, to representation in Congress.
Whereas the people of North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Louisiana, (leonna, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance of tho provisions of an aet enti-
tled " An net, tor the uioio ellioient government ot'
the rebel States,'' passed Mareli 2, ISo", and tho acts
supplementary theieto, framed constitutions of State
government which arc republican, and have adopted,
said constitutions byiar^e majo.ities of the votes
e:ist at the elections held tor the ratification or rejec-
tion of tlic same: Thercfoie,
Jle 'it enacted bu the tiemde a,tid Ffouse of Repreienhl-
tives of the United State'! of America inVanw fin-
bled, That each of tho States of A"or; h Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, door^ia, Alabama, and
oi, ill 1-in ni-\ i- i * 1 /wl r  rl •* rl 1 f* r o/l f/\
hoiun uaronmu .Louisiana, Georgia, riiaoama, ana
Florida, shall bo entitled and jidmitted to represent-
ation in Con«rrcs< a* a State of tho Union -when ?ho
:i Legislatuicoi such vStateshall have dnlv vatified the
}i amendment to the Constitution ot thq United States
j| proposed by the Thiny-Nmrh Congress, and known
jj ; s articlo fourteen, upon tho following fundamental
11 conditions: iliat tho eoustil iumus ot neither ot said
j| States ^iall over be so amended or changed as U>
js deprive any citizen or class of eit v/.ons of the United
ji States of the light to vote in s,iiu Suite who are
entitled to vote by the constitution thereof herein
! recognised, except as a punishment for such crimes
i as are now felonies at common law, whereof they
i shall have been duly convu-tcd under laws equally
| applicable to all the inhabitants of said State.
| Is there no construction in that act of the
1 constitution of Georgia? Is there no construq-
