3888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
constituents knows, that they do understand
the laws of the United States, a8 they get
them from the newspapers, and can tell, many
of them, as much about them as we can when
we get home. They get them as they are pub-
lished in that way; and that is the only way
really that they can get them. I think it is
of very great importance to have the laws so
published, especially for the southern portion
of the country. Our newspapers there that
are springing up are circulating around the
country. The people are glad to get hold of
anything that shows what Congress has done.
Their rights are involved in the present legis-
lation of the country. Hardly a day passes
that something is not up which specially inter-
ests them; and as they have been out of the
reach of congressional proceedings for nxtny
years they receive it gladly, and it has a good
effect on them. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say in a single word that all these laws which
are of any importance are published substan-
tially in every newspaper as fast as they are
approved by the President; and the news-
papers iu which they are officially published fail
to be preserved. I do not believe there is a
man in a single State who preserves a file of
these newspapers so as to obtain any knowl-
edge of the laws from them whenever it may
be necessary. The pamphlet edition that we
publish of the laws of the United States is
wore than a compensation for the publication
in the. newspapers; and the pamphlet edition
is a new feature on the part of Congress, which
was not in the practice of Congress years ago
when the publication of the laws was first
established iu the newspapers. Now the pam-
phlet editions aio preset ved, and placed in the
bunds of men who can make them useful, the
lawyers.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. It may be true that in the
older States the people do not derive so much
benefit from the publication of the laws in
newspapers; but what the Senator from Rhode
island and the Senator from Vermont say is
not true. 1 think, of the newer western States
and of the southern States. Lawyers will not
rely, of course, upou the newspaper copies of
the laws for information; but the great mass
of the people do get their knowledge of the
laws parsed by Congress through the medium
of the newspaper publication, and it is in the
southern States and in the newer western
States the only means they have practically of
getting a knowledge of these laws. I think it
is to the iulerest of the public that the mass of
the people should know fully and completely
just what Congress is doing and what laws are
made. It is proper that they should know
them in order that they may yield obedience to
the laws, and, it is proper that they should
know what their Representatives are doing
iu order that they may hold them to a just
responsibility.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not wish, iu the
remarks I made, to place the objection at all
upon the ground of the character of the news-
papers selected. I dare say the laws are gen-
erally published in the most valuable news-
papers that will accept the publication; but
my objection is that the expense is an entirely
unnecessary one, iu whatever papers they are
printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to state what the present expense
is of this mode of publication.
Mr. ANTHONY. It varies. It is from
lieveuty-iive to one hundred thousand dollars,
I think. It varies, of course, according to the
number of laws that are printed. It is more
at the long session than the short session.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 should like to be informed,
if the honorable Senator can furnish the in-
formation, what length c-f time usually ^lapses
after the enactment of laws before they appear
in pamphlet form?
Mr. ANTHONY. Very soon after the
adjournment. Every law as it is approved is
printed and placed upon our desks, in con-
formity with a proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trtjmboll,] and im-
mediately after the adjournment the Congres-
sional Printer always has general instructions
to get the pamphlet out as soon as he can;
but it takes thirty or forty days probably after
the adjournment to get it out.
Mr. HARLAN. The reason of my inquiry
is this: I know it has been the habit of officers
in the Departments here to cut out the laws as
they are printed in the city newspapers and
paste them in a book for refcrcnee for the
transactions of business-. They do it from day
to day here. I know also that in the country
in my own State the officers do the same thing.
Th-ay watch the papers that are authorized to
publish the laws officially and clip them out,
and keep them in scrap-books for their guid-
ance in the transaction of the public business.
The assessors and collectors of revenue, the
postmasters, if any laws are enacted in relation
to the post office system, and also the land offi-
cers, and all other officers of the Government,
do it in my own State, and I know they do it
here in the Departments. It occurs to me that
it would be very inconvenient to cut off this
publication, unless there is a distribution of
the published laws in some other way. In
order to enable these officers to know what the
laws are, they must necessarily have a correct
copy. If they are not printed in some other
i'orm and distributed immediately they can only
procure copies by hiring clerks here to copy
them from the rolls of the State Department,
or in the hands of our secretaries. I am rather
inclined to think this is a dangerous experi-
ment to be made at this time, i think the mat-
ter had better be looked into.
Mr. STEWART. I concur with the Senator
from Iowa that this is a dangerous experiment
to make at this time. We are passing many
important laws that ought to be known imme-
diately by the people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hold in my hand the
laws of this session down to the 12th day of
May, printed and laid upon our tables, and if
the Departments wast them they certainly
take thesecopies, printed underthe authority of
Congress, instead of cutting them from news-
papers. Now, I venture to say to my good
friend from Iowa that if he will look in the city
papers of Washington he will find that these
laws are not yet published. Some of them
have been published, but I do not believe you
will find anything like the whole of them pub-
lished up to this time. They will be the whole
season in publishing them. Why, the idea of
looking for the laws of the United States in
the obscure newspapers in which, as a gen-
eral thing, they are published I venture to say
occurs to no one. that wants to find out what
the laws are at the present time. This pub-
lication by Congress of the laws as they are
enacted here has been adopted within a few
years. I do not know that it has been in oper-
ation more than a year ; perhaps the Senator
from Rhode Island can tell how long.
Mr. ANTHONY. About two years, I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is about two years
since we commenced the publication of the
laws in this way as soon as they are enacted.
I see now on this file in my hands an act as
late as May 17 ; to-day is the 26th—only nine
days since its approval. There may be some
later laws on this tile; I have not examined all
of them. The newspapers have not published
these laws up to this time, very few of them.
The important laws of the country, such as the
Senator from Nevada has referred to, that peo-
ple want to know, are-found in the great lead-
ing newspapers of the country as a matter of
news ; and they are published in these weekly
papers long afterward. Six months, sometimes
a year after Congress has adjourned, you find
the laws in the weekly newspapers. The only
object that I can see in this appropriation is to
afford a little means of support to some sickly
papers. As is suggested to me by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] the law
in regard to the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment is already published in all the
New York papers and the leading papers of
the country.
Mr. STEWART. I have not seen it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I have seen it.
Mr. ANTHONY. And I have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know-
how long it will be before some weekly paper
in the State of Nevada or in the State of Illi-
nois publishes that law. It is published already
in the papers of Chicago. I think this appro-
priation is an entire-waste of money ; that there
is no sort of use for it. If the Departments
here at Washington want the laws they can
certainly get them in the form that I hold in
my hand.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, he thinks that
this publication that he holds in his hand may
be regarded as an efficient substitute for the
former mode of publication in the papers. I
should like to know how many copies in that
form are issued, if any one can inform me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Icannot inform the Sen-
ator ; but I think there were distributed to me
last year a hundred copies. I think we get a
hundred copies apiece.
Mr. HARLAN. As they are issued?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Fifty-four to each Sen-
ator, the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
informs me.
Mr. HARLAN. As they are issued?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; they are bound
together after the close of the session.
Mr. HARLAN. After they are reduced to
pamphlet form and published in that mode, I
suppose we may receive the number the hon-
orable Senator mentions; but as they are
passed and printed from day to day, and fur-
nished to Senators at their desks, I suppose
the number published is the usual number of
bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. HARLAN. One for each Senator and
one for each member of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I understand it is part of the regulations
to furnish to the different Departments copies
of these laws as they are laid on our tables,
and I think it is so as to the bills. Several
copies of each are furnished to them. The
Senator from Iowa probably will know how
many of the regular proceedings of Congress
are furnished to each Department.
Mr. HARLAN. That is as I supposed.
There is a number of these laws published, as
they are enacted from time to time, equal to
the ordinary number of documents, to supply
Senators at their desks, and perhaps the heads
of Departments. But is there any mode of
furnishing these official copies of the laws to
the officers throughout the country, the post-
masters, assessors, collectors, deputy assessors,
deputy col-lectors, land officers, and other offi-
cials of the Government? It is that necessity
to which I desire to call the attention of the
Senate. As was remarked by the honorable
Senator from Nevada, there are very many
important laws being enacted at this time, and
it seems to me to be very important that the
people away from Washington should know
what they are.
It may be that the officers who have under
their special supervision the publication of these
laws in the newspapers are not as prompt as
they ought to be. A few years ago, for reasons
satisfactory to Congress, the supervision of the
publication of the laws in the newspapers was
taken away from the State Department and
placed under the control of an officer of one of
the branches of Congress; and since that time
it may be that there has been great tardiness
in their publication in th® newspapers. But if
