1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
its being passed over forever. I should be
very glad if that course should be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I made that motion the
other day, and it was objected to, because, I
believe, it was considered hardly respectful to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. I thought
it was the highest compliment I could pay
them.
Mr. HARLAN. Individually I took no ex-
ception to the Senator's motion, and would be
very willing forhim to suggest the same motion
now in order to test the judgment of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that by the new
rule he can move to put the resolution at the
foot of the Calendar, and that must be decided
without debate.
Mr. THURMAN. I move, then, that it be
placed at the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE. Will not a motion to lay on
the table take precedence of that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not under the
new rule. The motion to place it at the foot
of the Calendar preserves it on the Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to withdraw his motion and let me move to
lay it on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the resolution
lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done; but let it be a test vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri,
that the resolution lie on the table.
Mr. DRAKE. On that motion 1 ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 30; as follows;
YEAS—Slessrs. Bayard, Boreman.Casserly, Chand-
ler, Craein, Davis, Drake. Forry, Fowler, Hamilton,
Harris, Howard, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson,
Pratt, Sckurz, Scott, Sherman, Spraguo, Stockton,
Thurman, Vickers, Warner. Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Carimncor, Cole, Oonkling.Corbctt, Edmunds, Fonton.
Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Ho we,Ho well, Kellogg:, Mc-
Donald, Nyo, Osborn, Pomcroy, Pool, Itamsey, lliee,
lloss, Sawyer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, and "Williams—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cainoron, Cattoll, Nor-
ton, Bevels, ltobortson, Saulsbury, Spoucor, and
Willoy—9.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the negative. The resolution is not laid on
the table. The morning hour having expired,
the Georgia bill is before the Senate, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] upon
which the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous con-
sent, so that we may get on with resolutions
to-morrow, to take the vote on the amendment
I offered, and I hope there will bo no objec-
tion to disposing of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to vote, without further debate, on
his amendment to the concurrent resolution,
and on the concurrent resolution as amended.
Is there objection?
Mr. MORIllLL, ofVermont. I desire to
say something on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is to be debated
we had better go on with the regular order.
HOUSE BILL ltHFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 192) to
allow the owners of homesteads to deduct the
interest paid on mortgages thereon from their
income returns was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
state of georgia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Mortou, which was to add
as an additional section to the bill the follow-
ing:
And, be it further enacted, That so much of the act
entitled "An actmaking appropriationsforthe sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,1868,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,1867, as
prohibits the organization, arming, or calling into
service of the militia force in the State of Georgia,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I deem it
material to ascertain definitely at what time
Georgia had a Legislature legally organized,for
upon that point, it seems to me, will depend
the whole character of this case. I deem it
material to ascertain at what point of time the
Legislature which Congress has recognized and
will recognize as having all the political author-
ity necessary for the purpose of ratifying con-
stitutional amendments and electing Senators
was organized, and to that point I propose to
address myself.
But, sir, as some remarks were made by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Timjmbull] with
regard to the report of the Judiciary Commit-
tee at the last Congress on the credentials of
Mr. Hill, I deem it important that that report
should be first understood. So far from its
not having been indorsed by the committee in
full in consequence of the qualifications that
were suggested by honorable Senators I pro-
pose to show that the theory of that report has
been indorsed by both Houses of Congress;
and I propose further to show that it is indorsed
by the present Judiciary Committee, and that
it has the sanction, beyond a doubt, of the
chairman of that committee in his recent ac-
tion. I piopose to prove that before I am
through, and I propose to prove that he has
placed himself on the ground of this report,
and that any action we may take, any legisla-
tion we have had or may now have must be
had upon the authority of this report if at all.
In order that the report may be understood I
will ask the Clerk to read the majority report
on the credentials of Mr. Hill, and then I pro-
pose to show what action has been had under
that report.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Stewart from the Committee on
the Judiciary on the 25th of January, 1869:
"The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the credentials of Joshua Hill, claiming to
bo Sonator-elcct lroiu. Georgia, beg leavo to submit
tho following report:
"The credentials referred to your committee are
in the usual form, and if the State of Gtorgia is enti-
tled to representation in Congress Mr. Hill ought to
bo pormitted to take his seat.
"From tho fact of tho reference your committee
feel culled upon to go behind the credentials to ascer-
tain if any reasons exist why Mr. Hill should not bo
admitted to the Senate.
" On the21stofMay, 1868, the President transmitted
to Congross a proposed constitution for the State of
Georgia which hud been framed by a convention
assembled under tho reconstruction acts of Congress
and ratified by the people. On tho 25th of J uno tal-
lowing Congress passed an act which, among other
things, provided for tho admission of Georgia to
representation upon compliance with certain condi-
tions therein named, tho most important of which
was that tiiu Legislature of Georgia should duly
ratify the iimcmmcnt to tho Constitution of tho
United States known as the fourteenth amendment.
The act further provides that after compliance with
the lequired conditions 'the officers of said State
duly electcd and qualified under the constitution
hereof shall bo inaugurated without delay; but no
person jnohibitod from holding office under the
United States, or any State, by section three of tho
proposed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, known as article fourteen, shall bo
deemed eligible to nny office in said State unless
relieved from disability as provided in said amend-
ment.'
" The obvious design of this provision was to pre-
vent the new organization from falling under the con-
trol of enemies of the United States, so as to defeat
the reconstruction of the State.
"The right of Mr. Hill (if regularly elected) to a
seat in the Senate depends upon throe important
considerations;
" First. Bid the Legislature of Georgia, regularly
organized in accordance with tfte Constitution of the
United States, the laws of Congress, and the consti-
tution of Georgia, duly ratify the fourtoenth amend-
ment and com ply with tho vaiious conditions imposed
by the act of Ju.«e 25,18Q8?
' Second. Have tho Legislature and people of
Georgia, subsequent to such compliance with said
acts of Congress, committed such acts of usurpation
and outrage as to place the State in a condition unfit
to be represented in Congress?
" Third. Whether, on the whole case, taking the
action of Georgia both before and since the pre-
tended ratification of the fourteenth amendment, a
civil government has been established in that State
which Congress ought to recognize?
These questions must be answered by tho law and
the facts. , ,
"The district commander, General Meade, by si
general order dated June 25,1868, declared the result
ofthe election, Rufus B.Bullock being elected Gov-
ernor, and among the members elected to the Legis-
lature in that order were thirty-one colored men—
three senators and twenty-eight representatives. (See
Exhibit No. 1.) By a proclamation ofthe Governor-
elect, in pursuance of the act of June 25,1868, the
Legislature of Georgia convened on tho 4tli of July
following. On the 8th of July the organization ofthe
two houses was effected, and all persons declared
elected were allowed to take their seats.
"When the Governor-elect was notified of the
action ofthe two houses he addressed a communica-
tion to General Meade, commander of the district,
informing him of the fact, and also that it was alleged
that a number of the membcrsof the General Assem-
bly who had taken their seats, and one or more offi-
cers of that body, were not eligible under the act ot
June 25,1868, by reason of thoir having taken an
official oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and subsequently had given aid and com-
fort to the enemies thereof. General Meade on the
same day replied to the communication, and among
other things desired the Governor-elect to commu-
nicate to the Legislature that he would not recognize
any act of that oody as valid or allow the same to be
executed until satisfactory evidence was produced
that all persons excluded by the fourteenth amend-
ment were deprived of their seats in both houses;
whereupon the two houses went through the form
of an investigation. But from the evidence before
your committee the investigation does not appear to
have been conducted in good faith, or with any inten-
tion cither of finding the facts or of excluding per-
sons known to be disqualified. A committee was
appointed in each house, in the senate the major-
ity of the committee found all the members qualified,
but there was a minority report which gave an ab-
stract of tho evidence and found four senators dis-
qualified. The evidence consisted of the admissions
ofthe senators themselves, which, if true, they should
have been excluded. Yet the senate passed a reso-
lution, under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, admitting them all. These facts appear in the
official correspondence between Governor Bullock
and General Meade in regard to the organization of
the Georgia Legislature. (See Exhibit A.)
"There were throe reports in the House. The ma-
jority report found two members disqualified; one
of the minority reports found still another member
disqualified, butthe other minority reportfound that
all wero qualified. The last report was adopted by
tho House under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. To illustrate the manner in which the investi-
gation was conducted a copy of the proceedings of
the Legislature on the 16th, 17th, and 18th days of
July, 1868, as reported in the Atlanta Daily Era, and
forwarded to the Stato Department, is attached to
this report. (See exhibits A, B, and C.) It is alleged
that an impartial investigation would have shown
from thirty to forty members of the Legislature dis-
qualified under the fourteenth amendment; and
although your committee have notbeen able to fully
investigate this matter, from the evidence before
them they have little doubt that the number was
large, as the ^exhibit hereto attached will tend to
establish, l^or the purposes of this report, however,
your committee did not deem it necessary to ascer-
tain tho number of disqualified persons admitted.
But the fact that any were knowingly admitted was
not only a violation of the fourteenth amendment,
and a failure to comply with tho requirements of
Congress, but manifests a disposition to disobey and
defythea.uthority of theUnited States. It onecould
bo admitted why not all? And will it be contended
that if the entire body had been composed of men
who had usurped the functions of the Legislature
against the express provisions of the reconstruction
acts they could have complied with the provisions
of those acts so us to create any obligation on the pai t
of Congress to receivethcir Senators anddlepreseut-
atives?
" Your committee aie of opinion that the act of
June 25, 18t>8, which required that the constitutional
amendment should be duly ratified, must be held to
mean that it must be ratified by a Legislature which
has iu good faith substantially complied with all the
requirements of law providing for its organization.
It is true that after this pre tended investigation by
tho two Houses of the eligibilty of tneir members
tho^district commander recognized the validity of
their proceedings, and permitted the State officers to
be inaugurated and the State government to go into
operation. On the 21st day of July the Legislature
passed a resolution of ratification of the fourteenth
amendment and the other resolution required by the
act of June 25, 1S68.
. " On the 28th of July, 1868, the Legislature wen t in to
joint convention for the election of United States
Senators. Joshua Hill received 110 votes, Joseph 13.
Brown 9i votes, and A.II.Stephens3 votes, where-
upon Mr. Hill was declared elected United States
senator for the term ending March 3,1873.
" It is quite probable that Mr. Hill received votes
[ of persons who were not qualified to hold seats in
! the Legislature more than sufficient to constitute his
i majority and secure his election, but your commit-
