1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the law regulating this matter is defective in
that respect that clause of the law ought to be
repealed, and the publication sent again to the
Slate Department, where it ought to be. if
placed under the control of the Secretary of
State I have no doubt that official copies of the
laws will be furnished with great promptness
to the newspapejs selected for their publication.
And this doubtless would correct another evil
which was mentionedby the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island ; that is, the publication in
obscure newspapers. Being under the control
of the Clerk of the House, it is very probable
that he is guided in his judgment very much by
the recommendation of the members of the
House who might desire to have the laws pub-
lished in their respective districts; and as they
can be published in but two papers in each
State under existing laws, it may be that the
laws are published in an obscure newspaper,
under the inflaence of the Representative of
the particular district iu which that newspaper
may be located.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Iowa if that was not precisely
the case when the publication of the laws was
under the control of the State Department?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Did not the
Secretary of State depend entirely on the rep-
resentations of the delegation from the State?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. I think at
that time one newspaper at the capital of the
State was uniformly selected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator will find, if he inquires, that the Sec-
retary of State always asked of the delegation
in what newspapers they desired to have the
laws published.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe that is true; that
the Secretary of State did inquire, not of the
members of the House alone, but of the Sen-
ators and members from a State jointly, and
that resulted in a conference between the mem-
bers of the House and the Senate before the
recommendation was made.
Mr. HOWELL. I suggest to my colleague
that the real difficulty about the publication of
the laws in obscure papers arises from a dif-
ferent source. The amount of compensation
allowed for the publication of the laws will not
justify their publication in newspapers that
have any business to do. Therefore they are
published in obscure newspapers in out of the
way places.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be true in some
eases; but I am rather inclined to think that
very few newspapers ever decline to publish
the laws where they have the opportunity. If
the ordinary advertising space in the paper is
worth more than the price paid by the Govern-
ment for publishing the laws, they usually print
the laws in a (supplement or a separate sheet,
and circulate them in that mode.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to say to the Senator
from Iowa that a remark which he has made
would seem to reflect on the officer of the
House having charge of the publication of the
laws for the delay in sending them out- My
impression is, from a reading of the law, that
it is made the duty of the State Department to
furnish the Congressional Printer with a list
of all the newspapers in which the laws are
published, and it is made the duty of the Con-
gressional Punter to forward, as fast as they
are published, copies of the laws to the several
newspapers whose duty it is to publish them.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that the existing law?
Mr. SCOTT. That is the existing law, as
I am informed.
ilr. HARLAN. That may be so ; and if
so, no very great delay would occur. If the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania is cor-
rect in the information which he has furnished
the Senate there would be no very great delay,
and the laws would, therefore, probably be
published in this form long before they could
be published in pamphlet form. I know from
personal observation what other Senators must
have noticed, that the officers of the Government
rely, in the first instance, on this official pub-
lication in the newspapers. You can hardly
go into the office of an officer of the Govern-
ment anywhere who has not now clipped out
of the newspapers and pasted in a scrap-book
the laws we have been enacting during this
session ; at any rate all the laws that relate to
the duties of his particular office. Here in
Washington, under this reeent mode of pub-
lication, they may obtain copies of the laws
from the Public Printer; I am not sure how
that is; but the officers in the country, stretch-
ing from the Atlantic to the Pacific, of course
cannot procure them in that way. I think it
would be better to reject the amendment
adopted by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and continue the publication as
proposed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the practi-
cal question is not as to the facility of getting
the laws here iu Washington. We all know
that the position of office-holders here, heads
of Departments, and others, is entirely differ-
ent from that of office-holders or of the peo-
ple throughout the country. They are near
the legislative body; they may have day by
day documents that we publish ; and they may
know at once when a law is passed. That is
not the case with the States and Territories,
and, indeed, with any place at a distance ; and
that I submit is a practical difference between
the general public throughout the country and
office-holders here in Washington, to which
allusion has been made.
Now, with regard to the duty or propriety of
this expenditure, I may say that from tnne to
time I have had serious doubts. It seemed to
me large, and then the publication in news-
papers seemed to me at times very ineffi-
cient; but as often as 1 have reflected upon it
I have tound myself controlled by a rule of
law which it appeared to me we could not dis-
regard. By a rule of law, we hold that every-
body knows the law : " ignorance of the law
excuses no man." That being the maxim from
which theie is no departure, which is univer-
sal in its application, does it not belong to the
Government to take such steps as it can to
supply throughout the country the means of
knowing the law? How can that be done,
except as has been done habitually in times
past, by selecting newspapers in different States
that shall publish officially tile lawsofCotigress?
I admit that the mode is comparatively in-
efficient. I admit, also, that it is expensive.
But, sir, will you be good enough to tell me
any other way in which the object can be
accomplished? You cannot distribute the
daily publications that are on our tables of
the laws as they are passed. Those might go
to a few favored individuals; they would not
go to the public. It is only through the news-
papers and through official copies that the
public will be reached.
Now, unless I am mistaken, lawyers, busi-
ness men, persons in a community who have
occasion to know the legislation or keep in-
formed of the legislation of Congress, take the
paper that publishes officially the laws ; or, if
they do not take it and become subscribers for
it, they know of its existence. They know
that if they have occasion they can always find
in that paper an official copy of the laws.
Every lawyer, for instance, m a State knows
it, and if ho has any occasion to apply a law
he at once, by telegraph or by letter to the
publisher of the paper, asks for it, and if it
has been published he receives it. So long as
the old system is continued every one in the
State knows where he can get an act of Con-
gress after its passage.
But if you repeal this provision I know not
how any citizen can know what we are doing
in the way of legislation until the session is
over and our pamphlet laws are published,
which I believe is some two, three, or even
four months after the close of the session. I
doubt whether Congress will do its duty to the
people, and whether it will adequately recog-
nize what I have said is an unquestioned rule
of law, requiring every one to know the law,
if it does not in some way provide the means
for the people knowing the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, that the Senate
may see how little information is communi-
cated by the publication of the laws in the
newspapers. I will state that I have sent to the
Secretary's office for a copy of the files of a
newspaper in this city that publishes the laws
by authority, and I have it before me; and
this is bat a sample of the way in which this
publication is made in other places. I ask the
attention of the Senator from Iowa, who says
that the people resort to the newspapers to
find out what the law is. Here is a paper
published in the city of Washington whicl! pub-
lishes under the head of "official'' the "laws
of the United States, passed at the second ses-
sion of the Forty-First Congress;" and under
the date of May 23 it publishes—and this is
the first law it has published—-the very first act
we passed at this session, and that act passed
on the 22d of December last. A law that we
passed on the 22d of December, 1809, does
not appear in the newspaper which is author-
ized to publish it until the 23d day of May,
1870, five months after it was enacted, and
more. The last law that is published officially
in this paper is public act No. 13, the date
of which is not given. The date is left out;
but the one before that, public act No. 12,
was passed February 5. We have passed
sixty-live public acts that are printed- in the
documents I hold in my hand, and up to the
present time only thirteen of them have been
published at all in this paper, and it was five
months after the enactment of the first law
before it went into the paper.
Of what sort of use to anybody is the public-
ation of the laws in that way? And this paper
is not singular in thisrespect. If you will turn
to the papers in Iowa or in my own State which
publish the laws of the United States by au-
thority I venture to say you will find that they
are as much behind as this Washington city
paper. Can anybody tell me why you should
pay a newspaper in Washington for publishing
a law that has been a law for five months?
The last law they have published was passed
away back in February.
Sir, nobody learns what the law is from these
newspapers "by authority," as it is said, or
''officially," The current news of the day,'
the important laws, are published in all the
leading newspapers of the country; and that
is the answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts. It is through the news-
paper press of the country, by the' telegraph
going to all parts of the country, that the peo-
ple know what is going on in Congress. All
the important laws are telegraphed from this
point. Those that are not telegraphed are
published as matters of news in the great lead-
ing papers of the country and disseminated
among the people.
I am sure that this is a complete answer to
the suggestions of the Senator from Iowa; and
if he will look at this paper he will see that he
can get no information from the publication
of the laws there.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Illinois whether the late publi-
cation of the laws in this Washington paper
goes to prove that it is not important to have
the laws published in the different States as
fast as they are enacted, or whether it proves
that there is something defective in the system
by which they are not sent out in time or fur-
nished to the papers in time. It may be that
sometimes the papers themselves are derelict,
and do not publish the laws as soon as they
receive them. What I want him to answer is
this : how that goes to disprove the importance
and the necessity of having the laws published
in one or more papers in every State as soon
as they are enacted, or as soon as may be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will say in reply to
