1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
tee do not propose to investigate that question. The
election and qualification of members of the Legis-
lature, where the existence of any Legislature au-
thorized to act as such is not involved, cannot be
inquired into by the Senate in determining the right
of a Senator to his seat. Your committee hold that
the question involved in this easo is not whether
persons not entitled to seats in the Legislature were
leceiyed by that body and allowed to vote upon the
election of a Senator, but whether the body assum-
ing to be the Legislature violated the conditions
upon which it was allowed to organize by permitting
disloyal persons to participate in its proceedings. In
may be contended that although the matters here-
inbefore set forth constitute a failure on the part of
the State of Georgia to comply in every respect with
the reconstruction acts, yet Congress ought to waive
these slight departures and admit their liepresenta-
tives. But an examination into the subsequentpro-
caedings of the Legislature of Georgia, and the dis-
organized condition of society in that State, leads
your committee to the conclusion that all these vio-
lations of law were in pursuance of a common pur-
pose to evado the law und resist the authority of the
United States.
"The colored members in the organization of the
Legislature, as has been stated, were allowed to take
their seats. On the 9th of July, 186S, the day after
such organization, the following action was had in
regard to the three colored senators:
'"Mr. Welch moved that tho action taken on yes-
terday in regard to the eligibility of ccrtaiu members
be reconsidered. Agreed to.
"'Mr. Sherman moved to strike out that portion
of Mr. Candler's resolution which refers to tho eli-
gibility of Messrs. Campbell, Wallace, and Bradley.
Mr. Candler moved to lay the resolution and amend-
ment on the table.
" ' Mr. Bradley, being entitled to thefioor, resumed
his speech of yesterday, m opposition to the amend-
ment of Mr. Candler, and foilowod by Mr. Campbell.
"'The matter was finally referred to the com-
mittee on privileges and elections.'
"Thus this vexed question was quietly smothered
for the time. But Mr. Candler, on the 2oth of July,
(a few days before the senatorial election,) offered the
following resolution; which was laid on the table:
"' Whereas ex-Governor Joseph E. Brown, one of
the ablest lawyers in tho Republican party of Geor-
gia, as well as other persons, distinguished for their
knowledge of constitutional law, held during the
late canvass that persons. of culoi were not entitled
to hold office under the existing constitution; and
whereas such persons hold seats as senators on this
floor; and whereas there are laws ot vital import-
ance to the people of Georgia to be onacted by the
General Assembly, the validity of which should not
be made uncertain because of a participation in
tiieir enactment by persons not entitled under the
constitution to so participate : Therefore,
" Be it resolved. That the committee on privileges
and elections be directed to inquire into the eligibility
of <he several peisons of coior holding scats as sena-
tors and report a.t the earliest day practicable.
"' Mr. Hungerford moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
" The motion prevailed.'
"The question remained unsettled until after tho
senatorial election and tho adjournment of Congress.
But on the 3d of September. 18G8, the house of rep-
resentatives of Georgia expelled twenty-tour of its
members on account of color, and subsequently ex-
pelled two more for the same reason, and on the 11th
day of same month the senate expelled two of its
members for a like reason, making twenty-eight
members of the Legislature that were expelled by the
two houses without authority of law. For a full
account of these proceedings see Exhibit I).
"After the expulsion of the colored members the
persons who received tho next highest number of
votes for their places, under what is known in Geor-
gia as the Irwin code, were permitted to take their
seats; but no investigation as to their eligibility
under the fourteenth amendment appears to have
been had. (See Exhibit D.)
"Your committee are of opinion that under the
constitution of Georgia there is no distinction in the
right to hold office on account of race or color, and
they are quite confident that such was the opinion of
Congress at the time it approved that constitution.
"This act ot injustice and oppression denied the
right of representation of a whole race, constituting
nearly one half of the people of Georgia. It will not
be contended that there is no power m this Govern-
ment to restrain in some form an outrage of this
character. It certainly furnishes a strong reason
why Congress should not at this time overlook the
irregularities in the organization of the Legislature
of Georgia and admit her Senators to representation.
And this is not all. Your committee have examined
the official reports of the various officers connected
with the Freedmen's Bureau in Georgia, and find
reported three hundred and thirty-six cases of mur-
ders and assaults with intent to murder upon colored
persons by the whites, from January 1,186S, to No vem-
bcr 15 of the same year. For all of which there has
been no legal redress and scarcely any effort whatever
c n the part of the authorities to punish the criminals.
"And it is stated by these officers that they are un-
able to report fully as to the number and character of
these outrages on account of intimidation of witnesses
which is practiced by the perpetrators of crime.
Yuur committee have no source of official informa-
tion as to outrages committed upon loyal whiter, but
it is represented by various and numerously signed
petitions and memorials from the loyal people of
Georgia that they arc constantly exposed to violence
and are without protection ot law. It is a matter
of public notoriety that loyal white men are perse-
cuted, murdered, and driven from their homes.
Several membeis of the Legislature have been com-
pel led to take refuse at the capital of the State, where
the national troops are stationed, to avoid the vio-
lence of the enemies of the United States. The
unlawful and vindictive conduct of the Legislature
tend to confirm these statements and reports, and
exclude all hope that the new civil government will
afford adequate protection to life and property. Since
the withdrawal of tho military crime has greatly
increased, while punishment for crime has dimin-
ished. Wherefore your committee feel called upon
to recommend that Mr. Hill be not allowed to take
a seat in the Senate for the reason that Georgia is
not entitled to representation in Congress, and sub-
mit the accompanying resolution:
"Jtesohed, That Joshua Hill, claiming to be Sen-
ator-elect from Georgia, ought not now to bo per-
mitted to take a seat in this body."
Mr. STEWART. It was contended by the
Senator from Illinois yesterday that the reason-
ing (W this report did uot have the sanction of
a majority of the committee, and that after it
was made there was no farther action taken in
the premises, and that itshould have no weight.
It is true that several members of the commit-
tee did qualify their assent to the report; but
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] who
made the recent report gave his adhesion to
the reasoning of that report.
There are two propositions distinctly stated
in the report. The leading one is that Georgia
had refused to comply with your reconstruction
acts by not excluding from the Legislature per-
sons who were disqualifiedunder the fourteenth
amendment. It was an express condition in the
act of 18G8 that no person should be allowed to
enter on the discharge of the duties of office who
was disqualified under the fourteenth amend-
ment. It was very manifest, and it is now very
manifest, that the Georgia Legislature, not in-
advertently but designedly, defied the power
of Congress and admitted a large number who
were disqualified. I undertake to say now, as
I did then, that Congress was not compelled to
overlook that. It probably would have over-
looked it if the subsequent conduct of that
Legislature had indicated that it was an inad-
vertence j but its subsequent conduct in expel-
ling the colored men made it too apparent that
its original defiance of the authority of the Gov-
ernment was not an inadvertence; and the Con-
gress of the United States have so held. They
have held that that organization was illegal,
and in the act of the 22d of December last you
went back of that organization and disregarded
it. Why pass that act if the Legislature was a
legal body?
If it were merely the exclusion of the colored
men that was complained of why not reinstate
them and stop there? No; you passed an
act to promote the reconstruction of Georgia,
by which you provided for going back to the
returns that were made to the commanding
general at the original election, not to any point
after the Legislature had met, but going back
of any organization to the election, and taking
the proclamation of General Meade and requir-
ing the Governor to call together the persons
elected to the Legislature as proclaimed by
General Meade. You ignored any action sub-
sequent to the election and to the proclamation
of General Meade as to the persons who were
elected. You authorized the Governor to com-
mence away back in April, 1863, the time of
the election, and to call together the persons
who were then elected to organize the Legis-
lature ; and why did you do it? Because you
determined that the organization effected in
July, 1868, was illegal. That is the reason.
Now allow me to call your attention to the
fourth section of the act of December 22, 1809 ;
"That the persons elected as aforesaid and enti-
tled to composesuch Legislature, andwhoshall com-
ply with the provisions of this act, by taking one of
tho oaths or affirmations above prescribed, shall
| thereupon proceed, in said senate and house ot
! representatives to which they have been elected
| respectively, to reorganize said senate and house
i of representative* respectively, by the election and
; qualification of the proper officers of each house."
| You required them to come forward, be
i sworn in, and elect officers of the respective
■ houses. Is not that a complete and absolute
! repudiation of this sham organization wherein
they defied your authority ; and have not both
Houses of Congress passed upon that question ?
Are we to descend in this case to the little
argument of whether an actof the Legislature,
counting how many disqualified persons there
were, would be valid or invalid? Are we to
see how the disqualified men voted and for
whom, and recognizing it as a Legislature?
Then you had no right to go back in this way
as you did by the act of December 22, 1869.
Messrs. Hill and Miller, if there was a legal
organization at the time they were elected, are
entitled to their seats whenever the State is
admitted; and we oughttohave admitted them
a year ago if they were entitled to seats; but
the Committee on the Judiciary reported that
they were not entitled for the reason that
Georgia had not in good faith organized her
Legislature; and both Houses of Congress
thereupon passed a bill requiring it to be reor-
ganized from the beginning, disregarding its
whole action, going clear back to the parties
who were originally elected, reassemblingthem,
resummoning them, to be organized into a
Legislature. I should like to know upon what
theory this act was passed if it be true that
there was a legal organization in the first in-
stance.
Now, Mr. President, there is no doubt that
the Legislature and all the proceedings in
Georgia are provisional only, and will be pro-
visional until Senators and Representatives
are admitted from that State by the two Houses
of Congress. That was declared in the act of
1867, and has been declared in all the acts
from that time until now. It was upon that
theory, and that theory alone, that Congress
still had control, that the act of December 22,
1869, was passed. It could be passed upon no
other theory. But the Senator from Illinois
says that we did not require of them in this act
to ratify the fourteenth amendment, although
we did require of them to ratify the fifteenth
amendment. I would call the attention of the
Senator to the fact that the act of 1807 requires
the ratification of the fourteenth amendment,
and the act of 1868 requires the ratification of
the fourteenth amendment, and neither of those
acts was repealed. This is an addendum, not
a repeal of them; and they were required
under the laws, as they stood unrepealed, to
ratify the fourteenth amendment, which they
have done, and they have also done the further
things which were required by this act of the
22d of December last.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has still further re-
cognized the doctrine that he sanctioned in
that report by the able report whi«h he made
the other day from the Judiciary Committee,
in which he recognizes that the present organ-
ization, the organization made under the act
of last December, should be accepted by Con-
gress. After having re.cited some of the irreg-
ularities, still he concludes on the whole, and
the Senator from Illinois also concludes, that
this Legislature is to be recognized. I say that
this Legislature was the first organization of a
Legislature that can be recognized. Now, I
propose to prove that the Senator from Illinois
is of the same opinion.
I hold in ray hand the bill before the Senate,
and I want to call the attention of the body to
it. It is House bill No. 1335, and it was re-
ported by the Senator from Illinois, and has
the assent of the entire committee except as
to the first proviso. I believe there is nd dis-
sent to the bill except as to the first proviso.
The rest of the bill is agreed to as reported
here by the committee. I desire to call atten-
tion to this bill. I know the bill is in perfect
harmony with all the reports the Senator from
Vermont has made. I know this bill is in per-
fect harmony with the position he has taken,
but it is not in harmony with the idea that there
was organized in Georgia a legal Legislature
in 1808. 1 will read the preamble:
Whereas the people of Georgia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which
