1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
is republican; and whereas the Legislature of Geor-
gia elected under said constitution has ratified the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States; and. whereas the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith is a
condition-precedent to the representation of the
State in Congress.
Now, I, should like to inquire if the ratifica-
tion of the' fifteenth amendment, which had
not been proposed in 1868, was a condition-
precedent, how there could have been a legal
Legislature at that time; how Georgia could
at that time have been entitled to representa-
tion if the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment was a condition-precedent? The fifteenth
amendment had not been proposed then. Now
it is stated that the ratification of both the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments was a con-
dition-precedent. Did she ever comply with
that condition-precedent until last month ? Is
there any evidence that the fifteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution was ratified by any
Legislature in Georgia in July, 1868? It is
declared in the report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee that the ratification of it was a condi-
tion-precedent. She certainly had not complied
with that condition at that time. So I must
conclude that it is pretty unanimously agreed
now that there was no Legislature that was en-
titled to representation here, because it cannot
be said they had complied with that condition.
Now I pass over to the second proviso, which
is a strong argument against the existence of
any legal Legislature, as early as J uly, 1868,
which was entitled to representation here ; _ a
strong argument against the right of Mr. Hill
to claim a seat on this floor by virtue of an
election in Georgia in July, 1808. Let me read
a portion of that proviso ;
Provided, That before any mombor of tho Legis-
lature of said State shall tako or rcsumo his seat, or
any officer of said State shall ontor upon tho duties
of his office, he shall take and subscribe and file in
the office of the secretary of State of Georgia, for
permanent preservation, an oath or affirmation m
tho form following.
If the Legislature was legally organized in
July, 1868, and the State entitled to repre-
sentation, and Mr. Hill was entitled to a seat
here, it is very remarkable that we should now
say that none of the members of the Legisla-
ture shall take or continue to hold a seat until
they have taken this oath. I believe this bill
not only had the assent of the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Vermont, but it
also had the assent of the grave and able Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Tiujeman.J He con-
sented to report this bill, which requires them
to come forward and take another oath in addi-
tion to the requirement which was provided in
the actof December last. The committee have
reported that they shall take another oath, under
the pains and penalties of perjury, or they shall
not hold their seats. It goes on with another
condition:
And provided further, Thatovory such person who
shall neglect lor a period of thirty days next after the
passage of this act to take, subscribe, and file such
oath or affirmation as aforesaid, shall bo deemed and
taken to all intents and purposes to havo vacated his
office.
And provided further, That the State of Georgia is
admitted to representation in Congress as one of tho
.States of tho Union upon the following fundamental
conditions:
First, That tho constitution of Georgia shall never
bo so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizcns of the United States of the right
to voto who are entitled to vote by the constitution
herein recognized, except as a punishment for such
Grimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted under laws
equally applicable to all the inhabitants of said State.
There is .another condition-precedent that
was not in the act of 1868, and it is proposed
now to impose it. Then you have further con-
ditions as to altering the constitution in regard
to holding office and school privileges.
So the proposition that Georgia must be
held to have been entitled to representation
by reason of the action of the Legislature of
1868, by reason of its ratification of the four-
teenth constitutional amendment, is repudiated
by everybody. You have reorganized the Legis-
lature and placed it on a different basis. The
committee have reported that the reorganiza-
tion is an endurable one and they propose, to
accept it; but they propose to accept it with
a condition which I am opposed to, and I want
to call the attention of the Senate to that con-
dition. A part of that condition declares :
But said election—
That is, the general election in Georgia—
shall be held in the year 1870, either on the day
named in the constitution of said State or such other
day as the present Legislature may designate by law.
Now, I undertake to say that of all the con-
ditions that have been suggested a condition to
fix the time when a State shall hold an election
is the most extraordinary. If a State attempted
to perpetuate its Legislature, to make it per-
petual, you might interfere to remedy that evil,
I suppose. It might be construed to cre^e an
oligarchy; and you might say that they snould
not have a perpetual Legislature. But to in-
terfere and say that they shall have an election
on a particular day is a most extraordinary
condition. It goes beyond any suggestion that
has ever been made before, I think.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
does not mean to say that this clause fixes the
day?
Mr. STEWART. The year.
Mr. CONKLING. It fixes a period within
which the election must be held. That is what
he means, I suppose.
Mr. STEYVART. It fixes a very short
period—the election must be held in 1870.
Again, there has been something said with
regard to this provision being precisely what
the constitution of Georgia is; and it is said to
be no change of the constitution, and therefore
does not hurt anything and does no harm. It
certainly interferes with a construction that a
great many men put upon the constitution of
Georgia, and it interferes with a construction
of the right of the Legislature which on close
investigation I must confess seems rather hard ;
and to that I wish to call the especial attention
of the Senate.
The constitution of Georgia provides that the
terms of office shall be for members of the
General Assembly two and four years—sena-
tors four years, and members ofthelower house
two years. It provides for biennial elections.
But in the constitution there is ,i section that
shows most conclusively that the convention
were in doubt as to the time that the State would
be admitted. We had not passed the act of
June 25, 1868, at that time. The convention
was held in the winter of 1867-C8. There was
no legislation whereby they could be admitted
until the actof June 25, 1868. The original
act of reconstruction allowed them to call a
convention, but they could only be admitted
after further legislation ; and it was very un-
certain at the time this constitution was adopted
as to when Georgia would be admitted, and
consequently the convention undertook to pro-
vide for it, and in section eleven of article
eleven they said:
" Should this constitution bo ratified by the peo-
plo, and Congress accept tho same with any qualifi-
cations or conditions, the government herein pro-
vided for and the officers elected shall nevertheless
exist and continue in tho exercise of their several
functions as tho government of this Stato, so far as
the same may be consistent with the action of the
United States in tho premises."
Showing that the time the officers should
enter on the duties of their offices was very
uncertain, depending on the future legislation
of Congress; but still they were to hold their
offices for the term for which they were elected,
provided it was consistent with the legislation
of Congress to be had thereafter. Then, while
there was no legislative action of Congress, they
adopted an ordinance, and I confess that the
full force and effect of that ordinance did not
strike me until I gave it close examination
quite recently. I had really passed over this
language ; it had been repeated in my presence
frequently, but the real force of the language
of the ordinance had escaped me. I will state
before reading it that the constitution provides
that ordinances may be adopted by the con-
vention, and they shall have the force of law
until their duration is expended, until they
have operated and accomplished their pur-
pose ; so that the ordinance must be construed
in connection with the constitution. For the
purpose of putting it in operation it is a part
of the constitution. The ordinance provides:
"And be it further ordained, That the regulations
established by Congress for voting upon the ratifi-
cation of the constitution, and for voting at elec-
tions under the provisional government, shall apply
to the election of officers as aferesaid: and the per-
sons so selected or appointed shall enter upon the
duties of the several offices to which they have been
respectively elected when authorized so to do by, aots
of Congress"—
Because it required further legislation before
they could come in—
" or by tho order of the general commanding, and
shall continue in office till the regular succession
provided for after the year 1868, and until successors
are elected and qualified; so that"—
The next clause is very important—
"so that said officers shall each of them hold their
offices as though they were elected on the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, 1868"—
Is that all ?
" or elected or appointed by the General Assembly
next thereafter."
Now, when by the constitution was " the elec-
tion next thereafter?" The constitution pro-
vides for biennial elections. The election
next thereafter would be two years from 1868.
They were to have a full term, and they were
to hold their offices as if they were elected on
the Tuesday after the first Monday of Novem-
ber, 1868, or were elected or appointed by the
General Assembly next thereafter. It will be
recollected that this convention was sitting in
April, 1868, two years ago, and they intended
that the persons elected should have a term.
That was evident. They provided that their
term should commence running from the next
November, provided—what? They could have
stopped with 1868, if that had been their only
purpose; but they were uncertain whether the
State would be admitted before the next No-
vember ; they were uncertain whether the State
would be admitted, for Congress had not acted
on the subject; so they said that they should
hold their offices as though they were elected
or appointed in November, 1870, for that was
the next election thereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where do they say that?
Mr. STEWART. They say that they shall
hold either as if elected in 1868, or as if elected
at the next election thereafter, that is 1870.
That is the plain import; there can be no doubt
about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the clause?
Mr. STEWART. I have read the clause and
I am commenting on the clause. I say if the
construction contended for by those opposed
to allowing this Legislature to continue in ses-
sion for its proper legal term can be main-
tained, no one can give any sense or meaning
to the residue of the phrase " or elected and
appointed by the General Assembly next there-
after." There would have been no necessity
for any such language. The only meaning I
can give to it is that it was intended they should
have a full term ; and I understand all parties
so accepted it and acquiesced in it until the
question was raised here. Nobody supposed
down there that it was susceptible of any other
construction.
Now, suppose Congress had not passed the
act of 1868; suppose no legislation on our part
had occurred whatever until now; does any one
believe that the parties elected would not be
entitled to have a full term ? Suppose Con-
gress had not yet acted and were not to act
until October next, just in time for them to get
together before the day named for an election,
would anybody suppose the parties elected
would not be entitled to have a full term from
the time they began to perform their functions?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose Congress were
not to act until the year after next?
Mr. STEWART. Then it would go two
years further. It was the intention to give
these parties a full term after the State should
