2896
THE CONGBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
cannot be held invalid or called in question hy the
other departments, or either of them, out every such
conclusion shall bo respected and acted upon by all
officers and people, fts valid, and decisive in itsplace,
until reexamined in somo appropriate manner pro-
vided by the Constitution, and either reversed by
tuthoriied constitutional authority, or its responsi-
le au'hors overruled or convicted of the wrongful
sxereiso of power under calor of office.
Ssc. Z. AhU be it further enacted, That the judicial
power extends only to cases in law and equity be-
tween party and party arising under the Consti-
tution, laws, and treaties of the United States, and
iocs not include the President or Congress, being tho
Dt her departments of the Government, or any of their
acts, civil or political, performed in their official
capacity, under the requirements, sanctions, and
responsibilities of theConstitotion; and allsuch acts
arc valid and conclusive on tho matters to which
they apply; and all persons concerned, including all
officers, civil, judicial, or military. are bound to re-
spect and conlorm to tjie same, and no allegation or
pretense of the invalidity thereof shall bo an oxcuso
or defense for any neglect, refusal, failure, or omis-
sion to perlorni any appropriate duty in regard to
tUeui, or any of them, by any officer of the Govern-
ment. civil, judicial, or military, or by any pejrson
whatsoever, when legally called to his responsibility
for such misbehavior, by action, prosecution, im-
peach ment, or otherwise, before any tribunal duly
authorized to examine, try, punish, or decide upon
such responsibility.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ia there any objection to
its reference to the Committee on the J udiciary ?
It should be referred,
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky obj ect to that ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think ithad better be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be done without general consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We shall get it off the
Calendar by referring it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am willing to agree to any
course to get rid of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
suppression of polygamy.
Tho next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 286) to provide for the execution of
the law against the crime of polygamy in the
Territory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARRIS. I object.
Mr. CRAGIN. Let the bill be passed over.
1 want it to remain on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
new york -vxd european' steamships.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) declaratory and
amendatory of the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for an American line of mail and emi-
grant passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports," passed July
27, 1868.
Mr. HOWARD. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
LOS8 0? JUDGMENT RECORDS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 141) to provide a remedy for the loss
or destruction of judgment records or decrees
appertaining to proceedings i n the United S tates
courts.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is important that
that bill should be considered and passed. I
hope the Senate will consider it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
it, I presume.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the original bill and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That whenever tho record of any judgment or
decree of ofuer proceeding of any judicial court of
the United States shall have been, or shall hereafter
bo, lost or destroyed, any party or person interested
therein may, on application to such court, and on
showing to the satisfaction of such court that tho
same has been lost or destroyed without fault or neg-
lect of the party or person making suoh application,
obtain an order from such court authorizing suoh
defect to supplied by a duly certified copy of such
original record, whero tho same can bo obtained,
whioh certified copy shall thereafter have tlio samo
effect as such original record would have had in all
respects.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the loss or destruction of any such rocord shall have
happened, or shall hereafter happen, andsuch defect
cannotbesupplied as provided in the next preceding
section, any party or person interested therein may
rnako a written application to the court to whioh
such rocord belonged, verified by affidavit or affi-
davits, showing1 the loss or destruction thereof, and
that certified copies thereof cannot be obtained by
the party or person making such application, and tho
substance of tiio record so lost or destroyed, and that
such loss or destruction occurred without tho fault
or neglect of the party orperson making such appli-
cation.and that tholoss ordestruction of such record
unless supplied will or may result in damage to tho
party orperson making such application, said court
shall causo said application to bo entored of record
in said court, and duo notice thereof shall bo given
by personal service of a copy thereof upon each and
every person interested therein, other than the party
or person making suoh application, together with
written notice that on a day cortain, not less than
sixty days after suoh service, said application will bo
heard by said court; and if upon such hearing said
oourt shall be satisfied that the statements contained
in said written application aro true, said court shall
make an order reciting what was tho substance and
effect of said lost or destroyed record; which order
shall bo entered of record in said court, and have
the samo effect which said original record would have
had if the samo had not been lost or destroyed, so far
as conccrns tho party or person making such applica-
tion and the persons who shall have been personally
served as provided for in this section.
8rc. s. And be it further enacted. That in all causes
which have been removed, orshall hereafter be re-
moved. to tho Supremo Court of the United States
a duly certified copy of tho record of such cause re-
maining in the said Supreme Court may be filed iu
the court from which saidoause was removed on mo-
tion of aDy party or person claiming to be interested
therein; and the copy so filed shall have the same
effect as the original record would have had if tho
same had not been lost or destroyed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I invite the attention of
the Senator from Wisconsin to the provision
, in the bill: that these proceedings, where the
: record is lost, shall have the same effect as the
original.
Mr. CARPENTER. Upon the parties who
have notice of this proceeding.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It strikes me that pos-
sibly there may be an objection to that. Per-
sons examining for a record may not be able
to find one, and they may acquire rights in
view of the fact that there is no such record ;
and if this copy is to be supplied, and to take
effect from the date of the loss, it seems to me
the rights of such persons might be prejudiced.
Mr. CARPENTER. The bill provides that
notice shall be served on all persons supposed
to have an interest in the matter, and then they
! have a hearing, and the bill then only has ef-
fect as to those who have had notice; and as
to those, of course, unless they can show some
reason to the contrary, the record should have
effect from its date.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to add the words
i " subject to intervening rights" after the word
| effect," at the end of line twenty-five, in sec-
! tion two.
i The amendment to the amendment was
! agreed to.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the committee,
as amended.
! The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended: and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title was amended so as to read: "A
bill relating to records of the courts of the
United States."
£t0be-h0cse3 on judiciary square.
• The next business en the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 87) granting the
use of the store-houses in Judiciary square to
the Women's Christian Association ot' Wash-
ington.
Mr. WILSON. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of that joint resolution, for the rea-
son that the matter has been passed upon iu
another form and is now a law.
The motion was agreed to.
OCEAN TELEGRAPHS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 115) relating to telegraphic communi-
cation between the United States and foreign
countries.
Mr. SUMNER. That bill will create dis-
cussion. Though I am very anxious to have
it acted upon I know it cannot be considered
to-day, and therefore I ask to have it passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 331) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. SUMNER. That also will cause dis-
cussion, and had better be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
descents in utah.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 3G2) regulating descents in the Terri-
tory of Utah.
Mr. HARRIS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
land district in colorado.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 177) creating an additional land dis-
trict in the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there can be no
objection to that bill. It creates an additional
land district in Colorado, where they need one
very much.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
description of the proposed land district in the
first section, in the following words:
Commencing on tho east lino of said Territory at a
point whero the thirty-ninth parallel of north lati-
tude crosses the same; thence west upon said parallel
of latitude until it intersects the rango line between
townships numbers seventy-five and seventy-six
west; thence south on said range line until tho
same intersects the thirty-eighth parallel of north
latitude; thence west on said parallel of latitude to
tho one hundred and seventh meridian of west longi-
tude.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Commencing at the eastern boundary of the Ter-
i ritory, atthe intersection of the second correction line
; south, and running thence west on that line to tho
' line dividing ranges numbered seventy-five and
1 seventy-six west of the sixth principal meridian;
thence south with the range line to the third correc-
tion line south; thence west on said line to tho west-
i ernboundary of the Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
lewis d. smith.
i The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) for the relief
of Lewis D. Smith.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatisthat? Let it be
read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
i requires the Postmaster General, in settling
[ the accounts of Lewis D. Smith, the post-
| master at Ionia, Michigan, to allow him a
credit of tho amount of moneys and stamps
belonging to the United States intrusted to his
I care, and stolen from his possession, not
I exceeding the sum of $l,8ftl 28.
