1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2897
Mr. RAMSEY. This joint resolution has
been considered by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and I hope it will be
passed. .
Mr. WILLIAMS. How did this loss occur ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Burglars entered the post
office, broke open the sate, and robbed it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is there any report
accompanyingthe joint resolution I
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
written report.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it not a House bill? It
has passed the House of Representatives and
probably the Senate once or twice before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a Senate bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a Senate bill now, but
the same bill passed the House I think in the
last Congress.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
public lands in southern states.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 73) for the dis-
posal of the public lands in the States of
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Arkansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This joint
resolution has been considered heretofore,
read, and amended, and if there be no objec-
tion it is now before the Senate ir Cammittee
of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will huve to be read
for information if it is to be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
lie it retohed, <£c. That from and after the passage
of this resolution all the public Isolds in the States
of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Arkansas shall besubjec t to disposa I under the home-
stead laws, by preemption or by location, under the
same general laws as now govern tae public lands in
other States and Territories, excepting and reserv-
ing only such reservations and grants as are by law
appropriated to public or private uses.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting after the word "preemp-
tion" the words that were stricken out by the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that the words pr&posed to be in-
serted by the Senator from Florida have been
stricken out by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. OSBORN. They were stricken out by
the report of the committee, t.ot by the action
of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. What ar& the words?
The Secretary. "By sale."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proper
way will be to move the amendment when the
joint resolution is reported to the Senate.
Mr. OSBORN. Very well.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to have the
resolution reported again.
The Secretary again read the joint reso-
lution.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the words " or by
location'' ought to be stricken out, and I make
that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. The only objection to
that is that it excepts the lands in these State?
from the location of agricultural college scrip,
and I think the holders ought to be allowed to
locate it in these States as well as in other
States.
Mr. HARLAN. Just at this time, in this
transition period, when the colored people are
struggling to acquire homes, I think we had
better. not let agricultural college scrip be
located there in large quantities. They can
just as well buy the land with money as with
college scrip.
Mr. POMEROY. But the law requires it
to be located in the States where there are
pnblic lands.
Mr. HARLAN. It will not prevent a State
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 182.
from taking up its own lands within its own
limits.
Mr. POMEROY. If it will not prevent a
State from taking up its lands -within its own
limits, then I have no objection to it; but I
think it does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to have some
■ explanation as to the effect of this joint reso-
lution; what it is intended to reach or to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And how it affects the
present law.
Mr. POMEROY. There was a jointresolu-
tion passed three years ago putting all these
lands for two years in the hands of prcemptors
or homestead settlers, and limiting them to
eighty acres apiece. It was passed just after
the war with a view of allowing the colored
people to get eighty acres of the public lands.
The two years fixed for the operation of that
joint resolution have expired, but the Depart-
ments do not yet allow in those States lands
to be located under the preemption law to the
extent of one hundred and sixty acres, but
only eighty acres. This resolution will allow
, one hundred and sixty acres to be located
under preemption or homestead in these States,
the same as in the other States. I think that is
the point.
Mr. OSBORN. That is.it; and in addition
land warrants cannot now be located in certain
States.
Mr. POMEROY. No land warrant can be
located.
Mr. OSBORN. Neither can college scrip.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, land warrants can be
: located by preemptors under the general law.
; Mr. POMEROi. I think this resolution
i| does not change the present law, but it will
|, have the effect, as I understand, of changing
j, a ruling of the Department under the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see that
i ruling.
| Mr. WARNER. If the only effect is that
; stated by the Senator from Kansas, there can
: j be no objection to the resolution; but if it is
! i intended to allow these lands to be taken up
I! by speculators or to be located upon by land
j j warrants instead of by actual settlers, I should
i certainly object to its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee struck
out all that relates to the sale of the lands;
and now there can be no scrip located. It is
confined to actual settlers, and to allow them
one hundred and sixty acres instead of eighty.
That was the intention of the committee.
Mt. WARNER. If the Senator from Kansas
will assure us that that is the only effect of the
resolution I do not know that I shall obgect to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that since
the war there has been some special legislation
in reference to the lands in these States with
a view of benefiting the colored people, and the
object of this joint resolution now is to put the
lands in these States precisely on the same foot-
ing with the public lands in the other States,
subject to preemption and homestead settle-
ments.
Mr. CRAGIN. But not to sale.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It exposes all these lands
to homestead and preemption settlement, so
that any person can take one hundred and sixty
acres as under the law applicable to other
States.
Mr. OSBORN. That is the only effect of
the joint resolution.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator from
Oregon explain how it is to benefit the colored
people ?
Mr^pTILLIAMS. According to my recol-
lection there was a provision of law that per-
sons should not be allowed to take more than
eighty acres iu any one body, so that there
should be a gradual distribution of the public
lands among the poor people of the South.
But it has been thought advisable to abolish
that restriction and allow those lands in the
i States mentioned in this resolution to be taken
like the public lands in the other States, so
! that the land laws shall have a uniform opera-
tion everywhere in the country.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on theamendmentof the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WARNER. I think this bill had better
lie over until we can have an opportunity to
examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama objects, and the joint resolution
will lie over.
pension appropriation bill.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 781) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1871-
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
i the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
'■ last clause of the bill, in the following words :
For Navy pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters of sailors and marines,
as provided by the acts of Auuust 11,1848, July 14,
1862, July 25,1866, and July 27,186S, £334,475: Pro-
vided, That the fund known as tho Navy pension
fund shall becovered into the Treasury of the United
States, and all Navy pensions shall hereafter be ap-
propriated from the general funds in the Treasury,
in the same manner that Army pensions are.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad if the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations would
explain to the Senate the nature and object
and necessity for this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is to preserve
what is known in the law as the Navy pension
fund intact. It will be seen that the bill as it
came from the House covers that pension fund
into the Treasury. The Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate think that it is best to
keep that fund as it is, a fund for the officers
and sailors of the Navy.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not understand that the
| proposition of the Committee on Appropria-
I tions wa3 to strike out a provision in the House
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir..
Mr. DRAKE. And that leaves the pension
fund intact?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
1 Mr. EDMUNDS. We have always stood by
that trust on this side of the Capitol, and I hope
we shall continue to do so.
Mr. DRAKE. I misapprehended the lan-
guage of the amendment. It is all right as
explained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say that
this subject was before the Senate last year,
and the judgment of the Senate was very de-
cided upo n it; and the committee if they had had
a contrary opinion would have felt instructed
by that action of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right; we are all
flfttisfi pfl
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
! ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
i and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
william henry otis.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 170) for the relief of William Henry
Otis.
Mr. MORTON, That may be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. HOWE. That bill has passed the Sen-
ateonce. Does the Senator from Indiana object
to it ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I do not object
to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us hear what it is.
i The Secretary read the substitute reported
