1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3841
over the column that is headed "Laws of the
United States." Sir, how many of the laws
of the United States could be published in that
little sheet which the Senator from Nevada
held up before us?
I am in favor of circulating among the peo-
ple Information as to the laws that we pass,
and also on every other important subject of
Government; but I repeat that this is a most
useless expenditure of the public money. It
makes a scramble as to what Senator or what
Representative shall select the paper in which
this donation of the Government, this, party
premium is to be given.
Senators say that the expenditure amounts
to from seventy-five to a hundred thousand
dollars a year. I will not dispute what persons
authorized to speak say; but I venture to say
it is not less than $250,000 per annum that
we pay for publishing laws which have already
been published in all the important papers of
the United States, and even in the county
papers a proper synopsis of tliem is given. I
am in favor of doing away with all these meas-
ures which create strife as to the selection of
papers equally worthy of our support. Only
two papers in the State of Illinois are allowed
to publish the laws. Both the papers to which
this printing has been assigned in that State
are respectable papers and have a respectable
circulation; but, sir, there are two hundred
papers in that State equally worthy with those
two. The consequence is that applications
come to the Senators from that State, from
the editors or proprietors of two hundred news-
papers, asking for this donation of the Govern-
ment, this preference of the Government, ask-
ing the Government to give them so much
money for doing what is of no earthly use.
Sir, the lawyer does not rely upon the news-
paper as evidence of what the law is. He gets
it from a higher and more official source. I
repeat, sir, that people turn away from that
column in the newspaper headed " Laws of the
United States" as they would from a raven
that was flying in the air. They do not read
it. They read in the editorials of their papers
what the law contains.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, whether he confesses that
his constituents are so insensible to good read-
ing that they do not read all the appropriation
bills and private acts and treaties that are pub-
lished in the newspapers? [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. Well, sir, 1 suppose if a bill
were to pass making an appropriation for the
falls at Louisville they would know that. I
meant no reflection upon the people of Indiana
when I said that they read all the laws, adver-
tisements, &c., in the papers. But, sir, I do
not think that the people in Indiana, Illinois,
Iowa, or any other State read these laws. We
have now a happy opportunity to inaugurate
a reform, to abolish this system. It strikes at
two papers that support me and have always
supported me for office ; but I say this system
is a discrimination in favor of those papers
against two hundred others, half of which have
supported me and the other half have opposed
me. There is no justice in the system. It
creates a scramble as to which Representative
shall succeed in getting the laws published in
some little paper in his district. Let us make
an equal distribution, if necessary, of this fund
between all the papers in a State, and not select
one or two favorite editors. Let us adopt the
proposition suggested by the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Howell,] if necessary, and leave it
to the proper Department to select the laws
to be published and the papers in which they
shall be published.
But, sir, the whole system is totally unneces-
sary. It is idle to talk about the necessity of
any such publication when we know that all
through the press, from the North to the South
and the East to the West, these laws are pub-
lished and made known to the people. If it
is necessary that they should be published by
the Government let the pamphlet edition ot
41st Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 241.
the laws be sent out as fast as it can be issued,
so that the people may know what the laws are
in that way, instead of confining the publica-
tion to two or three favorite newspapers in
each State.
I really believe, as a friend of retrenchment
and reform, that here is as good a place to
begin as would be the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. If we refuse to make this appro-
priation it will only hurt two newspapers in a
State. They will be deprived of a monopoly, of
a privilege whick other newspapers do not pos-
sess. The country will suffer no injury and no
harm whatever. The laws will be as well known
and as well respected as ever before. For this
reason I do hope that a new system will be
started right here for retrenchment and re-
form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whob, and the Secretary
will call the roll.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEIiOY. I beg the Senator to allow
us to take the vote. We have been three weeks
on this appropriation bill, and have spent half
a day on this question.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish simply to say that
I consider the publication of the laws of the
United States m the newspapers in distant
portions of the country, particularly on the
Pacific coast, as very important. The pam-
phlet edition of the laws is not published until
after the adjournment of the session of Con-
gress, and consequently we do not receive the
pamphlet edition until we come here again at
the subsequent session ; and then it takes us
some time before we can frank copies of it to
our friends. Now the laws are published in
two newspapers that are designated in each
State, as a general thing within a month from
the time of their passage. It does seein to me
that we ought to have them published in at least
two papers in every State, to enable the people
to have some knowledge of the laws that are
passed, sooner than they could obtain it from
the publication of the pamphlet edition or of
those editions that are published by private
parties. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. VICKERS. The Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Abbott,] if present, would
vote against this amendment, and I should vote
for it; I have agreed to pair with him.
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Spencek.]
Mr.'MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to state
that I am paired on this question with the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Bayard, JBoreman, Buck-
ingham, Casscrly, Davis, Eowlcr, Hamilton ofMary-
land, Johnston, At f:Creei;y, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Saulsbury, Soott, Sherman, Spraguo,
Stockton, Trumbull, Willey, and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Chandler,
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Itiee,
Ross, Sawyer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner,
and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Carpenter, Cat-
tell, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harris, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
ton, Nye, P^amsey, ltevels, Robertson. Schurz, Spen-
cer, Thurman, Tipton, Yiekers, arul Wilson—£5.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
-will report the next reserved amendment.
The Chief Cleiik. On page 21, line four
hundred and ninety-four, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, struck out the words
"assistant register, $2,000."
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senate will not
approve of that amendment unless there is
some information on the subject that I have
not yet received.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My information
on the subject is that the office is useless. This
officer is the assistant register of the Treasury.
An assistant to the head of a bureau is not
an ordinary thing in the organization of the
Treasury Department, or any other Depart-
ment of the Government. There might have
been a necessity for this office at onetime dur-
ing the war, but there is no necessity -for it
now.
Mr. PATTERSON. The information of the
Senator from Maine corresponds with my own.
This assistant register was appointed at a time
when the Register, Mr. Chittenden, had broken
down; his arm was lame at a time when he
was required to sign the five-twenty bonds,
and therefore this gentleman, or his predeces-
sor, was appointed as assistant register, and
he has remained there ever since, with little to
do but draw his salary. At the time I moved
this amendment I did not know who the man
was that occupied the place. He has since
been to see me, and I am satisfied that he is a
high-minded, honorable old gentleman; and
so far very well.
I will state the principal reasons that he gave
me why he should be kept in the place. First,
it would make him feel very bad to have his
seat picked out from under him. I appreciate
that. The second was that he for two years
had fulfilled the duties of chief clerk and
assistant register, and had handed over the
pay to the assistant register, who had lost his
mind. If he could do the work of both offices
for two years without any trouble to himself, I
think it was a clear loss to the Government to
be paying $4,000 for the services of an assistant
register during those two years ; and if- he
could do the work very well for two years, I
think he may do it for any number of years ;
or, if he cannot, some more efficient and active
man can. I have no doubt he is a very good
man ; but there are a great many good men in
office, and I find that it is almost impossible
to get a man out of office when he once gets
in ; and, sir, it is much easier to amend an
appropriation bill by tacking on appropriations
than by cutting off those which are already in
the bill.
The only objection to this amendment that
I know of is that it is not quite in keeping
with the amendments which have been made.
We have been adding to this bill millions in
the way of appropriations, if I am rightly in-
formed—if I am not my friend from Maine will
correct me ; and this is about the only amend-
ment that cuts anything out of the bill. It i3
not quite in keeping, perhaps, with our amend-
ments, on the whole ; still I think it had better
stand. My belief is, that any man could take
various Departments here in Washington and
run them on a contract with about half the
number of men now in the various offices, and
run them better than they are run to-day.
There is not a Senator who when he goes
through the Departments week after week does
not find clerks, and those pretty high in office,
too, with their feet higher than their heads,
reading newspapers and smoking cigars, when
they ought to be at work; and my judgment
is that we had better cut off some of them and
cut down the expenses of the Government; it
is our duty to the people, rather than to keep
these men employed here when they might be
better employed elsewhere.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will inquire whether the
head of the Department has recommended the
discontinuance of this office?
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not know, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire if the head
of the bureau has recommended it?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that this Mr.
Graham, when he came to see me, gave as one
reason for continuing him—-which I did not
think of when I was up before—that the head
of the bureau, the Register, was away a great
deal; that he lived up in Pennsylvania, and
found it necessary to be away a great deal, and
it was important that there should be an assist-
ant register to fulfill his duties.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President-
Mr. CAMERO'N. Now, will my friendfrom
Iowa allow me a word ?
Mr. HARLAN. With pleasure.
