1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47.85
vote. If nobody had told me in an official or
an unofficial way what would be the effect of a
simple act of admission I certainiy would vote
for the naked proposition to admit the State.
But I am informed, in a way that I cannot
doubt or ignore the fact, that it will be under-
stood and taken for granted that the simple
admission of the State of Georgia will extend
the term of office of per&ons elected to the
Legislature of that Slate, and also of the State
officers, two years longer than the constitution
under which they were elected contemplated.
1 hold in my hand a letter of Governor Bul-
lock, dated May 21, 1S70, printed and laid
on the desks of members ; and I ask the Clerk
to read a passage which I have marked, sum-
ming up his reasons for opposing the Bingham
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I Jim opposed to what is known as the Bingham
j'tncridraent or any proviso substantially like it, bc-
eause it t-eeks to deny to the Republican paity in
Georgia the iruits of the political victory that they
have achieved after the terrible trials of the past
two years of contest; because it seeks to restrain the
full effect of the literal execution of the reconstruc-
tion acts in such a manner as to promote the inter-
ests and the wishes of the very men and the very
party who have persistently, and by every conceiv-
n blc means and meanness;, sought to defeat those acts ;
because its adoption will be a rebuke to and will
destroy the liepublican organization which has main-
tained those acts and supported the administration
and the party in our State, and because any attempt
to hold an election there for members of the General
Assembly before those already elected have enjoyed
ilieir constitutional term of two years as a State in
the Union under the new constitution, will result in
the utter abandonment by them and by the party of
any iinther attempt to uphold and maintain the
policy which a Republican Congress has inaugurated,
si ncl which it would thus be shown a Republican
Congress has abandoned."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ifc will be ob-
served that this letter is the latest and fullest
declaration of those who are opposed to "what
was known as the Bingham amendment.
Mr. BECK. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, I will send to the desk, to be read by the
Clerk, some remarks made on this subject by
Senator Trumbull, April 19, 18G9.
The Clerk read as follows :
" VvTe have been notified in advance that thosr hold-
ing authority m the State of Georgia, her Governor
and her Legislature, intend to perpetuate themselves
in power for two yea's longer than the term? for which
they were elected. The Governor came before the
committeehavingthis bill in charge,andmadeknown
that that was his intention. The Legislature of the
State look official action, shoving that to be its in-
tention. Under the Constitution and under the law
of Congress pi ovidingfor the election ot United States
Senatois it is made the duty of the Legislature which
i? elected next preceding the expiration of the term
of servic-eof anymemberofthisbotly to elect his suc-
cessor. Under the constitution of Georgia a Legis-
lature would be elected in the fall of 18(0. The term
of service of one of the Senatois-elect from_the State
of Georgia expires on the 3d of March, 1871, and of
course his successor, under the act of Congi ess. fhould
be elected by the Legislatuie to be chosen m thoi*U
of 1870. But the Legislature chosen m April, 13'oS,
and whose term of office will expire before the va-
cancy happens-, this Legislature elected in 1868 has
not only elected two Senators to ^ fill the existing
vacancies from the State of Georgia, but it has as-
sumed to elect a third Senator, whose term of service
is to commence on the Jth of March, 1371, thereby
usurping the power that belongs to its successor, and
giving us notice that it intends to perpetuate itself
lor two years longer,
"The object of the Bingham amendment wast here-
fore to compel au election, in accordance with the
constitution of Georgia, next fall, and prevent this
usurpation for two years ; and it was a wise provis-
ion in that respect. It was wise because unless some
such provision as that is adopted we arc m great
danger of civil war in Georgia. Is it to be expected
that the people who elected a Legislature for two
years in 1S66 will be content that that Legislature
•duillcontinue in power unlii 1&72? And if Congress
take no action, Ss there not_gre.it danger that the
people next fall, uudcr their constitution, as taey
Lave ;i light to do, will assemble and elcct another
Lcgi-iature? And then you will have a conflict in
file rilale of Georgia, and a civil war perhaps may
gr- w out of it. This country lia« had enough oi
bloodshed and enough of civil war to make us all
desire to do everything in our power that wc honor-
abb can to avoid it. Hence I sav the provision
known as the Bingham amendment was a wise pro-
■\ won to prevent such a state ot things occurring in
that State. . .
"In mvoiiinion it iJ a ma tier of a* clear demonstra-
tion as iiiiv lei"! pi o posits on can be I Hal the Lcus-
Uture'oi' Geoiyia hsiMio anthonlv whatever to pro-
long its tenu be) oiul the oceund \\ ea nec-day of J au-
uury IK xt.''
41ST Coxu, 2D SESS.—No, 300.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will be ob-
served that the letter of Governor Bullock
assigns four reasons why the Bingham amend-
ment or any similar amendment should not be
adopted. The first is substantially because it
would snatch from the Republican parly of
Georgia ''the fruits of their hard-earned vic-
tory/' That is a good political reason; but
is it a good reason to influence our action as
members of this House on the right of Geor-
gia to representation? The second reason is
because the adoption of such a proposition
will delight the party opposed to the Repub-
lican party. That is another good political
reason; but ought it to prevail here? The
third reason is because it would be a rebuke
to the Republican organization of the State,
and would tend to destroy it. This is another
good political reason. I should be sorry to see
that organization destroyed. I should be sorry
to see it "rebuked" for any of its proper acts.
But I ask -whether this is tbe proper occasion
to administer rebukes or withhold rebukes in
matters of this sort? The fourth and final
reason, and tbe only reason which can appro-
priately be addressed to us as legislators, is
that the adoption of the Bingham amendment
would deny to the members of the Legislature
of Georgia the. two years of legislative service
to which they are entitled.
This reason is deserving of some consider-
ation. In consideiing it I ask attention tor a
moment to the constitution under which this
election was held. This constitution provides
in the third article, first section, that within
sixty days after the adjournment of the consti-
tutional convention the first election for sen-
ators and members of the Legislature shall be
held, and that there shall be an election every
two years thereafter. The declaration of the
constitution is not that every man elected shall
enjoy a full two years' term. The declaration
of the constitution of Georgia is as follows :
"The election for members of the General Asscm-
1 bly shall be held on the Tuesday after the first Mon-
' day m November of every second year, except the
first election."
It is further provided that the first election
shall be held within sixty days after the adjourn-
ment of the constitutional convention. That
convention adjourned on the 11th of March,
1868, and on the 20th of April following, within
less than sixty days, and therefore within the
requirements of the constitution, the first elec-
tion was held.
Now, the constitution does not provide that
the persons thus elected shall actually enjoy
the title and privileges of membership for just
two years; but it declares that after this first
election there shall be an election every two
j ears. Now, the term of "two years thereafter"
falls within the year 1870; and shall we because
these members have been defrauded of part
of their two years' term violate the constitu-
tion of Georgia and declare, or imply by our
action, that there need not be an election two
years after the first? That is the question we
are called upon to determine.
But we are told that "if a new election be
held this year these men will not enjoy their
full two years.'' Neither does a man enjoy
his full term of service when by any casualty
of political life he is not permitted to take his
seat at the beginning of his terin. How fre-
quently do we see a member of this House
kept out of his s sat by an election contest until
n, few days before the final adjournment of
Congress. How ever great a hardship this may
be, can he hold over for two years into the next
Congress and enjoy his term then because he
was equitably entitled to two years service in
Congress? I do not wish to interfere in any
election that has been held or is to be held in
the Slate of Georgia : and having been notified
that our silence on this subject will be con-
! strued into an extension of the time Oi the
1 Stale officers and members of the Legislature
! of Georgia lor two years longer than they vvete
| elected for, I shall insist ot) such a proviso added
to this bill as will forbid any such construction
of our meaning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to allow me a few min-
utes more.
Mr. BECK. I will yield to the gentleman
for three minutes longer.
Mr. GARFIELD,, of Ohio. Now, Mr.
Speaker, without intending any reflection upon,
any member, I desire to ask my Republican
friends in this House, if they were perfectly
assured of a Republican victory in Georgia this
fall, if they had no doubt that our party would
be successful there next November, how many
would vote for any bill that would postpone the
date of that election for two years? I do not
believe there are a dozen men here who would,
solely on the merits of the case, vote for any
proposition thus postponing the election, if we
were perfectly secure of a Republican victory
this fall. I greatly desire the success of the
Republican party in Georgia, and throughout
the Union; but my views of party policy do
not lead me to believe in such methods of
securing success. We must now decide a ques-
tion of right, and not merely of party policy.
The right on our part to extend the term of
these offices two years implies the right to ex-
tend it' twenty years. The right on our part to
postpone the election twenty years implies our
right to empower tbe present Legislature of
Georgia to make laws for that State Airing their
natural lives. Suppose this Legislature had
been elected in 18t>2 instead of 1S68 ; will any
man s.'iy we could postpone the next election
eight years ? If we can do it for two years wo
can do it for eight years, or for twenty years.
It is a question of principle, and not of time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We propose to leave if.
as it is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us see. My
friend from Massachusetts proposes a bill which
I would cheerfully vote for without amend-
ment if it were not for the power it implies.
He says, let it be settled by the authorities of
Georgia ; let the courts of Georgia determine
the meaning of the constitution. Does he not
know that the courts of Georgia are now in
the power of that very Legislature and Gov-
ernor? I make no charges against either Gov-
ernor or Legislature. I have not read the
criminations and recriminations which have
been indulged in between the contending fac-
tions. I shall neither vote to order nor to
forbid an election in Georgia this fall; but I
shall vote to put this law into such a shape as
will leave the responsibility for the election
where it belongs, and it does i\ot belong to
this Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. 1 now yield for two minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. CON. 1 have but two minutes, Mr.
Speaker, in which to state my position; and in
order to show what is the general sentiment
outside of Congress on this subject I cannot do
better than quote the language of ex-Senator
i Foster, of Connecticut, who has most perfectly
expressed it in his address on being elected
speaker of the house of representatives of that
State. He says:
"That one State, and thpt, one of the old thirteen,
should still be unrepresented in our national coun-
cils is a matter oi deep regret. So protracted, so
unnecessary seems the delay, that many are also
regretting that there is not more wisdom and more
unanimity among those who control our public
affaus. '
i I look on all these bills, substitutes, amend-
ments. provisos, &c., as flagiant violations, not
only of the Constitution, butol'the principles of
local self-government. Geoigtahas been the fite-
batl tossed from Washington to Atlanta ; from
Hill to Bullock; from benateto House : ftom
the Reconstruction Committee to the House;
from Massachusetts to Olno; and from Ohio
to Illinois. All these bills at e part of a scheme
: to save that Republican party—"the great
