1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES*
Thursday, February S, 1870.
The House met at twrelre o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler. |
The Journal of yesterday was read. .
jackson and saginaw railroad.
Mr. BLAIR. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Journal states that yesterday, by ,
unanimous consent, I reported back from the
Committee on the Public Lands the bill (H.
R No. 471) to enable the Jackson, Lansing,
and Saginaw Railroad Company to change the
northern terminus of its road from Traverse
bay to the straits of Mackinaw, and moved
that that committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed. I only reported the bill
back to have it ordered to be printed and
recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
The Journal, as corrected, was approved.
mobile and louisiana. railroad.
Mr. FITCH, by ananimous «on8ent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1082) to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Mobile to the western
boundary of Louisiana; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
j. rtjftts tkton. 1
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1083) for the relief
of Passed Assistant Surgeon J. Rufus Tryon,
United States Navy; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
washington market company.
Mr. TANNER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate
the Washington Market Company ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
tax on dogs.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means:
Baokttd, That the Committeeof Ways and Means
be directed to iaquire into the expediency of report-
ing an amendment to the internal revenue laws
authorising and directing the assessors of internal
revenue to levy a per capita tax of $2 50 upon the
owners of dogs, for each dog so owned by them,
within their respective districts.
reclamation of swamp lands.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No 1085) to amend an
act entitled "An aet to enable the States of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
and overflowed lands within their limits," and
providing for the location and entry of the same
by actual settlers in tracts of forty acres each;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
additional bounties.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee on
Military Affairs the bill (H. R. No. 467) to re-
peal section four of the act of March 3, 1869,
entitled "An act in relation to additional
bounties, and for other purposes," with a sub-
stitute therefor, on which 1 desire the present
action of the House.
The substitute, which was read, in its first sec-
tion repeals the fourth section ofthe act of March
3, 1869, entitled " An act in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes," and
provides that all claims for bounties under the
provisions of the act cited in the third section
of said act or in this act may be presented at
any time.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 64.
The second section provides that the third
section of the act entitled "An act to increase
the pay of the privates in the regular Army and
in the volunteer service of the United States,
and for other purposes," approved August
6, 1861, be construed and declared to mean
that every non-commissioped officer, musician,
wagoner, artificer, or private of volunteers
enlisted or mustered in by virtue of the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States
and the general orders of the War Depart-
ment, numbered fifteen and twenty-five, dated
respectively May 4 and May 25,1861, issued in
accordance therewith, prior to July 22, 1861,
shall be entitled to and be paid the allowance
of $100 provided by said proclamation and
general orders, in all cases where such non-
commissioned officer, musician, wagoner, art-
ificer, or private were honorably discharged or
mustered out of service by competent author-
ity. And in all cases where such non-com-
missioned officer, musician, wagoner, artificer,
or private has died since such discharge or
muster-out the same shall be paid to his widow,
children, or father or mother, in the order
herein named.
The third section provides that the widow,
children, or father and mother, in the order
herein named, of any soldier who enlisted for a
less period than one year, and who was killed
or died in the service, shall be entitled to re-
ceive the same bounties as have been provided
by law where the soldier enlisted for two years.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I demand the
' previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homesteads to settlers.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1086 ) amendatory of
the act entitled "An act to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain," ap-
proved May 20, 1862, and of the acts amend-
atory thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and
June 21, 1866; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
metric weights and measures.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1087) to enable per-
sons who use the metric weights and measures
to transact business therein at the public offices
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Coinage* Weights, and Measures, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ALLISON also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1088) to bring
weights and measures of the metric system into
public use; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, and ordered to be
printed.
committee of elections.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask that the Committee
of Elections have leave to sit during the sessions
of the House at any time that it may be neces-
sary.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted.
captain george m." colvocoresses.
Mr. HAIGHT. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Retolvcd, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
tnested to transmit to this House all of the papers on
le in the Navy Department relating to the retire-
ment of Captain George M. Colvocoresse_ , united
States Navy, from the active to the retired list.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he insert the words "copiesof" before
the words "all of the papers."
Mr. HAIGHT. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
The resolution, as modified, was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to.
execution of the laws in utah.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Territories, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1089) in aid of the execution
of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, recommitted to the Committee
on the Territories, and, with an accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
reconsideration.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider all vote3
taken this morning; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed, to.
tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is upon the Cal-
endar of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union a bill (H. R. No. 1) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes. I am instructed by the Com
mittee of Ways and Means to ask that it be
made the special order at some time when it
can probably be considered without interfering
with the other business of the House, and at
as early a day as practicable. There is now,
I believe, a special order proceeding from the
Committee on Appropriations—the general,
legislative, &c., appropriation bill. We cannot
interfere with that. The tariff bill is set for
February 15. I do not think it would be pos-
sible to select any time earlier than a period
perhaps a fortnight beyond that date. 1 move
that the tax bill be made the special order for
the 1st of March, and from day to day there-
after until disposed of.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
know if that would supersede action upon the
tariff bill? „ .
The SPEAKER. The tariff bill is made
the special order for two weeks preceding the
time named by the gentleman from Ohio, and
of course will have precedence over the other.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have allowed two weeks
for the tariff bill.
Mr. Sohenck's motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHEN CK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was made a special order;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles wkile.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass, the bill (S. No. 82)
to pay Charles Weile for services performed
as consul at Tumbez, Peru.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Charles Weile, or of his legal representa-
tives, at the rate of $500 a year, from the 1st of
July, 1867, to the 18th of September, 1868, that
being the regular salary of consul at Tumbez,
Peru, he having discharged the duties of that
office during that time without receiving «*y
compensation therefor. .
Mr. SHELDON, of New Yoifc I  Qve
that the bill be laid on the table. '
The motion waa agreed to* WMl it was
ordered accordingly. , , .
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; andalao moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. , .
The latter motion was agreed to.
consul at vienna.
Mr. ORTH moved that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs be discharged from the further
