1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3843
Senate take a recess from half past four o'clock
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose eight o'clock
as the hour for reassembling. We ought to
have at least that long.
Mr. SHERMAN. From half past four to
hairpast seven o'clock is the usual recess, and
the dinner hour of most of us is arranged
accordingly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the recess
commence at five o'cloci;.
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, no; not five.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think from half past
four to half past seven o'clock will accommo-
date most Senators.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 thought it was nearly
five o'clock now, and that was the reason I
made the suggestion that we meet at eight. I
see it is not quite half past four, and J do not
persist in my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 24, noes 26.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us go on
and finish the bill now.
Mr. STEWART. We shall adjourn in half
an hour if we do not have a recess. I think
we had better have the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on the call for the yeas and nays,
or withdraw it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the Senate a few moments ago to indicate that
they were willing to stay in session and finish
■ the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish that understood,
because otherwise I think there will be an
adjournment here in half an hour. If the Sen-
ator from Maine is willing to take the risk of
that I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am willing to
trust the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Then let there be unani-
mous consent to an agreement that we stay
here until we get through with the bill. ["No!"
"No!"]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I made a propo-
sition some time ago for a recess ; but it was
agreed on all sides that we should sit the bill
out, and I withdrew the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We can get
through very soon if we stop debate.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have another
division and I will not call for the yeas and nays.
Another division will test the sense of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks consent that the Senate be again
counted on the motion for a recess.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that. The Chair
has counted the Senate once.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is the call for a recount
in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not except by •
unanimous consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
Mr. STEWART. Then I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion for a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the demand for the yeas and nays is too late.
Mr. STEWART. I made the call at the
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asked
the Senator whether he insisted on or with-
drew the call, and he did not answer and the
debate continued. The Chair cannot several
minutes afterward entertain a demand for the
yeas and nays. The motion for a recess is
rejected. The legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation biU is before the Senate,
and the question is on concurring in the amend-
ment, made as in Committee of the Whole,
striking out the appropriation of $2,000 for the
salarv of the assistant register of the Treasury.
Mr. PATTERSON. So much time has inter-
vened since my friend from Iowa [Mr. Howell]
made his speech that the froth of it has settled
into the general wave, so that there is very
little of it to reply to. The subs'tance of his
speech seemed to be against turning out an
Iowa man. His voice has been for retrench-
ment from the time this bill was brought on to
the floor, and I supposed that his eloquence
had reached its climax in that direction ; but I
confess'that Herod out-Heroded himself when
he got on the subject of enlarging the appro-
priations.
The Senator has intimated that the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment had not had very good
success. On this bill I think we have not bad.
We seem to have pretty poor soil to work on
in the direction of retrenchment. Everybody
is in favor of his friends; and as everybody has
got a friend, therefore the Senate seem to be
entirely opposed to any retrenchment.
Now, sir, where shall we begin? If the gen-
tleman's argument is good for anything, it goes
to the extent of keeping every man in office,
either civil or military, simply because he is
there. Sir, did not the men who carried on this
war, who acted as officers in our Army, fulfill
their duties welland faithfully? Now, because
they did their work well and did it faithfully,
are they therefore to be kept in their places
until they shall become gray-headed or drop
into the grave? That is the sum and substance
of the .gentleman's argument. He acknowl-
edges that there is ample room for retrench-
ment ; he acknowledges that there are men in
all these Departments who are not needed, who
have little or nothing to do, and who should
drop out in order that the expenses of the Gov-
ernment may be reduced and the taxes of the
peoplej accordingly reduced. Here we find a
man who is not needed, who was brought into
fill a special duty, and after the special duty has
ceased he is kept there at an expense of §2,500
a year; and forsooth, because he comes from
Iowa, this is not the place to begjn the work
of retrenchment.
Mr. HOWELL. Two thousand dollars.
Mr. PATTERSON. Twenty-five hundred
dollars, I believe.
Mr. HOWELL. No, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. Well, $2,000._ If the
gentleman was a little more familiar with what
the Committee on Retrenchment has done, I
apprehend he would not be likely to reflect
very much upon its labors. If there is a com-
mittee in this Senate that has worked hard,
worked early and late, and accomplished much,
it isthat committee ; and if he will look at the
work of the session he will find it so.
Mr. HOWELL. I will say to the Senator
that I did not reflect on their work; it was
upon their success.
Mr. PATTERSON.^ Yes, sir; and if they
have not succeeded it is because Senators have
taken the part of my friend from Iowa to-day.
Mr. HOWELL. They deserved greater suc-
cess. „ .
Mr. PATTERSON. The tax-payers of this
country demand retrenchment; but my friend
from Iowa insists that the expenses of the
Government shall lie kept up to their present
standard. We go for retrenchment. I do not
think this man is of any great importance to
the Government, and I do not think it an
insuperable difficulty that he comes from Iowa.
I presume he is a very good old gentleman. _ I
have nothing against him. I did_ not know him
from Adam when I moved this amendment
original!}'. Now, sir, let us begin here; or if
we do not begin here, will the gentleman be so
kind as to tell the Committee on Retrenchment
where they shall begin?.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not wish to be per-
sonal at all; but I have one or two remarks to
make in response to the Senator from New
Hampshire. I did not intend to reflect upon
the Committee on Retrenchment in regard to
their efforts or in regard to their desire to
retrench. I only alluded to their failure of
success as indicated by the movements we barve
had here oa this appropriation bill, ana I
thought it was a very poor consummation of
their effort to hang their success upon this
pitiful thing of taking away the salary of the
assistant register, when it has been said here,
and is well known, that that assistant regis-
ter's place will be filled within sixty days from
the time the removal of Colonel Graham is
effected, and that the salary of tho office, in
such an event as that, will be increased from
$2,000 to $2,500 or $3,000, for that is in the
order of precedents heretofore exhibited and
with which we are all familiar. Therefore, I
say that it is in the interest of economy and
retrenchment to retain Colonel Graham ; but
if with Colonel Graham, whose salary is but
$2,000,the Retrenchment Committee will agree
to dispense with five hundred more employed
in the service of the Government in theDepart-
mentshere, I will go with them, and let Colonel
Graham go with the rest; but I think it im-
proper, on some mere pretense or whim to turn
out one gentleman and leave the rest in 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to the
Senator now to let us have a vote. There
cannot be anybody who does not understand
this question certainly.
Mr. HOWELL. Very well; I will say no
more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring with the Committee of the Whole
in striking out the appropriation of $2,000 for
the assistant register of the Treasury.
The amendment was concurred in; there
being, on a division—ayes 26, noes 15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next re-
served amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 3G. The clause as it originally
stood in the bill, commencing on line eight
hundred and seventy-four, is :
For expenses of packing and distributing congres-
sional Journals and documents, and compiling the
Biennial liegistei, (including the salary of the super-
intendent of public documents,) $7,OUO.
That clause lias been amended to read :
lyor expenses of packing and distributing congres-
sional Journald and documents, (including tnosal.in'
of the superintendent of public documents, winch
shall not exceed the salary of a fourth-class clerk.)
47,000: Provided, That all acts and parts of nets
which provide for compiling and printing the Bien-
nial Register of officers and agents, civil, military,
and naval, in the service of the United States, be and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
concurred in. If any one book is useful it is
the Blue Book. We iind there the salaries
of our officers, the names of our officers, our
consuls, ministers, clerks in the Departments,
&c. It is one of the most useful books, in my
judgment, that we publish. It has a list of
post offices and postmasters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring in this amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not going to debate
this matter. 1 have said all that I wish to say
about it. The Blue Book does not give the
salaries of officers correctly. You see there
the salary of the collector and the postmaster
of New York put down at $0,000 a year, aud
everybody knows they get $50,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not knowany such
thing.
Mr. ANTHONY. You do not suppose the
collector of customs at New York serves for
$6,000 a year!
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the collector
gets something out of forfeitures sometimes, or
as an informer; but that is an exceptional case.
As a genera! rule the Blue Book gives the sala-
ries of the officers of the country, tells us who
the judges are all over the United States. 1
know no other place to find the information.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe there is noth-
ing in that book which is not furnished in as
authentic a form, and a large portion of it at
a much later date, in other publications equally
accessible to members of Congress; But 1 do
not mean to debate it.
Mr. FOWLER. I think the Blue Book
gives the salaries as specified m the law; but
