1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4787
field, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Joseph
S. Smith, Stevens, Sweeney, Van Wyck, W ard, and
"Winchester—34.
" So the amendment was agreed to."
Are all these men, and fi fty Democrats besides
who voted with them, to be told by any portion
of the Reconstruction Committee that they are
fools and not to be trusted, because of their
want of intelligence to vote properly on such
a question as this, and therefore their guard-
ians and protectors will determine for them
what propositions can bo safely submitted to
them, for consideration? It would be a bur-
lesque, if it was not an insult, to seriously pres-
ent such a proposition; and yet it seemed for a
time yesterday as though that was about to be
done.
The bill does not on its face declare that the
terms of office of Governor Bullock and his
bogus Legislature shall be prolonged for more
than two years by its passage; neither did that
to which the Bingham amendmentwas attached,
and is therefore only the more dangerous and
disgraceful, in view of the known determina-
tion of Bullock and his friends in Congress and
in Georgia. If Congress should pass the Cessna
bill, as originally submitted by him to the com-
mittee, but which he does not adhere to now,
which, in an open and manly way avows that
purpose, I might have some respect for the
frankness and boldness with which the issue
is presented and the responsibility assumed,
whatever I might think of the principle. But
that did not suit the chairman of the commit-
tee and his friends. They expect to accomplish
far greater results by indirection, and at the
same time avoid all direct responsibility before
their constituents and the country for the havoc
and ruin their act will, as they must know,
surely produce in Georgia. They have no idea
of making a manly fight, in'which they might
be hurt, when by a stab in the dark they can
safely, and even under pretense of friendship,
more effectually destroy the people and State
of Georgia.
If Congress by a direct vote should declare
that the present Governor and his Legislature
should be by congressional order continued in
power and authority for two years longer, the
constitution and laws of the State of Georgia
to the contrary notwithstanding, that people
might in the future, as they have in the past,
silently endure and submit to the outrage, ap-
pealing to their sister States of the North and
West to turn out of the national councils men
who could be guilty of such outrages against
civil liberty, and the appeal would be heard
and heeded if the people of the country are
yet determined to be iree. Therefore, the per-
secutors of Georgia dare not meet the issue;
they have already seen that people submit to
the scarcely disguised rapacity ofa setofworth-
less and needy adventurers, backed_by the mil-
itary satrap sent to their aid from Washington,
with a forbearance that has amazed them and
that has almost upset all their schemes. Men
who have remained quiet when their Governor,
as proven by his treasurer, had illegally drawn
$5-3,000 of the money of the State, when he
was seeking to coerce hundreds of thousands ot
dollars out of the people to fill the pockets os-
tensibly of Kimball & Co., of New York, when
he and his minions were so squandering the
money of the State in her great, railroads that
instead of §300,000 a year being paid into the
treasury, scarcely $75,000 a year is now real-
ized, as shown by Senator Hungeriord, or
Georgia, in his place in the senate, might be
cxpected to endure a good deal: but when in
addition to all this they contented themselves
with a calm and dignified denial of the truth of
the wholesale slanders that were manufactured
to order, and circulated for congressional con-
sumption, of murders, assassinations, and other
'jut rages on loyal men, especially loyal negroes,
it became apparent that harsher measures had
to be resorted to to force that people into acts
of hostility.
The act of December. 18f>9, was the result,
and I am free to say that the endurance of the
people of Georgia under the tyranny and op-
pression exercised and enforced under that act
surpasses anything heretofore known in Ameri-
can history. They saw Bullock, aided by Gen-
eral Terry, who had been sent by the President
with plenary power, not only overthrow the
Legislature of their State, but place a railroad
empIoy6 in the chair of the speaker and make
him (their tool) an absolute despot. They saw
nineteen duly elccted members of their Legis-
lature seized and tried before a squad of Terry's
minions, called for form's sake a military com-
mission, for no offense except their attempt to
take their seats as members in strict accordance
with and after full compliance on their part
with every requirement of the act of December
last. They saw seventeen men who had been
rejected by the people at the polls installed in
the Legislature in the places of their chosen
representatives, and all, as they knew, to white-
wash and acquit Bullock on the charges of pecu-
lation and corruption which the duly elected
Legislature had preferred and were certain
to make good against him, and to elect Fos-
ter Blodgett and his colleagues, Farrow and
Whitely to the Senate of the United States to
do the bidding of their Radical masters.
They have since seen Terry, sustained by the
President, suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in Georgia in time of profound peace, and try
persons accused of offenses committed, if at all,
long before he was placed in authority there,
before his military subordinates, denying them
the right of trial by jury in the civil courts.
They have seen him remove tlie judges of the
courts, duly elected by the people, because
they did not decide causes brought befoie
them as he desired. In short, they have seen
the most odious, mongrel, military and civil
combined despotism ever established over a
people put in full operation, with no protec-
tion for life, liberty, or property in any form
recognized by law, and have endured it all;
so that even this Congress seems unable to
exhaust their patience and power of endurance.
A new dodge had to be tried ; other means had
to be resorted to ; Bullock and his bogus Legis-
lature being in power, with Terry willing to
sustain them, if an excuse could only be found
for preventing any further expression of^the
popular will, all might yet work well. That
might be the last feather necessary to break the
camel's back, and resistance might be made
which would justify or at least excuse renewed
military occupation, not only of Georgia, but
of Tennessee and every other State likely to
vote for Democratic Representatives to Con-
gress and a Democratic President.
Some words were found in the constitution
which it was thought might serve as a pretext
for the present incumbents to base their claim
on. Of course they readily agreed to do so,^
and the bill now presented was on the 1st of
March last laid before the House. It was so
amended both here and in the Senate, as I have
already shown, as to destroy the only feature
in it which its advocates wanted, and itis pre-
sented again, and by a so-called majority of
the committee, was sought to be put through
without allowing the only amendment which
sought to frustrate their plans, as they well
knew discussion on that question would bring
defeat or at least disgrace on its advocates
when their schemes were exposed. Lest some
member of the House or of the committee may
hereafter undertake to say that he did not by his
vote for this bill reported by the chairman intend
to perpetuate the power of Bullock and his
legislature, find did not know that it was their
determination to so construe this act, and that
ray assertion of that fact was no evidence for
hini to act on, I will read what Senator Irl'M-
t.ult,. the Republican chairman of the Judiciary
Committee in the Senate, said on that subject
on the 19th day of April last, when this bill was
before that body:
"We have been notified in advance that those hold-
ing authority in the State of Georgia, her Governor
and her Legislature,intend to perpetuate themselves
in power for two years lotfger than the terms for
which they were elected. The Governor came before
the committee having this bill in charge and made
known that thatwas his intention. TheLegislature
of the State took official action showing that to be its
intention. Under the Constitution and under the
law of Congress providing for the election of United
States Senators it is made the duty of theLegislature
which is elected next precedingthe expiration of the
term of service of any member of this body to elect
his successor. Under the constitution of Georgia a
Legislature would be elected in the fall of 1870. The
term of service of one of the Senators-elect from the
State of Georgia expires on the 3d of March, 1871, and
of course his successor, under the act of Congress,
should be elected by the Legislature to be chosen in
the fall of 1870. But theLegislaturechosen in April,
186S, and whose term of office will expire before the
vacancy happens, this Legislature elected in 1868 has
not only elected two Senators to fill the existing va-
cancies from the State of Georgia, but it has assumed
to elect a third Senator, whose term of service is to
commence on the 4th of March, 1871, thereby usurp-
ing the power that belongs to its successor, and giving
us notice that it intends to perpetuate itself for two
years longer.
" The object oftheBingham amendmentwas, there-
fore, to compel an election, in accordance with tho
constitution of Georgia, next fall, and prevent^ this
usurpation for two years; and it was a wise provision
in that respect. It was wise because unless some
such provision as this is adopted we are in great dan-
ger of civil war in Georgia. I_s itto beexpectedth.it
the people who elected a Legislature for two years
in 1803 will be content that that Legislature shall
continue m power until 1872? And if Congress take
no action is there not great danger that the people
nextfall undertheirconstitution, astheyhavearignt
to do, will assemble and elect another Legislature?
And then you will have a conflict in tho State of
Georgia, ancl perhaps a civil war may grow out of it.
This country has had enough ofbloodshed and enough
of civil war to make us all desire to do everything in
our powertliatwe honorably canto avoid it. Hence
I say the provision known as the Bingham amend-
ment was a wise provision to prevent such a state of
things occurring m that State.
" In my opinion it is a nmtter of as clear demon-
stration as anv legal proposition can be that the
Legislature of Georgia has no authority whatever to
prolong its term beyond the second Wednesday of
January next."
Not only that, but within the last few weeks
Governor Bullock in his testimony before the
Judiciary Committee of tho Senate, while it
was investigating the efforts made to corrupt
or influence Senators in their vote on this bill,
swore that during all the time this bill was
pending before the Senate he was " opposing
the having of an election in Georgia, under any
circumstances, this coming fall." That he had
spent in Washington, in that connection, be-
tween the 3d of March and the 21st of April
last, $14,600; of which over fourthousand dol-
lars were spent on the Chronicle, and $1,400
were advanced to thirteen colored men, repre-
sentatives of colored members of the Georgia
Legislature who were sent here on a telegram
from Bullock to aid in influencing Senators to
vote for this bill and against the Bingham
amendment, so that they might hold their
places for two years longer in violation, as we
all know, of the plain provision of the State
constitution. I will not now go through the
disgusting details of that report and the evi-
dence to show how 810,000 of the railroad
bonds of the State of Georgia were offered for
the vote of one Senator, $1,000 for another,
an effort to force a sale of the State road jro tc-
cure a third—three times the ordinary charges
paid as black-mail to the leading Republican
paper for its apparently unboughtand patriotic
influence. The whole schemeand its managers
arc reeking with corruption, and their indorse-
ment as now proposed -frould be a stigma and
disgrace on even the most unscrupulous mem-
bers of the Radical party.
What appliances were used to procure the
votes of members of this House I know not;
perhaps the members of this body are all above
suspicion, and it is only the poor degenerate
Senators of modern times who have fallen so as
to be supposed capable of being reached through
railroad bonds and greenbacks. I find, how-
ever, an item of $lo0 50 paid by tlie Governor
for the publication of the speech of poor fallen
Whittemore last December, doubtless a tribute
to his genius merely ; at least it so appeared
at the time. J List here I may say that on ta@
