1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
to see thatFenianisra, if notopenly expressed,
is implied in the resolution of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] and in the report
of the committee. The gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Swank,] who is my colleague on this
committee, will perhaps pardon me for calling
his attention to the fact that lie has not mrown
so old as yet in his association with theDem-
ocratic party that he has utterly forgotten
some of his past record; and I imagine some
fourteen or fifteen years ago if many of his con-
stituents and staunch supporters in Maryland
had heard him express this warm sympathy
with our Irish adopted citizens his yoice would
have had a very strange sound to their ears.
He was then, if I am correctly informed, the
champion of the American organization in Bal-
timore, which was founded on the principle
that "America belongs to the Americans,"
and that our Irish American citizens have few
rights which white native-born American citi-
eens are bound to respect.
Mr. SWANN. I have never stood upon any
such principle as the gentleman hasannounced.
Mr. WILLARD. I am glad to be assured
from the gentleman's own mouth that he has
never advocated any such principle. I have
only to say that I have been entirely misin-
formed in reference to his former position : but
of course his testimony is superior to any near-
say report. I certainly cordially agree with the
general proposition he now advances, that it is
the duty of oar Government to extend its shield
of protection to all its citizens on whatever laud
they may be thrown.
But I agree, as I said before, that when he
invokes that shield as his protection, the Ameri-
can citizen must show that he is in the lawful
pursuit of his business as an American citizen.
We had in the annual message of the President,
sent to this House in December, a statement
from the Chief Executive of this country, as
follows:
" The citizen of the United States, whether native
or adopted, is entitled to its complete protection."
No person on this floor can more cordially
indorse that proposition than I do. And the
President adds:
" While I have a voice in the direction of affairs I
shall not consent to imperil that right by conferring
it upon fictitious or fraudulent claimants."
And I agree, sir, heartily, with that declara-
tion, that it is the duty of this country not to
imperil this right of protection to American
citizens, wherever they may sojourn, by the
attempt to extend that protection to citizens
who are not entitled to it and who have for-
feited their right to invoke it by their unlawful
enterprises against foreign Governments.
, Now, sir, I believe that the golden rule is as
' good for nations as it is for individuals. It is
wise for ns to say as a people that we will do
nothing and aid in doing nothing against a for-
eign Power that we should dislike to have that
foreign Power do or aid in doing against ns.
Sir, the teachings of the war of the rebellion
ought at least to settle in our minds this fact:
that established Governments have a right to
maintain the integrity of their territory; have
aright to compel their people to still remain a
part of their Government. I hold that what
we claimed for ourselves during the rebellion,
that we had a right to insist that our boundaries
should not be disturbed by the interference of
foreign or domestic foes, is no more than we
ought to concede to every foreign Government.
And, sir, onr rebellion should teach us this les-
son : that we should guard with the greatest care,
with the most scrupulous fidelity, the neutrality
and non-intervention which we are bound to
exercise in oar relations with foreign Govern-
ments. Straightforward demands for redress
are manly, but fomenting insurrections against
a foreign Government is quite beneath the
dignity or honor of this great Republic. No
greater crime against the laws of Great Britain
can be committed by a citizen of the United
States than to join a conspiracy against the
integrity of that empire; and this House should
rather teach our citizens that it discourages
than that it encourages such conspiracies.
Sir, I have no sympathy with filibustering
enterprises of any sort, whether organized for
the purpose of overturning a Government, or
of annexing contiguous islands, or for the pur-
pose of bringing into the limits of our Repub-
lic new and disorganized populations. 1 be-
lieve that the mission of this Republic is rather
a mission which it should exercise at home
than a mission which it should exercise abroad.
I believe, sir, that if we have any missionary
work to do in the way of converting the world
to the doctrines of free government and equal
rights, the best way in which we can do that
. missionary work is by setting an example to
the world of free government and equal rights
at home. I would have our people so carry
on this experiment of free government that the
sun of our institutions may be so high advanced
| in the political firmament that it shall of itself
! warm and quicken into life free nationalities
; all over the globe. But, in order that we may
i reach that grand culmination, it is of the
i utmost consequenoe that we take care that
this experiment of free government at home
; is not abused; that we take care that we do
not convert the Republic of the United States
into a propagator by force of republican insti-
tutions ; that we take care that free institu-
tions shall go forth, propagated by this ile-
> public by the force of our example and not by
I the force of our bayonets and our swords.
| I have no unfriendliness toward men of
| foreign birth, but I would gladly welcome them
| to our shores from* whatever land they may
! come. I would receive with a cordial and
. hearty greeting English, Irish, Scotch, French,
| German, Swiss, Swedes, Norwegians, and even
j the thronging thousands from China, whose
,! coming already begins to alarm the apprehen-
sions of our people on the Pacific coast. But
i I would have these emigrants come here and
j be taught after they come here that the first
I and highest concern of an American citizen is
the perfection of our free institutions and the
completest development of the magnificent re-
sources of our vast domain. I would have them
here be taught that their duty a3 well as our
duty is to dig about and water and stimulate
to a grander and more complete growth the
tree of American liberty, whose leaves, I hope,
may yet, by peaceful influences, be for the
healing of the nations.
Now, sir, I have this sympathy with Ireland,
sympathy as an individual, that I should be
glad, very glad to see the condition of Ireland
improved. But I have not any sympathy with
Ireland or with the Irish that leads me to sup-
pose that the beat way to accomplish that result
is by stirring up hostilities in Ireland or by
organizing hostile campaigns in this country
against the integrity^ of the British empire. I
am in sympathy, sir, with the spirit of this
utterance by John Bright, now a member of
the British Government:
"We have given Ireland free churches and free
schools, and I hope before long we shall give them
free land and a free vote. Ireland lies adjacent to
the most populous and wealthy island in the world.
We can buy from her all that she wishes to sell, at a
higher price than any other nation will give. We can
sell her all that she wishes to bny, at a lower price
than any other nation will take. We propose, then,
a pew conquest of Ireland, without confiscation and
without blood, with only the holy weapon of a frank
and generous justice, which is everywhere potent to
bring together nations which have long been sepa-
rated by oppression and by injustice."
I am in sympathy with the spirit of that noble
utterance; and I believe that the liberal ideas
which now rule in England, and which have
found partial expression in the recent meas-
ures of Parliament, give us hope that day is
dawning on Ireland, when as a part of the Brit-
ish empire her old renown shall return to her;
when her new orators and poets and statesmen,
no whit inferior to the ola, shall add new lus-
ter to her ancient splendid history as well as to
the history of England. And I believe that
day will not be hastened, but will be greatly,
unwisely, disastrously retarded in its coming
by any officious intermeddling of our people or
our Government with the course of events in
the British empire. We have at present enough
to do to bind up the wounds, to heal the hurt
occasioned by the late cruel rebellion against
established government at home. Let us
address ourselves to that task, and advise our
Fenian brethren, as well as all our adopted
citizens, to join us in that work, making this
country the greatest and freest nationality on
the face of the earth, the home of the oppressed
of every clime_, instead of wasting our influence
and our energies by ill-timed and ill-judged ex-
pressions of sympathy with insurgents abroad.
Mr. Speaker, I now send to the Clerk's desk,
and desire to have it appear with my remarks
in the Globe, the following letter, which ap-
peared in the Ottawa Citizen of November
! 19, 18G9. It is due, sir. to the English Govern-
! ment, when gentlemen on this floor arraign
that Government for its cruel and inhuman
treatment of its prisoners, that this letter
should accompany this debate to the country.
The letter is as follows :
lb the Editor of the Ottawa Citizen :
Sir: I have just read, and with some surprise I
confess, an address delivered in New York, reported
to have been the production of Rev. JohnMcMahon,
lately liberated from the Kingston penitentiary.
It is strange, indeed, that sufferings of the nature
represented should have been borne with so much
patience for the long period of two or three yours
and not elicit a complaint, and that in not a single
instance have they reached the ear& of either direct-
ors, warden, or other officers oftheprison. The whole
story would seem like the hallucinations of a dis-
tempered mind were it not that among a class with
whom abuse of Britain-and British institutions is
always a telling subject such an address as Father
McMahon's may prove a paying speculation.
Now, the actual facts of Father McMahon's case
are that from the hour he entered the prison until
he was liberated he never did one day's labor, llo
was saved from contact with the convict mass by
being kindly sent by the warden at onee to the Cath-
olic chapel, where his whole duty was simply to read
his breviary or any book from the library, which was
under his hands. During my numerous visits I never
saw him engaged in labor of any kind. Once 1 saw
him with a broom in hand, but whether he had been
using it or intended to use it I could not say.
Had Father McMahon but an ordinary share of
gratitude he would have abstained from stating such
baseless calumnies, sensible that he was the only
prisoner in that vast multitude, of those able to
work, who was exempt from labor of some kind or
other.
In no prison on this continent are prisoners bet-
ter treated than at the Kingston penitentiary; in
England none, I believe, so well. The diet is better
than the soldiers of the British army enjoy. Their
clothing and bedding are comfortable and abundant,
and always suited to the seasons. In a word, I would
ask Father McMahon what has been left undone
which could contribute to the moral or physical ad-
vancement of the convicts? He could hardly state
the omission, and yet he tries to excite to ill-feeling
and hostility a class of persons already ill-natured
enough against everything British and Canadian.
Is such, I would ask, the patience, the forbear-
ance, the forgiveness of a good priest?
He knows that for the benefit of the convicts a
physician of the highest eminence is attached to tho
prison; a Catholic and a Protestant chaplain, who
incessantly labor for the spiritual improvement of
their respective flocks. A schoolmaster is engaged
from morning until night in the instruction of both
young and old. The female convicts have a Catholic
matron, while the Protestants have their Protestant
ones. Of the keepers and guards, some thirty aro
Catholics; fearless, upright, conscientious men, who
if they err at all, do so on the side of humanity
toward the convicts, by occasionally overlooking
faults where they are thought to occur rather by
accident than by bad intention.
A library of Catholic books is provided for tho
Catholics, and of Protestant books for the Protest-
ants, with a considerable number of miscellaneous
books common to both. Those who distinguish
themselves by their good conduct andindustry enjoy
the reward of occupying a lighted wing of the prison,
in which they have permission to read until half past
nine o'clock at night. Tbey walk in the prison square
on Sunday afternoons. They have the privilege of
writing tneir letters in the main hall, in association
(but silent,) when all is still and quiet, and in addi-
tion their good conduct and industry are made the
means of earning the remission of asixtnpartol their
sentence. ., ...
Will Father McMahon deny that those privileges
exist, or that they are enjoyed by all who earn them,
without partiality or distinction of race, color, reli-
gion, or nationality ? ....
For over thirty years the doors of the penitentiary
have stood open to admit every visitor, whether for
curiosity or for critical inspection, that desired ad-
mission. Is it not strange that in all that time tho
cruelty, tyranny, and ill-usage complained of havo
never come to light ? Those of the United States who
havo visited it have been no less eloquent in praise
