4788
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
20th of December I had the honor to oppose
the passage of that bill on this floor, half of my
hour being before recess and the other half in
the evening. During the first half of it I was
plyed by questions of all sorts from the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Butler] and Mr.
Whittemore, and answered them, as 1 thought,
satisfactorily, announcing, as I find by reference
to the speech, that I was prepared to answer
all questions. To my astonishment, these dis-
tinguished gentlemen were both absent at the
?night session. I was, of course, ignorant of the
cause till X saw in the city papers a notice that
Governor Bullock had on the night I spoke
given a splendid entertainment at Wormley's,
at which General Butler, Mr. Whittemore, and
a large number of equally distinguished Radical
members of this House were distinguished
guests.
I was aware, of course, that Governor Bul-
lock, who out of a salary of $5,000 a year
can conveniently spend $14,000 in a mouth
and a half, and who only knows through the
reports of his secretary what sums he expends,
although he does not pay taxes on a dollar's
worth of property, and the reports of the
assessors and collectors fail to show that he
is worth a cent, had found out a better way to
secure the influence of the committee than to
have them wasting their time listening to the
exposures of his extravagance and corruption,
and that $500, or some such trifle, for the
entertainment of his friends at a grand dinner
was a mere bagatelle, so long as the railroads
of Georgia continue to make money or the
State has any fund in bank which his checks
can draw. He knows that the nearest way to
the hearts of some men is down their throats,
and he does not allow a little money to stand
in the way of reaching them. But that by
the way. I have shown that every man who
proposes to vote for this bill, as well as every
member of the committee by whom it was
reported, knows and votes intending to in-
dorse the right of Bullock and his Legislature
to prolong .their terms of office for two years,
in open, palpable violation of-the constitution
and laws of the State, while they are unwilling
to take the responsibility of saying so, as the
original Cessna bill proposed.
But if the people of Georgia should, in the
exercise of their clear legal right, attempt to
elect a new Legislature this fall, and undertake
to expel the usurpers, who are determined to
prolong their power, as every northern or west-
ern State would do at once, even if they had to
hang the last one of them to get clear of them,
the men who propose to vote for this bib, sup-
ported by the President and General lorry's
soldiery, would at once lake military possession
of the State, and pronounce their efforts to free
themselves from their usurpers conclusive evi-
dence that the rebellion was not yet ended, or
that a new civil war had been inaugurated by
the rebels of Georgia against the best Govern-
ment the world ever saw. It would do them
no good to show that the constitution and laws
of Georgia require an election to be held this
fall, rior would they be protected even by the
opinion of the Judiciary Committee of the Sen-
ate, which committee, in its report of March*,
1870, says:
"Inasmuch as it appears certain that the term of
office of the members of the Georgia Legislature and
n its State governmcntwilt expire at the same I line
the l^t clause of the second subdivision of
extension of the temoj office of the membc.j.of us
mtio^
of a republican fo™ ot government in that feUte.
which would authorize the constitutional interven-
tion of the United States to correct it; and it could
not have been the intention of the people from whose
adoption that constitution derives its authority, to
confer such a power as this construction would give,
nor could such have been the understanding of Con-
gress when it passed the act of June 25,1868; and
inasmuch as the chief body of those aggrieved by the
wrongs before stated is, upon the laith of this con-
clusion of the committee in the respects last men-
tioned, williDg to accept the existing state of things,
and as it appears to be of much importance to the
people of the whole country, as well as to the poople
of Georgia, that the final and harmoniousrestoratiou
of all the States lately in rebellion to fall represent-
ation, privileges, and responsibiliticsas members of
the Union should be accomplished at tho earliest
practicable moment, in order that the united and
friendly efforts of the whole people may be given to
the arts of peace and the means of true progress, the
committee feel justified in omitting to recommend
any further legislation on the subject of tho organ-
ization of the Legislature in Georgia."
They might even cite the opinion of tlie
chairman of the Reconstruction Committee oi
this House, when, on the 8th day of March lust,
he indorsed the conclusions of the Senate
committee, "which I have just read, in the fol-
lowing language. After quoting the portion of
the report I have given above, lie said:
" You will see, therefore, Mr. Speaker and gentle-
men of the House, that the Senate committee a::roo
with me, or rather after examination 1 agree with
them, that no legislation which wo could pass hero
simply admitting Georgia would affect tho terms of
office in Georgia."
Yet with all these authorities, backed by tho
votes of both Houses of Congress in support
of their right to have an election next fall, we
all know that the people of Georgia will be
treated as rebels and traitors il this bill passes
as the chairman of the committee proposes it,
and they attempt to hold an election this fall
without the affirmative provision contained in
the substitute of the true majority of the com-
mittee ordering elections to be held as pro-
vided in the constitution. After the report of
the Senate committee, exposing him and his
aiders and abettors, the Governor had laid
on all our desks a pamphlet addressed to the
Republican members ol the Senate and Ilonse
of Representatives, purporting to be a defense
of himself', in reply to the reflections against
him in the report of the Senate committee, in
which he distinctly avows that he and his
Legislature will hold their places for two years
beyond the term for which they were elected,
in spite of all the reports made, votes cast, and
opinions expressed, if Congress will only leave
out a positive order for an election; and with
an impudence I never saw paralleled, he'sets
forth a variety of reasons why hp spoilt so much
money in trying to have the Bingham amend-
ment rejected, and closed tue sentence witn
this objection to ii :
" Bucuu-'c any attempt to hold an election tbero
for members of llioGeiiensl A.--em6iy belore tho^e
already elected have enjoyed their consul Hlumid
term of two years ;i ; it Slate 111 tho Union under the
now confutation, will ie>uit in tl.o utter iib.iudon-
merit, by them and by the party, of any further at-
tempt to uphold and m.uut.nn the policy wmrh a
ltepublieau Uongre-"* h;n iiinitxurnied. end w.nch it
would thus be shown a ltepublieau (Jongiess naj
abandoned/'
If Bullock and his g'ang have r.ot enjoyed
their term, I do not know in what the en-
joyment of ofiieo conM«ts. They have cer-
tainly drawn all the money they were entitled
to. They have filled all ihe offices and posi-
tions of honor or p'-oSt with their retainers and
kinsmen, till, as Mr. lliingerforil, one of their
members, said the other day in their L"2;i.-;la-
ij ture, there was hardly on oltieial anywhere
ii who V,as not a kinsman of some of the mem-
bers, and f In; exhibit he made of their corrup-
tion was fiightful and revolting. _ Governor
Bullock has certainly enjoyed it, if there is
anything in the following charges, which, with
full specifications, were filed against him by
in. L. Atigier, Republican State treasurer, on
the same day this bill was first ordered to be
reported here:
" ayi, \xta, Gi:oroia, map 18,1870.
" To the ho.iorab/t; bewde and houhecomiai'tcc to iuoctf-
ifitUe ch'i/'yc*, ttv. •
"In compliance with your cxpfc-xefl wishes, I lay
before you a portion oi tho instances in which Gov-
ernor Bullock has transcended hi3 authority and
violated both tho constitution and laws of Georgia.
•'Ohargel. Thodrawing and appropriating of State
funds from the Fourth National Bank of New York,
which is a violation of paragraph one, section six,
article three, constitution of Georgia. enn
"Ohargel. The hypothecating apdselling of$28o,500
of the seven per cent, mortgage bonds ot this state,
which was a violation of the act ot Docember 13,
1806, page 10 Acts of 1860, (No. 9.)
"f arac3.The drawing of executive warrants on an
improper fund, namely, drawing warrants on tHo
printing fund to pay for printing or advertising the
Governor's proclamations, orders, etc., which is a
violation of section one thousand and forty three,
Code of Georgia. Also, the drawing of warrants to
pay for more cterlis in executive office than the law
permits, namely, part of section one of the appro-
priation act of 1869. Furthermore, m the manner
of drawing said last-named warrants, tho Governor
drawing them on tho twenty-third section appro-
priation act of 1869, which is a violation of section
sixteen hundred and thirty-five, Code of Georgia.
"I'hnrgai. The very large amounts drawn on the
twenty-third section appropriation act of 1S09, and
seventh section appropriation act of 1868, m disregard
of law and precedent. .
"Charge t>. Refusing to draw lus warrant m favor
of public printer for $10,000. as an advance on the
printing fund of 180!), although so instructed by the
house of representatives by a vote of over three to
0n°Chctrge 0. Employing an assistant librarian and
paying librarian an extra amount more than was
duly appropriated as his salary.
"Charge 7. Using and allowing to be used the earn-
ings of tho W estcrn and Atlantic railroad in a man-
ner otherwise than is prescribed in section one thou-
sand and seven, Oodo of Georgia.
"dhnroeS. Theunusual and extraordinary manner
of disbursing tho contingent fund, nearly two thirds
of which were disbursed for 'incidental expenses of
executive department.'
" {'hurtle 'J. The drawing of warrants to pay for
service;, of attorneys employed by himself to promote
p:irtivfin, pcrsoinl, and selfish ends, in violation of
section twenty-two Oodo. of Georgia.
"i'hunie 10. The violation of section sixty-one,
Code of Georgia.
"Charoe 11. The violation of his oath of office.
1 am therefore warranted in the assertion
that this bill is an effort to inaugurate ''civil
war," I might have said to inaugurate "hell,"
in the State of Georgia; and it is time the peo-
ple of the country knew it, so that they may
this fall fill the places of the men now here,
who vote for it, with other and better men who
will look to the peace and prosperity of the
country, and not to the subjugation of a State
for the purpose of enriching by their plunder a
few lying, thieving scoundrels, who bring the
money and the bonds wrongfully and fraud-
ulently acquired to Washington to corrupt the
fountains of justice here.
Anything is better than this bill of the chair-
man, with the construction which we all know
will be put upon it, and the resistance which
we all know will and ought to be made, in view
of all the facts, to the enforcement of that con-
struction. Rather than see it pass with the
certainty of the consequences which I feel sure
will follow, T would infinitely prefer the Sen-
ate bill and the military despotism therein
provided till the fall elections could be hell.
Indeed, I proposed in committee, while tns
chairman held up his hands in horror and de-
rision, to so amend the Senate biil as to put t.ie
State under military authority, depose Bulloik
and his Legislature at once, and provide for a
new election of all State officers and members
of Congress in November under the supervision
of the officers designated by the constitution
and laws of Georgia to conduct elections, count
the votes, and make the returns thereof, and
under the authority and responsibility of the
President,asOommauder-in ChiefoftLe Army,
to the people of the United States, before
whom he has to appear shortly and give an
account of his stewardship. As a choice of
evils, I would infinitely prefer that to the pres-
ent bill. Without these amendments, with
Terry to dictate who should and who should
not vote, and he and Bullock to count the bal-
lots, as the Senate bill leaves it, an election at
any time would be but a farce, unless all the
candidates should agree in advance to send
them to the Senate of the United Slates. In that
case the votes cast for such as agreed and could
be relied on would be counted.
While there can be but one opinion among
