mo
THE CONGRBSSIONiAIi GLOBE.
April 22,
ining it onoe in the Interior Department, and
directing that it be readjusted and the parties
permitted to bring in additional proof. As it
strnek me at that time, all had been paid that
ought to be paid. I will mention one item
that the report refers to: three percent, of the
amount of money disbursed, when all the par-
ties connected with it were receiving salaries—
the superintendent receiving $3,000 a year and
his expenses, and his clerks and all his employ es
receiving salaries—and yet they put in a claim
here twenty year3 afterward for a percentage
on the amount disbursed. I do not think there
is any part of the claim which is just.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not object to the Senate
taking a vote on it. -
Mr. CQRBETT. I have examined this claim.
I remember very well that one of the parties
came through our country in early times when
it was very expensive traveling through that
country. I understand he has not been allowed
the full amount of his expenses, from the fact
that the Department thought the expenses were
too much. In those days traveling in Califor-
nia was very expensive indeed. I think the
claim is jnst.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a contested case.
It had better go over.
Mr. SCOTT rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
hearing my friend from Pennsylvania; but as
it is & contested claim, and has been debated
here s good deal before, I suggest that it be
passed over.
Mr. SCOTT. I shall occupy but a very short
time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, I shall not object
if it only occupies a few minates.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator from Iowa has
said, this is a very old case, and as it has been
so long before Congress I took especial care
.to investigate it closely when the papers were
submitted to me as & member of the Commit-
tee on Claims. The first item, and the princi-
pal item to which the Senator seems to object,
the commissions allowed to Redick McKee on
disbursements, I think is perhaps as meritorious
a3 any other part of the claim. If Senators
have paid attention to the reading of the re-
port they will have seen that there were three
commissioners appointed, each one of whom
had the same duties to perform; but by a letter
which I hold in my hand, written by Mr. Lea,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, it was sug-
gested that Colonel McKee should take charge
of all thefaads that were disbursed by all three
of those commissioners. He did so, and in
discharging that duty it became necessary for
him at one time, in order to anticipate funds
which were not furnished to him as soon as
they should have been, to mortgage his own
property in San Francisco.
He did mortgage his own property for money
raised in San Francisco at that time, and out
of that money paid his cocommissionera a
part of their salaries, and paid the Expenses
.that were incurred in the execution of this
trust. Although it does not appear in any of
the papers upon file, yet I am assured it is the
fact, and I have every reason to believe it, that
his property-was sold at a sacrifice under that
mortgage, and he thereby lost a larger amount
than ne will receive under this bill.
As to the other item, with regard to Colonel
McKee, this is not a direct appropriation, but
ia only an authority to the Secretary of the
Interior to examine that part of Colonel Mc-
Kee's account which consists of items such as
his boarding bills, his traveling expenses, &c.,
and to allow such of them as the additional
evidence shall satisfy the Secretary of the
Interior are just and equitable under the cir-
cumstances.
As to the otter two claims, those of Mr. Es-
till's administratrix, and of Pablo de la Toba,
I believe there is no dispute whatever about
their justice. They have upon several different
occasions been recogoizpd jntheroports of the
Department. There has been great delay, and
by that cause, perhaps, great injustice done to
some of these parties, and I am satisfied that
nothing more than justice will be done by the
; passage of this bill in its present form.
Mr. HARLAN. I will remark to the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania that his
i; remarks freshen my recollection of the case a
I little.: I remember that I instructed the Com-
missioner to permit Mr. McKee to bring in new
evidence, or any evidence he could produce.
, The claim was originally examined by Com-
! missioner Greenwood, a gentleman whom I
1 never saw, but who administered the Indian
department, if the evidence in the department
can be trusted, with great fidelity. I looked
back personally at the old schedule of items,
and the memoranda made on the margin by
, Commissioner Greenwood and the original
vouchers; there was an immense pile of
them, and I personally examined the whole
of them, every paper in the case, and in-
structed the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to permit this claimant, where the old Com-
missioner had not rejected the claim out-
right, to introduce new evidence if he could
produce it. He did so, and some of the
items were allowed under this new evidence;
but he insisted that as to some of the
items the witnesses were dead, or beyond his
reach. I inquired then as to the character
of this gentleman, and learned from various
sources that he was a man of integrity and
honor, who would not probably swear falsely.
I then instructed the Commissioner of Indian
: Affairs to permit him to swear himself, and
; where he could swear himself that of his own
knowledge the money had beenpaid the Com-
1 missioner might allow it. Every dollar of this
claim that he could either prove or swear to
himself, of his own knowledge, has been al-
lowed and paid.
These facts were reported to the House of
Representatives two or three years ago, when
this claim was pending there, and on the report
j from the Department the claim was dismissed
in the House, as doubtless gentlemen here now
who were then members of the House will re-
member. If any claim at all can ever be dis-
posed of by an examination and reexamination
during a period of twenty years this onfcht to
be disposed of and ought to be regarded as
settled.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator reporting this bill whether the com-
mittee were unanimous in favor of this allow-
ance?
Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is that there
was one dissenting member of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I inquire of the Sen-
ator whether this report from the Interior De-
partment, referred to by the Senator from- Iowa,
is among the papers, so that we may hear it
read?
Mr. SCOTT. There are., I think, three
reports from the Interior Department among
the papers. The papers are very voluminous,
as the Senator from Iowa has said. But in
addition to them there is in a document referred
to in the report,, Senate Document No. 4,
of the special session of 1853, a statement ot
claims which were referred to the Department,
and among those claims are two of those em-
braced in this bill; not the one of Colonel
McKee, but otte of Estill, and one of Pablo
de la Toba; and there is no statement in that
Senate document at all casting any imputation,
according to my recollection, on the justice
of these claims.
I have endeavored to examine every paper
connected with the case. I agree that its age
is a circumstance likely to create a presump-
tion against it; but after making a full exiiui-
ifiation of it I came to the conclusion that that
was perhaps the strongest presumption there
was in the case against it, and that there had
been injustice done to Colonel McKee by the
withholding of this claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure nobody ques-
tions the fidelity of the examination ot nir
friend from Pennsylvania; but I should be
very glad to hear this last report from the
Department of the Interior to the House of
Representatives, if it is among the papers
returned by the committee or if it is in the pos-
session of the committee, read for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. It is among the papers re-
turned, I believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask that that
paper, which is the last report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is said to be among the
papers, be read.
Mr. COLE. I cannot discuss every item of
the bill ,* but the largest item I am sure must,
ha*® escaped the attention of the former Sec-
retary of the Interior. I do not think there
was any pretense that the cattle which were
furnished by Pablo de la Toba for the use of
the Indians were ever paid for. I think that
account has never been questioned at all. That,
the largest account in the bill, has never been
questioned by anybody according to my recol-
lection.
I will state in this connection that the owner
of that account has with great generosity
assigned it over for the foundation of a young
ladies' school in a certain town in California;
and that will be the use which will be made
of the money if it is appropriated. That of
course would not be a ground for appropriat-
ing it improperly; but I believe there is no
question about the propriety of the account
and about the justice of it. There may have
been some other accounts examined during the
term of office of my friend from Iowa as Sec-
retary of the Interior, but I am sure that could
not have been among them; and I think such
accounts as have been examined and passed
over or thrown over are not included in the
bill now before the Senate. I think this includes
only such accounts as are beyond question or
as have not really been a subject of investiga-
tion and settlement heretofore. I believe that
certain other accounts of this description have
been cast out.
^The Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
informs me that he will object to the bill unless
I quit talking immediately. That of course is
a reason why I should stop.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, 1 ask that the com-
munication from the Department be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department of tub Interior,
Office Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., March 22,1866.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt,
by reference from your Department, under date of
the 1st instant, of the petition of .Rediok McKee, late
commissioner and Indian agent for California, to
Congress, praying to be indemnified for expenses
incurred by him ns he alleges while acting as dis-
bursing agent of the board of commissioners to ar-
range the difficulties between the whites and the
Indians in California, in tho years 1851, 1852, and
1853, which was referred to your Department by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, United States Senate,
for suggestions thereon, January 31, I860.
In reply I have the honor to state that on the 22d
May, 18(35, my predecessor made a report to you and
inclosed the papers in relation to the condition of
the accounts of Redick McKee, late commissioner
and Indian agent, a copy of which is herewith in-
closed marked "A," wherein you were respectfully
requested to give direction in the matter referred to.
Subsequently, June 10,1865, the papers then in-
closed relative to suspensions and disallowances
wero returned, with your direction concerning tho
same, a copy of which is herewith marked "B."
This occurred under my predecessor.
Under date of July 21,1565. recurring to the claim
in question and to your instructions of the 10th of
June,18G5, the aceounts were again returned, together
with your decision, a copy of which is herewith in-
closed, marked "C," and a partis,1 settlement of tho
account was made in accordance therewith.
A copy of the original exceptions, marked "D,"
together with a statement of his accounts as they
now stand, marked "E," are also transmitted, show-
ing in detail about the same result that his petition
to Congress sets forth. _
The disallowances in this office, in 1856 and 185*,
of sundry payments made by tho disbursing agent
for board bills, &c., appears to have been based on
a striot construction of the laws relating to traveling
expenses of local agents, which Mr. McKee contends
