1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
themselves and enforce the execution of their
own laws. It cannot be done. You may take
a county in Pennsylvania, if you please, as we
have had instances there in history, where some
law is odious or unpopular, as a whisky tax,
and you indict a man for murder committed in
resisting a gauger or inspector, and your jury
will disagree and you cannot hang him. So
in Georgia.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. In the history of Penn-
sylvania I do not remember that anybody was
ever murdered for obeying the law. I hope
the gentleman will not eastan unmerited reflec-
tion 011 that State. A few people there once
did object to having a very high rate of taxa-
tion on whisky, which they had at that time to
carry across the mountains on pack-horses in
small kegs; and the Government sent a great
army to subdue tliem. I do not rememrber that
anybody gave particular offense by his conduct
on that occasion, except, I believe, a man who
afterward became the father-in-law of Jeff.
Davis. There was one man who gotfrightened
and went down the river, but he did not kill
anybody—a man named Bradley. He hired
a little boat, weut down the river away to New
Orleans or somewhere there, and after awhile
in the course of events one of his descendants
became the wife of Jefferson Davis.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will not feel offended at my using
an incident in the history of his State as a mere
illustration. I was merely illustrating a prop-
osition in the philosophy of government, which
I supposed would commend itself to anybody,
by the illustration that if in the whisky insur-
rection in Pennsylvania a man had been slain
in the execution of liis legal duty it would have
been impossible to get a verdict against him in
the county where the uprising of the people
was. I think it would; and it is no complaint
against Pennsylvania to say so, because the
same thing would happen in Vermont or any
other place. Where you have to depend upon
the people for the execution of tho law, as you
must in a democratic community, when that
people is excited and the body of the com-
munity feels a deep excitement and interest in
a question, that excitement and interest will go
into the jury-box in spile of everything that
human agency can do. Therefore i say—and I
trust my friend from Pennsylvania will forgive
me for alluding to that State—that if the teel-
ing against, smuggling laws is so intense that in
Vermont there is au uprising of tho people of
the border to protect smugglers, and a collision
occurs between them and tho military, ns there
has been in the State of Vermont—and I hope
my colleague will not feel offended that I allude
to that State—and you come to apply the regu-
lar administration of justice to the punishment
of that offense, nine times in ten you will fail,
until years afterward when the excitement is
over.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. The "whisky insurrec-
tion" is so often alluded to, and there is such
entire ignorance on the subject, that perhaps
I may be allowed to state its history.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
rae I will withdraw all about the whisky insur-
rection and go on with Georgia.
Mr. CAMERON. I want to sayj then, that
some of those men charged with offenses were
tried and put. in prison. I will not interrupt
the Senator now, but some day I will tell the
whole story about the whisky insurrection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not blame the State
of Pennsylvania for the whisky insurrection.
1 think, considering the.good quality of the
whisky there, so far as I have observed it, they
would be justified in having an insurrection
almost any day to protect it. [Laughter.]
What j have endeavored to impress upon
the Senate, without intending to offend any-
body, has been that, as will be manifest to any
man who reflects, the difficulty in Georgia in
the protection of persons and property has
arisen from the fact that in the communities
in which persons and property have not been
protected the administrative part of the gov-
ernment, those who administer justice—judges,
sheriffs, jurors, particularly jurors represent-
ing the body of the community—have not been
in a condition to be willing to execute the law;
and therefore you may perpetuate this Legis-
lature ; you may declare; assuming that you
could do it constitutionally, that these very
men whom we have said are illegally elected
and wrongfully there shall continue to exercise
the duties of legislators for twenty years, and
it will not save a human life; it will not pro-
tect a barn or a cotton-shed, until the senti-
ment of the community in which the human
lives are to be protected and property is to be
protected have reached that point that jurors
and judges and sheriffs can be found who will
administer the law. As everybody who has
thought about such questions knows, that is
one of the faults of republican or democratic
government. That is one of the drawbacks,
one of the few drawbacks—1 may almost say
the only drawback—to the perfectness of the
theory of a government of the people pure and
simple; and it is inherent in human nature,
and there is no getting away from it.
Therefore, Mr. President, to apply this ob-
servation, which is so obvious that it is almost
an axiom, to what my friencl from Nevadahas
been saying as to the State of Georgia, wearo
not going to cure the evil he has depicted as
existing there by declaring that this Legis-
lature or that Legislature, a particular body
of men, shall govern the State for two years
to come. Just look at what we have had,
according to my honorable friend from
Nevada, and in the main ho has been right.
We have had not only a provisional govern-
ment in Georgia backed up by tho whole con-
gressional power of the United Stales, but wo
have had a military government superadded
to and supervising that provisional govern-
ment ever since the rebels laid down their
arms in 1805. We hare endeavored to protect
lifo and property there by tho force of provis-
ional State law, by the force of provisional con-
gressional law, and by the force of the armies
of the United States; and tho result my friend
from Nevada has displayed to us himself.
That is to say, on his account of it we have
totally failed. With the Army, with the mil-
itary power, and with provisional legislation,
we have totally failed to secure the adminis-
tration of justice in that State; that is to say,
the administration of justice embracing the
protection of life and property, and that, with
the equalization of burdens, is all there is of
value in government anywhere.
Then, Mr. President, looking at this subject
in tho serious point of view that we ought to
do, what advantage are wo to gain for the pro-
tection of the people of Georgia, in the sense
in which we are now speaking, by entering
upon what my friend himself evidently consid-
ers a most questionable piece of legislation ?
None at all. It is not in the nature of things
possible that it will add one iota to the protec-
tion of persons and property in that State.
They will be just as secure if a majority of the
next Legislature, electednextNovember, shall
be of the same way of thinking as my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman,] as they will be if
that majority shall be of the same way of think-
ing as myself. Either set of representatives
will come from the body of the people. Either
set of the representatives must make laws that
will affect the whole body of the people alike;
because under the two amendments of the
Constitution of the United States that wo have
now, to say nothing of the civil rights bill, it is
impossible for a State rightfully and constitu-
tionally to make a law which shall bear upon
the social condition or the rights of one man
in A different sense or in any different way from
what it bears upon another. That is obvious.
Then, what are we to do, sir? And this brings
me-^for I do not intend to be long about this
business—to the serious political question that
we have before us; and in considering that I
need only call the attention of Senators to two
or three distinct points which are very simple.
First, what is the present condition, in point
of fact and law, of the persons who are now
exercising legislative powers in Georgia? I
believe jny friend from Nevada agrees heartily
to the report that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary made the other day in that respect; that
is to say, that the present Legislature as now
existing is not a laffful Legislature; that it was
reorganized in violation ot the act of Congiess
of the'22d of December last; that it contains in
it a large number of persons, enough tolargely
influence if not to control its action, who have
never been elected to the body. So that if we
were to vindicate our own law and to protect
the people of Georgia, good and bad alike, by
securing in their Legislature a body of persons
who had been elected by some constituency,
We should simply take the next logical step
which would follow: to Set aside that Legisla-
ture, reorganize it again in conformity with the
law, and then set it upon its feet. Why did
we not do that? Tho Senate will bear in mind
noiv that upon this point the whole committee
was entirely unanimous. So far as I under-
stood my friend from Nevada, he did not ques-
tion the conclusion of the committee in this
respect. We are called upon now to set on its
feet as a State Legislature, for good and all, a
body of men who, taken as a whole, have not
been elected by the people of Georgia. Is not
that the legislation we are called upon to go
into?
No matter what are the political opinions
of the gentlemen composing that body; what
excuse have we as the law-makers of the na-
tion, as the creators and restorers of States—
what excuse have we, on any republican theory
ofgovernmeut,for permitting that Legislature to
continue to exist for a day ? No logical excuse.
It is only one of the compromises that enter
into human affairs. And what was that com-
promise ? The geutlemen who oppose this con-
dition of things in Georgia, who appeared be-
fore us representing the minority of that Legis-
lature, and asking us in the first instance to
examine and to find, and to act upon that
examination and finding, said, "We want
peace, as the Governor and his friends say
they want peace; we want to go on with
onr domestic pursuits; wo wish to cultivate
our farms; we wish to increase our wealth ;
wo wish to develop our resources, and to be
once more a full sister in the family of States;
and therefore, inasmuch as it is only a few
months to a fresh election under the constitu-
tion by the people we are willing to acquiesce
in this anomalous and illegal condition of
things as a matter of fact and practice, and let
it go on until the next election when this evil
will cure itself by the natural progress of the
action of the people in electing new repre-
sentatives;" because it will be remembered
that this does not apply to the State senate,
into which no new members were introduced, so
far as I recollect. " The constitution itself and
the action of the people under the constitution
will correct this whole evil." I am not speak-
ing of their saying it will correct it in the par-
tisan sense that one party or another will win
at the election, but only that the term of the
persons who were thus introduced into the
Legislature, and those who had been thus ex-
cluded would have expired by the limitatior
of their offices, and new agents of the people
would have to be selected for the making of
laws. That seemed to have considerable good
sense in it; and as both parties were willing
that we should leave that Legislature to stand
as it was we were willing to report to the Sen-
ate that we did not feel called upon in that con-
dition of affairs to make any recommendation
