3844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
the amount of "stealings" is not allowed to
be told. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr; ANTHONY. Although it is not pre-
cisely in order, I hope I shall be allowed now
to propose, because we have been discussing
the* subject, an amendment with regard to the
publication of the laws. I propose, or page
15, after line three hundred and fifty, to insert :
Provided, That Bo la'wsor treaties shall be pub-
lished m newspapers exoept those which are of a
feneral nature and of public interest, to be selected
y the Secretary of State; and tho same shall in all
eases be published without delay.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope there
will be no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island is similar to one I
had been preparing without knowing his, and
I had specified a time in mine, and also had
excluded the treaties. Let me read what I
had prepared:
Provided, That no payment shall be made for tho
publication of any law in a newspaper which does not
publish such law within ten dilys after being fur-
nished with a copy thereof; and all laws requiring
tho publication of treaties in newspapers, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Everybody agrees that it is unnecessary to
publish.the treaties.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. MORTON. It
may be impossible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have it
added as repealing the requirement for the
publication of treaties,
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can convince
the Senator from Illinois that what he pro-
poses is practically impossible. If at the close
of the session the volume of laws wore sent to
a printer it would be impossible for bim to
publish them in ten days without incurring an
enormous expense,
r. TRUMBULL.
The laws are published
Mr,
as they are passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but at the close
of this session all the appropriation bills will
come in a bulk, together with the internal rev-
enue law. It will be impossible for a news-
paper to publish them within a month or per-
haps two months."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Secretary of State
need not furnish them. They are not to be pub-
lished until ten days after they are furnished.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is better to
have it left in the discretion of the Secretary
of State as to the time, and not to specify the
number of days by law, because at the close
of the session, undoubtedly a great many laws
are passed in a brief period. If you look at
the volume of laws, you will find that almost a
quarter of the volume, at the short session, is
dated on the 3d of March, and it would be
impossible for any newspaper to get them in
so rapidly. There should be some discretion
allowed.
Mr. FOWLER. I would like to know
whether the newspapers are to be selected by
the Clerk of the House of Representatives as
now?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think they ought to be
selected by the Secretary of State. I have
always thought so; but Congress saw fit to order
otherwise.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Illinois that it is quite as import-
ant to publish our postal conventions with for-
eign countries as the laws. Most of those ar-
rangements with foreign countries interest our
lellow-citizens; for instance, the recent ar-
rangements with the Scandinavian and German
States are very important and ought to be pub-
bashed by all means, and promptly published.
The reduction of postage; has been very marked;
with Germany from ten to six cents ; with Eng-
land from twelve to six cents. All that ought
to be widely known, and immediately known.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Minnesota whether he supposes
the people learn that from reading the treaties,
or from the instructions of the Postmaster
General?
Mr. RAMSEY. From, reading-the treaties.
The treaties are usually very brief, and they
have a conspicuous place in the newspapers,
and people see them there easily. How else
could they learn them?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know the Senator is
a great deal better advised on such matters
than I am ; but if I wanted to know what the
postage was on a letter from here to Hamburg
or to Moscow, I confess I should have to go
to the postmaster to learn.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator certainly, if
he read the newspapers in Minnesota, would
see these treaties published, and would see that
the postage to Germany had been reduced very
recently.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Minnesota be good enough to tell what the
postage on a letter weighing half an ounce is
to Moscow?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is about ten cents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "About?"
Mr. RAMSEY. Seven cents to Germany,
and then additional postage for going through
Germany.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the amendment
as oifered by me covers the whole object my
friend from Illinois desires. ["Question I"
"Question!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment of
those made in Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clekic. On page 43 the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, inserted :
For salary of United States recordor of land titles
at St. Louis, Missouri, $500.
Mr. HARLAN. That was inserted at my
request. As far as I have been able to learn
there is no reason whatever why the Govern-
ment of the United States should pay the sal-
ary of this officer. The services are purely
local, and relate to the owners of real estate in
the city of St. Louis and its suburbs.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state with regard to
this office that it is one which has existed now
for sixty years, and the officer has in his cus-
tody all the records, archives, and muniments
of title, with the proceedings of the boards of
commissioners for the settlement of private
land claims in Missouri, relating to all the
land grants that were made in the region cov-
ered by that State, by the Spanish Government,
and the French Government before the acqui-
sition of Louisiana.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office wrote a communication either to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
or to my colleague, stating that it was very
important in reference to the public interests
that this office should be continued there, and
these archives and muniments of title and rec-
ords and proceedings be kept together in the
custody ofa United States officer. I do hope,
as it is only a salary of $500 a year, that under
these circumstances the Senate will not decline
to keep it there.
Mr. HARLAN. The business of this board
of commissioners has been closed up for a
quarter of a century. There is no business
done by any such board. It is merely a conven-
ience to the lawyers of St. Louis to have an
officer paid by the Government of the United
States to keep these papers for them, and
nothing else whatever.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the Senator from
Iowa is entirely mistaken. Nearly the whole
of the property of the city of St. Louis, and
very large masses of land throughout the State,
have titles which are connected with this office.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly. But who ought
to keep those records, the State of Missouri or
the United States?
Mr. DRAKE. The State of Missouri, with
all respect to the honorable Senator from Iowa,
ought not to have the Custody of the muni-
ments of title and of the records of title de-
rived through the United States. I do hope
that the Senate will not strike out this appro-
priation.
Mr. HARLAN. In every other case within
the limits of the whole country, when the Gov-
ernment work terminates, the records ^and
muniments of title are uniformly transferred
to the State authority—the records of the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Do not these muniments of title cover
titles in Arkansas and Louisiana and Illinois;
and why should they be given to the State of
Missouri to keep?
Mr. HARLAN. All that relate to the State
of Missouri ought to be given to that State,
those that relate to the State of Illinois given
to Illinois, and those that relate to the State
of Arkansas given to Arkansas.
Mr. DRAKE. It is impossible to separate
them.
Mr. FO WLER. How many of these insti-
tutions are there in the country?
Mr. DRAKE. Only this one.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no other recorder
of private land titles anywhere in the United
States.
Mr. FOWLER. Is there none in any other
State ?
Mr. HARLAN. None in any other State.
The text of the bill as it passed the House
provided that this office should be abolished,
and that the muniments of title should be
transferred to such officer as the State of Mis-
souri may designate for that purpose. That
is what ought to be done, and what has been
done in every oiher similar case. There is
not a solitary reason why the Government of
the United States should pay for keeping these
records more than the rcords and titles to land
in any other State.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Mis-
souri who sits next to me [Mr. Scnuaz] spoke
to me particularly about this matter, and was
very anxious, and seemed to think it was very
important, that this appropriation should be
retained or restored.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will send to
the Chair a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office on the subject.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office, 1'ebruary 7,1870.
SIE: * * * Fourth, X would also
respectfully suggest that lines nine hundred and six-
teen to nine hundred and twenty-five, inclusive,
which provide for tho repeal of that part of sec'ion
three, act of March 2, 1805, establishing the office
S'?1-68 recorder of land titles for Illinois
and Missouri, be amended so as to provide for the
salary lor the recorder for the next fiscal year.
This measure is urged on tho ground that the sal-
ary ot tho recorder allowed by law is only $500 per
annum, one of the lowest under the Government;
and as_ the location of those original archives at
St. Louis is a great public convenience, alike to tho
people of Illinois and Missouri,'it is therefore sug-
gested that the archives be left where they are, and
that provision be made lor tho salary of the custo-
dian. - ::
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. H. L. I)awes, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, Mouse of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reserved
amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. On page 52, line twelve
hundred and sixty-two, the Senate? as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, agreed to an amendment
inserting the words " Solicitor and Naval J udge
Advocate General, $3,500."
Mr. DRAKE. It will take less than a minute
for me to say all that I wish to say about this
matter. The Army has a complete Bureau of
Military Justice, with a major general at the
head and a brigadier general with him, and
some eight or ten other officers with them;
while the Navy has only this one law officer.
Ihe late -Secretary of the Navy under the
former administration urgently recommended
that this-office should be continued. The
1 present Secretary of the Navy takes the same
