1870.
THE COJSTG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
4789
men who have any sort of regard for constitu-
tional obligations as to all the proposed legis-
lation relative to the State of Georgia,and that is |
utter abhorrence of each and all of the schemes !
whereby she is sought to be made subservient
to Radical domination, yet there are degrees
even in infamy, and when the frightful alter-
native is presented to men who have no means
of escaping the responsibility of action, all that
the wisest and most prudent can do, if he does
not .-shirk responsibility altogether, is to select
the least of the evils forced upon him and do
the best he can for a suffering people. When j
the traveler surrenders his purse to the high-
wayman as the only alternative to save his life
nobody supposes that he either sanctions or
acquiesces in the right of the robber, and if I
am compelled here to vote for measures which
1 loath and detest, as the only means by which I
can prevent more outrageous and detestable
measures from being imposed by the more j
relentless and vindictive wing of the Radical
party.
I have no apprehension that either my con-
stituents or the people of the country will be-
lieve that I either desired or approved them.
I know, and every intelligent man in the coun-
try., knows, that Georgia is not only under a
military despotism to-day, but, superadded to
that, she is ruled, villified, and plundered by a
set of worthless adventurers who not only have
no sympathy with her people and no interest
in her welfare, but whose only object and mis-
sion is to rob and despoil her under the license
given them by the Radical majority here.
Therefore it is that I am willing to eciEe any
and every opportunity which the more mod-
erate Republicans may offer to enable the
people of Georgia to shake off the vampires
who are now sacking their life'sblood and pois-
oning the minds of men in authority here by
the lnostinfernal system of organized falsehood
that was ever poured into the ear of men.
It is worse than useless, it is folly, to stand
litre and demonstrate, as we have done over and
over again, that Georgia is not only a coequal
State with the others, but that she is entitled
to representation here, even by the s'rictest
construction of your reconstruction laws: that j
Congress has by solemn act so declared; that i
her constitution has been accepted and approved i
by Congress; that her Representatives have j
occupied seats on this floor under it, and aided j
by their votes in passing the laws which now
bind ail the people of all the States. Every :
intelligent man in the land knows all these '
things ; yet it is equally well known that in ;
spite of them all, and with a reckless disre- (
gard of every principle which men sworn to ;
support the Constitution ought to assert and .
maintain, this Congress, pandering to the de- .
mands of the President of the United States, ^
has acquiesced in, though itlias not sanctioned, j
the utter subversion of every right guarantied j
to that State by the Constitution, and has not ;
only, without remonstrance, but with apparent
satisfaction, seen a sovereign sister State strict en
down, her Legislature driven out, a band of ,
men rejected and discarded by her people in- >
stalled in Jheir places, and a mongrel, hybrid ;
combination of military and civil despots usurp- |
iug, controlling, plundering, and destroying .
whatever there was of liberty or prosperity j
there. ,
I confess, Mr. Speaker, my heart sank within
me when I heard that porlion ol the President's
message read in December last in which he
submitted to Congress—
"\Vh"tl>er it would not bo wise without delay to
on i'-l ;i Uw authorizing the Governor ol (ieorgia to
.-onvi-ne the members oiiginalfy elected jo the
!j<*m>lature, redlining each member to t.tae tnc
<-.:Uh prescribed by the reconstruction iind pone
lo be admitted who are ineligible under ills third
cl.iasc ol the fourteenth amendment ?"
That message was the beginning of sill ihe
mischief which followed, lie knew and C"ii-
gr^ knew that, the constitution of Georgia did
i.;,t inquire the members of the State Legit-
ime to take the oath inquired by the recon-
struction acts, and he and Congress had each
solemnly declared that the members elected to
the Legislature could not be required to take
any oath other than that prescribed by the con-
stitution of the State of Georgia. Congress and
the Presidentknew equally well that eligibility
or ineligibility to hold office under the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution could
only be legally determined under and by vir-
tue of laws passed by Congress to carry out and
enforce that amendment, which laws should
be equally applicable in and binding upon all
j the States and people of the United States.
I And the President was perfectly aware when
I he wrote that sentence that Congress had not
i (and it is ODly within the last two weeks that
j it has) passed any laws for the enforcement
: of that amendment. His recommendation,
! therefore, could bear no other construction
j than that of a deliberate purpose on his part,
I which he knew Congress would aid him in
| carrying out, to subvert ami overthrow the
j constitution of the State of Georgia, which both
i he and it had solemnly approved, and remand
her people to a military despotism, he being
the Commander-in-Chief; or to the still more
deplorable condition of utter prostration before
a band of adventurers and plunderers, whose
edicts he would enforce by his military satraps.
Congress did, without delay, carry out his
orders in part. Sufficiently so to give him and
his military subordinates all the excuse they
wanted to consummate their plans, although
it was well known at the time, not only that
the Legislature of Georgia would meet early
in January, and could have been called together
by the Governor at an earlier day, if deoired;
but that they would in all probability have
promptly removed the only avowed ground of
complaint, in accordance with the decision of
the State court, rendered at their suggestion
after they adjourned last year.
It was no ordinary relief to me to hear the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixsiiam] assert
and repeat on this lloor that the President did
"not intend to say all that his language in the
message imported, when the bill was before the
Ilonse in December last. I regret that the
action of the military subordinates sent by the
President to Georgia under that law has been
such as to shake my faith in the statements I
then believed as to'the desire of the President
to maintain and preserve constitutional gov-
ernment and subordinate the military to the
civil authority. General Terry is too good a
soldier, and understands too well the rules and j
obligations of a subordinate, to undertake to
overthrow and trample upon the rights and lib-
erties of a great Stale without the orders, ex-
press or implied, of his Commander-in-Chief.
Nothing short of the orders of the President l
would have induced h:m to venture on a course !|
which evtti the Xtepublicau ineuiuei'o of the ;
Senate Judiciary Committee, in tho report j
which they published to the worlu in March |
last, declared to be revolutionary and wholly 1
without warrant of law or legitimate authority. ,
He placed, as I have stated, a railroad agent |
in the speaker's chair of the Georgia Legis- j
hiture, and made him an absolute despot over j
all the proceedings relative to the organiza- |
tion of that body. He hold members respons- i
ible to a military commission organized by j
him, and by intimidation and threats kept j
legally elected and properly qualilied Repre- j
seutauves out of their seats, and_ installed in
their plu-ceri men who had been rejected by the ;
people at tho polls; thus striking down every-
! thing like representation in the State in order
: that all the investigations which had been or-
! red as to the conduct of Governor Bullock, >
' who had been lepeatcdly and officially charged
; v;th the most, ihmrant crimes and misdeniean-
1 ors." mi-hr. be .stifled, and that three men might
1 Im elei'f.'.i to the Senate of the United States
' who =e o'dv rf eomuit ndaium is that tney are
' peihaps more, cordially loathed, despised, and
i'Med by all the respectable people of Georgia.
; fhan uii'v ether m>:ii'U,.c St,.te, l-uifock a.iiiie
excepted, and who, in turn, hate the people
they pretend to represent with a malignity so
intense as to make them wholly acceptable on
that account, especially to the extreme Radi-
cal Senators, who seem anxious for a pretext
to reject Messrs. Hill and Miller, the regularly
elected Senators, simply because they are gen-
tlemen and would faithfully represent their
State in the Senate of the United States.
After the organization of the Legislature
under the act of December last I supposed,
of course, military authority would cease, and
the general commanding would confine him-
self to aiding the civil authorities in preserving
the peace, if called on for that purpose; and I
paid no attention to the character of the mili-
tary orders under which he was acting. There-
fore, when a few weeks ago papers were sent
to me showing that General Terry had refused
to allow a person accused of crime the benefit
of the writ of habeas corpus and a trial before
the civil courts, I at once submitted a resolu-
tion to Congress asking information from the
President by what authority these things were
done. I supposed every man in Congress would
feel as I did, and demand a full investigation
into the conduct of Terry. To my surprise
objection was made, and the House did not
seem to consider it worthy of notice.
I at the next meeting laid all the facts before
the Reconstruction Committee, not doubting
for a moment that authority would be granted
to report the resolution from the committee,
which would insure its consideration. Instead
of doing so, however, a majority of the com-
mittee adopted a wishywashy substitute, which
the mover has not thought it worth while to
report, and which, if adopted, would not be
worth the paper it was written on. It hap-
pened that on that morning Henry S. Wetmore,
who had been elected county judge or ordinary
of Chatham county by the people at the same
time Governor Bullock was elected, appeared
before the committee and made complaint that
he had been removed by General Terry for •
deciding some question contrary to the views
of the satrap. Mr. Wetmore was a Radical,
talked and looked like a gentleman, and I
supposed would receive some consideration.
I therefore amended my resolution so as to
read:
"Whereas it is alleged that General Alfred II.
Terry, the military commander in the Slate of treor-
gia, is causing citizens ot the State of Georgia to bo
arretted and tried before his military subordinates
tor alleged violations of the laws ot tho State ot
Georgia, and refuses to allow to such citizens tho
benefit of the writ of habeas corpus, or a trial by jury
in the civil courts: Therefore, .
"Be xl resolved. That tho President of the united
States be, and he is hereby, requested to inform this
Mouse by what authority, ifany,citizens intheState
of Georgia are tried for offenses against the laws
of the, State, by or before the military officers there,
and if they are denied the privilege of the writ of
hubris corpus and a trial by jury in tho civil courts of
[he Suite having jurisdiction to try such cases; and
the President is further requested to inform the House
by wh.it authority, if any, Generat Terry has re-
moved eivit officers of the State of Georgia^eleotcd
and cjuahued in pursuance of the constitution and
l:iivs of said State."
I read to the committee the following military
orders to show that my application was a bona
fide one:
Headquarters
JXilitaky District op Georgia.
Atlanta, April 23.
Sir: The brevet major general commanding dis-
trict directs that you report at the earliest practica-
ble moment the evidence on which E. H. Martin was
arrested. You will not permit him to be produced
in court or released on bail until decision in tho
promises is rendered at these headquarters.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant^
| J.Ji.i.AiijUjLi't
! A^si^tant Adjutant (Jeiie/al.
• Brevet Major F. Torbett, Warrentoa, (leoryia.
! llEiDQUARrr.ns,
1 "Waiuiextos, Vjeotu/ia, April 2A.
Sir : I have the honor to inform you that, in pur-
1 siiiincfi of orders from he.idqnfWor* military district
ot Georgia, the evidence 111 the case ot' the "United
States ag.imsi 13. U. Martin will be taken by nie at
thceourt-houfein Wnrrcnton, Georgia, commencing
at 10 a. Amil -5,1^70. and continuing from a iy
' to day until elo?c l. Counsel lor defense can call wit-
l'.  te heard in the orckr ol delete, or upon
