1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
for interference; and so the Judiciary Commit-
tee reported.
Mr. MORTON. "Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. Tie Senator lays special
stress upon the fact that fifteen or twenty mem-
bers of the house were admitted who were
never elected. I presume he refers to those
who were admitted to seats in place of the
ineligible persons who were rejected. ' I ask
liim if he denies the principle that where an
election is conducted by ballot, is a secret
election, and where the law does not require
a majority of all the votes to elect, but only
requires a plurality, all the votes cast for per-
sons who are ineligible under the constitution
of the State or the United States are to be
regarded as thrown away and the persons hav-
ing the next highest number of votes are to
be regarded as elected ? I ask him if that is
not tho law as laid down in works on parlia-
mentary law, and if it is not recognized bythe
law of Georgia applying to some seven or eight
different cases of disabilities under the law of
Georgia? •
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be_ obliged to
say that I dissent from the proposition as stated
by the Senator from Indiana. "As stated,"
I say. As the Senaitor has stated the proposi-
tion he haa left out two or three elements which
are essential to the soundness of the result to
which his mind has come. It is unnecessary
that I should consider them now, as he only
asks me a question. I say, therefore, in the
form in which he states the question, I deny
the proposition.
As to the law of Georgia I am glad my friend
from Indiana has referred to it, because I wish
to treat this subject in the same spirit that I
am sure he does, to give it a fair and candid
consideration as to what it is wise and right to
do. I have no quarrel with any party in Geor-
gia. I wish them all prosperity and long life,
and as long a continuance i:i office as their con-
stitution will permit.
Mr. POMEROY. The rebel party?
Mr. EDMUNuS. I have no quarrel with the
rebel party, as my friend from Kaunas; terms it;
I am very sorry they have been rebels, and I
am glad they have got over it, so far as they
have done so.
Now, to come back to the question of the con-
dition of the law of Georgia touching minority
candidates, to which my friend from Indiana
alludes. I should have come to that later in
the few remarks I have to submit if he had not
drawn my attention to that point at this period;
but now is as good a time as any. The law of
Georgia does not provide for a plurality elec-
tion of members of the General Assembly, and
the law of Georgia does not provide_ for a
minority candidate for tne Legislature in any
case being admitted. W hen we had a hearing
before the Judiciary Committee, preparatory
to the passage of the act of December, 1869,
•when the other party had put in minority men,
the party of the Administration, the friends ot
the Governor, the Republicans down there,
objected to it before us, and contended that
that was one of the chief outrages upon the
rights of the people of Georgia when they rep-
resented that that thing should have been done.
They said that the outrage was a double one;
first, that the majority had expelled the negroes
when they had no right to expel them, although
it was a doubtful question under their consti-
tution whether the'negroes had aright to hold
office or not; but inasmuch as that doubt, as
they thought, should be solved in favor of the
negro, as I thought too, it was an outrage that
they should be expelled; and second, that
supposing they were legally expelled in the con-
stitutional sense in Georgia, it was another and
a fresh outrage that a new set of men who had
received a minority only of the votes should
have been instituted in their places. And we
had an interesting experience on that point.
When that fact was stated and that objection
was made it struck the committee with a great
deal of force, of course. Then a gentleman on
the other side—I have forgotten now who was
speaking—contended that there was a law ia
Georgia that authorized that thing to be done.
I remember asking him myself to be good
enough to show us the law. I said that we
might possibly understand the law of Georgia
as he did if we could only see it; and we sent
to the Library and obtained the code of Georgia
in which this remarkable provision was sup-
posed to be found. There were present in the
committee-room as many as twenty-five or
thirty gentlemen, many judges and lawyers on
both sides of this question, and they searched
and searched and searched, and at last gave it
up and said that they could not find any pro-
vision in the code as they supposed they could,
they could not lay their hands on it, which
would authorize any such thing.
I remember that I felt considerably glad at
that fact, for I did not like the principle and
did not like the party that was pushing it. I
thought that the friends of the Republicans
down there and of the Governor felt as glad
as I did. The result was that we reported the
bill of December, 1860, which rested in the
debate and in the minds of the committee for
one of its chief grounds of justification in
reorganizing that Legislature upon the very
fact that the Democratic party there, as they
are called—the rebels, as my friend from Ne-
vada would call them—had committed the out-
rage of not only expelling the negroes upon a
doubtful construction of the constitution, but
also of instituting in their places a body of men
who had no more right to be there than I had
myself, not having received a majority of the
votes.
Mr. MORTON. I wiil say to my friend that
I have the code of Georgia here, and with his
permission I will read a single section to show
that the principle is recognized as to all dis-
abilities arising under the constitution of Geor-
gia where a plurality elects:
"If at any popular election to fill any office the
person elected is ineligible under tho ioregoms
rules"—
Seven rules are stated—
" the person having the nexthighest number of votes
who is eligible, whenever a plurality elects, snail be
declared elected, and be qualified and commissioned
to sueh office."
In this case the disability exists under the
Constitution of the United States. The code
applies to disabilities existing under the con-
stitution of Georgia, but I refer to it to show-
that the principle is recognized clearly by the
laws of Georgia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I understand my
friend, he does not contend that the code war-
ranted this proposition, but only that it illus-
trates the principle. Is that my friend's posi-
tion? . .
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir ; I insist the gen-
eral parliamentary law warrants it. I have
the authorities here to show it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not prepared to con-
tend that the laws of Georgia may not provide
in the election of county officers—to which that
section read by the Senator refers—if the peo-
ple of Georgia choose to make such a law. not
only that pluralities shall elect, but that the
nesfc TiiK-ii below tlie plurality sn&ll bs electso..
If' they please they may adopt the principle of
■ ----- minority men elected all the time. I
That is a question of
havinu
do not object to that.
positive law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would that be a repuo-
lican government?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know but that it
would in the county organisation. I will not
undertake to say whether it would or would
not be. Tho point is not what the people of
Georgia might have enacted into law. The
point is not what the people of Georgia mignt
have provided in tiieu' constitutions "\vnicj de-
termines the election and eligibility of members
of the Legislature, as all State constitutions
do and must. You do not leave the right of
the people to elect members of the Legislature
to anybody's law in a republican government.
It is the fundamental law, the constitution, that
regulates that. While I do not deny that the
constitvtion of Georgia might have provided
for a plurality .election of members, I say it
did not. I do not deny that it might have pro-
vided that minority candidates should be seated
if for any cause the majority candidates did not
turn out to be entitled to come in, but the con-,
stitution did not provide for it. Therefore I
take it it was the will of the people of Georgia
that such a state of things should not exist as
a part of the law regulating the organization
of its Legislature. Am I not right in drawing
sueh a conclusion as that? Plainly I am.
But my friend from Indiana will pardon me
for saying, in addition, that there is not any
such general rule of parliamentary law as he
seems to suppose there is, even in the case of
a plurality election. As the learned Attorney
General said in giving his opinion to the Pres-
ident on this very case—a man whose Radical-
ism, I take it, will not be questioned by my
friend; whose wishes in favor of the right side
will not be questioned—it is only when the
ineligibility is of that manifest, specific, and
notorious character that it must be presumed
to have been known to every voter, that that
rule applies in any case, ballot or no ballot,
plurality or no plurality.
Now, how was it here? This question of
constitutional ineligibility under the fourteenth
amendment gives rise, as we have found in our
own legislation, to the greatest doubts and dif-
ficulties, both of fact and of law, because the
constitutional amendment declares that noper-
sons who had held office in a State by which
he was required to take an oath or did take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, having afterward engaged in rebellion,
should be eligible to office. ^ Then arises the
question, what is a State office? We tried to
legislate in the act of July, 1867, to get around
the opinion of Attorney General Stanbery, as
to what was a State office ; and we all remem-
ber, who were here then, what difficulty we had
in framing a definition which should be satis-
factory even to ourselves. That is one of the
difficulties of human affairs. Language is not
adequate to express every shade of idea. What
mockery, then, it would be to apply in any case
except Georgia, I will say, this principle ot a
minority election to a candidate who is sup-
posed to be ineligible on account of the disputed
question as to whether the particular office that
he held was of a character inhibited by the
Constitution or not, or as to the other question
of fact as to whether he had voluntarily given
aid or comfort to the rebellion 1 lhat is another
question of fact that opens infinite difficulty of
proof, infinite difficulty of the application of
Therefore my friend will see that the Attor-
ney General must have been correct, if he will
pardon me for putting it to him directiy, when
he said that that law could only be applied to
a case in which the ineligibility was_ of tuat
specific and notorious character that it would
not be open to dispute but would be obvious to
every one; and the illustration which he used
in his written opinion, which is here—my friend
has seen it, I suppose—was the illustration ot
a constitution which made a woman ineligible
to office, and yet the people, in spite of that,
voted for a woman. There could be no dispute
in'such a case ; it would be a mere question ot
personal identity. But when you undertake to
declare that a man shall not be eligible to office
who has committed a particular oiiense, now
are the people, in advance of a trial and coiv
demnation, to know by a universal Presa J]_ •
that is binding upon the body of the people, in
advance that that man has been guilty ot tli„t
offense ? Of course it is possible- Afceie
fore I say I am justified m nisiisting tha. ■a >
friend altogether overstates the law wlie.i ne
leaves out this element of absolute, obvious
