2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
are in favor of it. I think no wiser bill was
ever proposed.
Mr. SAWYER. I will say one word in ref-
erence to this. Recently in my own State a
stenographer has been appointed in the several
district courts. I have the testimony of one
of our most efficient judges that it saves a third
of the time which the court and the jury are
obliged to give to the public business, and that
the treasury of the State is largely the gainer
by paying this salary. It has also the advan- '
tage of putting down exactly what the testi-
mony is, and enables the judge to refer to what
the witnesses have really said rather than to his
own compendium of it, which he makes as he
goes along: and the same with regard to the
counsel. It has been found to work in prac-
tice admirably, and to save time to the jurors,
to the court, and to the parties; and I believe
it would be good economy to have a stenog-
rapher in every United States court.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to strike out
the second section, and insert another for pre-
cisely the same thing but a little more full.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted:
And be it farther enacted, That the said stenogra-
pher shall receive an annual salary of $2,500, payable
quarterly by the clerk of said supreme court of the
District of Columbia aforesaid, out of tlie gross earn-
ings of the officc of said clerk; and the salary of the
stenographer as aforesaid shall be charged in the
accounts of said clerk and allowed in the adjustment
of said accounts in conformity with the provisions of
an act entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
settling the accounts of the clerk of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia," approved July
28,1866.
Mr. HAMLIN. The point here is that the
original bill provides that the clerk shall pay
this amount; the clerk is obliged to settle his
accounts with the Treasury Department, and
this amendment provides that it shall enter into
his accounts.
Mr. TRDMBULL. While the Senator from
Maine is regulating this matter I would in-
quire of him if his attention has been called to
the pay which the criers and the bailiffs of the
court here receive ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TliUMBULL. Would it not be advis-
able to put a provision in relative to their pay?
Mr. HAMLIN. We have reported a bill this
morning for that very purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad the Dis-
trict Committee have acted on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Maine whether this does not charge the whole
expense to the judiciary fund?
Mr. HAMLIN. Not a dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, as it
now stands, I assure him every dollar of this
money will be charged by the clerk against
what is called the judiciary fund ; and we had
better at once understand what we are about.
We are making a new officer for this court at
a salary of $2,500 a year, to be paid out of
the money appropriated for the support of the
jadioiary of the United States, lhat is the
long and the short of it. Under these cir-
cumstances, until I can look into it further, I
shall object to the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; letnsvote.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I desire is to have
these costs taxed in the bills of costs against
private parties.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is precisely what the
bill does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I assure the Senator, with
my knowledge of the mode of adjusting the
accounts, that it is not what he supposes. If
he will add the words "the proper proportion
to be taxed as costs in the respective cases,"
it will be right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio move to amend the amend-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes ; but I am not pre-
pared to submit the precise language. The
idea is that the charges of this stenographer
Bhould be taxed as costs in the cases to the
proper parties in the suit. With that provision,
I shall nave no objection to the bill; indeed,
I think it would be a great convenience to the
court; but the expense ought not to be taxed
to the United States. I submit that sugges- !
tion to my friend from Maine. i
Mr. HAMLIN. I assure the Senator that ,
the bill does not tax one cent to the United
States. It provides that this shall be paid out
of the fees received by the clerk, and those fees
are all specified by law, and there is a surplus
of those fees; and it is out of that surplus this
payment is to be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that a proviso
like this be added:
Provided, lhat nothing shall be paid out of any
appropriation from the Treasury.
Mr. HAMLIN. I haveno objection to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will satisfy me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had occasion once to
look into this matter. The clerk of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, who is a most
excellent gentleman and accounts for every
dollar of fees that are collected, is allowed a
certain compensation, I think it is only $4,000 i
a year; and he is required to account for all
the fees that he collects to the Treasury of the
United States. He turns over every dollar
beyond his salary, and there is a considerable
surplus; I cannot tell how much, though I
once had the figures. Now, here is a proposi-
tion to take that surplus and pay a stenogra-
pher; and I say to the Senator from Maine
that it is precisely the same thing as if the bill
provided that $2,500 should be paid to a stenog-
rapher, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise apprporiated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the judi-
ciary fund is first made up of a very large
appropriation, usually $1,500,000 a year.
Then it is made up by several balances col-
lected from various officers over and above
their legal fees. That is the judiciary fund,
and this money comes out of that fund unques-
tionably.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only want to express it
as a matter of opinion that a stenographer
would save tenfold the cost of his employment
by the time that would be saved in the trial of
causes before this court. That is my judg-
ment—ten times the salary would be «aved
every year. I will add to the last section:
! | Provided, That none of this money shall be paid
:; out of any sums appropriated by Congress.
i But I cannot conceive why Senators should
! wish that the litigants in this District should
; I pay money into the Treasury to be appro pri-
i ated to other purposes, particularly when that
1 j money may be diverted to an office that will
! | save ten dollars where they aek to take one
from it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest an amend-
ment that will meet my views and perhaps the
view of the Senate, that the cost of reporting
in all cases shall be taxed in the bill of costs
under the order of the court.
Mr. HAMLIN. For reporting the evi-
dence ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I think that
ought to be done. Then if the United States
have a cause and lose it they will pay their
proportion. Private parties ought to pay the
cost of writing down the testimony in their
cases, and it ought not to be charged to the
United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a great deal
more in this than Senators seem to suppose.
In the State of California we have had a system
of short-hand reporters in our courts for agood
many years. It has given us a great deal of
trouble there to get the system into a satisfac-
tory condition, but nobody there even dreamed
of making the expenses of the stenographer a
charge upon the public. From the beginning
his expenses were arranged by statute at so
much a day and so much a folio for any copy
of his notes written out for the use of any party
to a controversy who might call for it.
I suggest to Senators to consider also, before
they adopt this bill in its present shape, what
kind of precedent they are establishi ng and what
8ortof a system they are commencing. We have
a large number of district courts in the United
States. AVe have a large number, though not
so large, of circuit courts in the United States.
There is no reason which makes this bill proper
for the court in this District which does not
make it equally proper, to say the least, for eveiy
Federal court, district and circuit throughout
the United States. The result will be that you
will have a system of stenographers through-
out the country at the public expense, each one
having a salary, and perhaps alter awhile a
certain amount of incidental perquisites and
expenses, all of which will eventually fall upon
the public. In my judgment this bill cannot
be -put in a proper shape by any amendment
that any Senator is prepared to suggest.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thenyou had better object
to it."
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to object.
I would prefer that the bill should be recom-
mitted to the committee with instructions to
report it back so classifying the charges of the
stenographer for his services that they may be
taxed against the parties litigant iu the causes.
1 know of no reason why the Treasury should
bear such an expense. I make that motion
now, as the most desirable mode of enabling
the committee to arrive at a satisfactory result.
At all events, that will give an opportunity for
gentlemen when the bill next appears here to
propose the proper amendments. Our State
law iu California is an excellent law on this
subject, and I commeud it to the attention of
the gentlemen of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that it is better
to have a little more information about this
subject. I have the impression, from some-
thing I have heard quite recently, that there is
a person connected with the court now under
a salary who does this sort of thing to a greater
or less extent, and that this bill possibly may
be, without the committee's knowing it, pro-
viding for a double compensation. Therefore
I think, with the permission of my friend from
Maine, that it had better either go over or go
bbek to his committee. Which does he prefer?
I think it had better go over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be well
to recommit this bill with a view to have an
amendment made that shall give the court
power to authorize the employment of a stenog-
rapher, the costs to be taxed to the proper
pa;tie« in the various causes.
Mr EDMUNDS. For the purpose of a
motion to recommit I withdraw the objection
to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia made that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to recommit.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE WRIGHT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 493) for the relief of George Wright.
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for the payment
to George Wright of $1,500, in full consider-
ation for the entire past and future use by the
.Government of the United States of his patent
linch-pin ; but he is first to execute and deposit
with the War Department a full, sufficient, and
legal transfer and license to the Government
to use said linch-pin for Government purposes
free of all charges or royalty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
