1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
to us to guaranty to that, people a republican
form of government, and we are doing nothing
else; and I have yet to learn that Congress
has not the authority in a case where it is
necessary to exercise it to uphold a repub-
lican constitution in a State.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to put a question to him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I want to know of him
whether under the section of the Georgia con-
stitution which reads "and the General As-
sembly may by law change the time of election,
and the members shall hold until their success-
ors are elected and qualified," he holds it to
be competent for the Legislature of Georgia,
to use a hackneyed phrase, to perpetuate their
power by an act of the Assembly?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. HOWARD. I desired to know what
the views of the Senator were on that question,
because I regard it as very important.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very important in
two senses; first, as a practical question 
Mr. HO WARD. If that be not the opinion
of the honorable Senator, if he does not believe
such to be the proper construction of that clause
which I have read, why is it that he has favored
this Bingham amendment, so called, which
assumes to give to that clause a construction
by act of Congress, the inference being per-
fectly clear that the drafter of that amendment
did suppose that the Legislature of Georgia
had this power of self perpetuation?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not agree with the
Senator as to his inference. I do not know
what the drafter of the clause thought other-
wise than from reading the clause, because I
have never exchanged a word with him on the
subject.
Mr. HOWARD. It is manifest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it is. I
think my friend from Michigan has forgotten
to bear m mind the fact that it is frequent in
legislation to provide against a misconstruction
of a statute or of a constitution which any-
body proposes to set up as a matter of pre-
caution to put the true construction upon an
instrument when it is necfessary to say anything
about it. Am I not right in such a sugges-
tion ?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly, as a gen-
eral proposition that is correct; but I want to
know, then, what danger the honorable Senator
himselfseesthatsuch construction will be given
to the Legislature of Georgia?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is only this dan-
ger : it was stated to members of the committee,
as I said, after they had settled this question
practically, and before the latter part of our
report was drawn; it was then brought to our
knowledge—I do not mean to say that there
was any concealment about it before—that it
was contended by certain gentlemen in Geor-
gia that the Legislature had this power of voting
itself over, and that the process which it was
intended to resort to to keep the present Legis-
lature in existence after next January was to
have the present Legislature composed in the
wav I have said, to vote bylaw under that con-
stitution to postpone the next election until
November, 1872. That was one thing that was
proposed.
Then our attention was called to it, and the
question was what that clause meant. I think
a majority of the committee were clearly of
the opinion that, taken in connection with the
whole framework of the constitution, it did
not authorize anything of the kind, but only
authorized the change of day within the two
years, that it might be more convenient to hold
the election on some other Tuesday than the
first Tuesday in November, but not to change
the term of office of the Legislature.
Some other gentlemen of the committee
thought that was doubtful, and that a literal
construction of that clause might authorize on
the face of it such a thing; but however that
might be, weall agreed. I believe unanimously,
including my honored friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman,] that if the Legislature should at-
tempt to put a construction of that kind ou
that clause, no matter whether it would bear
it or not, as a matter of literal construction,
it would be an outrage upon republican prin-
ciples of government, and that a constitu-
tion which should be tortured or construed
into giving a Legislature the,power to post-
pone the election of its successors, and to hold
over at its own will, would be anti-republican
and would bring into play, and into rightful
play, that clause in the Constitution of the
United States which declares that Congress
shall guaranty—that is, as my friend and I
found an opportunity to maintain the other
day—to secure to the people of Georgia a re-
publican form of government. We all agreed
to it, Democrats and Republicans, although I
say we differed as to the literal construction
of the phrase itself; but we all agreed that if
such a construction should be put upon it, it
would justify Congress, under the Constitution
of the United States, in setting its foot upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the so-called Bing-
ham amendmentis inserted in this bill to guard
against the danger of such a construction by the
local authorities of Georgia?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In part. There is another
reason.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it not entire?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not entirely, because
that raises the other branch of the proposition
which I was about to come to. So far it is
that; but now I was going to state to my friend
from Michigan—and I am obliged to him for
these interruptions, because they serve to elu-
cidate what we are all trying to get at—that a
further suggestion was made by these gentle-
men, and in the best spirit; I do not complain
of it. When it was suggested by some of us
that it was impossible rightly to put such a
construction on that clause, that they could
not vote themselves over, that that would never
do, it was then intimated that there was another
road out of the difficulty, by which this Legis-
lature could still hold on for two years, which
was the point to begot at; and that was, instead
of coming in at the end to cut off at the begin-
ning; instead of voting themselves oyer, to
declare that they never had begun their term
until now. That is not under their constitu-
tion precisely, but under some possible con-
struction of the ordinance, in that part of it
that my friend from Nevada read after the
opening phrase. It was not contended fo? by
anybody I ever heard of, until to-day, that the
ordinance itself would warrant any such con-
struction, but that the opening preamble to it
would; and that was this:
'' Whereas all civil officers of the State are only
provisional until this State is represented in Con-
gress."
Out of these words gentlemen undertook to
convince me by fair argument—I dare say
they believed in it—that this Legislature was
only provisional, and then jumped at the con-
clusion that if it was provisional it had a per-
petual term. Now, Mr. President, the Bing-
ham amendment is designed also, not under
the constitution of Georgia, but under the
reconstruction acts of Congress, to declare
that that Legislature shall not be permitted
under pretense—and I do not use the word
pretense offensively—under color of claiming
, that they had not begun their legal existence
I to date their term from now instead of from
I the time they were organized in 1868, because,
as we understand this ordinance of elections,
and as we understand the constitution, it was
the will of that people who were permitted to
vote for these officers that they should hold
their offices until November, 1870, when there
should be another election. That is what the
people by the ordinance and the constitution
determined.
The Bingcam amendment is inserted, there-
fore, for the twofold purpose of meeting by a
disapproval in advance the express and avowed
intention of the gentlemen who now have pos-
session of this government, organized as it is,
on one or the other of these constructions of
the constitution or of the ordinance either to
vote themselves over or to declare (which would
come to the same thing practically) that their
terms had not begun until now, and in either
event to hold two years longer than the plain
language of the ordinance and of the constitu-
tion says they shall hold. That is the whole of
it; and I am sure my friend will justify me in
saying that it is a very necessary and a very
proper thing when Congress is rightfully legis-
lating over the subject at all to protect the fair
and true construction of this ordinance and of
the constitution against what Congress may
think would be the illegal and unjustifiable
action of this Legislature. We always do it
and we always ought to do it under such cir-
cumstances.
I have said that it is not of the least conse-
quence to this question of duration of term
whether this Legislature was a provisional
government or whether it was a State govern-
ment, inchoate and imperfect. I will state now,
having explained all that I wish to say upon
that point, what is my view touching the real
nature of the Legislature. I supposed that had
been settled long ago. _ The ordinance upon
which this construction is based sets out with
saying that all civil officers, speaking on the
loth of Marc Jw 1868, before this election, "all
civil officers or the State are only provisional
until this State is represented in Congress.
What then ?. I asked my friend from Nevada
to read the next clause, but he did not find it
convenient in connection with that argument.
There it says:
" And whereas the interest ofGreorgia requiresthat
all civil offices should bo filled by loyal citizens,
according to t.he provisions ofthe constitution being
framod by this convention, at the earliest practieablo
moment, and for the purpose of avoiding unnecessary
delay or loss of time and useless expenseto the State,
" It is ordained. That an election be held, beginning
on the 20th day of April, 1868," &c.
What for ? Anybody who understands lan-
guage, I am sure, reading together all that I
have read, cannot fail to see that it was the pur-
pose of this ordinance to provide for getting
rid of the provisional officers that it was speak-
ing about and to substitute in their place a
constitutional government; and it says so in
terms, inasmuch as the civil officers now are
provisional, in order that a constitutional gov-
ernment should take its place we provide for
electing officers under this constitution to put
it into force and effect. Then it goes on to
make the provision which my friend from Ne-
vada lead, that these people should be elected
on a certain day, that they should be estab-
lished and organized as a State government
from that time when the military commander
of the district should turn the government
over to them. They said that in terms. It is
not onen to construction, Mr. President; it is
not open to fair cavil. If human language is
worth anything the plain and positive _ state-
ment in that ordinance in connection with the
constitution, or without it, declares in terms
that the persons elected shall hold until the
regular succession provided for in the consti-
tution, two years from November, 1868. It
says so. It cannot be rubbed out.
Then, when are they to begin? It says m
S express terms, as my friend read, that they
! are to begin when tke commander of the dis-
| trict turns the government over to them. And
when did he turn it over? He turned it over
on the 22d of July, 1868, by a public procla-
mation and order. Then the provisional gov-
ernor of Georgia, Governor Bullock, who had
been appointed provisional governor by t e
military commander immediately on his e p
tion, ceased to be provisional governor aua
signed his official documents and performed
his official functions from that time forth *>
Governor of the State of Georgia, chanBin„
his title. He was sworn in m the presence
of the military authorities as Governor. H*.
