1870.
THE CONGKESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
4791
to representation removing every possible pre-
text for the continuance of the military orders
I have read.
I shall support it as the best I can do, though
I deny, and shall ever deny, the right of Con-
gress to legislate at all in this matter, believ-
ing Georgia to be a State in this Union now,
coequal with any other. I regard the substi-
tute as far better than the Senate bill could
possibly have been made by any amendments,
yet I should have voted for that, amended as I
proposed, rather than by my failure to vote
have sat by and seen an act passed by Con-
gress to prolong for two years the present mis-
erable plundering dynasty there; and inso doing
I know I would be carrying out the wishes of
all the best^ men in Georgia of all shades of
political opinion, whose wishes and opinions
I have taken no ordinary pains to ascertain in
the last few weeks. Their desires of course
greatly influence my action.
I want this House and the country distinctly
to understand that I would not, even to save
Georgiafrom oppression, do an act or cast a
vote which would subvert civil by military gov-
ernment there. I would rather that my right
hand should wither and my tongue cleave to
the roof of my mouth than so act or vote as to
overthrow republican liberty anywhere; but
when it is already overthrown, and I must
determine whether that state of things shall
continue for at least two years and a half or be
ended in six months, and my failure to vote
may produce the former result and destroy all
chance for the latter, I do not feel at liberty to
withhold my aid in rescuing a great, generous,
and noble people from such a tyranny at the
earliest possible moment.
Gentlemen who feel as I do must not deceive
themselves by the delusion that we are now
dealing with the Georgia known in the Con-
stitution as one of the original thirteen free,
sovereign States that formed the United States.
She and her constitution have been stricken
down in these Halls; reconstruction and re-
reconstruction has debased, degraded, and
destroyed her State government till nothing
but the name of Georgia remains. We have
opposed, resisted, protested, and denounced
these proceedings step by step ; our appeals
and our protests have been alike unheeded;
and now all that remains seems to be to unite
with the more moderate of our political oppo-
nents who seek to put an end at the earliest
period to the horrible condition in which they
cannot fail to see that their legislation and the
action of the President and his military sub-
ordinates have thrown that State, and restore
self-government there.
Mr. PE11CE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
discuss this question upon the supposition that
if the friends of the amendment offered to the
original bill by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bixgiiam] succeed in adopting the bill advo-
cated by the gentleman from Illinois, the idea
contained in that amendment will be substan-
tially adopted by the House; while, on the
other hand, if their amendments fail the views
of the Committee on Reconstruction, as em-
bodied in the bill offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will obtain.
The issue was raised entirely by the amendment
of the gentlemanfrom Ohio. I have examined
the original bill carefully, and find nothing [
warranting the slightest supposition that by !
the passage of the act as originally reported by j
the committee any of the offices now filled in ;
the State of Georgia could or would be vacated, j
'or the official term of any officer of the State j
extended beyond the term limited by the con-
stitution of the State. The bill is identical j
with those admitting the States of Mississippi, I
Virginia, and Texas, and could not be con- j
strued in any way to authorize the government i
now existing in Georgia to alter or amend its |
constitution otherwise than in the manner pro- |
vidcd for in and by the constitution itself. ]
The provisions of the constitution of Geor- I
giu in legard to its officer?, legislative, exeeu- 1
tive, and judicial, and their respective terms,
are as follows:
"The members of the senate shall be elected for
yc&rs* except that the members elected at the
first election from the twenty-two senatorial districts
„ rf\la, constitution with odd numbers,
shall only hold their office for two years. Themem-
bersol the house of representatives shall be elected
tor two years. IheelectionformembersoftheGen-
eral Assembly shall begin on Tuesday after the first
Monday m .November of every second year, except
the first election, which shall be within sixty days
after the adjournment of this convention; but the
treneral Assembly may by law change the time of
election, and the members shall hold until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified." * * *
The executive power shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall hold his office during the term of
tour years, and until such time as a successor shall
be chosen and qualified. He shall have a competent
salary established by law, which shall not be in-
creased or diminished during the period for which he
shall have been elected; nor shall lie receive within
that period any other emolument from the United
states, or either of them, or from any foreign Power.
Afterthefirsteleetion theGovernorshallbeelect-
ed quadrennially, by the persons qualified to vote for
the members of the General Assembly, on the Tues-
day alter the first Monday in November, until such
time be altered bylaw, which election shall be held
at the places of holding general elections in the sev-
eral counties of this State, in the same manner as is
prescribed for the election of members of the Gen-
eral Assembly." * * * * * * *
" There shall be a secretary of State, a comptroller
general, a treasurer, and surveyor general elected
by the General Assembly, and tbey shall hold their
offices for the like period as the Governor, and shall
haveacompetent salary, which shall not be increased
or diminished during the period for which they shall
have been elected. The General Assembly may at.
anytime consolidate any two of these office-;, and
require all the duties to be discharged by one officer."
"The supreme court shall consist of three judges,
two of whom shall constitute a quorum. Yfhen a
majority of the judges are disqualified from deciding
any case, by interest or otherwise, the Governor shall
designate certain judges of the superior courts to sit
in their stead. At the first appointment of judges of
the supreme court under this constitution, one shall
be appointed for four years, one for eight years, and
one for twelve years; but all subsequent appoint-
ments, except to fill unexpired terms, shall be tor the
term of twelve years."
"There shall be a judge of the superior courts for
each judicial circuit, lie may act in other circuits
when authorized by law. At the first appointment
of such judges under this constitution, one half of
the number (as near as may be) shall be appointed
for lour years, and the other half for eight years."
" The district judges and attorneys shall hold their
offices for a period of four years, and shall receive
for their services such slated compensation, in their
respective districts, as may be provided by law, but
in no event shall their compensation be in anvwise
dependent on fines, forfeitures, or costs."
" The ordinary shall holu hib office fort lie term of
four years, and until his successor is elected and
qualified." *
"There shall be in each district one justice of the
peace, whose official term, except when elected to
fill an unexpired term, shall be four years."
" Notaries public may be appointed and commis-
sioned by theGovernoi, not to exceed one for each
militia district, for a term of four years, and shall
be, ev officio, justices of the peace." - •• " '•
"There shall be an attorney general of the State,
whose official term, except when appointed to fill an
unexpired term, shall be tour years."
"There shall be a solicitor general for each judi-
cial circuit, whose official term, except when ap-
pointed to fill ail unexpired term, shall be four
years." x : * . •<  
" The office of State school commissioner is hereby
created. He shall be appointed by the Governor*
wirh the consent of the senate, and shall hold his
office for the same term as the Governor. The Gen-
eral Assembly shall provide for the said commissioner
a competent salary and nceessary eicrk. He shall
keep his ofiice at the seat of government."
" The county officers recognized as existing by the
laws of this Btate, and not abolished by this consti-
tution, shall, where not otherwise provided for in
this constitution, be elected by the qualified voters
of their respective counties or districts, and shall
lioid their offices for two years. They shall be re-
movable on conviction for malpractice in ofiice, or
on the address of two thirds of the senate."
Thus we see, if an election in the fall of the
present year be ordered it will be, or ought to
be, for one half of the senators and all the i
representatives of the Legislature, and for the j
county officers throughout the State. The !
constitution declares when and in what man- !
ner the elections shall be held; and it so de- !
Glaring, I know of no power to change it. it j
may be construed, and that construction may j
be different from the generally conccued idea i
of its meaning, but that it can be changed is
utterly and entirely without the theory of con-
stitutional government, save by the method and
in the manner indicated or pointed out by the
instrument itself. Furthermore, to carry the
idea to its fullest extent, there is in the theory
and practice of our Government and that of
the several States of the Union, from the be-
ginning to the present time, but one branch
of the Government clothed with authority to
make such constructions of the Constitution
and laws, State and national, as shall be bind-
ing on the people. That branch is the judicial
department. And yet we are asked in this
House to construe the constitution of the State
of Georgia, and upon that construction to pass
an enabling act.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have referred to the offi-
cers of the State of Georgia and their terms
of office more for the purpose of pointing out
the fact that false issues have been raised in
the argument of this case, and that gentlemen
have sought to influence this House and the
Senate by matter entirely extraneous. It is
charged here that Governor Bullock, of Geor-
gia, is endeavoring through lobby influences
to fasten himself upon the people of Georgia,
to maintain himself in power against the con-
sent of the people of that State ; in other words,
to legislate himself into position as Governor
of Georgia, and to establish himself as general
manager, speculator, and peculator of certain
railroads in that State. Now, sir, whatever
action be taken in this House, so long as we
follow the lead of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixgiiam,] or any of the members who fol-
low him in his amendment to the original bill,
we do not in any wise interfere with Governor
Bullock, or his office, for at least two years from
the fail of 1870. Whether he manages or mis-
manages the railroads of Georgia, the amend-
ment or any subsequent bill offered by its friends
does not interfere with his term of office up to
the fall of 1872, but on the contrary expressly
declares that his seat shall not be vacated.
I submit, therefore, that Governor Bullock's
name, character, conduct, action, whether as
a private citizen, public functionary, or rail-
way manager, is improperly before the House.
I do not know the gentleman otherwise than
by a casual introduction. I have seen him,
spoken with him, read of him in the public
prints, and can only say he looks and speaks
like a man of character and ability, and his
reputation is that of one who always and under
all circumstances has stood by, defended, and
upheld the loyal men of the South. Bat
whether his looks, speech, and reputation belie
him or not, is not a matter in issue, and is a
matter entirely foreign to the record as made
by the bill and its several amendments in this
House. The question is not who shall be Gov-
ernor of the State of Georgia, but how shall
we complete the reconstruction of the State of
Georgia? Now, Mr. Speaker, if I understand
aright, it is claimed that the constitution of
Georgia provides that there shall be an elec-
tion for members of the Legislature of that
State next fall. If this be the fact, or rather
if this be the proper construction of the law,
what is the necessity for the amendment to the
bill as originally reported? This House is no
place to construe the law. There is another
department of the Government having exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the matter. A construction
in this body aims at the very life of the several
States, even as governments subordinate to the
General Government.
Each of the States has special tribunals for
determining the law, fundamental and legisla-
tive ; and if you override their constitution
and laws you might as well take the whole
matter in hand at once and legislate and de-
cide for the people of the several States with-
out going through the cumbrous and expensive
process of State, legislative, and judicial de-
partments. Ii'this Congress can decide ques-
tions of this character, and construe the con-
stitution and laws of a State, the State is left
