1870.
THB CONGBESSIONAh GrLOBB.
2903
(S. No. 445) to amend an ast for a grant of
lands to the State of Kansas, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads and telegraphs in said State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a land grant. It
had better go over.
Mr. ROSS. It is no land grant.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there can be no
objection to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will hear the bill read
before I object.
Tbe Secretary read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, £c., That section fourth of an act
for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads and telegraphs in said State, approved
March 3,1863, be so amended as to read: That when
the Governor of said State shall certify, and the
Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied, that a
section of twenty consecutive miles in extent of
either of said roads or branches referred to in said
act is completed in a good, substantial, and work-
manlike manner, as a first-class railroad, the said
State may cause to be sold all the lands granted and
selected for the purposes indicated in the'act to
which this is an amendment, situated within the
limits of twenty mites from the lino thereof, and
.situated opposite to and conterminate with said com-
pleted section of road, and so on continually as fast
as twenty consecutive miles of said road are finished
until the whole is completed."
Mr. POMEROY. I think I can explain
this in a moment. In the act of Congress of
1863 making this grant of lands there were
two other companies besides this one named,
and it was provided that before any one of the
companies should have the fall benefit of the
grant all the other roads and all the other
branches must be built. The effect of this bill
is to separate each company and allow each
company to have its lands on the completion
of its road. The only fault in the old law was
that it united tbe companies and made the one
dependent on the other, so that if one company
failed and the other company did not fail the
company that did not fail conld not get its
lands. I refer now to the compensation lands,
as they are called; the lands outside of the first
ten-mile limit. This changes the old law so
that each company may get its land on the
completion of its road.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator from
Kansas remember the quantity of land granted
per mile?
Mr. POMEROY. The old law granted five
alternate sections on each side of the road,
with the right to go ten miles further to make
np for deficiencies.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will permit
one little amendment to come in I shall have
no objection ; if he will say '' not exceeding
ten sections per mile-i'
Mr. POMEROY. Of course they cannot
exceed that in any event. I shall have no
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to amend by inserting 1' not exceed -
ingten sections per mile" after thewords "and
so on."
Mr. ROSS. That does not mean anything.
This bill simply gives the company possession
now of the original grant made by the law of
1863.
Mr. HARLAN. It will not hart the bill to
put in the amendment. If you are snre you
cannot get more it will do no harm. I differ
with you as to the construction of the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I followed the read-
ing of the bill, one difference between tbe old
section and this is that the present bill author-
izes the disposition of a strip of land within
twenty miles of the road, whereas the original
section provides that it shall be within a limit
of ten miles of the line.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read
the law he will see that they make np for defi-
ciencies by going twenty miles for lands defi-
cient within the first ten miles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely. 1 will read
the whole section for the benefit of the Senate
end of my friend from Kansas, and they will
see that this is quite a change of the original
section:
" That the lands hereby granted to said Stateshall
be disposed of by said State only in the manner fol-
lowing, that is to say, when tho Governor of said
State shall certify to the Secretary of tho Interior
that any twenty miles of either of said roads or
branches is completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner as a first-class railroad, and
the said Secretary shall be satisfied that said Stato
has complied in goodfaith with this requirement, tho
J said Stato may cause to be sold all the lands granted
, as aforesaid, situated opposite to and within a limit
I of ten miles of the line of said section of road thus
completed, extending along tho whole length of said
1 completed section of twenty miles of road, and no
1 further."
;, That is one part of section four of the act of
1863, which is in substance just like this bill,
, except that by this bill the word "ten" ismade
i to read " twenty." Then all the rest of the sec-
} tion, by this substitute section, is stricken out.
; I will now read what this bill provides for
; striking out altogether:
! And when the Governor of said State shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary
: shall be satisfied, that another section of said roads
| or branches, twenty consecutive miles in extent,
1 connecting with the preceding section, is completed
I as aforesaid, the said State may cause to bo sold all
( the lands gran ted and situated opposite to and within
j the limit of ten miles of the line of said completed
section of road, and extending tho length of said
section, and so, from time to time, until said road3
and branches are completed. And when the Gov-
ernor of said State shall so certify, and tho Seoretary
of the Interior shall be satisfied, that the whole of
said roads and branches and telegraph are completed
in a good, substantial, and workmanliko manner, as
first-class railroads and telegraph, the said State
may cause to be sold all the remaining lands granted
and selected for the purposes indicated in this act,
situated within the said limits of twenty miles from
the line thereof throughout the entire length of said
road and branches: Provided, That if any part of
■aid roads and branches is not completed within ten
years from the passage of this act no iui ther sale shall
be made, and the lands unsold shall revert to the
United States.
The effect of this then is—although I do not
know that it is my business, living so far ofF,
to appreciate it much—to relieve the State
of Kansas from what were thought to be the
wholesome restrictions of this act of 1863, lim-
iting the selection of lands and the immediate
sale of them by the State as fast as the road
was built to ten miles, and holding back what-
ever they might be entitled to in the shape of
compensatory lands outside, until the whole
line should be completed. Now this bill gives
the State all the land without respect to con-
terminous sections of road 
Mr. POMEROY. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon. I say it
gives the land without respect to the conterm-
inous sections of the road. Just as fast as they
may complete twenty miles in length they shall :
have twenty miles in width, without regard to
its being a continuous line. That.is the effect
of it as I understand.
Mr. HARLAN. With my amendment in
they can only take ten sections a mile for the
road as fast as it is built; and we are willing
that they shall take that much land if they can
find it within the limit of twenty miles.
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to read, for the
benefit of the Senator from Vermont, the lan-
guage of this bill. He says it is without regard
to a conterminous completed section. Now, it
Situated within the limits of twenty miles from
the line thereof, and situated opposite to and con-
terminate with said completed section of road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tbe Senator either does
not understand me, or I do not understand
him. My proposition was not at all that they
were permitted to take lands outside of the
contermination of the twenty miles built. My
proposition is that they are permitted by this
bill to build twenty miles of road in one place,
and then twenty miles in another place where
the lands are the best, and obtain them at once
where it is most profitable to build it, and not
have any continuous line of road at all; and
in answer to that my friend points me to a
phrase which merely entitles them to twenty
consecutive sections for every mile th^t may
be built anywhere. That does not meet the
point at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator sup-
pose they would build twenty miles of road,
and then skip twenty miles, and then build
again ? I did not know he meant that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly what the
act of 1863 intended to provide against.
Mr. POMEROY. I never knew a company
that built a road that would not make a con-
tinuous line as far as they could. As the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] suggests, what
would a railroad be good for if the company
built twenty miles, then skipped twenty, and
then built twenty more? People never build
a railroad like that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can illustrate to the
Senator from Maine very readily what such a
road would be good for, though it might not
apply here. The Senator from Maine might
know that a road might be very good from
Portland, in the direction of Boston, as far as
Portsmouth, and very good from Augwgta to
Bangor, and he might get a charter for a whole
length of road, and build twenty miles at any
place he chose, and twenty miles at another
place; and the intervening gap, being through
a mountainous country, with no communication,
where theline would never pay, hemight choose
to have his road in two parts, as has been shown
in some of the northwestern States. So that
the act of 1868 intended to provide and did pro-
vide, wisely or unwisely, against such a thing.
1 do not know that any such thing is to be ap-
prehended here; but I was only pointing out
to the Senate the difference that did exist be-
tween the law as it stands and the law as it is
proposed to be amended.
Mr. ROSS. It may be sufficient to state
that two of these roads are now nearly com-
pleted; they are within twenty days of comple-
tion, while the other one is probably within
one or two years; but none of the roads can
take lands without the ten-mile limit until they
are all completed. The purpose of this bill is
to remove this restriction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to insert the words "not exceeding in all ten
sections per mile of road actually built."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to meet the
suggestion of the Senator from Vermont by
inserting a clause providing that the comple-
tion of such consecutive sections shall be from
the initial point fixed in the original act. It
is true, as the Senator from Vermont says, that
the company did not begin at the initial point.
They have built a continuous road, but they
did not begin at the point fixed in the original
act. That is the only criticism the Senator
from Vermont makes which is a deviation from
the original act.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I move this amendment:
Provided, That tho completion of such consecutive
sections shall be from the initial point fixed in the
original act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. POMEROY. The only criticism the
Senator can make is that they did not begin at
the point fixed in the act.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that pro-
viso ought to be put in. They began at To-
?eka, instead of at another point east of that.
think they ought to be permitted to build the
road out into the lands belonging to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. POMEROY. The only difference io
this: they will be obliged to build that road,
but not necessarily to build it first.
Mr. HARLAN. They will have to do it
ultimately, but I am willing that they should
build it out into our lands if they are willing
to do so.
