1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
delivered an inaugural address to the Legisla-
ture as Governor. The State government was
launched into its existence in accordance with
the very terms of that ordinance which said it
should be launched when the military com-
mander should turn it over.
Now, we may wish it were otherwise, Mr.
President; we might be very glad if these events
had not taken place. From my point of view I
Bhouldbe very glad, because I think it would
have been better for Georgia to have held her
under military rule all the time. But the ques-
tion for us as legislators, responsible to the
country and to our conscience, is when a matter
of fact is before us to look at it manfully and
bravely as it is. It is not necessary that we
should perpetrate any self-deception about this
business. I do not know that conscious self-
deception is a very worthy thing, even in a poli-
tician. Now, there is the fact that this govern-
ment, instead of being a provisional govern-
ment, in the language ofthe reconstruction acts,
was a State government, organized t;s a State
government, elected as a State government,
intended by Congress in the very reconstruction
acts themsslves to take tho place of the provis-
ional governmentthathad existed there before.
The enactments themselves say that in order to
supply State governments the people may hold
elections, may have conventions, may form
constitutions, may elect Legislatures, and they
being elected, and Congress beim; satisfied that
their constitutions are republican and that the
conditions upon which Congress is willing to
admit them have been complied with, they
shall be admitted to representation.
Why, Mr. President, this question arose
when there was greater motive than now, if
possible, for deciding it the other way, two
years ago. When this very Legislature met
in 1868, tho General of the Army, now our
honored President of the United States, was
called upon, under the advice of his political
friends, ourselves—I do not mean myself in-
dividually, but the great body of those Repub-
licans who had carried these measures for-
ward—to say whether the newly-elected Legis-
latures were provisional, and so were required
to take what we call the test-oath, or whether
they were newly-elected Stato Legislatures to
whom only the provision of the fourteenth
article of amendment could be applied. And
what did he say ? Here are the documents in
this report, and they have been before you for
two years. He instructed General Meade, and
instructed the authorities of Louisiana, where
the same question arose, that the members of
the Legislature were not members of a pro-
visional Legislature; that these new Legisla-
tures were not provisional Legislatures under
the acts of Congress; and in express terms he
instructed the military commander that he
must not administer the teat-oath, because it
was applying a test to them which did not
belong to them, but should only enforce the
fourteenth amendment upon them which ap-
plies to members of State Legislatures. And
ho was backed up in that opinion by the emi-
nent authority of the Judiciary Committee of
the House of Representatives, the present
Secretary of tho Treasury, the then chairman
of that committee, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, and
of other gentlemen whose opinions could be
taken and sent forward as evidence of what
the political construction that our party put
upon the reconstruction acts was. That has
been acted upon in every State. The test-oath
in every one of these new Legislatures that
has been organized has never been adminis-
tered, because it was perfectly understood on
every side that these Legislatures did notcome
within tho "provisional'' sense of the recon-
struction acts at all; but they were the new
independent, sovereign Legislatures, when we
chose to recognize them, which were to take
the place of the provisional governments.
Now, where do we find excuse for stultifying
ourselves, for stultifying the President of the
United States, and for flying in the face of
these statutes and" this history, merely because
it is convenient to our friends in Georgia to
hold on1 for a coupla of years more? Why,- sir,
it is much better that we should submit to a
great deal of inconvenience there; it is much
better that that State should go Democratic, ten
thousand times over, than it is that we, in the
Face of an intelligent country, to say nothing of
higher principles of truth and justice, should
stand up and show such an evidence of mere
political—I was about to say trickery; I willnot
say that because some gentlemen do not agree
with me as to what the construction of this is.
I do not wish to be offensive for I do not feel
so. I only feel sad that in the face of this history
to which we cannot shut our eyes gentlemen
should be able to persuade themselves, for ever
so good an object in a mere present practical
point of view, to overthrow the settled course
of administration in this respect, and to fly in
the face of the plainest constitutional provis-
ions. There is the difficulty.
But leaving this question of law, which any
intelligent gentleman can decide for himself
by reading the doenments, where is the practi-
cal danger of making this provision of precau-
tion ? That is to say, where is the practical
danger of having an election for members of
the House of Representatives and on® half of
the Senators in Georgia this fall? Senators
say there is great danger of tumult, of unfair-
ness, of fraud, of violence in this election. It
may be that there is. There is danger of that
all over tho country, greater or less. But have
we not, in a constitutional way, as great power
to protect the people of Georgia against this
apprehended or suspected violence as we have
by this questionable and unfair machinery ?
The fifteenth amendment, when we admit
this State and Texas, will have been adopted,
unquestionably adopted. Leaving out New
York, leaving out Indiana, the fifteenth amend-
ment, which secures to the colored cit.zens
of the South the right to vote, will have i>een
adopted; and with that will have been carried
to us not only the jiower, but the duty of pro-
viding that every citizen of the United States
in every State—Georgia, Maryland, Delaware,
every State—who has the right to vote shall be
protected in that right fairly. I do not appre-
hend that in many States there will be any
strong effort to deprive them of the right to
vote ; the world moves too fast for that. But
suppose there is, Congress has ample power.
The whole power of the nation can constitu-
tionally be brought to bear upon the State of
Georgia to have a free and fair election there,
not only of members of Congress, which will
come on at the same time, but also of mem-
bers of the Legislature, because it is tho con-
stitutional right of every citizen of Georgia to
vote freely for those members, or for whatever
persons he chooses to select.
Can we not protect them in it? If we can-
not we cannot protect them in it in this way,
by leaving everything at loose ends, by not
providing whether the Legislature shall hold
over or shall not hold over and leaving the
people in the State to dispute, disagreement,
and contest, when some parties, if the Legis-
lature attempt to forbid it, will attempt to
hold an election, as is their constitutional
right, and when that will be followed necessa-
rily by collision, by contest, by violence. On
the contrary, Mr. President, I believe as firmly
as I believe anything that to strike out this
provision and insert no other and leave that
people to themselves would be to invite the
very violence and disorder which Senators are
so anxious, and sincerely anxious, to prevent.
We have the constitutional power under the
amendment to seoure to every citizen of the
State of Georgia, however humble he may be,
the free exercise of his right in selecting the
members of the next Legislature.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question for information, not for the
purpose of caviling?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator, suppose the
legislative authority is found in that clause of
the constitution which the Senator was discuss-
ing a short time ago, to postpone the election,
does this bill correct that or override that au-
thority?
Mr.EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I think it does.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator call attention
to the language which does that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is in the first proviso:
Neither shall this act be construed to extend the
official term of any officer of said State beyond the
term limited by the constitution thereof, datmgfrom
the election or appointment of such officer; nor to
deprive the people of Georgia of the right, under
their constitution, to elect senators and represent-
atives of the State of Georgia in the year 1870, ei thor
on the day named in the constitution of said State
or such other day as the present Legislature may
designate by law.
That plainly and in terms requires that thing
to be done in the year 1870 in the State of
Georgia that its constitution says shall be
done; that is, there shall be an election. I
admit if my friend had carried his inquiry one
step further and asked me if there was any
provision that secured the same thing two
years after that I should have been obliged to
say it did not; that in that respect it is im-
perfect, it is not as full as it ought to be. I
am not the proprietor of this proviso, and I
am not to defend in candor, as I hope I should
defend everything as far as I defend it at all,
the adequacy of the amendment to reach all
that it ought to reach. But as a practical ques-
tion it was thought by the committee, when we
considered that very question in the light of the
suggestion of my friend from Wisconsin, if we
could preserve the peace and give an election
in Georgia according to its constitution and
under the securities of the fifteenth amendment
next November the crisis would be over, and
no future Legislature would ever attempt to
assert the right of postponing the election and
perpetuating itself under that clause. But if
it did, we all agreed, as 1 said, in committee,
Democrats and Republicans, that it would bo
the duty of Congress to correct such an evil if
it should ever show its head again. That is
the only excuse I have to offer for that.
Mr. HOWE. I am obliged to the Senator.
I have no further questions to ask, because in
his answer to the first he has answered the
second I should have put. I agree with the
Senator as to the meaning of the proviso and
as to its effect on the election in 1870, and I
agree with him as to its effect upon subsequent
elections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have only a word more
to say. I have occupied longer now than I
intendedtodo. Onthese practical questions of
future results one of the most hopeful signs
of the times—prima facie it would seem
a little odd that a warm Republican like my-
self should say it—one of the most hopeful
signs of the future of the South, as it appears
to me, I draw from an incident that I saw
by the papers occurred in New Orleans the
other day, where a respected late fellow-Sen-
ator of ours, one of the chief ornaments of
the Democratic party, ad'dressed a great body
of his Democratic fellow-citizens in that city.
He is a gentleman whom I expect to he the
next Democratic candidate for President; and
I am bound to say for his sake and for the
sake of the country that if we must have a
Democratic President—which may God for-
bid—we could not have a more acceptable
gentleman personally. Mr. Hendricks, in ad-
dressing the Democrats of the city of New
Orleans, of all colors and conditions, told
them some plain truths. He said that the
time for making war upon the negroes and
on the poor white men—the "poor white
trash," as they are called down there; the
white men who had been accustomed to labor,
and who believed in the necessity of man work-
ing for his living—that the time for under-
taking to carry on a party on such a basis and
to put down such men had gone by, and that
the mission of the Democratic party here-
