1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
muted u above, both those who were entitled
to take thirty-three and a third per cent, and
those who were entitled to twenty per cent.
The only questions before the House, it seems
to me, are whether he was entitled, whether
he was authorised by any existing statute to
make this sort of commutation, and fix what
should be allowed for quarters, and for fuel,
and for lights} and in the next place, whether
he allowed too much. Those two questions
are fair matter of comment and criticism by
the gentleman from Ohio, or any other gentle-
man. My own opinion is, that there never
ought to have been any such allowance as that,
bnt whatever Congress thinks is a fair com-
pensation for an officer of the Navy, or of the
Army, or in civil life, they should fix in a
. statute specifically, and leave nothing to allow-
ances for the purposes I have named, or for
travel, or to be made up in any other way. I
shall have occasion, in considering the legisla-
tive appropriation bill, to ask the House to con-
cur with me in this opinion.
Mr. MORGAN. I much regret, Mr. Speaker,
that the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] who has assumed the posi- j
tion of a reformer upon this floor, who has ;
heralded himself as the friend of retrenchment j
and the corrector of abuses, should so singu-
larly have abandoned his role, and that he
should appear here this morning as the apolo-
gist of the greatest abuse and the defender of
the most flagrant act of usurpation ever com-
mitted by the head of any Department since the
organization of this Government. I now ask :
the honorable gentleman whether he means to |
say that the repeal of the acfrto which he refers I
conferred upon the Secretary of the Navy au- !
thority to increase the pay of the naval officers
one third by his simple order?
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Ohio has
entirely misunderstood me. I have not as-
sumed to defend one single act for the payment
of one single dollar under this order.
It bought it was due to the Navy Department
that inasmuch as I assumed yesterday to make
an explanation, I should make it as fully as
they made it to me this morning. I did not
defend anything under this order. I said dis-
tinctly that whether the Secretary of the Navy
was authorized to fix the thirty-three per cent,
in lieu of allowances or not, or whether thirty-
three per cent, was a fair compensation in lieu,
were fair subjects for comment and criticism
by the gentleman from Ohio. I said further
that I opposed, I will not say denounced, but
that I was opposed to any sort of eking out sal-
aries in any such indirect way as this; but that
on the other hand every salaried officer, of
whatever position or official duty, I do not care
in what service, should have it fixed by statute
that he shall receive so many dollars and no
more for his services.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman please
to say whether or not in his judgment the order
issued by the Secretary of the Navy, embraced
in the communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury of the 26th January, was legal or
illegal? ^
Mr. DAWES. I do not feel like answering
that question categorically on the state of facts
that have been communicated to me. I have
not yet examined the statute which repeals the
statutes cutting off the allowances. It is the
custom in the Army and in the Navy to fix the
commutation for certain allowances to officers.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] must
know that. Whether it is the result of statute
provision or of some order I am unable to say.
f he gentleman from Ohio is much more familiar
with military affairs than I am.
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask the gentleman
fromMiMiclHisetts whether the Secretary 6f
the Navy pretends that he was authorized on
°f that statute to increase the pay
of officers of the Navy one third ?
' The Secretary of the Navy
assumed that he had the right to fix a certain
sum m lieu of those allowances, and he did i
fix a sum. If he had authority to fix a sum
for these allowances, and I do not see why he
had not, it was for him to say what should be
allowed for quarters, what for lights, and what
i, for fuel. It seems to me that he had authority
11 to fix the sum. Whether he fixed too much
!] or not, I cannot say. I am not here to defend
11 him. I am only here to give the late Secre-
i taryandthe present Secretary the advantage
of their explanations.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say on this sub-
ject, that, with the Secretary's order before it
and the country, Congress each year appropri-
ated a sum sufficient to cover this allowance of
thirty-three per cent.; and no gentleman can
have been familiar with the officers of our Navy
during the period in question, and have ques-
tioned the propriety of an increase of their
pay, so as to make it at least bear some compar-
ison to the pay received by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] and others who were
serving the country in the Army. The pay of
the officers of the Navy had been reduced rel-
atively by the cutting off of allowances until
the fact was notorious that gallant men who
were serving us at the risk of life, and add-
ing to the honor of our country's flag, were
unable to maintain their families, and were
unable to provide themselves with such cloth-
ing that when they came ashore they could
mingle in social life. Were it proper I could
name more than a score of such instances; and
though the Secretary of the Navy who made
this order is now out of office, I stand here to
defend both him and Congress for having re-
lieved these brave men from the palpable evi-.
dences of poverty and a Republic's ingratitude.
Mr. MORGAN. I call upon the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to cite the law which gave
the Secretary of the Navy authority to increase
the salary of naval officers one third. He can-
not do it. It was an act of bare-faced usurpa-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. My only purpose was to
make a more full explanation than I did yester-
day, without defending the Secretary of the
Navy. I hope I shall not find the gentleman
from Ohio wanting before the close of this
session in cutting off everything except what
is authorized by law. I yield to the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Sco-
field j
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not know that the
present Secretary of the Navy or the present
President is censurable for what was done by
the late President and .his Secretary of the
Navy, and I do not know that anybody here,
on this side of the Chamber at least, is cen-
surable for what they did. The order was
issued by them just about the time when Presi-
dent Johnson was making preparations to start
out on his celebrated swinging around the circle. I
The reason of it I will state. Something of this !
kind had been allowed in the Navy up to 1835.
By an act passed in 1835 all such allowances
were prohibited, and in lieu of them the pay
of the Navy was raised. In 1862, at the com-
mencement of the hard times in this country
and before inflation by the issue of Government
paper, the pay of Navy officers was reduced.
In 1866 a law was passed repealing the prohi-
bitionof 1835, and that left the Secretary of the
Navy at liberty to revive any practices that the
law of1835 had cut off. The Secretary, suppos-
ing that that was the intention of Congress in
repealing by the act of 1866 the prohibition of
1835, did make these allowances. Whether he
was right or wrong in, that is not the question
here. It was not the question propounded
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] nor was it the question which the
gentleman from Massachusetts intended to
answer and did answer, as I thought. He has
simply stated the facts. When the proper com-
mittee shall bring the question before the House
as to whether these allowances shall be con-
tinued hereafter, it will be the proper time to
debate their propriety.
I might say in addition that Congress has
appropriated every year, both sides of the
House voting for it without objection, the
additional amount required to pay this thirty-
three and one third per cent, which Mr. John-
son's administration gave to the Navy.
Mr. MORGAN
yield to me now.
Mr. DAWES.
Mr. MORGAN.
Mr. DAWES,
time already.
Mr. MORGAN.
1 ask the gentleman to
I will yield for a minute.
I ask five minutes.
I have yielded considerable
As the honorable gentle-
man referred directly to me when he took the
floor to-day on this subject, I hope he will
extend to me the necessary time to reply to
his attempt and the attempt of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to cover up
the lawless acts of the Secretaries of the Navy
and Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. As I have not assumed any
such role as that, I do not think I am called
upon to yield any time for that purpose,
Mr. MORGAN. The (acts are simply
these 
Mr. DAWES. _ I will give the gentleman a
minute, if he desires it, for explanation.
Mr. MORGAN. I am not surprised that
the honorable gentleman should object to have
the inconsistency of his course held up to the
public gaze not only of this House but of the
entire country, standing as he does in the atti-
tude of a professed reformer, and at the same
time attempting to conceal the illegal with-
i drawal of money from the Treasury,
j Mr. DAWES. To whom does the member
, from Ohio refer when he talks about incon-
sistency?
Mr. MORGAN. To the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J who
has just propounded to me that question.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in what I have
said to-day, and in what I said yesterday about
this abuse, not one word has fallen from me in
justification of it or in the way of an attempt
to cover it up. I have stated the facts, and I
I have stated along with those facts that they
did not meet my approval. And no man upon
this floor who has listened to what I have said
has the right to say that I have lifted my voice
in defense of any indirect allowances to any
officer, military, naval, or civil, in this country.
But on the other hand, I declared explicitly
that no man ought to be allowed one dollar
more than is specified in the statute as his
compensation,
Mr. MORGAN. Then I understand the
gentleman 
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield further.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] declines to yield.
Mr. MORGAN. I think I have the right 
[Cries of" Order!" " Order 1"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] is not in order. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to
the floor, and declines to yield.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the bill be-
fore the House calls for an appropriation of
$3,000,000 to supply deficiencies for the pres-
ent fiscal year in the expenditures of the two
Bureaus of Steam Engineering and of Con-
struction and Repair in the Navy Department.
The bill also provides for covering into the
Treasury an equal amount of unexpended bal-
ances and accumulations in other bureaus of
that Department. Therefore, in point of fact,
there is thrown back into the Treasury the
same amount of money that this bill proposes
to take out.
It was the wish of the Navy Department in
its recommendation, which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and also in the
joint resolution submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] that in-
stead of the amount of appropriation provided
by this bill there should be transferred to the
Bureaus of Steam Engineering and of Con-
struction and Repair $4,000,000 from the
