APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22.
Ho. of Reps.
Postal Telegraph—Mr. Washburn.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
On January 1, 1868, the rate was reduced to
one lialf franc for twenty words. For ten cents,
therefore, a message is transmitted from one
part to any other part of Switzerland, while
to nearly every post office, even in remote
localities, a telegraph station is attached. The
introduction of a low scale of charges, which
at first was regarded as a bold experiment, has
proved a complete success. The receipts show
a large surplus over the expenditure; and it
is indisputable that these results are mainly
owing to the fact that the Swiss Government
wisely adopted the plan of popularizing the tel-
egraph system and bringing it within the reach
of all.
The Western Union Telegraph Company, in
the pamphlet to which I have before alluded,
having made statements in regard to the work-
ings of the telegraph in Switzerland that are
unsustained by the facts, I desire to read in
this connection a letter from a Swiss gentle-
man of high standing, and one fully informed
in regard to all the Tacts of which he speaks.
The letter I will append to my remarks.
Next to Switzerland, Belgium has probablya
more perfect telegraph system than any other
country, and in both countries the system is
closely connected with the post office. When
the lines were opened for public use an act
dated March 15, 1851, established a tariff of
two and a half francs for twenty words if trans-
mitted within a circle of seventy-five kilome-
ters ; that is, fifty cents for a distance of forty-
six and a half miles, and five francs for any dis-
tance above seventy-five kilometers. The tar-
iff was gradually reduced, and at present there
is a uniform rate of half a franc all over Bel-
gium ; so that now for ten cents a message of
twenty words may be transmitted to any part
of the kingdom a distance of one hundred and
seventy-five miles. The public has the option
on the payment of a double charge to transmit
a "registered" message. In that ease the
sender receives an exact copy of the message
delivered at the other end of the line, and can
easily detect errors, if any, and is informed of
the exact hour his message reached his corre-
spondent. Such messages have the precedence
in transmission. This precedence can work
harm to nobody, for all alike can avail them-
selves of this privilege for the small additional
sum of ten cents.
The Western Union in commenting upon this
regulation of the Belgian telegraph is much
horrified, as~witness its comments on page 18
of its pamphlet, and discloses tire remarkable
fact that if the Belgian system was adopted
here it would cost more to send a registered
dispatch to Baltimore than it does now. It
would cost just twenty cents to send a repeated
message to Baltimore under the Belgian sys-
tem, while as long as the present rate of ten
cents with Baltimore continues it would cost
fifteen cents over the Western Union ; but the
fairness of selecting out Baltimore as afford-
ing a fair test from which to make a compari-
son will be readilyjudged by the public. The
tariff to Baltimore is entirely exceptional. A
fair test would have been to have selected some
point on their line where there was no compet-
ing office and an average tariff prevailed. In
Belgium a repeated message of twenty words
may be sent one hundred and seventy-five
miles for twenty cents. How much would it
cost to send a similar message to a point one
hundred and seventy-five miles from Washing-
ton ? I have before me a list of telegraph offi-
ces, with a tariff of charges on messages sent
from Washington. The one I discern where
the distance approximates nearest to one hun-
dred and seventy-five miles is Plainfield, New
lork, distant one hundred and seventy-one
miles. The tariff by the Western Union to
that point for ten words is §1 15, or for a re-
peated message is $1 72J, or a difference of
§1 52} in favor of Belgium.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin if he thinks it fair to
compare Belgium, with a population of four
hundred to the square mile, with the United
States, a country which has a population of ten
to the square mile, while the average distance
in Belgium would be about the same as the
distance from Washington to Baltimore?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin.^ If the
gentleman will continue to give me his atten-
tion, he will find that I shall refer to all those
points.
I may say in this connection that such is the
accuracy and promptness in transmitting mes-
sages in Belgium that not seven per cent, of
the patrons of the telegraph avail themselves
of the privilege of sending " registered " mes-
In France a repeated message may be sent
six hundred miles for two francs, or forty cents,
while to send a similar message by the Western
Union telegraph five hundred and eighty-three
miles, to Lancaster, New Hampshire, would
cost $3 30; to Montpelier, Vermont, five hun-
dred and fifty-nine miles, three dollars; Mount
Vernon, Ohio, five hundred and twenty-seven
miles, $2 G2; Waltham, Massachusetts, three
hundred and fifty miles, $2 62, or an average
of $2 88, being over seven times the cost of a
similar message in France.
Every reduction in the tariff in Belgium has
been followed by an increase of business. With
this increase of business it might with reason
be supposed that a greater risk would be in-
curred as to delays and errors, but the tele-
graph department is prepared at all times to
meet the difficulty, and undertakes to return
charges on messages which, through their fault,
fail to reach their destination with promptness
and accuracy; but so perfect is their system
that there has not been one case of reclamation
in five thousand. How well this compares with
our boastful Western Union may be seen by a
reference to the letter of the three telegraph
presidents to Mr. Dennison, Postmaster Gen-
eral, who asked the following question:
"What amount has been paid by the several coin-
panics as damages for mistakes in telegraphing or
lion delivery ?
"*S«cr-, Th.° amount paid will approximate
$100,000, and claims for a like amount rcmaia unset-
tled. or are being contested."
Absolute perfection in the transmission of
telegraphic messages, with any instruments now
in general use, may be regarded as impossible
in any country. The Belgian administration
recognize this fact and apologize for it. The
Western Union, in their extremity, triumph-
antly quote their apology and exclaim, on
page 19 :
''Official truthfulness and modesty thus lifts the
veil from a system held up for our admiration and
rev eals its weakness."
I wish that our telegraph managers had a
little Belgian "truthfulness and modesty."
Who ever heard of their apologizing for their
shortcoming's, great and well known as they
are ; but upon this subject I beg leave to quote
from Mr. Scudamore, one of the secretaries
of the British post office, who has taken great
pains to inquire into the workings of continental
government telegraphy. Speaking of the Bel-
gian system, after showing its admirable char-
acter, he says, on page 12 of his report made
to Lord Stanley, Postmaster General, in J illy,
1860:
" The Belgian administration, in announcing their
latest and most considerable reduction of charges on
an ordinary message of twenty words from a frane
to halt a irane, say:
'' * Our telegraphic reform has a. twofold object.
V\ o desire to place> this mode of communication
within the reach of all classes and to make it ser-
viccabls in all the relations of life, and to increase
telegraphic correspondence to an extent which can-
not yet be defined, but of which wo may form some
idea if we consider the effect of former reductions,
and at the same time we hope to find in a vast
increase of business spread over all the lines, and
comprising those that have hitherto proved unpro-
ductive, a profit which we could not hopo to obtain
from the existing tariff.'
"It appears tolerably clear, therefore, that the
delays for which the Belgian administrators apolo-
gize arc not such as are charged against the English
system, and that in apologizing so frequently for
delays which would pass unnoticed here they turnish
a striking proof of the superiority of their arrange-
ments."
In the same report, page 16, he gives the
following comparison of telegrams with letters
in Belgium:
OO 00 CO OO OO
O
oo
K) to to
rt- lO
cn to or
t© --1
o o o o o o
09 03 CR 0? Cf?
B 5
O B B
>t p C*
^ 3 o
gp^
s3|
3 so-
This table is exceedingly instructive as show-
ing the effect of the reduction of the tariff at
different times. In 1863 the tariff w^s reduced
from one and a half francs to one franc ; or a
reduction of thirty-three per cent, was imme-
diately followed by an increase of eighty per
cent, in messages and a further reduction of
fifty per cent.; or to a half franc was followed
by an increase of eighty-five per cent. It will
be seen by this table that a reduction of the
tariff from one and a half francs in 1802 to a half
franc in 1866 had had the effect of increasing
the number of dispatches from 105,274 in 1862
to 535,986 in 1866, or over fivefold ; and in
1867 the number of dispatches had increased
to 817,652, or nearly eightfold. As to the effect
of reduced tariffs I may as well quote here from
the examination of Mr. Scudamore before the
parliamentary committee, July 9, 186S, in an-
swer to interrogatory 1740 :
"I said that in Belgium, in 3803, a reduction of
thirty-three per cent, in rate produced an immediate
increase of eighty per cent, in number of messages;
that m the same country a drop of flftv per cent,
produced an immediate increase of eighty-five per
cent, m messages; that in Prussia, in 1867, a reduc-
tion of thirty-three per cent, in the rate was fol-
lowed by an increase in the very fiist month alter
the change of seventy per cent, in messages; that in
I ranee, in 1862, areduetion of thirty-five "per cent, in
the rate was followed by an increase ol sixtT. -iour
per cent, m messages. I added that the most remark-
able illustration was furnished bv the experience of
Switzerland in the first three months of this year.
Ihe Swiss inlaild rate was reduced by fifty per cent,
on the 1st of January this year, and in the first three
months there was an increase of nicety pc1* cont. in
inland messages over the corresponding months of
the previous year.3'
How far these expectations have been real-
ized will be seen from what I have already
stated. It will be seen that the inland mes-
sages which, in 1865, with a tariff of one franc
for twenty words, numbered 332,724, in 1867,
under the reduced tariff of half a frauc, or ten
cents for twenty words, reached 817,652; and
this vast increaso is not due to any consider-
able extension of telegraph line, less than four
