1870.
Tflfi COjmRfiSsrcWAL' GfctiM.
2905
railroad and telegraph line from the States of j
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by ;
the southern route," approved July 27, 1866.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will lead to debate,
I suppose.
Mr. HOWARD. It is the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 438) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in the State of
Florida.
Mr. OSBORN. Let that be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 80) to punish the collection of illegal
taxes on passengers.
Mr. McCREERY. Pass it over. I make
this objection at the instance of the Senator
from Maryland, not now in his seat. He
marked this bill and asked me to have it passed
over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 117) to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication between the eastern
and western continents.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 388) to encourage the establishment
of a line of steamships under the flag of the
Union for the conveyance of the mails of the
United States to European ports and ports of
India and China, by way of the Suez canal,
and for promoting immigration from Europe
to the southern States of the Union, and reduc-
ing the rates of ocean postages.
Mr. HOWE. That is a pretty'formidable
title. I guess the bill will lead to debate.
Mr. /COLE. It is not a very formidable
bill. I think it had better be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin* states that it will give rise to
debate, which is equivalent to an objection.
Mr. SUMNER. The next bill is a very
short one.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. fill) to repeal the charter of the Med-
ical Society of the District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let that be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
major i. w. nichols.
The next bill on the Calendar was tho bill
(S. No. 400) for the relief of Major J. W.
Nichols, paymaster United States Army.
Mr. HOWE. That will lead to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator object
to it?
Mr. HOWE. I do not object to its consid-
eration, but I say it will lead to debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator says he
wants to debate it, that is enough.
Mr. THAYER. I do not hear anybody else
say anything but the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I am opposed to the passage
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. THAYER. I do not understand that
anybody objects to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and will be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs
the payment to Major J. W. Nichols, pay-
master United States Army, of the sum of
$4,500, erroneously charged to and paid by
him in the settlement of his accounts.
Mr. HOWE. Let the report be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no written report. The bill was reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The other day when this
bill was up the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Abbott] had a written statement, but
not in the nature of a formal report. It was
then discussed. The papers in the case were
looked into by the Senator from Wisconsin,
and I supposed he was satisfied with the justice
of this claim on examination. I introduced
this bill, as Major Nichols of the Army was
formerly a resident of Ohio. I examined the :
papers in the case, and they made out a state
of facts about like this: a very large package
of money was handed to him at the beginning
t>f the war, during General McClellan's cam-
paign, I think something over two hundred
thousand dollars. He went down to the Army
and paid out forty or fifty thousand dollars of
it; and it was Very clearly shown from all the
papers and the testimony that $4,500 was
erroneously charged to him. As soon as he
discovered that deficiency he reported it to the
proper officer, and the papers on file from the
Paymaster General and quite a number of
other officers show very clearly and satisfac-
torily, to my mind at least, that Major Nichols
was erroneously charged with $4,500 of this
money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The money was not deliv-
ered to him?
Mr. SHERMAN. The money was delivered
to him in u package which be had not time or
opportunity to open and count.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. Did the cash account of
the party paying it out show that he had a sur-
plus of that much at night?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Department charged
Major Nichols with that much more than he
received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that; but
you say it was an error in the package deliv-
ered to him; that it did not contain that much
money.
Mr. SHERMAN. Delivered to him at the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I inquire whether
the cash account of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States on that day showed $4,500 over
what it ought to be? Because if the error con-
sisted in not handing out money that ought to
have been handed out he would have had so
much too much money that night,
Mr. SHERMAN. In all probability, from
an examination of the papers, I should say J
this $4,500 was paid over to some other pay- j
master. Large sums of money were paid that
day to different paymasters. The proof and
all the papers generally made a very satisfac-
tory showing that Major Nichols, an offices of
the Army, a paymaster, did not receive by ;
$4,500 as much as he was charged with. No 1
doubt the $4,500 went to some other pay-
master, because several paymasters received
money on that day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How long was it after
the payment to him before the deficiency was
iiscortsiflsd ? I
Mr. SHERMAN. On that day or the next -
day he went down to the Army and paid some '
$40,000 of this money. It was then ascer-
tained, and the testimony of one or two per-
sons who were with him all the time the pay-
ments were made shows that it was impossible
for him to have abstracted this money; and ;
the character of Major Nichols was shown by i
the testimony of a number of officers, among
the rest the Paymaster General. I am very ;
sorry these facts are not stated in a report, ■
which I think would be more satisfactory to
the Senate; but those are the facts. Upon an
objection being made before the papers were
handed to the Senator from Wisconsin to look
j over.
Mr. HOWE. The papers were handed to
me, and I looked them over, and I went to the j
Treasury Department about this case. My con- i
elusion was that there was no human probabil- ,
: ity that this mistake was made at the Treasury
| Department. The accounts of the Treasury
!j Department for the day were brought out and
:i shown to me; just how much money was taken !
oat of the vaults in the morning, how much
was received during the day, and the different
payments they_ made during the day. It is
within the limits of possibility, to be sure,
that $4,500 was abstracted from a payment
made to one man, and that precise amount
added to the payments that were made to
another 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any evidence showing an abstraction by the
officers. There probably was a mistake. I
was satisfied of that from an examination of
the case. The money at that time was handed
out in large packages.
Mr. HOWE. This is what I was about to
say: that it is possible, to be sure, that the
Treasury might have charged $4,500 to this
man more than they paid him, and have
charged exactly $4,500 less to another man
than they paid him; but I should consider that
a very remarkable coincidence. This pay-
master took this money and went down to the
Army. I cannot repeat the facts now, because
it is a long time since I looked over the papers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to state also that
these packages were all of $500, or $1,000,
or $5,000, or $10,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill had better go
over. We ought to have a written report from
the committee on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN- I think so. I think the
Committee on Military Affairs should have
made a written report to accompany the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senator from
j Vermont will withdraw his objection. I have
. a letter from the Paymaster General which
j throws light on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought to have a
: written report from the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is ob-
jected to and will go over.
j. p. f. camp.
^The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 513) remitting tax erroneously assessed
upon one hundred and fifty gallons of whisky
belonging to J. P. F. Camp, of Spartanburg,
South Carolina.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
in relation to that bill that there is a report, I
believe, accompanying it, and it is recom-
mended by the officers of the internal revenue
department. In this case there was no fault
on the part of this Mr. Gamp, but the fault
was with one of the revenue officers, and the
money ought to be refunded.
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to remit the
sum of $300, internal revenue tax erroneously
assessed April, 1807, upon one hundred and
fifty gallons of whisky owned by J. P. F.
Camp, of Spartanburg, South Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no re-
port accompanying the bill, but there is a
paper signed by various State officials of South
Carolina indorsing it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 387) for the relief of
Charles Pitcher: and
A bill (H. R. No, 1831) to confirm the title
to the Rancho del Rio Grande, in New Mex-
ico, to the heirs and legal representatives of
the original grantees thereof.
point san jose reservation.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 241) to relinquish the interest of the
United States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco;
