1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3849
ted it is in order to entertain a motipn to refer the
bill to any committee of the House with or without
instructions; and when the same is again reported to
the House it shall be referred to the Committee of
the Whole without debate, and resume its original
place on tho Calendar.
I ask that the rule to which this is proposed
as an amendment be read, so that the House
may more clearly understand the proposition,
and I will then mate a brief explanation.
The Clerk read as follows:
123. A motion to strike out the enacting words of a
bill shall have precedence of a motion to amend;
and. if carried, shall bo considered equivalent to
its rejection. Whenever a biil is reported from a
Committee of tho Whole, with a recommendation
to strike out the enacting words, and such recom-
mendation isdisagreed to by the House, tho bill shall
stand recommitted to the said cominitteo without
further action by tho House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
with the permission of the House I will ex-
plain the purpose of the new rule proposed by
the committee. As the rule now stands, when-
ever the Committee of the Whole votes to strike
out the enacting clause of a bill it is then the
duty of its chairman forthwith to report the bill
to the House; and the House has but one of
two things to do, either to concur or non-con-
cur. If they concur the bill is dead ; and that
is the end of it. If they non-concur, as the
rule now stands, there can be but one thing
done, namely, to send the bill back into the
Committee of the Whole, where it will stand
in precisely the same condition as though the
enacting clause had not been stricken out.
There is no other motion possible. The House
has no other control of it than to say yes or no
to the question of striking out; and if they say
no it must go back, without any intervening
motion, to take precisely the same position in
the Committee of the Whole that it occupied
before the committee agreed to strike out the
enacting clause. The Committee on the Rules
thought it did not give the House sufficient
power over the bill under such circumstances;
and by the amendment submitted they propose,
when the House non-con curs in the recommend-
ation of the Committee of the Whole to strike
out, the enacting clause, that it may bo in order
to refer the bill or to recommit the bill with
instructions; as, for instance, that the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall take up and consider
a substitute or shall refer it to one of the stand-
ing committees of the House. If neither of
these motions prevail in the House, then the bill
must go back precisely as underthe present rule.
It is believed by the Committee on the Rules,
as the rule now stands, with tho construction
given to it by Speakers for many years, it too
much restricts the action of the House. The
proposition to strike out the enacting clause
has no other value than to enable the Committee
of the Whole to kill the bill. It gives the House
no other control overthebill. Thisaetion oftho
Committee on the Rules was taken some weeks
ago ; but lest it might be considered as having
particular reference to some bill then pending,
it was not reported until now, when it cannot
be considered invidious, but introduced so as
to give the House fuller control over a bill re-
ported back from the Committee of the Whole i
under the circumstanccs I have indicated.
If any gentleman desires to ask a question,
I will yield for that purpose before demanding
the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am satisfied with
the statement of the gentlpman from Ohio.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have either failed to
understand the gentleman from Ohio, or he
does not accomplish anything by the amend-
ment to the rules which he reports. The House
has perfect control of any bill, reported back
from the Committee of the Whole or not, to
recommit it. As I understand, if the demand
for the previous question be not sustained when
a bill is reported, it is proper to recommit it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose a bill
now pending in the Committee of the Whole,
and the committee does not wish to go through
with it, and therefore strikes out the enacting
clause.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was about coming to
that. When the Committee of the Whole re-
ports a bill to the House with the recommend-
ation that the enacting clause be stricken out,
it is understood by everybody that the purpose
is to defeat the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not necessarily.
It may be to enable some one to offer a sub-
stitute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that to be
the legitimate object of the man who moves to
strike out the enacting clause; that is, to bring
about a .speedy defeat of the bill. It is to
prevent time being unnecessarily consumed in
discussion. Tho very object of the motion to
strike out the enacting clause is to show hos-
tility and to defeat the bill. When reported to
the House, and the House concurs in the motion
to strike out, the bill is then dead.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is gained? Sup-
pose the recommendation of the Committee of
the Whole to strike out the enacting clause is
not concurred in? The bill then goes back to
the committee and stands precisely where it did
at the moment when the motion was made to
strike out the enacting clause. It is virtually
recommitted to the Committee of the Whoie
for the committee to perfect it as it was desired
it should bo perfected. And the committee
may, notwithstanding, rise and report that bill
back, and tho House, if they so desire, may
recommit it to a standing committee. There
is no difficulty about it, and I see no purpose,
no good purpose at all events, to be obtained
by the amendment to the rules proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will p,utacase
for the consideration of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldiudge.] Suppose the
Committee of the Whole desire at the very
beginning of a long bill to act upon a substi-
tute for it. Suppose, tor instance, that they
desire to act upon a short bill instead of along
one covering the same subject; they are com-
pelled under the present rule to go through
the whole bill as referred to the Committee of
the Whole before they can take up and con-
sider the substitute. Now, under the proposed
rule, the House could non-concur in the motion
to strike out the enacting clause, and could
then, as now it cannot, recommit the bill with
instructions to take up and consider a sub-
stitute, and could thus bring the substitute
dircctly before the Committee of the Whole,
or the House could recommit the bill with
or without instructions to some standing com-
mittee. In other words, this rule will enable
the House to extricate the Committee of the
Whole from the necessity of going through the
long bill, which the committee do not wish to
consider, while they do wish to consider some-
thing else as a substitute for it. This amended
^rule would accomplish that object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me make a sugges-
tion to thegentleman from Ohio. Suppose the
Committee of the Whole to have reported in
favor of striking out the enacting clause of the
bill; suppose the House to have refused to
concur in that recommendation, and the bill
to go back, as it would under the rule, for the
consideration of the committee; and then sup-
pose the Committee of the Whole desired the
bill to take anotherdirection, it would be easy,
under the rule as it now stands, as I understand
it, for the chairman having control of the bill
to move that the committee rise for the purpose
of moving in the House to refer the bill to a
standing committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That cannot be
done under the present rule.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to put a question to
the gentleman from Ohio as to the effect of the
last clause of his amendment. It directs pos-
itively that all bills when reported back with
the recommendation to strike out all after the
enacting clause, if the House refuses to concur
in that recommendation, shall go back to the
Committee of the Whole. I ask why the neces-
sity of making the rule general, covering all
classes of bills, some of which may not neces-
sarily go to the Committee of the Whole? Why
the necessity of providing that every bill in that
situation shall take that direction?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that the bills re-
ferred to in this rule come from the Committee
of the Whole to the House. And if theHouse
does not order that such a bill shall be recom-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole with
instructions, or that it be committed to some
standing committee with instructions, then we
provide that it shall go right back to the place
from which it came. We do not change the
rule except for two purposes: to allow the bill
to be recommitted to the Committee of the
Whole with instructions, or to allow it to go
to some standing committee; and if neither of
those propositions prevails, and if the House
non concur in the recommendation to strike
out tho enacting clause, this bill must go back
to the Committee of the Whole in the same
shape as it came from it. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on agreeing
to the resolution reported from the Committee
on the Rules.
The question was taken; and there were,
on a division'—ayes 67, noes 22; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
and Mr. Eldmdge.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-three, noes not counted.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM: THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate in-
sisted on its amendment to the bill (H. li.
No. 38G) to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 2, 1867, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon ; and that Mr.
Trumbull, Air. Coxklinu, and Mr. Tuuumah
had been appointed conferees on tho part of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 181) for the benefit of Wilberforce Uni-
versity, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
PUBLICATION Off A SPEECH.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me to make another report
from the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield to thegentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on the linles to report the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the speech on "Tho Recognition
ofCuba,'"' inserted in tbe Daily Globe of February
20,1870, under leave to print granted to Hon. Wil-
liam Mcxsex, of Ohio, contains remarks of a per-
sonal character prohibited by the rules of the House,
and not proper to be inserted in the Congressional
Globe, and the publishers of the Globe are hereby
instructed to exclude it.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. MtrxoEy] in
his seat, and would suggest that the consider-
ation of the resolution be postponed until he
shall be in liis place.
Mr. GAftFiBLD, of Ohio. I withdraw it
for the present, nnd shall call it up again.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged resolu-
tion, and can be called up at any time.
