1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
naval authorities in other parts of the world
are fully awake to the exigencies of the time?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer that ques-
tion by putting another question. I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee whether, in view
of the state of affairs on the island of Cuba
to day, he is prepared to vote for the recogni-
tion either of the belligerency or the independ-
ence of that island?
Mr. MAYNARD. I answer the gentleman
very cheerfully, that with the information I have
I am not prepared to vote for such a recogni-
tion, ahd do not expect to vote for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman enables
me to answer his question. I am not pre-
pared to vote money out of the Treasury for a
purpose which does not appear to be neces-
sary.
Mr. MAYNARD. What may be the gen-
tleman's opinion or mine does not settle the
question. We know that many of our fellow-
citizens are prepared to recognize Cuba.
There are many gentlemen in this House who
are prepared to do so. One of these gentle-
men I have npw in my eye.
Mr. LOGAN. I am one of them.
Mr. MAYNARD. And in this state of
things, and looking to this state of opinion, I
suggest to the gentleman whether it does not
follow that we should keep up our Navy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And the gentleman ought
also to take into his view of the situation that
the Administration which he supports and
which I support is not prepared at this time
even to recommend the recognition of the bel-
ligerency of Cuba.
[Here the hammer fell.] j
Mr. DAWES. I now yield five minutes to 1
the gentleman from California.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, it seems to !
me that there are one or two facts which it
will be well to keep in view in considering the
allegation that the Navy Department has largely
increased its force. One of those facts is this:
it is shown by a comparison of appropriations
and expenditures before the Committee on
Appropriations that it has cost the Navy De-
partment for twelve thousand men $3,000,000
this year, or since this Administration came
in, less than the amount which was required to
maintain five or six thousand men in the last
year of Mr. Welles's administration. Further-
more, at the time this Administration assumed
control of those matters our ships were rotting j
everywhere. There were at that time in the i
West Indies, in fact, ships so rotten that they !
could not be put to sea in order to be brought ;
home to be repaired, while to repair them i
there would have cost more than it would to
build them here anew. Those are facts which
should be taken into consideration in connec-
tion with the charges made against the Navy
Department.
Furthermore, a year or two ago, under the
administration of the Navy Department by
Secretary Welles, a naval ship foundered in
the Pacific ocean, with all its armaments and
crew, and was never heard of more. Ships
were sent out to all quarters of the globe in a
rotten condition. Secretary Welles, in one of
his last reports—I think it was in his last
report asking appropriations—said that per-
haps it was not the purpose of Congress to keep
the Navy in an efficient condition, and he would
therefore put in estimates for as small an
amount as he conld possibly get along with
without accomplishing that object. But when
this Administration came into power, knowing
that the only thing necessary to the safety of
this Republic was to guard against naval
aggressions, that the only war we had to fear
was a naval war, they deemed it their duty to
put the Navy upon such a footing as would
enable us to vindicate our flag and protect our
commerce wherever it might be. In doing that
they have observed due economy. As I have
already said, with a largely increased force in
the navy-yards, it has cost $3,000,000 less to
carry on the work. They have nearly trans-
formed a rotten, inefficient Navy into a sound
and effective one.
Sir, there have been too many and too loose
! charges of extravagance against the present Ad-
I ministration, and they rest on no better basis
i than those made against the Navy Department
1 in the treatment of this bill. If the Navy De-
partment were here asking for more money there
might be more excuse for this caviling. The
last Congress appropriated money enough for
the Navy Department. The present Secretary
asks no more. Biit he says that the money
appropriated was so injudiciously distributed
that he has too much for some objects, while
others and those most important suffer for
want of funds. He pointed this out in Decem-
ber last, and we paid no attention to him. He
now again asks that the surplus be taken from
places where it is not needed and put where it
is needed. Is that extravagance ? You forbid
him, by a novel provision of doubtful expedi-
ency, to transfer funds from one bureau to an-
other, and then charge him with appropriations
that he cannot use and refuse him those that
he actually needs on account of the amount
of the gross appropriations. The Committee
on Appropriations refused to recommend such
transference, but propose to cover the surplus
into the Treasury and then take it out again
and put it to the purposes where it is required.
The principle is the same but the form of do-
ing it "gives rise to this clamor. For the form
the committee is responsible, and not the Sec-
retary. The committee cut down the estimate
$1,000,000 on no particular data. I did not
think-that judicious, as it was a mere transfer-
ence of funds: and certainly nofurther reduc-
tion should be made. The amount at the dis-
posal of the Navy Department for this year
for the Bureau of Steam Engineering was but
$920,032, against $2,221,637 last year; and for
that of Construction and Repair but $4,266,808,.:
against $5,072,606 last year. The economy j
of the Navy Department is shown by its saving j
in other expenditures, where it could be done
without damage to the Government, which ;
enables it to recommend a transference of a
surplus instead of asking for more money from
the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
* Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
nature of the ships that are being repaired?
Are they of wood or of iron ? What is their j
character? j
Mr. SARGENT. They are vessels of all <
classes, and it has been necessary to repair
them in consequence of deterioration caused
by the elements and long service, in which
repairs have been neglected. The work is not j
confined to a single class of vessels. It is very : [
well known that it costs a much greater amount \
to repair the decay of vessels, provided that i
decay is allowed to go on for any length of !
time, than if it is stopped in its incipient stages. < j
It is the purpose of the Navy Department, as |
I understand it, and as was fully explained
before the Committee on Appropriations this i
morning, to arrest this decay and put the ves- j
sels in proper condition. j
I say, furthermore, that if instead of saving !
$3,000,000, as I have stated, the Department;!
had expended $3,000,000 in addition, in con-
sideration of the threatening attitude of foreign '
nations, and especially of Spain, when this
Administration came into power, this House
could not have blamed them. Gentlemen upon )
the other side of the House would have been
eloquent in their philippics against the Navy
Department if a war had burst upon us on
account of the recognition of Cuba, or, as at
one time seemed likely, with England on ac-
count of the rejection of the Alabama treaty,
or a foreign war for any other reason, and our
war vessels had been left rotting at the wharves
and not fit to put to sea in order to protect our
nationality. I believe that the course pursued
by the Navy Department in this matter has
been judicious, and that the House should sus-
tain it.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] who is a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I simpjy
wish to say that as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations I did not concur in this prop-
osition to appropriate $3,000,000, although I
was willing and am willing to consent to the
appropriation of a more moderate sum than
that.
We appropriated last year $5,187,000 for
the purposes of construction and engineering.
That is what we said the Department ought
to get along with. Instead of that, however
they have gone on, and in the first sever!
months of the year they have exhausted the
entire appropriation. I do not hesitate to
declare that the manner in which the appro-
priation has been expended is not justifiable.
The work ought to have been extended over
the entire year. But in view of the fact that
we have the organization now, and that a large
number of persons will be turned out of em-
ployment at this season of the year if we refuse
to make this transfer, for it is practically a
transfer rather than an appropriation, although
it takes money nevertheless, I am willing to
vote for an appropriation of $1,600,000 or
$2,000,000. It was my intention to move that
the bill be amended by inserting $2,000,000
instead of $3,000,000, but the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] has proposed an
amendment which is acoeptable to me. I do not
propose to criticise in any way the manner in
which the Navy Department has been con-
ducted, but I will say that I think an appro-
priation of $1,500,000 is all that will be neces-
sary.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question, inasmuch as the conduct of the
Navy Department has been eulogized. I have
nothing to say about that; but I ask the gentle-
man if he thinks that a change from steam to
sails and from iron to wood, inasmuch as wo
i are in that transition state, while the other
nations of the earth are passing from wood to
iron and from sails to steam, will prepare such
a navy as gentlemen have spoken of?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
propose now to enter into any criticism in
regard to the management of the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not mean to criticise it
either.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will say
here that I believe most of the vessels which it
is proposed to repair are utterly worthless as
war vessels.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly; old wooden tul?s.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for five minutes ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has five minutes
of his hour remaining.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] for five minutes.
Mr. BECK. I would like to haye the gentle-
man yield to me a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I will try to do so.
Mr. LAWRENCE. As I was called away
from the Committee on Appropriations, of
which I am a member, to attend a sessiou this
morning of the Committee on Reconstruction,
of which I am also a member, I had no oppor-
tunity to examine this bill with the Committee
on Appropriations.
I desire to say that for one I do not care to
have this bill amended in any way, for I am
opposed to it in toto upon grounds of public
policy and principle. I hold that where Con-
gress makes an appropriation for any particular
purpose, to run through the fiscal year, it is the
duty of the Department or the bureau expend-
ing that appropriation to so apply it that it
shall extend through the year.
