1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
■which to base the entire banking facilities of
the country. That much I can say without
violating any of the proprieties of committee
business, and that much I do say to the gentle-
man and the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suppose, then, that the
proposed increase of currency depends upon
the proposition to increase banking facilities
merely, and does not involve any additional
issue of legal-tender notes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] that on that
subject the resolution passed by the House
instructing our committee did not say specific-
ally whether the increase called for should be
banking currency or greenbacks; and the com-
mittee in regard to that were left in the same
doubt in which the House itself was when it
passed the resolution. We desire in that respect
to obey in good faith the orders of the House;
but it will be for the House to determine what
form the increase shall take, if it takes any.
I believe I have stated all that I now desire to
state in regard to this matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
say that I am surprised, because I have had
some premonitions that an attempt would be
made to divert this bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, as containing subjects more per-
tinent to the duties of the latter committee.
Now what is this bill ? It consists of eight sec-
tions. The first six, constituting the body of
the bill, contain nothing except provisions in
relation to changing the form of our securities,
our public bonds, reducingthe interest on them
and providing how they shall be disposed of.
In the seventh section there is a provision
requiring that some of these new bonds at a
lower rate of interest shall be taken by the
banks in lieu of the bonds which they now hold
as the basis of banking; and the eighth sec-
tion provides that inasmuch as the rate of inter-
est is reduced the banks shall hereafter be
allowed to bank to the extent of only eighty
per cent, upon their bonds, instead of ninety
per cent., as heretofore. The provisions of
these two sections, the seventh and the eighth,
lire incidents to the disposition of the bonds,
and the question now before this House is sim-
ply whether the tail ofa bill shall carry the body
with it, or whether the body shall drag after it
the tail.
I make these remarks in no disposition to
depreciate the services of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, nor because of any
desire ou the part of the Committee of Ways
and Means to arrogate to itself jurisdiction of
that which does not belong to it. It is true,
as my colleague [Mr. Garfield] has said, that
we have plenty of work on hand; but we have
as yet made no complaint iu that regard, nor
have we given any intimation that we will not
try faithfully to devote our abilities and our
energies to all the duties which, under the rules
of this House, belong to us. Having pretty
much completed our work, so far as committee
action is concerned, upon the tariff and upon
internal taxes, we are not disposed to shrink
from that other duty distinctly imposed upon
the Committee of Ways and Means, of looking
to whatever relates to the public credit, prin-
cipal and interest, and the bonds which are to
be issued as the representatives of that public
credit.
The bill contains one provision authorizing
the Secretary to employ agents abroad for the
disposition of a portion of these bonds. That
is one of the incidents of the scheme embraced
in the bill. It might as well be said that this
provision should carry the bill to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs. The question is sim-
ply whether an incident to the general provis-
ions of tho bill, by which the banks are indi-
rectly brought in as affording one of the means
for disposing of a portion, and perhaps a con-
siderable portion of these bonds, shall control
the question, what shall be done with the bill,
when the whole matter of the measure is one
which relates to the public credit and the pub-
lic bonds, how they shall be put upon the mar-
ket, at what rate, and in what form.
I do not see that there is anything in this
matter to be argued. It maybe that the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency have had
under consideration this subject of the public
credit or the public bonds, and have been, as
my colleague says, working at just what is in
this bill. Well, sir, suppose that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had had under
consideration the reorganization of the judi-
ciary of the country, and should therefore
come in here and complain of the reference
of a bill of that nature to the Judiciary Com-
mitee. If we had in our committee-room
dabbled with that which did not belong to us,
would that fact draw the subject to us to the
exclusion of the committee to which it appro-
priately belonged?
I do not pretend that the Committee of Ways
and Means have had under consideration any-
thing properly relating to the duties of the
Committee on Banking and Currency; and we
would not expect to draw any such question
before our committee unless it should arise
incidentally in connection with a bill properly
coming within our jurisdiction, as is the case
with this bill coming from the Senate, , where
as respects committee work there is not this
division of powers, or as might sometimes be
necessarily the case even with such a division
of committees as we have in this House. But
if I must compare notes with my colleague as
to what has been done outside of the House,
I will let him know that part of the sections
of this very bill relating to the public credit
were written with my own hand months ago.
The SPEAKER. The House will preserve
order, as gentlemen say that they cannot hear
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. Although I claim nothing
on that account, if we compare notes as to
former connection with this subject there are
sections, some of the very language iu this bill,
which on conference with the Secretary of the
Treasury were furnished by myself at a very
early period of this session, within the first two
days, certainly within the first week. I did
not consider that gave me any jurisdiction over
the subject, nor do I so consider now; but I
certainly should not have troubled myself in
any preparation on a funding bill or any of the
matters properly connected with the bonds of
the Government, the principal, the interest,
and the disposition to be made of the bonds,
if I had not expected that subject would in
the performance of my duty and the duty of j
my committee come before me and come bo-
fore them. If my colleague or some one else
does not wish to discuss the matter further,
perhaps we had better call for the previous
question and let the House decide between us.
Mr. JUD1). Mr. Speaker, my understand-
ing of the organization of the House, I might
perhaps call it congressional tradition, is, that
at a certain time all the powers now exercised
by the Committee of Ways and Means, by the
Committee on Appropriations, and by the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency were concen-
trated in one committee. It was found impracti-
cable in the conduct of the business of the
House to have that business well discharged
with one committee. The accumulated interests
of the country were such that it was found im-
possible for that committee to discharge well
and properly the duties imposed on them under
these great burdens. The consequence was
that there was a division of committees, and
resolutions passed defining the duties of each, i
I do not believe my friend from Ohio [Mr. 1
Schenck] intended, when he spoke of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency as "arrogat-
ing to itself''—those were the words—or when
he spoke of the committee "dawdling" with .
| such questions, to reflect on that committee.
! Mr. SCHENCK. " Dabble" was the word. ,
i Mr. JUDD. It is the same in substance.
If he did, nothing has occurred in matters here
to warrant that kind of language to be used to
that committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio
tells you there are eight sections of the bill
relating to the question of funding and only
two sections relating, to banking. Suppose
that is so. He has talked about heads and
tails. In legislation you will find a solitary
section embracing the entire substance of the
proposed law, while scattered over eight or
ten sections is mere verbiage relating to other
questions. What are they? There are some
four hundred million dollars of bonds deposited
as banking security, and that entire interest is
affected by this bill. What else is in the bill?
It does not provide for creating a new debt;
it simply provides for exchange of securities:
a "swap," if you please. It is one of the
questions which properly belong to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. If you take
away the powers conferred upon that commit-
tee you might as well abolish it. I ask the
Clerk to read the rules defining the powers of
the Committee of Ways and Means and of the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Banking and Currency, Committee on.
"This committee, to consist of nino members, is
directed to bo appointed at tho commencement, of
each Congress.—Rule 74. Its duty shall be to take
into consideration all propositions relative to bank-
ing and tho currcncy as shali be presented or shall
come in Question and be referred to them by the
House, and to report thereon by bill or otherwise."
"Ways and Means, Committee of.
"It shall bo the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to tako into consideration all roports of
tho Treasury Department, and such other proposi-
tions relating to raising revenue and providing ways
and means for the support of the Government as.
shall be presented or shall come in question and be
referred to them by the House, and to report their
opinion theroon by bill or otherwise, as to, them shall
seem expedient; and said committee shallhave leave
to report for commitment at any time."
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention
of the House to the rules that I have just had
read. I think there can be no question at all
that the provisions of this bill, which regulate
the entire banking system of the country and
its basis, belong technically and strictly to the
Committee on Banking and Currency. Noone
will dispute that proposition. That itis justas
importantto the business of this country to have
a proper regulation of the banking interests of
the country as it is to exchange one set of bonds
for another cannot be debated on this floor.
Now, then, what are the duties of the Committee
of WaysandMeans? Letus see if this bill must
necessarily come within the powers conferred
upon them. The rule defining the duties of
the Committee of Ways and Means reads as
follows:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to take into consideration all reports of
the Treasury Department, and such other proposi-
tions relating: to raising revenue and providing ways
and means for the support of the Government as shali
be presented."
Reports from the Treasury Department, bills
raising revenue and ways and means for the
support of the Government. Now, it is plac
ing a most forced construction on that rule for
any one to undertake to tell me thata bill which
simply changes securities is a way or a means
for supporting the Government in the sense in
which that rule confers powers on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. If it is not, then
to my mind the larger incident, the incident
relating^ to banking and currency, being clear
and distinct, and it being a doubtful proposi-
tion whether the other reaches at all the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it is the duty of
this House to give at least the credit to that
committee to which it is entitled under the
rules that have been framed for its establish-
ment Ido hope, therefore, that this matter will
be referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, not being a
member either of the Committee of Ways and
Means or of the Committee on Banking and
