2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. SCHURZ. I presented a written report
on that bill, and I desire that it be acted upon.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in 1
Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider '
the bill. _ !
The Committee on Military Affairs reported \
the bill with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
That all the right and title of the United States to
tlio military reservation in the city and county of
San Francisco, in the State of California, known as
the Point San Jos6 military reservation, bo, and the
s.ime are hereby, relinquished and granted to the
said eity and county, and its successors, for the ben-
efit ofthe persons who, if the said land had notbeen
reserved for puolic use, would have been entitled
thereto under the ordinances of the city of San
Francisco, ratified by an act of the Legislature ot
the said State, approved on the 11th day of March, (
1858, entitled "An act concerning the city of San
Francisco, and to ratify and confirm certain ordi-
nances of the common council of said city," there
being excepted from this relinquishment and grant
all that certain piece or parcel of land,portion ot
said reservation, and which is bounded and described
as lollows, namely, commencing at a point in the
mean low-water snore-line of the bay or entrance to
the bay of San Francisco, east ofthe promontory of
Point San Jos6, where the same is intersected by the
westerly line of Van Ness avenue; running thence
southerly along the said westerly line of Van Ness
avenue to its intersection with tho northern line of
Bay street; thence westerly along the north side of
Bay street to its intersection with the eastern line
of Laguna street; thence northerly along tho said
eastern line of Laguna street to the westerly shore;
thence in a northeasterly, easterly, southeasterly,
and southerly direction, following the said shore-
line, to the point or place of beginning.
Skc. 2, And be it further enacted. That all laws and
parts of laws in conflict with the provisions of this
act be. and thesameare hereby, declared inapplicable
to the lands hereinabove relinquished and granted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, and perhaps the Senator from
ment. I ask to have the amendment read. It
has been lying on the desk of each Senator for
some time.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is to be amended
and lead to debate I object to the further con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr.SCHURZ. It will not lead toanydebate.
I have examined the amendment of the Senator
from California and it is perfectly satisfactory
to me, and I suppose to the rest of the mem-
bers of the Military Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas withdraw his objection ? The
Senator from Missouri states that the amend-
ment is satisfactory to the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the amendment be
read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to state that as a
matter of course I submitted the amendment
some time ago to the Senator from Missouri,
who reported this bill.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line seven of the
amendment, after the word "successors," to
strike out the following words:
For the benefit of the persons who. if the said
land had not been reserved for public use, would
have been entitled thereto under the ordinances of
the city of San Francisco, ratified by an act of the
Legislature of the said State, approved on the 11th
day of March, 1858, entitled An act concerning the
city of San Francisco, and to ratify and confirm cer-
tain ordinances of thecommon council of said eity."
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the nses and purposes as follows: First, to
reserve and set apart, if the said city shall so provide
by ordinance, passed within six months after the date
of the passage of this act, as many lots of land, not
more than one hundred and thirty-seven and one-
half feet square each, nor exceeding in the aggregate
a quantity of land equivalent to the area of four such
lots, as may be necessary for sites for school-houses,
police stations, fire-engine houses, or any other pub-
lic establishments necessary and proper for municipal
purposes; or the same, or any part thereof, may be
appropriated for a public square; but the city shall
not take, for the sites of said public square or estab-
lishments, more than one fifth part of the land pos-
sessed as hereinafter provided by any one person.
Such lots of land so reserved and set apart may be in
addition to thosd already reserved and set apart with-
in said military reservation by said city, under the
ordinance known as the Van Ness ordinance, and
certain otherordinance confirmatory thereof, and the
act ofthe Legisla'ure of the State ofCalifornia passed
March 11, 1858, confirming said ordinances, which
lots so reserved and set apart are hereby granted and
confirmed to said city. Second, to maintain all
streets and alleys as now laid out upon the official
map of tho city of San Francisco. Third, and then
in trust to grant and convoy the remainder of paid
lands to tho parties severally who are at the date of
the passago of this act in tho actual bonajide posses-
sion thereof by themselves or their tenants, nnu in
such parcels as tho same are so held and possessed
by them; or who, if they have not such possesion,
were deprived thereof by tho United States military
authorities when they went into the occupancy ot
said military reservation; or wero deprived thereof
by intruders or trespassers against whom possession
m y be recovered by legal process. Fourth, to havo
and to hold all the residue, if any, of said lands, for
tho use and benefit of said oity.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a very long amend-
ment to the bill. I do not comprehend it. I
know that this matter was held under consid-
eration in the Military Committee for a con-
siderable time, and we gave it an thorough
examination as we could, and the result of our
labors is before the Senate in the bill reported.
I know so little about the effect of this amend-
ment that I feel a reluctance to vote for it. I
shall therefore be obliged to ask that the bill
be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very sorry that the
Senator should press that objection. This
amendment really makes no material difference
in the bill as reported by the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. That may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan, the Senator from Vermont, and
others say that they desire time to consider it.
Mr. CASSERLY. If Senators desire time
to examine it, of course I have no objection
to its being passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
order of business on monday.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will be remembered
that the order under which we are now acting
was made applicable to to-day and Saturday;
but we have dispatched so much business under
it that having consulted my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] who has properly the disposal
of Monday, I move that the order under which
we are now acting be continued for Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be until we get through
! the Calendar.
J Mr. AN l'HONY. I should prefer to con-
; tinue it until we get through the Calendar.
Several Senators. That is right.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
' motion?
! Mr. ANTHONY. The motion is that the
1 order under which we are now acting be con-
I tinued every day until we have gone through
! with the Calendar.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Commencing on Monday
1 where we leave off to-day.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Chair to
i understand that that would rule out a motion
to go into executive session ? The Senator
from Indiana made such a motion to-day, and
the Chair doubted'whether he could consider it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I objected to it on the
ground that many Senators were away; but
this is asked to be done by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island? The Chair hears none, and it
is so ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That this order
shall continue at one o'clock every day until
the Calendar shall be gone through with.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us adopt this order first.
Mr. HOWARD. It has been adopted by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment. I ask unani-
mous consent.to-have a short executive ses-
sion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is impossible now.
Mr. SPENCER. For the purpose of refer-
ring some nominations that ought to be re-
ferred.
; Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn in order to enable Senators to take up
the next bill on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana has made the motion to adjourn.
Does he yield to the Senator IVoin Alabama?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama asks that by unanimous consent
there be an executive session to refer nomina-
tions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator from
Alabama if he will not permit one other bill
to be taken up ?
Mr. SPENCER. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the next but one on
the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. That is for the relief of
two orphan children, and it ought to be acted
upon.
< The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
j will report the next bill on the Calendar.
preservation of harbors.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 424) for the preservation of the har-
; bors of the United States against encroach-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be acted
! upon.
' Mr. CHANDLER. That is a very import-
ant bill, and as all the bills of the Committee
on Commerce have been passed over thus far
I hope there will be no objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. You do not object to that?
That is a good bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I am anxious to get to the
next bill. •
helen and heloise lincoln.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) for the relief
of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and
for the withholding of moneys from tribes of
Indians holding American captives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that had
better lie over.
Several Senators. No; no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Maine insist on his objection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; as Sen-
ators seem so desirous to act upon it.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have prepared a sub-
stitute for a similar House joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee object?
Several Senators. No; no.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a simple duty to
humanity. It is one of the cruelest cases on
record.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody ought to object.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know that I should
object if I knew the facts. Is there any report
accompanying the joint resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appear to
be amendments, but no written report. _ The
joint resolution will be read, and it will be
open to objection at any time previous to final
action.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will see by
the amendments reported that it is guarded.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the joint resolution with amendments. The
first amendment was in section one, line five,
to strike out " $5,000" and insert " $2,500;
so as to make the section read:
Thatthe Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed
to reserve from any moneys due or to become due to
