1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
If there were any necessity for 'he appropri-
ation asked for by this bill) and that necessity
was made manifest to Congress, of course^ 1
would not oppose it But if gentlemen will
examine the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, made in December, 18G0, and ascertain
tbe condition of our naval force at that time,
and then refer to the report of the Secretary
of the Navy, made in December, 1869, and
ascertain the condition of our naval force at
that time, I think it will be perfectly apparent
io them all that there is no actual necessity for
this appropriation, and that we ought not to go 1
on and multiply ships and add to the expenses
of the Government for that purpose.
According to the report of the Secretary of
the Navy, made in December, 1860, there were
then in commission 3 ships of the line, 3 frig-
ates, 12 sloops, 2 brigs, 9 store-ships, and 24
steamers; in all 54 vessels. There were being j
repaired 3 ships of the line, 7 frigates, 8 sloops,
1 brig, 11 store-ships, and 11 steamers; in all
41 vessels. There were being constructed 4
ships of the line, 1 frigate, and 1 steamer; in
all 6 vessels and the aggregate of vessels in I
the Navy of the United States in 1860 was 101. j
What have we now? I ask the Clerk to read i
from the report of the Secretary of the Navy '
for December, 1869, the portion 1 have marked, j
by which it will be seen that on the 4th of |
March last there were 203 vessels in the United
States Navy, or more than doable the number
there were in 1860.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Naval force in March, 1869.
" When my immediate predecessor came into office,
on the 9th day of March last, the Navy of the United
States consisted of 203 vessels of all classes and in
every condition.
" These measured 183,442 tons, and were calculated
to carry, when in commission, 1.366 guns, exclusive
of howitzers.
"Of these ships 151 were wooden, and 52 were iron-
clad or monitors.
"Of the wooden ships 32 were sailing vessels; 53
were steamers, with some auxiliary sail-power; 44
were steamers, without any efficient sail-power; and
22 were without sail-power of any kind.
" The iron-clads are all steamers,relying wholly on
steam under all circumstances.
" Of all these classes onlyJ43 vessels, including stor e-
Bhips, mounting 356 guns of every caliber, were at-
tached to fleets or returning therefrom. Six more,
mounting 36 guns, were in commission for special
service; and 6 others at the various stations as-reeeiv-
ing ships. These, together with 14 tugs and small
Teasels, attached to the various navy-yards and sta-
tions, constituted the whole forcet>f the Navy at that
time effective for immediate service.
" It has since been found necessary to offer for sale
on foreign stations 3 of these vessels, which were con-
demned as unfit for service and unsafe to send home;
and 25 more of them have been ordered home to the
various navy-yards for repair and alteration or sale.
But one ship, the Juniata, at Philadelphia, was
under repair at the time of the coming in of the pres-
ent Administration.
" The remainder of the Navy not in commission
consisted of—
"First. 46 iron-clads and monitors of every class,
laid up at various stations, none of which could begot
ready for service without thorough overhauling and
expensive repairs to hulls, turrets, and machinery,
32 of which had been condemned and ordered to be
sold, as not adapted to our service, 26 of them never
having been in commission,
" Second, 22 vessels of every class yet on the stocks,
and on which work had been suspended.
"Third, 66 vessels laid up in ordinary, or unfit for
active service in the future."
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for a few minutes.
Mr. BECK. Like the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence,] I was compelled to be absent
this morning from the meeting of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, of which I am a mem-
■mer. The Committee on Reconstruction, of
which I am also a member, held a session this
morning for the purpose of considering the
subject of the admission of the State of Mis-
sissippi again to representation in Congress.
In regard to the bill now nnder consideration
I hope the House will vote for the least amount
proposed, to wit, $1,500,000. The Secretary
of tbe Navy, in the estimates submitted at the
commencement of this session, did not ask for
any deficiency, and this request was made only
after the lapse of several weeks from the com-
mencement of the session. Besides, in 1868
the Navy Department had $18,250,000 of unex-
pended balances, though they failed to show,
as the law required, what unexpended balances
they had on .band.
They are now asking an appropriation for
the pay of twelve thousand men, though the
law, I understand, limits them to eight thou-
sand. They are asking for $5,000,000 for the
pay of the officers of the Navy, nearly two mil-
lions more than is asked for the petty officers,
seamen, &c. My idea is that in a few days a
bill will be perfected reviewing the whole sub-
ject, and then the House can far more intelli-
gently determine what should be allowed for
the use of the Navy Department. Therefore I
am in favor of appropriating the very smallest
possible sum which in the opinion of this House
may be necessary to continue the service of
this Department, the extravagances of which,
as all must see, are greater than those of any
other. When the naval appropriation bill shall
; come before the House, as I hope it will very
soon, that will be the proper time for us to say
what shall be done with any unexpended bal-
ances and how far we should institute measures
| of reform in this Department. I had hoped
j that the appropriation proposed in this Dill
; would not come before us until we take up the
I naval appropriation bill, so that we might con-
I sider all these questions together. Bat if the
House thinks that something must be done
immediately, then let the smallest possible sum
be appropriated at this time. I do not desire
to antagonize this bill, for I have not sufficient
information to justify me in doing so; but I am
in favor of appropriating the smallest possible
sum until this whole question can receive
thorough consideration.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
upon the bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAW ES. I rise for the purpose of closing
the debate.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the gentleman
will not close debate on this subject. Let us
have this matter fully discussed.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to distribute to
other gentlemen a large part of the hour to
which I am entitled. I yield ten minutes to
my colleague, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this in an excep-
tional case and ought not be decided upon con-
siderations which might be very proper with
reference to an act of general legislation. I agree
in what has been said by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] and other gentlemen
who are opposed to this bill with reference to
tbe general subject of appropriations for the
Navy. If it will please the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] I will say that I have no
inclination to defend the policy or the action
of the Navy Department. It may be that our
ships, some eighty of which are on the stocks
for repair, are not what this country ought to
have; it may be that we ought to have iron
ships, or some other improved class of vessels.
But if we refuse to repair these we do not get
iron ships. If we leave these ships in their
present condition, practically worthless as gen-
tlemen tell us, we get nothing in their place.
Gentlemen ask whether there is any danger
of a conflict with other nations upon the sea.
No man can say that there is; but, sir, I take
the liberty of declaring that no man can. affirm
what will be the condition of this country in
this regard one year hence. There are out-
standing questions with other Governments,
and there is a public sentiment existing in this
country which may bring us into conflict with
some other nation. If, then, we do not provide
for such a contingency by putting in proper
condition the vessels which we have, what have
we with which to meet the emergencies which
may arise and which are not, in any degree,
impossible or even improbable? Sir, no man
can say what is to be the condition of this
country one year hence; and whatever the
appropriation may be, it is the bounden duty
of this Congress at the present time to do what
it can to insure the efficiency of our Navy.
I do not remember that I have ever urged
larger appropriations for the Naval Depart-
ment than those that have been reported by
the Committee on Appropriations ; and if this
were a general bill I do not think I should have
one word to say against any reasonable report
that the committee might be pleased to offer.
But this is an exceptional case, and does not
involve those general considerations to which
some gentlemen have referred.
What is the fact? • Eighty vessels, as the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
has told us, are on the stocks for repair. In
my opinion, if those repairs which are now in
progress be not continued great detriment to
this property of the Government will ensue.
Consider the question in another point of
view. Here are five or six thousand men
thrown out of employment. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] says that we
are not called upon to employ every idle man
in the country. That I concede; but, sir, that
is not this case. These men were in the employ
of the Government by the action and the orders
of the Government, and without an instant's
uotice they are thrown out of employ in an
inclement season, when the industry of the
country is prostrate and when none of them can
gain employment by which to support them-
selves or their families.
Sir, there is not a corporation, heartless and
soulless as these corporations are reputed to
be, there is not an employer in the land who
would throw out of employment five thousand
or even five hundred men under these circum-
stances. The Government is bound by every
consideration of justice, ay, sir, by every con-
sideration of decency, to give these men, if
they are to be thrown out of employment at
this season of the year, at least reasonable
notice; and unless we pass this bill that can-
not be done. No man can defend the action
of the Government if we summarily and with-
out notice throw these men out of employment
at this season of the year, taking into consid-
eration the present depressed condition of the
business of the country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The ap-
propriation of $1,500,000, as proposed by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,]
will enable the Secretary of the Navy to go on
and employ these men for sixty days, so that
they will have at least sixty days' notice.
Mr. BANKS. It was to that point I wished
to come. We should give the Secretary of the
Navy what he asks at this time; and when the
general appropriation bill comes up, having
the whole condition of the United States before
us, we can decide on this whole subject as we
may deem just and necessary. If, then, it be
the determination of Congress to reorganize
these bureaus, if these appropriations are to
be increased or diminished, let the House take
such action as it may deem best; and, for one,
I will make no protest against any reasonable
action which the committee may recommend
in this regard. But, sir, when the Secretary
of the Navy asks for this appropriation, when
he asks U3 for permission to use funds already
appropriated to the amount of $4,000,000, and
informs us of the character of the work which
will suffer if it be not completed, and that our
refusal will throw out of employment altogether
men who have been recently, in my judgment,
summarily and unjustly discharged, I think we
ought to give him that power. When the general
appropriation bill shall come up for consider-
ation, we may then take what action we please;
but in this exceptional case, when the Secretary
of the Navy asks us for permission to transfer
funds from one bureau to another, we shall give
him the permission which he asks and leave
the responsibility with him. That is my posi-
tion. I am not only willing to give him the
amount reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations, but the additional $1,000,000 which
he has requested. If you reduce the appropri-
