4796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that his colleague,
General Sciienck, was absent on account oi'
illness.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Fox, who was absent on
account of sickness, would if present vote in
the negative.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague,
Mr. Keiir,, was paired with Mr. Meiicuxi, who
would vote in the affirmative, while he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Butler, who was absent on account of
sickness, would if present vote in the affirm-
ative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which Mr. Dickey's amendment was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr.
woutii's amendment as amended.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 90, not voting
42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler. Archer,
Axteii, Bearnan, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Binp:ham,
Bird. Blair, Booker, James Brooks, Bui chard, Burr,
Calkin, Cleveland, Conner, Cook, Crebs, Cuilom,
Dickinson, Dockcrv, Box, Bldridge. Farn^worth,
Feiriss, Ferry, Fmkelnburs:, Fitch, Garfield, Ootz,
(Iriswold, Haight, lLildeuum, Ilalc, Hamblcton,
Hawkins, liny, Jlolmari, Interpol]. Jenekos, John-
son, Thomas ]j. Jones. Judd, Keiiogi*, ICetcham,
Knott, Lntiin, Lewif, Loson, Marshall, Maj-ham,
jSicCormick, ilcKcnzio, McNeely, Jesso II. Moore,
Moiean, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrifsey, Munsten,
Xiblnck, Orth, Packard, Paine, Peters, Poland,
Potior, Reeves, Bice, llogers, Sargent, Schumaker,
Sherrod, Shobcr, Sloeum. John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, Staikwcalher, Stiles. Stone, Strong, Swee-
ney, 'J'afle, Trimble, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken.Yan
Trump, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn,William 33. Wash-
burn, Wells. Williams. Eugene M. Wilson, Wmans,
Wood, and Woodward—
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arncll, Appcr,
Atwood. Bailey, Barry, Bennett, Benton, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buflinton, Bur-
et ett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Chnrchiil, William
T. Olaik, Sidney Claiko, Amosn Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Govode, Davis, Dawes, Bcg-
encr, Dixon, Donley, I)ver, F!a, Fisher, (jiilillan,
Hamilton, Harris, lLavs, ILeliin, llili, lloar, Hooper,
Alexander II. Jones Julnn, Kellcy, Kelsey, Knapp,
Lash, Lawrence, Loui^hrid^e, Maynard, McCr.vy,
McKee, William Moore, Morphia, Myers, Neglcy,
New&ham, O'Xcill, Pulmor, Pock, Peroo, Phelps,
Piatt, Pomerov, Porter, Proper, Snniord, Sawyer,
Mcofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,William J.Smith,
William Smyth, SU'v ens.S" eveuMm, Stokes, Stouc;h-
lon, Slriekl md. Taylor, Tillman. Twichcli, Van
Horn, Van Wvok, Wallace, Ward, Wclker, Wheeler,
"Whitmore, Wilkinson, and John T. "Wilson—DO.
N'OT VOTING - - Me.-ssis. Aver, Bank?, Barnum,
I'.vsrs, Bowen, Boyd, ilodeiiek It. Butler, Cake,
Oowles, Cox, Dickey, Duval, Fox, Gibson, Hamill,
Hawley, Heaton. lloyro, iJotehktss, K>rr. Lynch,
McCarthy, MeGrcw, Mereur, jUilpes Elhikiin II.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Packer, Randnll, Hide-
way, Roots, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon,Worthing-
tou C. Smith. St.radei\ Swann, Tanner. Townsend,
Voorhcos. Willard. Winchester, and Witcher—42.
So the amendment of Mr. pAR^roUTll, as
amended, was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ARCHER stated that his colleague, Mr.
IIamiu,, was paired also on this amendment
with Mr Duvw, of West Virginia.
Mr. WARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
IIoTCUKiys, was detained from the House by
sickness.
The result of tho vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. FAHNSWORTIi moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to: and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. DaWCS. as amended by the amendment
of Mr. Fauxswoiitii. j:isi agreed to, as follows:
Awmd thotext of the Senate amendment so that
it will rciid i ^ follow-;:
bf-.t' 1. .4 ti'i it cutrtp'l. That the State of Ceo' a n ,
having couij'lii.d with ihe r-H-on-;ruotit;ii a?i-.and
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Con-
stitution oi the United Stateshavingbecu ratifiedin
good faith bya legal Legislature ot said State, it is
hereby declared that the State of Geoi^ia is entitled
to representation in the Congress ot the United
States. But nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to deprive the people of Georgia of the
rightto an election for members of the General Assem-
bly of said State, as provided for in the constitution
thereof.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending Juno 30,
1868, and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1867, as prohibits theorganizalion, arming1, or calling
into service of the militia forces in tho States of
Georgia, Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
The SPEAKER. The amendment ottered
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
will next be voted on.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
to make a single suggestion. I desire to say
that I do not believe iu a single word in the
bill, except that Georgia is entitled to repre-
sentation,
Mr. DA.AVES. I desire to make a verbal
amendment in line three. Instead of saying
"the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments,"
it should be "the fourteenth and fifteenth arti-
cles of amendment."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
any change. It is better to take it as it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
allow those words to go in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
have the bill as crude as possible.
Mr. COX. I think my friend and colleague
from New Yoik will not object if you will
promise not to bring the question of Geoigia
back atjain within two or three weeks.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will agree to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. For how long?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Till next session.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my objection.
The amendment was accordingly modified
by substituting the words *' articles of amend-
ment " for the word "amendments."
The SPEAKER. The next amendment in
order will be that of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lavtbisxcb.]
Mr. ALL>SON. As I understand, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio is in tho form
of an addition to tho amendment uf Mr. Dawes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Qjiio. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Would it not bo the
proper order to vote first, on Mr. Dawes's
amendment as amended ?
The SPEAKER. The parliamentary order
is to vole on (he amendment ot tho gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] iir^t.
The Clerk read M r. 1 j\wjlkvoh' b amendment,
as follows:
Add to Mr. Dawks's amendment the following ;
And he it further ciutcied. That the State of Ceorgsa
is admitted to representation in Cungioj^ as one of
tho State* of the Union, upon the following funda-
mental conditions: iirat.that it shall never bo 1;nv-
fnl for the said State to deprive any citizen ol the
United S*,;it es on account ot In* ivco, coku, m j>re-
vious condition oi MiiviJude, of tho right to Isold
office under the con<titufion and laws oj said Slafe,
or upon any audi r.rmiud to requite oi him any other
riualiinMtson- lor oihoe til.in ^aoh o,re icqnnvd oi
:il! other citizen*. Second, tlmt the con^tiluticni of
Ceorgia shall never be so amended or changed as to
depi l ve any < iriv.jn or c'as-j of oi !/,ens ot I ho Uni ted
Si ;itcs of the : chool rij$h*« and privileges secured by
the constitution of s:-id Stale.
The question was put on Mr. Lawkexce's
amendment.; and there were—ayes 4a. noes 74.
Mr. KELSEY demnnded the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
aye? twenty; not a sufficient number.
iMi\ S T r.V' KXSON called for tellers on
oidering the yeas and nays.
On ordeiing tellers there were—ayes nine-
teen; not a suilich-nt number.
So tellers were refused ; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The amendment of Mr. L.VffuEXCE was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the. amendment, as amended, of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] which is an
amendment to the Senate substitute. Prac-
tically, as it now stands, it amounts to a sub-
stitute for the Senate amendment, because, if
it is adopted by the House, all that tho Senate
have inserted is stricken out and what is pro-
posed in the amendment is inserted, if there
be no objection, it will be submitted as a sub-
stitute for the Senate amendment.
The question was put; and Mr. Dawes's
amendment, as amended, in the nature of a
substitute, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question uextin order
would be on the substitute reported by tho
Keconstruction Committee. The first amend-
ment thereto is that offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna.]
Mr. CESSNA. 1 desire to make the same
change as has been made in t4e amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] by substituting the words "articles
of amendment" for ''amendments.'''
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ck.ssxa] falls,
under the rules of the House.
Mr. CESSNA. Will the Chair allow me to
make a remark ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. CESSNA. . I desire to say that the
amendment 1 have proposed is precisely in the
language of that offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Is this argument in order?
The SPEAKER. Argument is not in order.
Mr. CESSNA. I did not disturb the gentle-
man from Ohio, and 1 have not meddled in
this debate at all, and 1 think 1 ought to be
permitted to state my own position.
The SPEAKER. So far as the gentleman
continus himself to the parliamentary point
the Chair will hear him.
Mr. CESSNA. My motion was to strike
out the bill of the Reconstruction Committee
and insert precisely what was offered by the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks.]
Now, if the amendment of thegentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fauxswoetjj] had been voted
down, the Chair would be correct, in my opin-
ion ; hut if my amendment should be adopted
the next question would be between my amend-
ment and the amendment of the gentleman,
as amended by tho gentleman from Illinois.
[Mr. Pakxswoutii.] Therefore the questions
are not identical, are not the same, and it is
perfectly right and proper that a vote should
be had on substituting my amendment, pure
and simple, for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.j
I he SPEAKER. The Chair did not rule
that it is not competent for the House to vote
on tho amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to the substitute proposed by the
Reconstruction Committee ; but if that were
agi eed to, the question would then recur upon
sulking out language which the House has
definitely agreed to, namely, the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] The House has agreed to that amend-
ment.
Mr. CESSNA. Another vote is required
on concurring in the Senate amendment, as
amended.
I lie SPEAKER. Butthe House has amended
the Senate substitute by inserting the words
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawks,] as amended on motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswgkth,]
and those words having been voted in by the
House, must stand. It is quite competent to
add to those words, and if the gentleman has
a section to add it can be done.
