1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3853
Jenckes, Thomas L. .Tones, Julian, Loughridge,
McCormick, Milnes, Mungen, Niblack, Palmer,
JPlatt, Porter, Ridgway, Sanford, Slocum, Strader,
Swann, Sweeney, Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Welker, "Well?, Wiiiard, Win-
chester, and Wood—43.
So the motion that the joint resolution be
laid on the table was not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments* were made:
Mr. DAVIS. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Lougii-
ridge. If he were here he would vote "no,"
and I should vote "ay."
Mr. SWEENEY". I am paired with the gen-
tleman from Alabama, Mr. Buck. If he were
here, he would vote "no," and I should vote
1 'ay."
Mr. TYNER. I desire to say that my col-
league, Mr. Juliax, is absent on account of
sickness. If he were present lie would vote
"ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on ordering the
joint resolution to be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 81. not voting
42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Atwood, Axtell.Ayer, Bailey,Banks, Barnum. Barry,
Bennett. Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks,'Buckley, Burdctt, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, William
T. Clark. Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Connor. Covode,
Cowles, Dawes, Degoner, Dickcy, Dixon, Doekery,
Box, l<Vrriss, Ferry, Fitch, Fox,G-arfield, Getz, Ham-
ilton, Harris,Hays,Hoar,Hooper, Hotchkiss. John-
son, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey,
ICetcham, Knapp, Lftflin, L.ish, Logan,Lynch, May-
ham, Maynard, McCarthy, McKce. McKenzie.Mor-
phia, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Negley,
Jlewsham, O'Neill, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Po-
land. Prossei\ Roots. Sawyer, Sehenek. SehuinnkCr,
Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Sho-
ber, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, WillianiSinyi h, Starkweather, Stoke-.,
Stoughton, Strickland. Taffe. Tanner, Tillman,
Townscnd, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Cadwal-
<i(ler C Wabhburn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, and Eugene 1V1. Wilson—106.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Biggs, Bird, Jame« Brooks, Buifinton, liurch-
ard, Cessna,, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Cook. Cox, Crcbs, Cullom, Dickinson, Donley, Duval,
Dyer,Bin, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Giis-
wold, Haight. Hale, Hamill,Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Heflin. Hill, Holman. Ingersoll, Kerr, Knott, Law-
rence, Lewis, Marshall, McCi ary, McGrew, McNeely,
Mercur, Eliakim H.Aloore, Jesse 11. Moore, William
Moore, Morgan. Orth. Packard. Paekcr, Paine, Pot-
ter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Senile Id,
Shanks, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Swann, Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Van
Wyck, Voovhees Ward, V7illard. Williams, John T.
Wilson. Winans, Witcher, and Woodward—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benmaru Beck, Benjamin,
Boles, Buck, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler, Cleveland,
Davis, Fisher, Gibson, Gilfillan, Ila'deman, Hain-
bleton, Heaton, Hoge, Jenrckes, Thomas L. Jones.
Judd, Julian, Loughridge,McCormick, Milnes, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Mungen, Niblack, Palmer, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Porter, Ridgway, Sanford, Slocum. Stra-
der, Sweeney. Van Horn,Van Trump, Welker,Wells,
Whiimoro, Winchester, and Wood—12.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, said : I desire
to state that if my colleague, Mr. Wood, were
here he would vote u no."
Mr. SHANKS., At the request of my col-
league, Mr. Juliax, who is necessarily absent
on account of sickness, I announce that if he
were here he would on these various proposi-
tions vote against the joint resolution.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The joint resolution was read the third time.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. WHEELER called for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
The question being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The question being put on the motion,
TheSPEAKER. The noes appear to have it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the
table.
The main question was ordered, which was
upon the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 85, not
voting 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Atwood,Axtell.Ayer, Bailey, Banks. Barnum, Barry,
Bennett Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buidett, Roderick
R.Butler, Cake, (Jaikm, Churchill, William T.Clark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner, oa-ode, Cowles,
Dawes, Degcner, Dickev, Dixon. Doekery, Dox.Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Hamil-
ton, llairis, Hays, Hoar, Hooper, Horchkiss. John-
son, Alexander II. Jone-?, Koiley, Kellogg, Iiolsoy,
Kctcham, ICnapp, Lnllm, L.^h, Logan, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, McKce, McKenzjo, Morphia, Daniel
J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers. Neglev, Ncw&ham,
O'Neill, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Poland Pom-
eroy, Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Sho-
ber, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthmg-
ton C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Talt'e, Tanner.Tillman,Town-
send, Trimble, Twichell. Van Auken, CadwaladerC.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler. Whit-
more, Wilkinsou, and Eugene M. Wilson—107.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Amblei, Arneil, Asper, Beatty,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Buflinfon, Bur-
chard, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amaas
Cobb, Coburn.Cook, Cox, Crehs Culloui, Dickinson,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Kla, Eldridge, Famswonh,
Finkeln'uurg, Getz, Griswold, Hajght, llildeman,
dale, Ilamiil, Hawkins, llawicy, Hay, I-Jcflm, Hill,
Holman, Ingcrsoll, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis,
Marshall. Mayham, MeCrary, MeGrew, McNccly,
Morcur, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse H.Moore. Wil-
liam Mooi c, Morgan, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogeit., Sargent,
Seotield, Shsinke, John A. Smith Stevens, St oven-
son, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann, Tavlor, Tyner,
Upson, VanWyek, Voorhees, Ward, Willard. Wii-
l hamts John T.Wilbon, Winanj, Witcher, and Wood-
ward— 85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Beaman, Benja-
min, Boles, Buck, Burr. Benjamin F. Butler. Da-
vis. Fisher, Gilfillan, liambleton, Heaton. Hoge,
Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Julian, Lough-
ridge. McCormick, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill,Mun-
gen, Niblack, Palmer, Piatt,, Porter, Ridgway, San-
ford, Slocum, Strader, Sweeney. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Welker, Wells, Winchester, and Wood—37.
So the joinE lesolution was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. SLOCUM slated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Fisher, who would have
voted "ay," while he would have voted "no."
Mr. McNEELY stated that if his colleague,
Mr. Burr, were present he would vote in the
negative.
Mr. NIBLACK said: Mr. Speaker, I am
still paired on this question with Mr. McCor-
mick, of Missouri, i regret it, as I am opposed
to the joint resolution, and should like to vote
against it.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY and Mr. TYNER obtained
leave to have printed in the Globe, as a part
of the regular proceedings of the House, some
remarks on the joint resolution just passed*
[See Appendix.]
order of business.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a rtrivileged ques-
tion, to call up a contested-election case.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, to make a report from a committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio takes precedence.
"wreckdo and abandoned property.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the amendments
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
173) to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to collect wrecked and abandoned property,
derelict claims, and dues belonging to the Uni-
ted States, were taken from the Speaker's table,
non-concurred in, and a committee of confer-
ence requested on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr..GoRHAM,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the Bouse to the
joint lesolution (S. R. No. 96) to place the name
of Charles H. Pendleton on the Navy Register
as lieutenant commander on the active list.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles j in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving the
consent of Congress to the reception of a, cer-
tain bequest by the State of New Jersey under
the will of the late Edwin A. Stevens ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) for the relief
of Captain John Faunce and others, officers of
the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit the following
conference report.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of confercnce on the disagreeing
voiesof the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the hill (11. R. No. 1293 j to enforce the right
nf citizen? of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union who have hitherto been denied
that right on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, having met, after full and free
confercnce have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows ;
That the House recede from its disagreement to'
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments:
Section three, line nineteen, after the word " shall"
insoit tho word "wrongfully;" in line nineteen,
strike out the word " knowingly."
Section eleven, line twenty-two, strike out tho
words "by indictmcnt and," and in lieu thereof
insert the word "on."
Section thirteen, strike out all of tho section after
tho word " be" in line tour, and in lieu thereof insert
" necessary to aid in the execution of judicial pro-
cess issued under this act."
Section sixteon, line fourteen, strike out " emi-
grating" and in lieu thereof insert" immigrating;"
lino sixteen, strike out44 emigrating," and in Ueu
thereof insert "immigrating."
Scction nineteen, line thirtv-ninc, strike out *' in-
dictment," and in lieu thereof insert " prosecution."
Section twenty, line thirty, strike out "indict-
ment," and in lieu thereof insert " prosecution."
Section twenty, at the end of tho section add the
following proviso:
Provided. That every registration made under
the law* of any State or Territory, for any State or
other eleelion at which &uch Representative or Del-
egate in Congress shall be chosen, shall be deemed
to be a registration within the meaning of this act,
notwithstanding thesamc shall also be made for the
purposes of any State, territorial, or municipal elec-
tion.
Insert the following, to come in as section twenty-
one:
Sec. 21. And be it farther enacted. That whenever
by tho laws of any State or Territory the namo of
any candidate or person to be voted for as Repre-
sentative or Delegate m Congress shall be required
to be printed, written, or con ained in any ticket or
ballot with other candidates or persons to be voted
for at the same election for State, territorial, muni-
cipal, or local officers, it shall be sufficient prima
facie evidence, either for the purpo&e of indicting
or convicting any person charged with voting or
attempting or offering to vote unlawfully under the
provisions of the preceding sections, or for commit-
ting either of the offenses thereby cicated, to prove
that the person charged or indicted voted, or at-
tempted or offered to vote, such ballot or ticket, or
committed either of the offenses named m the pre-
ceding sections of this act with ivJerence to such
ballot. And the proof raid cslabh-hm'-nt of such
fact shall be taken, held, and deemed to be pre-
sumptive evidence that such person voted, or at-
tempted or offered to vote, for such Representative
or Delegate, as tho case may be, or that such offenso
was committed with reference to the election of such
Representative or Delegate, and shall be sufficient
to warrant his conviction, lutie^ it shall be shown
that any such ballot when ca^t, or attempted or
offered to be east, by him did not contain the name
of any candidate for the ofiicc of Representative or
Delegate in tho Congress of the United States, or
that such offense was not committed with reference
to the election of such Representative or Delegate.
Insert the following, to come in as section twenty-
Rcc. 22. And be it further enacted, That any officer
of any election at which any Representative or Dei-
