1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
were laid op at the close of the war. This
expense has now been incurred. The vessels
now upon the stocks are necessaiy if we intend
to keep up our squadrons abroad and relieve
vessels on foreign stations.
Mr. LOGAN.. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. DICKEY. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know if the repairs
now desirable are to be made on wooden ves-
sels entirely, or on iron vesselsalso ?
Mr. DICKEY. On both kinds, I under-
stand.
Mr. LOGAN. On both kinds?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, on both kinds, I under-
stand ; and right here I would inform the gen-
tleman that the Secretary of the Navy says
that he proposes that Congress shall make no
provision for constructing new vessels, but
simply to repair those now built and to com-
plete those now in course of construction.
Mr. LOGAN. One other question.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like the gentleman
to inform me what use we would have for those
wooden vessels in the great war which we are
given to understand may occur within the next
twelve months, and how much use they would
be to meet the iron-clads that may then appear
upon our coast?
Mr. BANKS. Admiral Farragut could
answer that question.
Mr. LOGAN. Admiral Farragut is not on
this floor, and I inquire of one who is on the
floor.
Mr. DICKEY. I can only answer that
wooden vessels were found to be very effective
under Admiral Farragut and Admiral Porter
during the late rebellion.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no doubt about that. I
only asked what would be the probable effect
of these wooden vessels upon iron-clads ?
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman knows what
has been done.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought the gentleman's
experience in naval affairs would enable him
to answer that question.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no pretension to the
experience of the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no; the gentleman has
more experience than I have.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] allow me to reply
to the question of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan?]
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I would say to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that the effect of
wooden ships against iron-clads was thoroughly
tested in Mobile bay during the rebellion; and
I have heard Admiral Farragut say that he was
ready at any time to meet any iron-clads that
ever were made with the wooden vessels under
his command.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. "COX. I want to inquire how this bill
came before the House.
The SPEAKER. It was reported by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COX. So far as this debate has gone,
of the five members of the Committee on Ap-
propriations who have spoken on this bill three
have spoken against it. Now I want to know
how this bill comes before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. It was brought in here by an
outsider.
Mr. DA WES. My distinguished friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] is a mathematician and
can very easily tell what is the half of nine.
Mr. LOGAN. That is four and a half.
Mr. COX. I never counted the gentleman
as on both sides of this bill. He is not a half
member and never was. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY. I am willing that all this
discussion should proceed if it does not come
oat of my time.
The SPEAKER. The time occupied by
points of order will not be deducted from the
gentleman's time.
Mr. COX. The half member, I see, is very
remote from me; I mean the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.] [Laughter.]
I wish to ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts one question. We on this side of the
House wish to vote for this bill if possible.
Mr. RANDALL. No, we do not. Speak
for yourself.
Mr. COX. Isay "if possible." I want to
know on whom rests the responsibility for the
discharge of these eight or ten thousand white
workmen of the country ? Is the responsibility
properly chargeable upon the Navy Depart-
ment or upon Congress ? Tell us that and we
can vote intelligently. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. LOGAN. I think I can answer.
Mr. COX. I am appealing to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. LOGAN. I am thoroughly posted on
that point.
Mr. COX. I always knew that the gentle-
man was posted on military, but not on naval
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DICKEY. I am perfectly willing that
all these gentlemen should have their say, but
I do not want it to come out of my five minutes.
Being only a half committee-man, I could
scarcely understand the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox;] but I think a man ofhis size
ought not to talk about " half members," be-
cause he, as well as myself, but especially
he. looks more like a remnant than a half.
[Laughter.]
But, Mr. Speaker, let me resume. The Sec-
retary of the Navy has stated that these wooden
vessels are necessary at foreign stations to pro-
tect our commerce; and I will remind the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that during
the late war a single wooden vessel, bearing the
rebel flag, carried destruction into the com-
mence of this nation on every sea. If in the
event of war the iron-clads of a foreign Power
should come to our shores we now have moni-
tors in readiness. Eight of these, which were
inefficient a year ago, are now in readiness for
any emergency. In sixty hours they could be
prepared to meet any iron-clads which a foreign
Power might bring to bear against us. In addi-
tion to those, oar vast fleets of wooden vessels
could fly our flag upon every sea, and sweep
from existence the commerce of the nation
with which we might be at war.
The naval authorities say that these wooden
vessels are necessary; and their utility, as I
understand, is indorsed by Admiral Farragut.
I do not profess to have any personal knowl-
edge on this subject; but I put faith in these
statements which are made by competent
authorities. Believing that those in charge of
the Navy Department would not ask what is
unnecessary, believing that they merely wish to
complete the repairs of these vessels already
begun, I join in asking this House to make, not
a new appropriation of $3,000,000, but a trans-
fer of $3,000,000 which have already been
appropriated and not used.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to say a
word.
Mr. DAWES. Before I yield I wish to
answer more fully the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox.] I thought I was entirely
frank with the House, as I certainly ought to
have been, in presenting this bill. I stated
that the committee were unanimous in the
opinion that they ought not to reverse but to
curtail this policy of the Navy Department,
and that the only question was how much
money we should recommend to be appropri-
ated in this bill.
I stated that a majority of the committee
were in favor of appropriating the sum reported
in the bill; that a minority of the committee
were in favor of a smaller sum; that while I
intended to be perfectly faithful to the commit-
tee in presenting this bill, I had their permis-
sion to say that personally I was in favor of a
smaller sum. I stated that distinctly. It was
due to the House that in submitting a bill of this
kind I should be entirely frank and should con-
ceal nothing ; but I did not intend to manage this
bill in any other way than as if the sum met my
approval. I desired a smaller sum ; but the
majority of the committee have fixed the sum
named in the bill. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
• Mr. POTTER. I merely desire to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether he hag
ascertained the smallest sum which in his judg-
ment the Navy Department should have appro-
priated to it under this bill?
Mr. DAWES. In a few moments I shall
say a few words, and then call for a vote ; but
for the present I wall yield the floor to one or
two gentlemen who are anxious to be heard on
this subject. I will yield first to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, in behalf
of this bill the cause of "free Cuba" has been
invoked. I desire to say that the most crush-
ing blow yet given to the cause of freedom in
Cuba, and I mention it as an historic fact, was
dealt by the President of the United States in
his message to the two Houses of Congress at
the opening of the present session. No child,
in my judgment, can look at the map and see
the situation of the island of Cuba without
at once becoming convinced that it should
belong to the United States. And, sir, I had
hoped that the President, if he could have said
nothing in behalf of that cause, would at least
have remained silent and done it no damage.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for any dis-
cussion of the cause of Cuba.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. I wish to know, in reference
to this appropriation, whether the money has
been spent already; that is to say, whether the
labor has been already performed for which this
money is asked to be appropriated, or whether
it is to be used in payment of labor yet to be
performed?
Mr. DAWES. I think the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania on the course of
the President in reference to Cuba have made
the matter so clear that there is no necessity
for any answer to his question on my part.
Mr. RANDALL. The position I take on
that subject cannot be controverted.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield for five minutes
to my colleague on the Committee on Appro-
priations, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, when I
was cut off a little while ago I was attempting
to show that this appropriation was unneces-
sary. I have listened to what has been said
in behalf of the bill to hear something show-
ing the necessity for this appropriation, but I
have listened in vain. I heard the remarks of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Calkin,]
but he did not seem to enlighten the House
much as to the necessity for this appropriation.
Why, sir, let me ask this House, should we go
on constrnctingnew ships of war?
Mr. DICKEY. We are told by the Navy
Department that they are constructing no new
ships.
Mr. LAWRENCE. We have been told that
ships are in process of construction and work
is being done on them, and it is safe to My, as
has been remarked by the gentleman before
me, [Mr. Farns worth,] that some of these
ships when completed will either rot at our
wharves or be sold, as other Government ships
have been under Johnson's administration
within the last three or four years, for a song.
That, sir, is precisely what will be done.
Indeed, sir, there is not the least necessity
for this appropriation. "Free Cuba" has
been dragged into this discussion to help it
along. Does Any one propose that we snail
make war to liberate Cuba? It is the part of
