APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22,
Ho. of Beps.
Postal Telegraph—Mr. Washburn.
"41st Cong....2d Sess.
From careful estimates I am convinced that
tlie Post Office Department could add to itself
the telegraph business of the country, and that
it could do that business with good wires at an
expense of $3,500,000 per annum, one half or
less than one half what telegraphing now costs
the country; that it could and would do five
times the amount of telegraphing done to-day
at from one fifth to one tenth the rates charged
at present, and be not only self-sustaining, out
a small source of revenue to the Government.
That its receipts should exceed its expenditures
by more than enough to pay the interest on the
cost of construction or purchase of wires is not
desirable. This could be easily done. The
saving thus effected to the people in three years
would actually pay for the wires.
In every country where the telegraph has
been adopted and utilized by the Government
it has proved advantageous, cheap, efficient,
anda true blessing. Bach Government that has
tried to do the telegraphing for its people has
succeeded in giying them the greatest facilities
at rates which seem absurdly small to us, ac-
customed as we are to high telegraph tolls.
The liberal use of the telegraph would very
much reduce the expenses of the Post Office
Department proper as well as all other depart-
ments of the Government, to say nothing of
the vast saving of time and money and the
addition to the conveniences of the Department
for the people brought about by neutralizing
distances and robbing those two great robbers,
time and space, of all their terrors.
If a postal telegraph system is a good thing—
and it has everywhere proved to be beyond a
doubt in the small continental countries of
Europe, where with their railroad systems a
few hours will convey a letter by mail from one
border of the country to the other—how much
more beneficial would such a system prove in
a country so vast as ours, where even if the
country were cut all to pieces with the best rail-
roads in the world the locomotive could hardly
fo from one extreme to the other in a week?
low much more necessary to us than to them
is such a system?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I know how difficult it
is for me to reach the ear of the country in
what I may have to say that is adverse to the
interestof the Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany. Should there be any one here to speak
in behalf of that monopoly you will find that
every word will instantly be transmitted to the
country on the wings of lightning, as was the
lengthy report of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on tliePostOffieeand Post Roads last spring.
I now demand that the agent of the Associated
Press, who is allowed a seat with the reporters
on the floor of this House, shall say in his dis-
patch to-day that I claim to have shown that
the United States is the only enlightened nation
on the globe that has not taken charge of the
telegraph system, and nearly all have made it
an appendage to the post office; that in the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
a dispatch of twenty words can be sent at a
uniform rate of one shilling to any part of the
kingdom, a distance of over seven hundred
miles; from one extreme of France to another,
about six hundred miles, for one franc, or
twenty cents; all over Belgium and Switzerland
for halt a franc, or ten cents ; Denmark for
twelve and a half cents; Prussia for from twelve
and a half to thirty-seven and a half cents ;
Sweden and Norway any distance for thirty
cents, and one cent for each additional word;
that a message may be sent to-day of twenty
words from Marseilles, in the south of France,
to the north of Scotland, a distance of fourteen
aundred miles, traversing two kingdoms and
crossing the Straits of Dover, by submarine
cable for fifty-five cents. Yet in face of the§e
facts the chairman of the Cqmmitteeon thePogt
Office and Post Iioads has told this House and
the country in a solemn report that telegraphing
in this countryis the cheapest and most reliable
in the world; yet he could not have failed to
"know that if he desired to_ send a dispatch of
twenty words to his home in Illinois and was
not favored with a dead- head pass he would have
to pay three dollars; for a similar message to the
home of the Missouri member of that committee
four dollars would be charged; the Michigan
member $2 80, the New Jersey member $1 25,
the Massachusetts member $1 26, the Indiana
member $2 50, the Kentucky member $2 50,
the Nevada member $9 28, and the Oregon
member $15 50, or $5 70 more than it would
cost to send a message of ten words from Wash-
ington to Constantinople by Atlantic cable and
continental lines. Say further, that the pur-
pose of my bill is to bring the telegraph within
the reach of the humblest as well as the highest
by connecting it with the postal system and
establishing a uniform rate of twenty cents for
twenty words. Say also that the further pur-
pose of my bill is to give press dispatches to
the entire press of the country at a less rate
than now furnished to the &vored few who
compose the close corporation known as the
Associated Press.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin a question. I have listened
with great attention to his remarks, but on one
point 1 did not quite catch his idea. Does the
gentleman mean that we should establish this
system as extensively as we now have the sys-
tem of mails ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes.
Mr. PETIiliS. Because the Western Union
Telegraph Company haye to keep up in the
Stale of Maine some thirty or forty places at a
loss to themselves. There will be no remun-
eration to the Government at such places. I
should like to hear the gentlenin n on that point.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 have
aared a bill on the subject which I will in-
ice at an early day. It will provide for
the establishment of telegraph offices at every
post office in the United States where the gross
receipts amount to a given sum. The propo-
sition is to very widely extend the present sys-
tem ; and from the examination I have made
of the question I believe that this country, in
consequence of the long distances, is much
more favorable than Belgium or Switzerland
or any other small country to the successful
adoption of this system.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
whether in his bill he proposes that the Gov-
ernment shall purchase all telegraph lines?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir;
I do. I propose that the Government shall
purchase them in accordance with the terms
of an act of Congress passed in 1866.
Mr. FARNSWORTk That law is as fol-
lows j
Provided, however. That the TJnited States may at
any time after the e#pirat«B of five years from the
date of the passage of this act. for postal, military,
and other purposes, purchase all the telegraph lines,
property, and eflects of any or all of &aid companies
at an fl,i>nra,isa<-} volno #n ; .1 ^ . 
States, two by the company Interested* and cme t>y
the tour so previously selected.,y
^ Mr* WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Precisely
m that way, sir.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. At their appraised
value?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand, then,
that the gentleman would establish telegraph
offices wherever there are post offices ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Not
wherever there may be a post office, but at all
post offices whose gross receipts amount to a
certain sum. I have not fixed in my tniud what
that sum shall be. The question of whether
it will pay at any particular office I do not
consider any more than we do now whether
any particular post office pays or not; I mean
that the system shall pay in the aggregate. I
ask the gentleman's attention to. the important
exhibits and facts which I have collected and
shall append to ray speech.
APPENDIX.
cohstri'ate General of Switzerland,
WasbingtOX, D. 0., December 20, 1869.
$18 : In response to your Honor's inquiry relative
to the latest statistics of telegraphy in Switzerland,
and whether the views expressed in the "statement
of the WesternUnion Telegraph Company" relative
thereto aw substantiated by facts, the undersigned
would respond as follows:
The latest statistics of telegraphy in Switzerland
would seem to place at fault most of the inferences
made in said statementrelative to telegraphy in that
country. The statistics given in the aforesaid state-
ment nowhere reach® later date than the close ofthe
year 1867: whereas the reduced rates of telegraphing
only went into operation with the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1868. and it is during the said year and 1809 up
to September (statistics of said period I herewith
append) that telegraphing under the reduced rate of
fifty centimes for telegrams of twenty words through-
out Switzerland increased upward of eighty-five per
cent.
It will be seen from the annexed tables that the
number of offices in Switzerland, September, 1869,
wore 442, or one to every 6.667 of its inhabitants, and
the number of internal telegrams for 1868 under the
reduced rates were, December excluded, nearly
1,500,000, each message averaging in cost forty-five
centimes, and apportioned to each 1,000 inhabitants
600 internal messages. For the first nino months of
1809 the totalnumoerofinternalmessageswas 1,452,-
439, or about the same cost as in 1868, and apportions
to each 1,000 inhabitants 730 messages. It will be
observed, furthermore, that the allusions, on page
108 of tho statement of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, that probably one half of tho messages
transmitted in Switzerland were international or
transit is erroneous, as not even one fifth of the total
messages transmitted belong to that class. The col-
umn of money orders shows an increase in one year of
upwardofone hundred and forty-five per ecnt. Again,
on page 107 of said statement, it is an error in saying
"the railways of the country (Switzerland) all belong
to the State." The Government of Switzerland is in
no wanner interested in the railroads of the country;
they aro stnotiy the property of railroad corpora-
tions, as in the oase of the United States. And that
the course of railways is not followed in general, it
might be proper to state here that of the 4,944 miles
length of wire in Switzerland only 1,615 follow the
line of railway.
furthermore, it might be proper to compare the
minimum rates of telegrams in Switzerland where
the longest lino is 235 miles (Geneva to Lugano) with,
say, the lines from 3STew York or Boston for the same
distance, and not simply give a statement, as on page
66 of the aforesaid publication, which is evidently
mado from the tables anterior to the international
telegraph convention held abroad during the past
year, which effected a material reduction inthe rates
of telegrams, This convention effected a more per-
feet unification of .European telegraphy, and main-
tains an organization for this special purpose, Swit-
zerland having been complimented with the chair-
manship thereofand having the general office per-
manently located at its capital, Berne.
In regard to the remarks made on page 44 of
the statement relative to the difference between tel-
egraphic and postal communications, &cM it might
be said that the former, as it exists at present, will
eertamiyadmitofimproyement; one feature of which
is being solved in Switserltiod by the useof M, Hipp's
autographs telegrams, which enable messages to be
transmitted m the original hond writing of the sender
and obviates the necessity of any employ^ of either
telegraphic bureau needing anything more than the
address, >vhieh at the receiving office is written on
the envelope wherein the autographic message has
been placed and thus sent unread" to the party for
whom it is intended. Tho undersigned jn^rely men-
tions this fact to show that even telegraphic com-
munication is being simplified in a manner calculated
before many years to require but little more skilled
BeSlce than 1$ required in our modern post offices.
ihe postmaster general of Switzerland exercises
supervision over its telegraphic administration. The
lauer is presided over by oao director-in-chief and
hve circuit inspectors. The principal bureaus arc
invariably located jn the game buildings used for post
office purposes, txnd which, similarly to the practice
i? t? i m$e.£ States, are owned and controlled by
the federal Government.
The rates of internal telegraphing in Switzerland
are more iavorable than would be inferred from the
statement of the Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany, J.hey are as follows: for the first twenty
words, about ten cents in gold or fifty centimes;
every additional ten words, twenty-five centimes:
regular subscribers, (the press, banks, &eM) twenty
per cent, discount. There is no country, perhaps,
where telegraph lines are more subj ect of being inter-
!Fe%Witil by. tho elements than in Switzerland, and
thereiore maintaining the lines is more expensive
than elsewhere; nevertheless, regardless of this faefc
and the cheapness of telegrams, this system proved
itself to be a source of revenue to the Government,
