1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
without taking in account the expense of money-
order books and other blanks required in the transac-
tion of the business,or the compensation of additional
clerks tor the Pension Office. As the amount of the
commissionspaid to pension agents,fifty-nineinnum-
ber, does not exceed $200,000 per annum, it appears
h'orn the foregoing statement that there would be no
decrease of expense to the Government from trans-
mitting the amount of each pension through the
money-erder system, instead of employing pension
agents to procure the vouchers and make the dis-
bursements, while the cost to the pensioner of the
preparation of vouchers and the administration of
oaths would remain the same.
The Commissioner of Pensions is persuaded that
such an arrangement would increase instead of
diminishing the delay in payment, on account of
the greater difficulty which he would experience in
obtaining correct vouchers than the pension agents,
if it bo proposed that postmasters at money-order
offices should assume and perform the duties which
now devolve on pension agents I beg to suggest that
there are grave o bj ections to carrying into effect such
a proposition. Money-order offices being compara-
tively few, tho postmasters would not in the maj ority
of cases, any more than pension agents, have any
personal knowledge whatever of the pensioner whose
residence may be i emote from the post office; yet the
former would bo required to assume the responsibil-
ity of obtaining from him vouchers as to identity,
&c., that would be accepted by the Third Auditor,
and thereupon to pay the amount of his pension. If
the voucher should bo defective or fraudulent, and
the postmaster's payment thereon an error, he would
naturally be held accountable for the loss incurred;
otherwise there would be no responsibility for the
improper payment of pensions, which is manifestly
requisite to prevent abuses and frauds. Bat tho
postmaster would receive little or no consideration
lor such risk and accountability. He would merely
be allowed tho usual commissions for the payment
of money-orders,namely, one fourth of one percent,
on the gross amountof sueli payments. Tho pension
agent, however, receives commissions on his disburse-
ments to an amount not exceeding$4,0u0 per annum,
and is therefore compensated lor theri^k he takes
of an occasional improper payment; while to many
postmasters the loss resulting therolrom would be a
serious hardship.
The payment of pensions more frequently than
twice a year, if it should be deemed expedient, could,
in iny judgment, be made with greater facility, sim-
plicity, and certainty by means of checks drawn on
ati Assistant Treasurer in favor of the pensioner, and
sent directly to him by tho Commissioner or some
designated ofiiccr ol his bureau, than by the money-
order system. "Why could not such a cheek be sent
each pensioner, instead of delivering to the postmas-
ter at "Washington similar checks or Treasury war-
rants for a gross sum, which must be divided up into
rfmall amounts, for eaehof whieha money-order must
be sent to thepensioner, and the process gone through
ot supplying each postmaster with drafts on the post-
master at New \ork, to whom the postmaster at
Washington dispatches the warrantor check paid by
the Commissioner for the orders? furthermore, if
chocks on Assistant Treasurers be used the only_ ex-
pense incurred is tho cost of tho blank cheek. If the
monoy-ordor system bo employed the cost of fees and
other expenses, as abovostatcJ, would bo quite equal
to the amount of commissions now paid annually to
pension agents. In conclusion, I beg leave to state
1 agree in the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior
and the Oonimissioiicrot Pensions that the payment
of pensions through the money-order system of the
Post Office Department would not iuvolve less ex-
pense nor afford greater security against delay or
lraud than the present system with ti.o modiiication
which they recommend.
I am, respecttully, your obedient servant,
JOHN A. J.CltJiSWfiLL,
J^ostmatter General.
Hon. James G. Blajxe,
Speaker of the jUouns of Representatives.
DrpAIilMEXT OF THE IXTERIOH,
Washington, D. C., December 2U, 1809.
Sin: I have tho honor to transmit herewith acopy
of the report of tho Commissioner of Pensions on the
subject of the feasibility of a change in the mode of
paying pensions.
The Commissioner's view of the pubject I believe
to bo substantially sound, and will only call your
attention to one point in addition thereto. If pay-
ments of pensions weio made at Washington, and
thronghtho postal money-order system, there would
be about two hundred thousand payments to be made
demi-annuaily. Under the presentsystem these pay-
ments are actually made in tho space of about a
m onth at the beginning of each half year. To secure
equal speed in the performance of the work it would
bo necessary that after the receipt and examination
ol'these vouchers in the Pension Office, which would
probably take halt or more of the time, the whole
number ol payments be actually made in about the
^pace of two weeks. Nearly twenty thousand money-
order^ per day would have to be drawn and forwarded.
 'or each of fhose requisition would have to be made
on the Post Office Department by the Pension Office,
riuch requisitions would have to bo transmitted and
returned, and the money-order when received tor-
warded 10 the pensioner. In other words, ail the
work now done by all \ he penr-ion agencies of the coun-
try would have r<> ho roneontrated in tho Pension
Office here within the time stated. In addition to
this the work devolved n:>onyourDepurtmentwould
he to issue these twenty thousand orders per day,
notify the postmaster.- upon whom they uvq drawn.
and make in regard to them an amount of corre-
spondence at least equal to that performed by the
Pension Office. Besides this the funds, amounting to
from fifteen to sixteen million dollars in each semi-
annual payment, would have to be provided in ad-
vance at the numerous post offices in the country.
It will be evident at a glance that the performance
of this work would require an enormous increase in
the business organization of both the Pension Office
and the Post Office during that brief period -semi-
annually. I think it would be safe to say that the
force of the Pension Office would have to be doubled
tor that time, and you can best judge of the increase
that would bo required in the money-order office to
meet the demand. I fear, therefore, that it would
bo found impracticable to make this sudden tempo-
rary inereaso of a force which must either be dis-
charged again at the end of a month or involve an
expense to the Government greatly beyond the whole
present cost of the pension service.
My own opinion is that the authority which the
Commissioner of Pensions has sought for issuing
checks from the pension agencies directly upon the
Assistant Treasurers of the United States, made pay-
able to the order of the pensioner and forwarded
directly to him, will provea safeguard against frauds
in the payment and transmission of the pension equal
to any that could be attained through the money-
order system; and I am unable to see how the money-
order system could be used so as to increase the
rapidity of the work of payment or diminish its ex-
pense. If, however, upon a careful examination of
tho subject you shall be of the opinion that an im-
provement can be made in that way I assure you of
my most hearty cooperation in carrying it success-
fully into effect.
V cry respectfully, your obedient servant,
j. I). COX, Secretary.
Hon. J. A. J. Creswell, Postmaster General.
Pension Office, December 18,1869.
Sut: In response to the resolution passed by the
House of .Representatives on theTth instant, and the
letter of the Postmaster General transmitting the
same, referred by you to mo, I would beg to submit
the following statement:
There are at present in round numbers something
over two hundred thousand names on the pension-
rolls of tho United States. The average amount paid
to each holder of a certificate of pension semi-an-
nually is about sixty dollars.
Tho resolution submits throo points: "Expense,
delay, and frauds in making payments."
Expense.
The legal expense to the pensioner for collecting
each semi-annual payment is tinder the presentsys-
tem from forty-six to seventy-six cents, namely:
Cents.
for preparing vouchers   25
Administering oath to identifying witness 30
Administering oath to attorney 15
Postage    6
Total       76
When no identifying witnesses are required the
fees for that oath would be deducted from the above
amount.
Now, should the payment be made by postal orders
the expense for the preparation of vouchers would
be the same as under the present system, and the
expense to tho pensioner would bo increased by tho
amount charged for tho postal order, twenty-five
ccnts each, an aggregate amount of $100,000 annually
deducted from the pittance paid by the Government
to those who have been maimed, or to tho widows
and orphans of those who have perished in fighting
the battles of the country.
Delay.
The delay in making payments at the pension
agencies are occasioned by the imperfect and faulty
vouchers prepared by attorneys who are ignorant of
the requirements of tho law, and executed by the
pensioners, upon which payments arc expected to be
made. When presented for payment they are quite
frequently found so imperfect that they would not
pass tho auditing office, and the agent is compelled
to return them through the mails for correction,
sometimes having to be returned again aud again
for tho same purpose, occasioning great delay and
vexation. The fault is hero with the pensioner and
his attorney, and not with tho pension agent. Were
tho postal-order system adopted would it remedy
this evil? I aui persuaded it would very greatly
increase tho delay, because it would abolish the
fifty-nine agencies now located at central and con-
venient points throughout the different sections of
the United States and centralize all of this immense
business hero in Washington.
Necessarily the two hundred thousand vouchers
would have to bo examined here, and the faulty
ones returned for correction before payments could
be made, requiring a largely augmented clerical
force for this service. Now this work is done in the
fifty-nine agencies, at convenient points, invoking1
tho earnest and intelligent effort? of tho pension
agents, whose reputation and good names aro in-
volved in the manner in which the duties aro dis-
charged.
A cursory examination of the aet« of May 17,1804,
and July 27,1868, induces the conviction that there
are in the organization of tho money-order system
many obstacles to the speedy payment of pensions
through it,+be fvvnliiirity of th* Postmaster
General with which will enable him to estimate
readily.
Frauds.
This office is not aware that any frauds have ever
been perpetrated in the payment of pensions. Tho
pension agents have, as a general thing, guarded the
interests of the pensioners with jealous care, and
discharged ail their duties faithfully and well.
The frauds are of two kinds: the first is where
the admission of a pension claim is procured through
•forgery and perjury. Many such cases have been
admitted and paid; and many now are pending.
This is a fraud upon the Government.
The second is where the claim is properly admitted
but the claim agent appropriates to himself ono
fourth, one third, or even ono half of the amount duo
on the pension certificate. This is a fraud upon the
pensioner.
Many cases of this kind have been brought to the
attention of this office in the past six months. ^ There
are likewise many cases where pension certificates
have been granted upon which payments have been
regularly made,not onecent of which has ever reached
the hands of the pensioner. Suspension of payments
have been made in all such cases known to this office.
I am convinced, from the proofs that have been
accumulating for the pastsix months, that the aver-
age amount paid by the pensioners for the collection
of the semi-annual payments to the claim agents and
attorneys is at least $3 50, aggregating the amount
of 1700,000 at each semi-annual payment. It has
engaged the earnest efforts of this office for the past
six months to emancipate the pensioner from the
extortion of tho claim agents and attorneys.
To accomplish this great desideratum the pension
agents were instructed last September to make pay-
ments in checks on the proper Assistant Treasurers
payable to the order of thepensioner. I am satis-
fied that this action has resulted beneficially to the
pensioners. Thousands and thousands have Written
the agents thanking them for placing their dues so
cheaply in their hands.
The proposition now pending before Congress,
making ic the duty of the pension agents to prepare
the vouchers for tho pensioners, and to make all
payments in chocks payableto the order of the pen-
sioner, if passed, will destroy every opportunity for
the perpetration of these frauds and extortions by
doinglfway with these middle men and bringingthe
pensioner in direct communication with the bonded
officers of the Govcromentinthematterof thesemi-
annual payments of their pensions, and will accom-
plish all the beneficial results sought to be attained
by this resolution.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II.VAN AERNAM,
Commissioner,
Hon. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, these re-
ports, will, I presume, dispose of the money-
order plan. If attempted the result will be an
expense to the Government three times as
large as this bill incurs, inevitable delay, and
much trouble and expense to the pensioner.
But little different and open to very much
greater objections are the plans of the gentle-
man from Ohio and the gentleman from Illi-
nois. The latter would use the post offices
exclusively, while the former takes iu the post
offices, the revenue offices, and the sixteen
hundred national banks, thus bringing the
Treasury, the Post Office, and the Interior
Departments into hotchpot, and subordinating
the officers of the two former to the direction
and control of the latter. Accounts must ho
opened with each of these seventeen hundred
and twenty-eight persons. They are to prepare
the vouchers and take the affidavit of the pen-
sioner and the witnesses to his identity. As
the postmaster is not an officer authorized to
administer oaths we must give him that author-
ity and provide him with a seal that shall attest
his signature. As but one in a county is to be
appointed, and the gentleman thinks at least
one can bo found who is qualified, if he hap-
pens to be, as some will be, twenty, thirty, or
even sixty miles remote from some unfortunate
invalid who is unable to leave his bed the post-
master must close the post office and be absent
one, two, or three days to get the proper voucher
executed, and as many more in delivering the
draft for his money. The gentleman says the
average number of pensioners in each counts-
is one hundred and forty. To the dwellings
ef many of these the postmaster must neces-
sarily go for their affidavits. If payments aie
to be made as often as the gentleman proposes
the whole time would be insufficient, and in
the mean time the post office must be left to
care for itself. While on these errands to ir-
mote parts of his county the still larger nurnboi
who will congregate at "tho corners" to exe-
cute their vouchers or receive their check?
