1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3
H "l
prudence to wait until we have reason to
believe that we shall make war for that pur-
re, and when wo are assured of that it will
time enough, in my judgment, to enlarge
our Navy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to name the ships which he sajs have
been sold for a song. The gentleman is "in-
side" on all these matters, and if he has any
light on the subject, I hope he will let it shine
upon the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am no more " inside"
than the gentleman, and he as well as every
other gentleman present cannot be oblivion*
of the tact I have stated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Name them.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The names
of our vessels have been changed so often re-
cently that it will be difficult to tell the right
name.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 know how hard it is to
pronounce the names of some of them, and
some of ihera I never have been able to master.
[ Laughter. 1
Mr. LAW RENCE. I do not say that they
were sold for less than they were worth—they
may have been of but little value; but what I
mean is that they were sold for a song com-
pared with what they cost the Government.
The fact is that they have been sold, and why
should we build new ones when we had no use
for the ones already on hand ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin. The
Government sold two iron-clads, the Onoonta
and the Catawba, for less than one half what
they cost the Government. They went finally
to the Government of Pern.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am glad the gentleman
has named one of the vessels, the Catawba, for
that I believe is one of the names we «•*" pro-
nounce.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
would say this : that we passed through this
great rebellion, and got through it safely ; and
1 am unable to see why now, in a time of pro-
found peace, when there is no prospect of any
war, we should go on with these expenditures
for the Navy.
The appropriations for the Navy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, were $17,-
356,000; for the fiscal year ending June 30,
IS 10, they were $15,832,246. It is proposed to
add to that $3,000,000, making $18,822,246.
The whole amount expended by the Navy
Department for all purposes in 1860 was only
$11,514,640; and m the next year, 1861, it
was less than $12,500,000. And yet here we
are proposing to swell the appropriation for
the current fiscal year to nearly nineteen mil-
lion dollars. It is time, in my judgment, to
come back to the peace establishment. The
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
[Mr. Scofield] tells us that we ought to take
the advice of those to whom this business is
intrusted. I ask him would he then vote to
increase the Navy fifty per cent., as the Sec-
retary of the Navy recommends?
The people demand and have a right to ex-
pect retrenchment and economy at our hands.
There must be a reduction of national expend-
itures. No reason exists for maintaining in
peace a Navy almost as large as that we had in
war. The great items of national expenditure
lu-e in the Army and Navy, and here mast be
the great red actio n. Let the supernumerary
officers be mustered out, and thorough re-
trenchment be carried into practical effect.
Gentlemen may tell us we need a navy to
protect our commerce; but our commerce now
is less than in 1860, though our Navy is twice
as large. Onr policy should be to increase our
commerce and our merchant ships on every
8®a- Weshould furnish our navy-yards with
the material* for the construction of war ships,
which reouire time to supply or render avail-
able, and then when war is threatened the
nation can speedily command the mechanical
skill to cover the ocean with fleets of war of -
the highest perfection. If we build them now
they will rot at our wharves, multiply expenses,
and when war really comes we will have neither
valuable ships nor available materials to make
them. For one, I give my voice and my vote
against this bill, in the interest of economy and
of the whole people.
[Here the nammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I think that this subject is
now fully understood by the House, and that
there is no occasion for further discussion.
The bill itself comes so plainly to the purpose
and is so easily understood that it would be a
waste of time further to discuss it. It seems
to me—I may be wrong—that the amendments
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin,] and their effect upon the bill and
the policy of the Navy Department, must be
understood by the House. I will therefore
consume no further time, but ask a vote upon
the amendments and the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an in-
Juiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
Mr. Dawes. J I understood him todifferfrom
the majority of the Committee on Appropri-
ations in regard to the amount that ought to be
disposed of in the manner provided for in this
bill. Has the gentleman indicated to the
House the sum which he thinks himself ought
to be appropriated l And has he introduced
any amendment or proposition covering his
idea upon that subject?
Mr. DAWES. I have not indicated any
particular sum. I do not know that it would
be exactly proper for roe to do so, when I
undertook on behalf of the committee to
introduce this bill. Were I to do so I might
give occasion for the charge which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Moroax] has hurled at
me, of inconsistency; and in stating that I
thought a smaller sum would have been suffi-
cient, I did not desire to obtrude my opinion
upon the House, and the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] has superseded me by
the amendment which he has offered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Doesthegentleman from
Massachusetts support the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. DAW ES. Not if I could have had my
wish in the committee. The amount the gen-
tleman names is below what 1 would have fixed.
Air. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman, as
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and as a gentleman in whose judgment we have
confidence, would mention to us what is the
sum which he thinks necessary.
Mr. DAWES. The matter is now under the
operation of the previous question and there
can be no further amendment. We must vote
for the amendments of the gentleman from
Missouri or for the bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether in making those recommendations to
the House they were influenced by the fact
the Construction Bureaus of the Navy Depart-
ment required this appropriation in order to
put the Navy in suitable condition, or by the
fact that the want of this appropriation wonld
throw out of employment at this season of the
year five thousand men ?
Mr. DAWES. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
they were influenced by both considerations.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts
ss to the number of men employed; whether
it is the view of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that more men have been employed in
those bureaus than were necessary?
_ Mr. DAWES. The committee were of opin-
ion that it would have been better to have ex-
tended over the whole year the work which
has been performed up to this date.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I8 it the opinion of
the Committee on Appropriations that the De-
partment should continue the employment of
men who were unnecessarily engaged, because
it happens to be winter?
Mr. DAWES. The committee thought it >
was not wise instantly to reduce this Core*
They thought it would be better to curtail it ] '
degrees, and to bring within the scop,. of t|,.^
policy which has been indicated here hv if,,
committee heretofore the transactions anil t|"'
force of those bureaus. They ih,l nut desir,. |'|
throw instantly ont of employment in (nj,.''
winter six thousand tnen it* tliey could hei
it; but they were not. willing t„ appro.,,
$4,000,000 to continue the employment of
number of men through the year. 1 viej'|
for a moment to the gentleman from J d!,i.J
[Mr. NtBi.ack.] "ml
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, as u mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations and
as one of the representative* of the minority
upon that committee, I have endeavored to
pursue a liberal course in regard to all the
Departments of the Government. 1 t]0 ,lot
think it becomes me, on account of the peculiar
relations I occupy toward the Administration
to be factious upon this mutter of appropri-
ations. 1 think it only iny duty to vote to cut
down appropriations when 1 think the public
service will not be injured by curtailment, or
when I think the amount recommended is in
excess of the real needs of tho Government.
( In regard to this particular bill I feel jugtj.
| fied in sayiug that 1 voted in tho committee for
I what I considered a liberal amount of money
for the purposes indicated by the bill; in other
words, I am somewhat responsible for the bill
being reported in its present shape. I have not
seen the bill since it was prepared, but I am
responsible for some, at least, of the items
reported in it. In view, however, of the course
which many gentlemen here representing the
majority seem about to take, and in view of
some of the statements which the chairman
of the committee has felt called upon to make
to the House, I feel released from any com-
mittal in regard to the particular amount to
be appropriated, and I shall feel at liberty to
vote to cut down the appropriations to a lower
amount if it is insisted on by any member of
the committee or by any gentleman represent-
ing the majority in this House. That is all I
have to say.
Mr. LOGAN. I have heard but one mem-
ber of the committee speak in favor of the bill.
Mr. COX. It seems that I was right in my
figures. My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has not given his full con-
currence to this measure. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrknoe,1 the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Bbck,] the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] and the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] have not
given their full concurronce to it, and that
makes five of the committee.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Niblack did givo his
full concurrence.
Mr. COX. I do not understand that he has
fully consented. But I withdraw all I said in
relation to the half member, my allusion to
whom had no reference to size of body, i
want the Committee on Appropriations when
they come in here and ask for so much money
to have some sort of unity, and yet members
on this side of the House are anxious to vote
for this measure from motives of humanity, if
from no other motives.
Mr. DAWES. I refer my friend from New
York to his friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
for an explanation.
.Mr. DICKEY. I just want permission to
withdraw all I said about' 'remnants.'' [ Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAWES. I now ask for the vote.
Mr. JUDD. I desiro to ask the gentleman
one question. I have heard a great deal about
retrenchment and reform for the last two
weeks, and I desire the chairman of the Com
mittee on Appropriations to tell me when tlmt
business is to begin. [Laughter, and cries ot
"Now!" "Nowl"] And I would ask in addi-
tion whether you can begin that business with-
out discharging somebody from employment or
treading upon somebody's corns. [Laughter.]
