3854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 126,
egate in the Congross of the United States shall he
voted for whether such officer of election be ap-
pointed or created by or under any law or authority
oi the United States, or by or under any State, ter-
ritorial, district, or municipal law or authority, who
shall neglect or refuse to perforin any duty in regard
to such election required of him by any law of the
United States, or of any State or Territory thereof,
or violate any duty so imposed, or knowingly do any
act thereby unauthorized, with intent to affect any
such election or the result thereof; or fraudulently
make any false certificate of the result of such elec-
tion in regard to such Representative or Delegate;
or withhold, conceal, or destroy any certificate or rec-
ord so required by law respecting, concerning, or per-
taining to the election of any such Representative or
Delegate; or neglect or refuse to make and return
the same as so required by law; or aid, counsel, pro-
cure, or advise any voter, person, or officer to do any
act by this or any of the preceding sections made a
crime; or to omit to do any duty the omission of
which isbythisor any of said sections made acrime,
or attempt to do so. shall be deemed guiHy of a crime,
and shall bo liable to prosecution and punishment
therefor, ak provided in thy nineteenth section of
this act for persons guilty of any of the orimos therein
specified.
Strike out all of the twenty-first section, and in
lieu thereof insert the following, to come in. as sec-
tion twenty-three:
Andbe it further enacted, That whenever any person
shall be defeated or deprived of his election to any
office, except elector of President or Vice President,
Representative or Delegate in Congress, or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of the denial to any
citizen or citizons who shall offer to vote of the right
to vote on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, his right to hold and enjoy such
office and tho emoluments thereof shall not be im-
paired by such denial; and such person may bring
any appropriate suit or proceeding to recover pos-
session of such oflice; and in cases where it shall
appear that the sole question touching tho title to
such office arises out of the denial of the right to
vote to citizons who so offered to voto, on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude, such
suit or proceeding may bo instituted in the circuit or
district court of the United States of tho circuit or
district in which such porson residos; and said cir-
cuit or district court shall have, concurrently with
tho State courts, jurisdiction thereof so far as to
determine tho rights of the parties to such office by
reason of tho denial of the right guarantied by tho
iifteenth articlo of amendments to tho Constitution
of the United States and secured by this act.
And that the Senate agree to the same.
That tho Uouse agree to the Senate amendment
to the title of the bill.
JO UN A. BINGHAM,
NOAII DAVIS.
Managers on the part of the House.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
GEO. ¥. EDiMUNDS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM rose.
Mr. COX. Mr, Speaker, I rise to a point
of order. I do not wish to discuss a single
proposition contained in the report of the com-
mittee of conference, but will simply state the
point of order. I submit that the conference
committee has transcended its powers as the
organ of this House in undertaking to attach
new matter to this bill, covering points on which
the Senate and the House have not disagreed.
The rule as to a conference committee is as
follows:
"It is on tho occasion of amendments between the
Houses that conferences arousually asked; but they
may bo asked in all eases of difference of opinion bo-
tween tho two Houses on matters depending between
them."
It is provided, also, that it is in the case of
"an amendment of a bill agreed to in one
House and dissented to in the other," that
a conference committee shall be appointed,
and in no other case. The conference com-
mittee, in other words, has the power to recon-
cile the difference between the two Houses, but
has no right to make laws, as if it were a Con-
gress ; it has no right to sit in the Rotunda
between the two Houses and make new legis-
lation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that a point of order?
Mr. COX. Now, the point of order is this :
that the sections which have been added to
this bill, the twenty-first and the twenty-sec-
ond in part, are new matter. I leave it as a
point of honor to the honored representative
of this House on that committee of confer-
ence, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] whether the matter contained in those
sections is not new legislation, never contem-
plated in the differences between the two
Houses on this bill If the gentleman from
Ohio will say that these matters have been
considered before in either House I will yield
my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order must
be submitted to the Chair, and not to the gen-
tleman from Ohio. It is not necessary that
the matter reported by the committee of con-
ference should have been considered in either
branch if it be germane and in the nature of
an amendment which may reconcile the differ-
ence between the two branches. It is just as
much in order for a conference committee to
report such matter as for a member to move it
on the floor of either House. It is only when
they introduce absolutely new matter—which
would not be germane to the matter under con-
sideration, and could not be entertained in
either branch in the form of an amendment—
that the point of order raised by the gentleman
from New York could be entertained. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. COX. I do not take an appeal, having
every respect for the Chair; but I raise an-
otherpointoforder. The twenty-third section
is entirely new legislation, relating to new
proceedings and other matters connected with
the courts, which was not contemplated by
either House in the consideration of the bill,
and which is not germane to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mis-
taken about that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
been compelled to rule, if the section had been
moved on the floor of the House, and if the
point, of order had been raised, that it was
germane to the bill. Whether it was contem-
plated by the House or not no point of order,
because when there is a difference between the
two branches the committee of conference is
appointed, that they may suggest something
which may reconcile the difference.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I very respectfully
take an appeal from your decision on that
point.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I ask if it is in any sense a
question of order, under the rules of the House,
for the Speaker to decide whether, if the report
of the committee of conference itself be in
order, the recommendations it contains are in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is; and if the gentle-
man from Tennessee raised the point of order
which he indicates the Chair would overrule
it. It is quite within the province of the Chair
to rule whether a conference committee have
or have not transcended the powers of a con-
ference committee. In this ease the Chair
decides that they have not.
Mr. BENTON. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rose at the time t,o
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair
on the first point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin appeals from the decision of the Chair
on the first point of order submitted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. BENTON. I move to lay that appeal
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I take that appeal with-
out any disrespect to the Chair, but because I
think that this mode of legislation is the most
vicious that could be adopted. I object to a
committee of conference assuming to legislate;
and I take the appeal as a matter of record
merely.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never conceives
it necessary that a gentleman should state that
he means no disrespect to the Chair. It is
entirely within the parliamentary right of any
gentleman to take an appeal when he dissents
from a decision of the Chair. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] appeals from
the decision of the Chair, and the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Benton] moves to
lay that appeal on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was take n ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 41, not
voting 54 ; as follows:
yeas—Messrs.Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arehcr, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks.
Barry, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Biair, Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bufiinton,
Burehard, Bnrdett, Benjamin I?. Butler, Roderick It.
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Covode, Cowles.Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dege-
ner, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Oyer,
Ela.Earnsworth.Ferriss. Ferry, Einkelnburg. Fitch,
Garfield, Hale. Hamilton, ILiwley, Hay, Ilays.Hefiin,
Hill. Hoar. Hooper. Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kclley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp. Laflin, Lash,
Lawrence. Logan, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, Mcliee, JIcKenzie,M ercur, Eliakim II. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Fowsham, O'Neill. Orth, Packard. Packer,
Paine.Peek, Perce, Peters,Phelps,Poland, Pomeroy,
Sogers, Koo;s Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Xwichell,Tyner, Upson, Van Wyok,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T-
Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—134.
NAYS—Messrs. Bam um, Beck, Bird. JamesBrooks,
Calkin, Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crebs. Dickinson,
Box, Eldridge, Pox, Getz, Griswold, Ilaight, iialde-
man,Hamill, Holman, Johnson, Kerr. Knott, Lewis,
Mayham, McNeely, Morgan, Morrissey, Nihla.ok,
Potter. Hand all, Keoves, Puice, Ridgway.Schuinaker,
Sherrod, Stiles, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble. Van
Auken, and Woodw.inl—il.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell. Bearaan,
Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs, Boles, Buck, Burr, Cake,
Fisher, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hambleton, Harris, Haw-
kins, lleaton, Hoge. Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Loughridge, Mai-
shall, McCoriniek. McGrew, Milnes, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell. Mungen, Negley. Palmer, Piatt,
Porter, Prosser, Sanford, Seofield, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Strader, Strong, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Voorhees, "William B.Washburn, Wells,
Eugeno M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—54.
So the appeal was laid on the table, and the
decision of the Chair stood as the judgment of
the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I movo that-the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to move that when the House
adjourns on Saturday it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next, as Monday is the day designated
for the decoration of the graves of the soldiers
of the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. SCHENCK. If gentlemen call the yeas
and nays on my motion I shall withdraw it.
Mr. CESSNA. I shall have to object unless
gentlemen on the other side will agree that we
shall have a chance to suspend the rules on
Tuesday as on Monday; otherwise they may
delay action on this bill until Monday week.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot consent to any
arrangement of the sort. If gentlemen pro-
pose to delay business for a week, let them
do it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman chooses
to object to decorating the soldier's graves, let
him do it.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague will not
understand me to be filibustering. I withdraw
my motion.
The question was on Mr. Randall's motion
to adjourn.
Mr. COX. If my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] will yield to me, I desire to
make another point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw my mo-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. COX. T take an appeal from, the decis-
ion of the Chair on my point of order as to the
twentieth section, the proviso to which certainly
contains new matter. I am sure my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will acknowledge that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will not acknowledge
anything new. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. COX. Well, his standing mute is a sure
sign that he is convicted. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that my
friend from New York [Mr. Cox] hasappealed
from the decision of the Chair,
Mr. BINGHAM. Has there been any decis*
ion of the Chair oa the subject?
