1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2911
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of j
moving that the roles be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee
ot' the Whole on the special order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck] takes pre-
cedence of that of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Isgkrsoij~]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make an
inquiry concerning the order of disposing of
business on the Speaker's table. 1 here is a
misunderstanding in the minds of some gentle-
men with regard to the matters which take pre-
cedence in disposingof that business. I desire
the Chair to explain, for instance, whj the cen-
sus bill, which was on the Speaker's table, was
taken up the other day apparently out of its
order, when a motion had been adopted to go
to business on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
gentleman's inquiry. When a motion to go to
business on the Speaker's table prevails, the
first business in order is the disposal of exec-
utive communications; the next business is to
take up House bills which have been returned
from the Senate with amendments. The cen-
sus bill comes under the latter class. Tho next
business in order is Senate bills; and the last
is that class of bills the reading of which in an
engrossed form has been called for upon third
reading. The bill in which the gentleman from
Illinois is interested is among these, and is
therefore included in the last order of business
that is reached.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish the Chair to
state, if he can do so approximately, when that
bill will be reached?
The SPEAKER. That is outside of the
domain of parliamentary inquiry ; and in ref-
erence to that the gentleman from Illinois can
make a guess quite as well as the Chair.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The House understand-
ing the relation of the business upon the Speak-
er's table, I desire and hope the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio will be voted down and
we shall proceed to the consideration of the
justness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot hear what is
going on.
The SPEAKER. The disorder and noise
in the Hall are so great that unless they shall
cease the Chair will be compelled to ask those
who are upon the floor by the courtesy of the
House to withdraw.
Mr. COX. I hope that will not be enforced.
The admonition of the Chair is sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The calls from the floor
have been so frequent to restore order that
the Chair felt it to be his duty to admonish
those who are upon the floor by the courtesy
of the House, i t is a gross abuse of the privi-
lege accorded to them to be constantly engaged
in loud conversation in the rear of members'
seats.
Mr. WOOD. I hope tho Speaker will en-
force the rule. It is a great nuisance to have
outsiders coming here and occupying the seats
of members.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the members of the
House will themselves keep order, then we
shall have order.
naval rank.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
for leave to the Committee on Naval Affairs
to report a bill for reference.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Naral Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1882)
to regulate rank in the Navy of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. {
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDIR OF BU8INK88.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is there not a motion
pending to go to business upon the Speaker's
table?
TheSPEAKER. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I give notice that after
ray colleague's bill is introduced I shall call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I call for
the regular order of business. I give notice
that if the motion to £0 into Committee of the
Whole on the state ot the Union on the tariff
bill be voted down, I shall move to go into
committee on the Navy appropriation bul, with
a preceding motion' that nil general debate on
that bill shall be closed in two hours after its
consideration shnll be resumed. We can, I
think, finish the bill to-day.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the whole time will
not be exhausted in two speeches of an hour
each, but that tho two hours will be divided up
into fifteen-minute speeches.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is voted
down I desire to bring forward the bill for the
removal of political disabilities. A great many
men are pressing upon Congress that the busi-
ness of the reconstructed States is seriously
interfered with from the want of a general dis-
ability bill. I am anxious to get it out of the
wav.
5lr. SCHENCK. I wish, pending the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tariff bill, to move that the
committee take a recess from half past four till
half past seven. And as other gentlemen have
been permitted to speak to the order of business,
I wish to set myself right. By the reported pro-
ceedings this morning 1 observe I am announced
as being absent yesterday from illness. I do not
wish to appear to have gone away under a false
pretense. 1 was called upon early in the morn-
ing by some of ray own delegation, it being
known that the Ohio Legislature were in town
on a visit, who urged me to take a day's rest,
and although not being well, still intending to
come to the House and go on with the tariff bill
in order at the same time that I might enable the
Ohio delegation, as many as desired, to make
au excursion to Mount Vernon, I felt as if I
had earned a day's rest and yielded to their
solicitation. I was not very well, but not so
ill but I would have been here under other
circumstances. Being refreshed by that visit,
I am now prepared to go on to-day with the
tariff bill, especially as it was conditioned if
the Navy appropriation bill was not disposed
of yesterday it should give place to-day to the
tariff bill.
Mr. DAWES. What I stated yesterday was
precisely as the gentleman's note informed
me.
The question was put on Mr. Sciienck's
motion that the rules be suspended and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
ninety, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Before the result was announced,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair, before
announcing the result of the division, will put
the question on the other motion instructing
the Committee of the Whole to take a recess
from half past four till half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded of the division on the motion that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
tariff bill.
lbave Of abseno.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Axtell until Wednesday of
next week.
tariff bill.
The House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
\\ heeler in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. II. No. 10GS) to amend existing laws relat-
ing to the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk wiil report
the pending paragraph, us amended.
The Clerk read as follows :
On oast scrap iron of every desoription.loper ton ;
on wrought sorap iron of every description, $G per
ton: J'rovideH, lhat nothing shall be deemed scrap
iron except waste or refuse iron that has been in
actual use and is fit only to be remanufaotured.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] had moved to
amend the paragraph by inserting the word
"or'1 after the words "refuse iron," in tho
three hundred and twenty-third line. On this,
at the last sitting of the committee, a division
by rising had been taken, no quorum voting,
and tellers had been ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to withdraw the amendment and to re-
new it, so that I may have an opportunity of
again explaining the effect it will have, which
gentlemen may not readily understand without
an explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment can
only be withdrawn by unanimous consent. Is
there objection ?
There was no objection; and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the committee to understand the position of
this question. I now move to insert the word
"or" in the three hundred and twenty-third
line, after the word "iron," and the word
" which " after the word " that;" so that the
proviso, as amended, will read:
Provided, That nothing shall be deemed scrap iron
except waste or refuse iron, or that which has been
in actual use and is fit only to be remannfactured.
The amendment is precisely the same as
that which I formerly submitted. The proviso,
as it now stands, cuts off all importation into
this country of every possible Itind of iron
which is refuse iron, except old iron—that
which has been worn out by use. The pieces
of waste iron remaining from the manufacture
of boilers, of pieces thrown out in punching
rivet-holes, clippings, turnings, &c., are all
brought in now at a low rate of duty, being
regarded as raw material, and are reforged,
rerolled, or rehammered, as the case may be,
and being generally charcoal iron, come in
very conveniently for making steel tools. I
hold that this is as much a raw material as
any possible raw material can be; and as such
it is of very great importance—many are not
aware of how much importance. There is
more scrap iron imported into this country
than there is of pig iron, because it is wanted
for these purposes which I have indicated, the
charcoal iron being that which is wanted for
the purpose of making steel. Bessemer steel
is made of pig iron, but steel is made from
carbonated iron, and this charcoal iron, which
is the refuse of the rolling-mills, boiler-fac-
tories, &c., of Europe, should be allowed to
come in here as a raw material. If gentle-
men are anxions to have cheap tools for agri-
cultural, mechanical, or manufacturing pur-
poses they want to have this brought in as
a raw material. There was no difficulty about
this matter as long as there was sufficient char-
coal made in this country. But our forests are
becoming exhausted, our supply of charcoal
is becoming limited, and charcoal iron is but
little manufactured, and can only be manufac-
tured now at a very high price, because of the
scarcity of timber. That being so, it is now
necessary to have this raw material brought
here from abroad. I do not desire to argue
the question any further, but simply state it to
the committee. Every man who wants cheap
