1870.
'HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3855
Mr. COX. What became of the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck?]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdrew it when I found
that you on the other side of the House were
going to avail yourselves of it to filibuster.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] make the same point of
order he did before?
Mr. COX. I will renew the motion to ad-
journ over on account of decoration day.
Mr. BINGHAM. One thing at a time. Has
the gentleman taken an appeal?
Mr. COX. I have.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] indicates that he takes an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. Will
he indicate upon what point lie takes an ap-
peal? Is it the one which he submitted before
and upon which the Chair has ruled ?
Mr. COX. I make a second point, that the
proviso proposed to be added to the twentieth
section is new matter, and therefore out of
order in a conference report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. COX. With all respect to the Chair,
I appeal from liis decision.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I move that the
appeal be laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it shall be to meet on
Monday next, and on that motion I call 1'or
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Faenswohth
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were forty in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered. «
The question was then taken upon adjourn-
ing from to-day till Monday next; and it was
decided iu the negative—yeas 29, nays 1-10,
not voting 51 ; as follows :
\ FAS— Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bird, James
Brooks, Cilkin, Cleveland, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox,
Kldndge, Fox, Haldeina.n,]1 a mill. Johnson.-Morgan,
Monissey, Niblaclt, Kanda.Il, Reeves, Kice, Ridg-
way.Slierrod, Shober, Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Auken, Voorjiees, and Woodward—29.
NA\'S—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong," Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer. Bailey, Banks,
Barry, jieatty. Beck, Bun tori, Biggs, Bingham, Blair,
Booker, Bowert, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Bullinton, Burchard, Burdott, Benjamin J/. Butler,
llodenck R. Butter, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney
Clarko, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Conner,Covode. Cox, Culiom, Dawes,Dc.ge-
Tier, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, ilia,
J'r,rns'.vu! tb, Ferris*, Ferry, Finkelnbui'g, Fitch, Gar-
field, (}etz, llaight. Hale,Harris,ilawley. Hay, Hays,
llcfim, Hill, Hoar, Holinan, Hooper, llotchkiss, In-
gersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrcnce, Lewis, Logan,Lynch, Mar-
shall, Mayham, Mavnard, McCarthy. McCrary, Mc~
Grew, MeKee, Mclvenzie, McNecly, Mercur, Elia-
kim JI. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Morpbis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel 1\ Morrill,
Myers, XeiHoy, Xowsham, O'Neill, Ortli, Packard,
Packer, Faine, Feck, Ferce. Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy. Potter, Pio^er, Holers, Sargent, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scbumaker, Scofield, thanks, Lionel_ A.
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. vSmith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes, Stougb-
ton, Strickland, Swann.Tafte, Tannor, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, T wichell.Xyner, Upson,'Van Wyck,
"Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wlntmore,
Wilkinson, Willaid, John 'i1. Wilson, Winans, and
Witch or—1 id.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Barmim, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Buck, Burr, William T.
Clark, Cowl es, Davis, Duval, l^ishcr, Gibson, C-illillaii,
Griswold, llambleton, Hamilton, Ha-wkins. Lteaton,
Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander II. jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Dougbvidge.Mc-
Cormiek, Milnes. Mungen, Palmer, Piatt, Porter,
Itoots, Sanford, Porter Sheldon, Slocuni, V/ort.ii-
ington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stone,
Strader, Strong:, Van Ilorn,Van Trump, Cadwa-lader
C. Washburn. Wclker. Wells, Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—-51.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the appeal of
Mr. Cox from the decision of the Speaker,
which appeal Mr. Bingham had moved be laid
on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leaveto make a
proposition to the House; that is, that the
pending report from the committee of con-
ference shall go over as unfinished business, to
be taken up to-morrow after the expiration of
the morning hour. And then I propose that
the gentlemen in opposition to the report shall
have an hour and a half for discussion, while
those in favor of the report may be allowed
one hour in which to reply.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that will be satis-
factory.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not object,
Mr. DICKEY. And that no dilatory mo-
tions shall be made at the close of the discus-
sion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] did not include that in
his proposition.
Mr. DICKEY. If that is not understood I
must object to the proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. However, 1 will not
object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] proposes that the report of the
committee of conference shall be postponed
until to morrow after the morning hour; that
then it should be open to discussion for two
hours and a half, of which time the opposition
to the report shall have one hour and a half,
and those who favor the report shall be allowed
one hour ; and that at the end of that time the
House shall proceed to vote without dilatory
motions. Is there objection ?
There being no objection, the agreement was
accordingly made.
AMERICAN CO.MMIJ11CIS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I^call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now com-
mence, at five minutes before four o'clock, and
the House will resume the consideration of the
bill reported from the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Tonnage,
being House bill No. 1889, to revive the navi-
gation and commercial interests of the United
Slates, upon winch the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lyxcii] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Assuming that the morn-
ing hour had commenced, I know I would have
no right to the floor; but I was seeking to get
the floor in advance of the commencement of
the morning hour.
The SPEAKHR. The call of the regular
order precipitated the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. When the regular order
was called I rose for the purpose of reporting
back to the House, as I am authorized to do
at any time, the bill to reduce internal taxes.
I have been trying for three days to get the
floor for that purpose. If it be thought that
the bill which is now in the morning hour can
be disposed of to-day I will give way for that;
but I am exceedingly anxious to report back
the bill I have mentioned.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that before we
undertake to reduce taxes we had better dis-
pose of the bill of the gentleman from Maine,
[ilr. Lynch.]
Jlr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I undeistand
that the gentleman from Maine intends to call
the previous question, so as to dispose of the
bill to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the understanding
that the previous question is to be demanded,
and an elfort made to dispose to-day of the
bill now in the morning hour, 1 will not ask to
make my report.
Mr. LYNCH. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and the pending amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask that the substitute, with
the amendments to it, be regarded as pending
before the House in lieu of the original bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] asks unanimous consent
that the substitute reported from his commit-
tee may be regarded as the bill before the
House for action, and that the original bill,
with the several amendments pending, maybe
considered as laid on the table. The Clerk
will report the substitute, together with the
two amendments offered—one by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and the
other by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Reeves.]
The substitute and amendments were read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] who has charge of this bill
desires that the bill originally reported, to-
gether with the amendments, which are quite
numerous, may be considered as laid aside, so
that the previous question, which he now asks,
may operate upon the substitute and the two
amendments which have been read.
■ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow an amendment to be
offered by me I shall be content.
Mr. ALLISON. I shall be satisfied if I be
permitted to offer an amendment to the first
section of the substitute.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will not object, if I
be permitted to offer my amendment either in
tlio form in which I offered it the other day,
or in a modified shape, if I see proper.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that all these
gentlemen have expressed themselves in favor
of the first two sections, provided an amend-
ment he permitted to strike out the proviso,
which is the only feature to which objection
has been made. I have asked that the sub-
stitute be regarded as the original bill, so as
to avoid the necessity of going through with
all these amendments. I had supposed the
gentlemen who have indicated their willing-
ness to vote for these two sections would allow
this course to be taken. If they do not, we
might as well go on without attempting any
arrangement.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I must decline to yield.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the proposition of the gentleman from
Maine, it is that the substitute, with the two
amendments which have been read, may be
considered as pending, and I hat the original
bill with the other amendments be laid aside.
The previous question, which the gentleman
asks, will then operate upon the substitute and
the two amendments.
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the previous question on the bill and
pending amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the previous ques-
tion operate upon an amendment which I have
offered ?
The SPEAKER. It will. Thepreviousques-
tion will operate upon all the amendments,
and also the substitute, with the amendments
thereto.
Mr. LYNCH. As objection is made to the
arrangement I have suggested, I now yield to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,]
who wishes to offer an amendment pertinent to
the bill as now before tlie House.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by adding
at the end of section three the following:
Provided, That all suras to be paid under this sec-
tion shall be paid out of moneys collected under the
fourth section of this act, and shall not exceed the
amount that shall be collected under said fourth
section.
Mr. COX. I wish to submit a proposition
which t think will save time. It is that by
unanimous consent we first take a vote on the
substitute and amendments, and that if those
fail the vote can then be taken on the bill and
amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is good.
Mr. ALLISON. I have no objection to that
if the gentleman from Maine will allow mo to
move an amendment to the substitute.
Mr. LYNCH. I have no objection to that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I reserve the right to
object.
