1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1967
must await his return, or incur the expense of
another trip to perhaps be again disappointed.
We all know the very uncertain tenure by
which postmastershold their offices. Not un-
frequently will it happen that some unfortunate
"Nasby" will return onlyto find himself sup-
planted by his deadly political foe, who con-
gratulates himself that he will reap the reward
of the labor of his hated rival.
Mr. Speaker, the worst feature of this bill is
yet to be told. The people, and especially the
pensioners, demand of us some legislation that
will disinthrall and rid them of the oppressions
of the claim agents. These vampires are suck-
ing the very life-blood of these poor depend-
ents itpon your bounty. This bill not only
continues but seems to be intended to per-
petuate the system in its most odious form.
It proposes to appoint some seventeen hun-
dred and twenty-eight postmasters or other
officers to pay pensions, who are to pay to the
person entitled, "or Ms or her duly author-
ized agent." They are to " prepare all vouch-
ers, powers of attorney, and other papers."
They bear with them, a sort of Government
license to prey upon the pensioner and lord
it over him. As the average number of post-
masters in each county is about fifteen, a
spirited competition will at once arise for the
blessed privilege of swindling the defenseless
widow and orphan, so temptingly held out. The
average amount each will disburse is about
twenty thousand dollars. As no bond is to be
required from any of the seventeen hundred and
twenty-eight persons designated to disburse the
$38,000,000 we annually appropriate to pay
pensions, these postmaster claim agents will
doubtless feel very grateful to the gentleman
from Ohio for devising a scheme whereby "steal-
ing is made easy.What wonder that every Shy -
lock in the land whose business consists in rob-
bing the pensioner sings praises to the author of
so just and humane a measure, and denounces
and urges the defeat of the bill reported by the
committee? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] and the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Crebs,] by interposing their objections to
the consideration of this bill at the beginning
of the session, thus delaying its passage so as
not to be available for the Marchpayment, have
already secured to this piratical crew at least
$1,000,000 of the pensioners' money. Let them
answer for it to their constituents.
Most of the postmasters in the country have
some trading establishment in which the post
office is kept. Some of them are not of a kind
that favorably impresses the stranger who looks
in upon it while the stage is waiting for the
mail to be distributed. This becomes the head-
quarters of all the pensioners in the county.
The head of the establishment is the claim
agent for all of them. He has a monopoly of
the business licensed by your laws. The pen-
sioner's money first comes to his hands, from
which an amount of toll can be taken limited
only by his conscience. In many cases the
whole grist will be appropriated. His wares are
liberally dealt out during the interim between
payments at extortionate prices. Every facil-
ity is afforded to entrap the unwary and extort
from the necessitous. Death would never suc-
ceed in terminating the pension of a debtor to
theclaim agent postmaster. To him is intrusted
the duty of reporting the deaths and marriages
of all the pensioners in his county. Of course
none would ever occur until the agent's claim
was fully discharged. Surely none can deny
that facilities are here afforded for iniquity, and
as broad a field opened for fraud and oppres-
sion as tho most unscrupulous could desire.
Far bettor to go on sis we are, and patiently
'■ suffer the ills" of the present_system than
"fly to others" still more oppressive and grind-
ing. Now the poor pensioner has some little
chance to avoid iho agent's despotism; then
he would have none.
Theclaim agents in every part ol the country
and also the seventeen hundred and twenty-
eight would-be Kasbys u.re very r.-aturaily eon-
spiring to accomplish the defeat of this bill of
the committee. They well know if it becomes
a law, "Othello's occupation's gone." The
$2,000,000 which they annually filch from the
maimed and suffering defenders of your coun-
try's flag and the pining widows and children
of those who fell when your battles were won
will no longer reward their iniquitous prac-
tices.
It is difficult to find a more heartless set of
scamps than are these same claim agents.
True, there are among them many honorable
exceptions; but as a elass_ a more infamous
gang of cut-throats never lived. Large as are
their stealings from the soldiers and the sol-
diers' widows and orphans they are as nothing
compared with their robberies of the Govern-
ment. The country has no idea of the extent
of their operations or the amount they have
cost us. So enormous have their frauds be-
come that the War Department, on the 23d
of January, 1869, dispatched Colonel Richard
J. Dodge to Memphis, Tennessee, to investi-
gate into their operations. He did the work
thoroughly, and his report is before me. He
says:
" Their ramifications are infinite, from the petty
advance fee of twenty-five cents to the complete
fraudulent claim supported entirely by forgery and
perjury and of every variety that shrewdness, money,
knavery, power, and utter unserapulousncss may
devise and execute when dealing with ignorance,
confidence, and helplessness.
He givesa description of their outrages upon
the ignorant negro whom your laws have pen-
sioned for his sacrifices in defending your flag.
The claim agent has perhaps prepared his
papers and awaits the day when payment of
the pension is to be made, and is promptly on
hand watching his prey. Says the report:
"So prevent the possibility of escape of any of
these debtors the claim agents employ persons ex-
acting and unscrupulous, who, armed with lists of
claimants to be paid, hang about the door of the dis-
bursing office to seize upon each claimant who
comes out with his money.
" One of the agencies also employs (or did untu
recently) a person who has been a special constable.
It was his duty to arrest the contumacious, take thein
to the agent's office, in rare cases to the police sta-
tion, and though he has not nor has had tor a.long
time any warrant of law or oolor of right for his ac-
tions, yetsuch is the negro's terror of the law as admin-
istered by the white man that this bogus constable
went on from day to day outraging the rights of the
colored people and assisting in the most barefaced
robberies." r * * ' "Most frequently,
through fear and to avoid difficulty, the negro hands
over his whole money, and these agents help them-
selves to whatever they see fit. Should tho man prove
refractory or insist that he owes tho agent nothing,
ho is threatened with arrest and the terrors of the
law. If so obstinate as still to refuse, hois arrested,
marched off to the agent's office, and there forced to
give up his money. In two instances, sworn to, he
isheld by onewhilohis pockets are rifled by another.
There seems no remedy for these outrages except an
entire change in the whole system.
"The colored pensioners of the United States, more
than any other class of claimants,ure peculiarly the
prey of the claim agents, and yield a richer return
for the time, labor, and money invested." /"• *
* - "In ten eases taken without selection the
average of money received by tho agent as first pay-
ment of pensions is $352 40. The average in the same
cases of money paid by agents to pensioners is $163 40;
that is, the agent takes ten dollars more than half.
The same frauds appear in the receipt and payment
of the semi-yearly pensions. The pensioners are
kept in ignorance of the amounts due, and receive
any sum given them that the generosity of the agent
may prompt. The pension certificates are almost
invariably withheld from pensioners, not onlj;to
retain tho collection of the semi-yearly pension
with all the attendant advantages in tho hands ot
the agent, but also as security for tho payment of
advances."
This report abounds in similar acts of ras-
cality ; and after a most thorough investigation
Colonel Dodge arrives at the conclusion that
of all the money due the eolored pensioners in
the entire South and paid by the Government,
the pensioners get not more than one half,
the balance being stolen from them by these
harpies. But the amount of their robberies of
individuals is nothing compared with the sums
stolen from the Treasury. Millions of dollars of
the honest tax-pavers' hard-earned savings have
been paid these sharks for claims wholly ficti-
tious and carried through by forgery and perjury.
These arc tho men, Mr. Speaker, with whom
we have to contend. To a man they are arrayed
in opposition to this bill, notunfrequently under
the disguise of a " soldier's friend." I cannot
believe this House intends to sanction and per-
petuate their evil practices by voting down this
bill.
To give these payments to the assessors and
collectors is utterly impracticable. These offi-
cers have a large scope of country to traverse
in many of the country districts. They are
constantly engaged in their legitimate duties,
in the full discharge of which they are not at
all times entirely successful. For a period of
time succeeding the time of payment they
must give the pensioners their whole time, so
long as one remains unpaid, notwithstanding
the Treasury might lose thousands of dollars
for the want of their services. My district is
composed of twelve counties. Some districts
are much larger. A collector and a single
assistant collect the revenue. Each deputy
assessor has at least two counties. They are
constantly employed at a per diem salary.
Whatever officer is made an agent for the pay-
ment of pensions must be constant in attend-
ance for that duty, for the time of payment is
the wish and convenience of the pensioner.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the expense. The
largest amount ever paid as salary to pension
agents is $200,000. There will be a consider-
able increase this year over the last in the
amount disbursed, and that increase will go
on for some years yet. Still it does not add a
dollar to the salary of the agents. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, in his zeal for his postmas-
ter claim-agent plan, says it costs the Gov-
ernment "for commissions, clerk hire, and
rent for pension agents annually, abont two
hundred and .fifty thousand dollars." In this
he is in error. The largest amount ever paid
or that will be paid is as I have stated. Pen-
sion agents pay their own clerk hire and office
rent out of their salary, which can in no case
exceed $4,000. The whole cost to the Gov-
ernment for disbursing this large fund of over
thirty-three million dollars is only $200,000,
or about six tenths of one per cent. To this
will be added the sum of about one hundred
thousand dollars should the amendment 1
have indicated prevail. Thus it will be seen
that the entire cost cannot exceed $300,000
per annum—a very small sum indeed for so
large a disbursement of public money.
The cost in carrying out the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio will be enormous. He thinks
§100 to each postmaster sufficient. When we
consider that he requires him to prepare, on
an average, five hundred and sixty vouchers
annually, each voucher containing from fifty
to seventy blanks to be filled; to take the affi-
davits of the pensioner and his witnesses to
each, frequently requiring a trip_ of thirty miles
or more four times each year, it must be ad-
mitted he is doing the work reasonably cheap.
I can tell the gentleman that instead of $100,
he will have to pay faithful officers more than
four times that amount. Then once think of
the postmasters at New York, Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, or Chicago being required to pay
all the pensioners domiciled within range of
the post office for $100? Such an idea is too
preposterous to be seriously entertained.
There are now on the rolls two hundred and
forty-three thousand pensioners, with one hun-
dred and three thousand applications still pend-
ing. They are still coming in at the rate of
over one hundred a day. The number to be
paid will soon reach three hundred thousand.
This would require an examination at the
Pension Bureau and their return to the post-
masters of one million two hundred thousand
vouchers and as many drafts annually. lh.IS
vast amount of labor must be performed within
a few days to prevent delay. The voucher can-
not be signed by the pensioner until the pay-
ment is due. It has then to be transmitted by
mail to the Pension Bureau, occupying an
average time ot'at least five days. Shou.u the
bureau be able to examine, cbe&s: tor, and
