2912
TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
tools will vote for this amendment. Every one
who thinks that the tool-makers of Europe
should be protected to the disadvantage of this
country will vote against it.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a question entirely
disconnected with the rate of duty to be imposed
on scrap iron. Whatever that duty may be the
House will perceive the importance of having
some definition which shall indicate clearly
what constitutes scrap iron, and the gentle-
man's amendment is one which interferes with
the definition as contained in the proviso re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
We have defined "scrap iron" to be nothing
except ''waste.or refuse iron that has been in
actual use and is fit only to be remannfac-
tured," and of course we had an object in that
definition. A very large proportion of the old
iron brought ia aa scrap iron is in the. form of
rails that have been used on railways in foreign
countries. Under our definition all that kind
comes in because having actually been used for
railway purposes. The iron could be rerolled
and converted into rails again or into any other
form, and would have the advantage of com-
ing in under the low duty. But the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] proposes
an amendment which opens the door, not for
railway iron, which can come in ander the pro-
vision of the committee, but for another class of
what he would choose in that case to define as
refuse or scrap iron; that is, that instead of its
being confined to refuse iron that has been in
actual use it may be all kinds, waste or refuse
iron, as one class, and all that has been in
actual use as another, by disconnecting the two
and putting the word "or" in, and making two
classes. Now, then, if everything called refuse
or scrap iron, which has not been used may
come in, what will be the consequence ? Pre-
cisely that which the committee have sought
to guard against. Among other matters of
information brought to the attention of the
committee was this: that a practice has grown
up under this low duty placed npon scrap iron
of bringing in pieces of new iron of the best
kind for various purposes, either cut up to order
or else having been cut in the course of manu-
facture, and introduced in order to use it over
again in this country for various fine purposes.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask him whether it
is not competent for the custom-house officials
to reject as scrap iron the new article ? Your
definition of scrap iron is iron that has been
used. Can there be any such evasions of law
if the custom-house officials do their duty in
rejecting the new article ?
Mr. SCHENCK. There will be no such
evasions of law unless we have dishonest cus-
tom-house officers, in case the provision of
the Committee of Ways and Means.prevails j
but in case the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] shall pre-
vail, then the door will be wide open for intro-
ducing all forms and sorts of new iron, either
cut up purposely to be brought in in that way,
or else found in that condition, but brought in.
under this low duty to be used over again in
this country. In order to guard against that
we have not only in this paragraph provided j
that that only shall be called aorap iron which |
is waste or refuse that has been in actual use, j
but we have taken care in the next paragraph I
to exclude the conclusion that these ends, |
clippings, and punchings of new iron may be '
brought in except at the rate charged for iron j
in slabs and blooms. And the reason for that j
is just this: if you throw open the door and let
in pieces of new iron, which the gentleman
himself admits may be converted into eteel
very readily, and may be used for the manu-
facture of tools and for other smaller and finer
purposes—if you do that, and among them
include clippings and punchings, you will have
clippings and punchings brought in in every
form. It is not merely the punchings, in order
to make rivets in boiler-plates that will be
brought in, but you will nave punchings cut
into all sorts of shapes ready to be used.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend by inserting the word "which" after
the word "that." Mr. Chairman, the change
proposed by this amendment in the tariff on
iron, as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, is of a greatdeal more importance than
the word "or" would seem to indicate. The
duty on iron ends, clippings, and punchings is
now less than three eighths of a cent perpound.
By the arrangement proposed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the duty is increased
to one cent per pound, by a new classification
merely, without any apparent change at all in .
the present law. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sciiexck]
justifies this proposed increase of duty by the
argument which gentlemen have heard. And
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake]
the other day endeavored to maintain that posi-
tion by a citation of the large amount of iron
that has been recently imported into the city
of Philadelphia. Pennsylvania, therefore, at-
tacks us in two ways: first, by a new classifi-
cation, increasing the duty, and next by an
argument founded upon this increased import-
ation of iron into Philadelphia. And why was
that increased importation of iron into Phila-
delphia? 1 call the attention of the Committee
to the matter. The moment a new classifi-
cation was reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means it was telegraphed to the other side,'
and orders went over from Pennsylvania for a
large amount of iron, and especially for old used-
up railroad iron, to be rerolled in the Cambria
and other iron works of Pennsylvania. And the
fact that these iron rails are ttius imported is
used as an argument here by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to show that frauds are be-
ing committed by the importation of extra rail-
road iron into Philadelphia. Sir, the country
needs more railroad iron than Pennsylvania or
the rolling-mills of this country can now make.
The demand for it is greater than the power to
manufacture it. Hence the necessity that' the
old classification should be allowed to stand,
and not that which is proposed here.'
Mr. CAKE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Not now.
Mr. CAKE. Just a question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Not now, I
say. I trust that the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to insert
the little word "or" will prevail. It is of the
greatest importance to all the railroad-makers
of the whole West; and it is of the greatest
importance to ;the iron-workers of the East
and of the whole Atlantic slope. It is a word.
full of meaning. It is one of the most import-
ant amendments which have been proposed to
this bill. By an amendment which has been
adopted, scrap cast iron will stand at $5 per
ton, and scrap wrought iron at $6 per ton, or \
a dollar more than the duty'upon pig iron, as ;
agreed to by this Committee of the Whole.
And I trust this committee will be consistent
in its course and insert this word "or," as ;
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu- -
setts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to reiterate,' as
nearly as I can, what I said at the close of the
debate on this subject the other evening, that .
there never was a monosyllable used in a way :
to dd mote harm than this little one of two
letters which the gentleman from Massachu-'
setts [Mr. Butler] has flioved to insert, in this
paragraph. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] and a great many others seem !
to have Pennsylvania on the brain; to be crazy
on the subject of Pennsylvania. Now, her in-
terests are not specially involved in this mat-
ter. The gentleman from Massachusetts by
his amendment, and the gentleman from New
York by his advocacy of it, do not propose to
touch the duty on rails ; and yet the gentleman
from New York says it is a Pennsylvania move-
ment because the Cambria Iron Company reroll
old rails. With or without this amendment the
law touching rails will stand precisely as it does
now. Sir, it is a question of revenue. If this
amendment shall be adopted, then iron that
would pay 1 cent, or cent, or 1} cent per
pound in, the bar will be punched into forms
and cut into shapes, become more advanced
than the bar iron; and yet it will come in at
the same rate of duty as old scrap iron will
come in.
Now, how largely that will operate upon the
reveuue we have evidence from the returns of
the last three years. In 1867 the Government
derived a reveuue of $585,000 from the duty
on this article; in 18C8 a revenue of $640,000,
aud in 1869 a revenue of $1,115,000. Why
should bar iron be imported and pay its duty?
Why should not more labor be expended upon *
it in punching and cutting it into forms when
by so doing it comes in as scrap iron under
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler?] It is a fraud on the
revenue to the amount of nearly a quarter of
a million dollars annually. It is at the same
time a blow at the industry of the country. I
say that in statesmanship uo monosyllable of
two letters was ever made to play a more dan-
gerous and damaging part than will this word
"or" if the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts be adopted. I reiterate that
Pennsylvania has no special interest in this
question. As I have already suggested in gen-
eral debate, you cannot strike the industries
of Pennsylvania without inflicting a blow at
the same time upon Maryland, Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
all the New England. States—every State in the
Union save the cotton States. The indus-
tries of Pennsylvania are so developed and
diversified as to bind her in interest to every
State in, the Union. When the gentleman
howls at Pennsylvania he does but curse West
Virginia and the other iron-producing States,
including nearly every State in the Union.
I see that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] does me the honor to listen to me;
and I tell him that the three southernmost tiers
of counties in Illinois are richer in iron and
coal and the fluxes for smelting them than any
similar number of contiguous counties in Penn-
sylvania. When I ask that this fraud on the
revenue and the industries of the country be
averted by adopting the report of the commit-
tee I do but plead for southern Illinois, and for
Clay and other coal-bearing and iron-bearing
counties of the State of Indiana. We are all
interested in the development of iron. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] tells
us that we do not produce so much as we need.
Can he tell us that we have notthe material from
which to produce it ? It underlies all our land;
and the simple question is whether when we
are entering upon an ago when iron and steel
are to be the materials for the construction of
our vessels of war, as well as the projectiles,
we shall develop our own resourcea or rely
upon our great maritime foe for the material
for the construction of vessels of war and their
armament and projectiles.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend by striking
oat the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler") and inserting what
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line three hundred and twenty-three, after the
word "that," strike out the word "which" and
insert the following:
, That from and after the 1st day of July next the
duties levied upon the articles in this section named,
imported from foreign countries, shall be reduced
as follows: on syrup of cane juice or melada; on
molasses from sugarcane 
