10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22,
Ho. os Eeps.
Postal Telegraph—Mr. Washburn.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
with, conductors of five and four millimeters, and a
secondary lino with conductors of three millimeters:
Lines.
Principal lines.
Purchase, transportation,
a.nd erection of poles, 20
feet high for ordinary
and 325- feet extraor-
dinary supports 
Putting up wire of five
millimeters, purchase,
transportation, and fix-
ing of insulators and
wire 
Putting up wire of four
millimetres, purchase,
transportation, and fix-
ing of insulators and
Secondary lines.
Purchase, transportation,
and erection of poles, 20
feet high for ordinary
and 26 feet for extraor-
dinary supports 
Purchase, transportation,
and orection of wire of
three millimeters in
thickness, and of small
insulators for its support..
156
100
100
50
27
22
•K o
tH o
o *•>
ft®'
T3 4>
«3 CI
. Q
° a
& 5
10
25
220
115
423
147
50
206
It is almost impossible to give the cost of the sub-
terranean linos employed in the large cities and of
the submarine and other cables, the amount of act-
ual expense varying in each caso according to the
conditions of the work projected. It may be said,
however, that the subterranean lines recently laid
m the larger cities of Franco comprise generally
twenty to thirty conducting wires, and that they have
cost about one thousand francs per kilometer for each
wire, as well for the material as the cost of labor.
1 ho administration employs for these underground,
lines cables of seven copper conductors each. All the
rabies of a line aro incloscd in iron pipes buried at
the depth of about a meter. In certain cases, how-
over, they aro suspended to the roofs of sewers or
ot tunnels. I hey are then protcetcd by a continuous
sheathing of lead.
The instruments also vary according to the classof
ofliecs as well as the lines. Tho Hughes (printing))
apparatus, which is capable of transmitting fifty or
sixty dispatches per hour upon each wiro, is used
between the grand centers.
For tho lines connecting the chief towns of depart-
ments with their contral depot, and for those con-
necting the chief towns of arrondissementa" with
those of departments, tho instrument in general use
is tho Morse, improved by tho system Digney, which
has substituted an indelible ink in place of the
embossed marks, which were invisiblo in some lights
and which disappeared under a slight pressure. In
thoeasoofheavy and continuous business the Hushes
instrument is substituted for tho Morse. On tho
cantonal lines tho instrument, used is a dial. On this
instrument the signals are fugitive, but itssimplicity
renders it easily manipulated and understood.
1- The Staff—Personnel.
The staff and duration of scrvico in tho different
burcausaro arranged upon the same principles. At
• * j ■u °i c,ack contral depot there is a director as-
sisted by clerks, and having under his orders a num-
ber of employes according to the number of wires
and the business of the office. According to its
greater or less importance tho service is continuous
HE llay au-d ?lsht'or P/oloneed only till mid-
night. In the chief towns of the departments the
bureau is allowed one director and the necessary
employes. It iskcpt open, from seven a. m. insura-
fh«rrSP*% wintor? until nine *>• m. In
tho chief towns of tho arrondissements tho office is
managed, according to its importance, either by a
chief of station and employes, with a complete day
service, or with a limited service, from nine a. m?to
seven p. in., by an employe orsub-agent chosen from
among the old employes of the Government or tho
members of their lamilies. In these three species of
offices the operating staff depends solely upon the
administration, and is devoted exclusively to its
service.
"^n the cantonal offices the working is under the
carc of the municipal authorities. It is confided to
some inhabitant of the locality holding already some
public office, such as tho secretary of thomayoraltT
schoolmaster, postmaster, &c. The extra dutv im-
posed upon him by the telegraphic service is com-
pensated by the administration by means of allow-
ances proportioned to tho number of disr>afehp=:
transmitted. These offices are open on week days
from nine a. m. to twelve, and from two to seven p.
m., and Sundays for an hour in the morning and one
in the evening, 1
The operating staff is under the authority and con-
trol of higher officials, whose superintendence ex-
tends, within certain limits, to all the details of the
service.
Tho empire is arranged in eight grand divisions,
each comprising one or two centra^ depots, and
embracing generally one grand line .with its ramifi-
cations. A division inspector is at the head of each
district. With the aid of the sub-inspectors assigned
to him he is responsible for tho condition of the
principal lines of the service generally throughout
his jurisdiction, Under his authority an inspector
is made superintendent in each department. This
officer has in charge the construction, of lines and
tho opening of new offices, the repair and recon-
struction of existing lines; and, in fine, controls the
service of the different stations.
Suoh, sir, is the actual condition of the telegraphic
administration in France. The principles "whicharo
at its foundation aro not arbitrary; they have been
adoptod in accordance with thcgcncral constitution
of the country and the teachings of experience, as
tho development of the service required a more per-
fect organization.
2. Tariffs.
At the same time that the extonsion of telegraphic
communication began to popularize this precious
means of correspondence the administration placed
it still further within tho rcach of the public by a
progressive reduction of tariffs and the concession
of new advantages.
The law of November 20,1850, which enacted the
first rules for private dispatches, had fixed the rate
at three francs for twenty words between points of
the same department, increased by twelve cen-
times, (two and two fifths cents) poradditional myri-
aineter, (six miles,) tho distance being calculated
upon the actual length of the line by the route pur-
sued ; the whole augmented by a tax of fifty centimes
for delivery.
Tho law of May 29,1853, made tho first reduction
in lowering tho price to two francs, with ten cen-
times per additional myriameter.
These reductions bccamo greater and greater by
authority of the laws—
Of June 22, 1854, which took for a basis the dis-
tance in a direct lino, and while reestablishing the
old additional rate of twelve centimes per myri-
ameter, raised tho number of words in asimplo dis-
patch from twenty to twenty-five ;
Of July 21, 1856, which restored the proportional
tax to ten contimcs per myriameter, but reduced
tho length of the dispatch to fifteen words in the
text and five for tho address;
Of May IS, 1858. which fixes the tariff of one franc
for dispatches between points in the same depart-
ment, and # of one franc fifty centimes for those
between adjacent departments;
And lastly, by tho law of July 3,1861, which, mak-
ing a radical change in the system of tariffs, substi-
tuted for the proportional system a uniform tariff of
one franc for twenty words for dispatches within the
same departments, and of two francs for tho others
throughout tho empire.
The following table, in which are reproduced the
successive tariffs for a dispatch from Paris to threo
or four different points, shows the importance of these
reductions:
tr*
p
3
I
&
a N
o S
 
3
a td
These tariffs are still in operation. But since tho
3d of July, 1861, the administration has not stood
still, and two new laws have extended tho benefits
and facilities heretofore accorded to the public. [Re-
duced November 1, 1869, to uniform rate of £ franc
in a department and 1 franc throughout the empire. J
One, tho law of May 27,1863, has inaugurated two
new services: that of semaphoric communication,to
which I shall presently advert, andthat of the auto-
graphiesystem of transmission, whichis, perhaps, the
desideratum of the future, but which at present does
not seem fully to answer a much-felt need. It is in
operation only between Paris and Lyons, and its use
even upon that line is as yet limited. Perhaps the
public are not entirely unaware of tho results hith-
erto attained; the apparatus, while presenting a
Splendid solution of the problem of autographic
transmission, has not yet reached its perfect devel-
opment, and its reproductions leave something still
to be desired in the way of clearness and even of
authenticity.
The second, the law of June 13,1866, provided for
the insuring of absolute exactness in the transmission
of dispatches by repetition, for allowing them to be
written in cipher or secret characters, and permitted
them to follow the party to whom addressed in case
of his absence. Besides, it substituted for the rather
slow system of collecting the tax in money the more
rapid delivery by means of stamped dispatehes.
The administration has not yet reached, however,
the limit of the reductions which it proposes to make
in its tariffs, and the prices, already small, of one and
two francs will undoubtedly soon be reduced to fitty
centimes and one franc.
3. Result of Improvements.
The natural effect of these successive reductions of
tariffs and of these new facilities in the exchange of
dispatches has been to so multiply their number that
m spite of the considerable diminutions in rates the
amount of receipts has nevertheless progressively
increased. But, on the other hand, the expenses have
been augmented in proportion, in order to maintain
a constant equilibrium between the demand and
resources.
This situation is shown by the two comparative
tables hereunto annexed, in which will be found the
expenses and effective receipts from the beginning
of the service up to January 1,1866.
I o fully appreciate the value of these figures it
must be remarked that all Government correspond-
ence by telegraph is free of charge. In 1865 this
amounted to 568,647 dispatches, If an account had
been kept of the corresponding receipts, 1,800,631
francs 18 centimes, which is only preserved as a rec-
ord, the telegraphic budget would have been over-
paid since 1865 by a profit of nearly one million.
On the other handball the dispatches sent upon
the service of the railroad companies do not enter
into these calculations. The profits of which the
administration is deprived in this manner are com-
pensated in part by tho services which the companies
render it by transporting free its material and em-
ployes.
4. Semaphoric Service.
Thus far, sir, I have merely mentioned the exist-
ence of a system equally extended by the Govern-
ment, and which develops itself side by side with the
general system. I refer to that of semaphoric com-
munication.
Tlii? semaphores are stations established upon the
coasts ot the empire, which are connected by electric
wires peculiar to the whole system, and are united
besides with a system of signals which allows them
to communicate with ships at sea. As regards the
general interests of the public, these stations have
the triple duty of watching the coasts, reporting tho
condition of the sea, and receiving and transmitting
the communications of the ships of war with the
maritime authorities.
Their func tion is not limited to this official service.
STO bes-ldfs.to g ve the benefit of the tele-
graph to the points nearwhich they are established,
Xf„f„ettJ®moa5l?fpnv?tocom;Plnni^tion between
!?„£•i* and various, points on shore. The
f&ffn^e^effiftDh0n0iS0mce *s reoruifccd among
&to belong naVy deI,artme°t. to which itcon-
nnTn?fa^mffU?ie1a.tio115 of an altogether private
nature are effected by means of the signals of the
whSh w®,1, ° 'Vs® by tho ships of all nations,
fcS uono.ert by the British admi-
i * 1 • £epartmonfc of tho marine, and
I 'f uC0 by a 8reat "umber Of nations,
maritime lan^u^gef001^0' accordmely, the universal
nn"t^SiS£i??i,V!h<!?Y.call<!li "jaritimo dispatohes, are
rr° othoroonditions than those which
result fiom their peculiar manner of transmission
Their rates are the same as those for land dispatches
of the same nature, with the addition of two francs
per twenty words tor maritime transmission
itoeemsto mc, sir, superfluous to enumerate tho
advantages which this mode of communication nrc-
sents. ihe Government of tho United States more
than any other, is m a condition to appreciate them.
5. International Susfcm.
to t£„°trfi2losinf-a w?r?- remains to be said in regard
countries? aP Cre oftho ^P^ewith other
pinUp'lVnf directly by many wires with tho
nlfo «,?tf0<Jntcoun,,ric;- Tho grand centers,
also, ana the places near the frontiers aro equally in
communication with neighboring foreign cities.
J.lie grand international lines are generally built
