1024
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Also, the petition of Joseph Cooke, post-
master, and 39 others, citizens of Waynesburg,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of E. P. Crawford and
others, citizens of Rock Point, Lawrence
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John W. McNickle and
others, citizens of East Brook, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. C. Shannon and
others, citizens of Seventy-Six, Beaver county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. Marion Crawford and
others, citizens of Greensboro', Greene county, 1
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose. 1
Also, the petition of Thomas F. Allen and
others, citizens of Clokeyville, Washington
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of W. C. Chand-
ler, deputy postmaster, and 67 others, citizens
residing in or near Madison county, Alabama, ;
asking for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. . . _
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: Thememorial of
Charles Wheeler, of Cleveland, Ohio, asking
compensation for his invention of a dating and .
cancelling stamp for post offices.
Also, divers petitions from Rockford, Illi- 1
nois, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial ofthe Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying for an appropria-
tion to improve Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: Three petitions of
citizens of the twenty-first congressional _ dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sugar Lake,
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying the
abolition ofthe franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Maysville,
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Plum town-
ship, Venango county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition of citizens of the borough of
Mercer, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition ofcitizens of Woodcock bor-
ough, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition from citizens of the city of
Philadelphia, praying that the names of surviv-
ing soldiers and sailors, or the names of the
widows of soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812, be placed on the pension-roll of the U nited
States. .
By Mr. GOLLADAY: A petition of sundry
citizens of Tompkinsville, Monroe county,
Kentucky, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Cum-
berland county, Kentucky, asking the abolition
By Mr. HAMJLLL: Three petitions of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of M. J. Piper and others,
of Maryland, asking payment for the use and
destruction of a church during the late rebel-
lion.
By Mr. HAY: Petitions of qitizens of
Darmstadt, Jordan's Grove, Evansville, and
Ayr's Pointj Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HILL: The memorial of Thomas Rid-
dle and 77 others, journeymen cigar-makers,
in coqjunction with the manufacturers of cigars,
of the second congressional district , of New
Jersey, asking for a higher tariff on imported
cigars.
Also, a petition of 91 citizens of New York
city, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of 39 citizens of Cascade,
Virginia, asking for the same.
Also, 719 petitions from the following towns
in the fourth district of New Jersey, asking
that the franking prmlege be abolished: Engle-
wood, Passaic, McAfer V allej, Orange, Bloom-
field, Parsippany, Charlottesburg, Beaver
Run, Suckasunna, Leonia, Montague, Muton,
Passaic Valley, Hainsville, Mount Salem, and
Changewater.
Also, 673 petitions from the following cities
and towns in New Jersey, asking that the frank-
ing privilege be abolished: Jersey City* 1^) 5
Stockton, 45; Delaware Station, 76; Cranberry,
83 ; Newark, 45 ; Asbury, 37 ; Jacobstown,
68 ; Jamesburg, 34 ; Kingston, 34; Lambert-
ville, 46 ; Belvidere, 55 ; Montana, 39 ; Phil-
ipsburg, 49 ; Six Mile Run, 47.
By Mr. HOAR: The memorial of H. W.
Titian & Co., against the reduction of duties on
Also, the petition of D. R. Boynton, and
others, of Paxton, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of David F. Craig, and
others, of Charlton, Massachusetts
Also, the petition of Sheldin C. Tyrrel, and
others, of North Spencer, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of Henry Trowbridge, and
others, of Wrentham, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of Albert C. Willard, and [
others, of Charlton, Massachusetts.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: The petition
of citizens of Millville and St. George, praying ;
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of citizens of Grant's Lick, Campbell county,
Kentucky, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Williams-
town, Kentucky, to abolish the franking priv- .
liege*
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of Perry J.
Brinegas and 34 others, citizens of Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of John H. Weaver and 28
others, citizens of Abington, Wayne county,
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of A. J. Robinson and
99 others, citizens of Fountaintown, Shelby
county, Indiana, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Rolla Personett and 76
others, citizens of Willow Branch, Hancock
county, Indiana, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. A. Denny and 105
others, citizens of Washington Territory, pray-
ing Congress to pass bill H. R. No. 927, (For-
tieth Congress, March 17, 1868,) and that no
authority be granted to obstruct Black river by
dam and lock.
Also, the petition of G. M. Collins and 5
others, citizens of Noah, Shelby county, Indi-
ana, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of H. N. Thompson and
45 others, citizens of McCordsville, Hancock
county, Indiana, praying Congress to abolish
the frankingprivilege.
By Mr. KELSEY: Petitions of 143 citizens
of Mount Morris, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege; of citizens of Branch-
port, New York; of citizens of Hemlock Lake,
New York; of citizens of Reed's Corners, New
York; of citizens of Dundee, New York; of
citizens of Orleans, New York; of citizens of
Clifton Springs, New York; of citizens of Yates
county, New York; of citizens of Seneca Castle,
New York; of citizensof Caledonia,New York;
of citizens of Farmington, New York; of citi-
zens of Geneseo, New York; of citizens of East
Avon, New York; of citizensof Hopewell, New
York; of citizens of Bluff Point, New York;
and of 120 citizens of Dansville, New York,
for the same.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Petitions of John
A. Bain and 27 others, of Copake; of Lewis
Tompkins and 99 others, of Matteawan ; of
Isaac P. Marshall and 26 others, of Crum
Elbow, and of L. B. Snyder and 30 others,
of Philmont, New York, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr, McCRARY: The petition of Susan
Dayton Wheaton Anderson, only surviving
heir of Major Joseph Wheaton, of the Army
of the Revolution, praying to be allowed a
pension.  
By Mr. McKENZIE: The following peti-
tions for abolishing the franking privilege: 41
citizens of Manassas; 40 citizens of Orange
county; 9S citizens of Warrenton ; G4 citizens
of Fairfax Court-House ; 65 citizens of Louisa
county; 49 citizens of Round Hill, Loudoun
county; 46 citizensof Plains, Fauquier county;
and 40 citizens of Guilford, Loudoun county,
all in the State of Virginia.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 40 citi-
zens of South Warren, Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of 37 citizens of Dixon,
Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 31 citizens of South Hill,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 34 citizens of Allis Hol-
low, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 38 citizens of Willow
Springs, Columbia county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 25 citizens of Litchfield,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 66 citizens of Terry,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 39 citizens of Limestone-
ville, Montour county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 39 citizens of Hornet's
Ferry, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of Lime Hill,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 15 citizens of Braintrem,
Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 42 citizens of Shunk, Sul-
livan county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of Snedeker-
vilie, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 19 citizens of Eldredville,
Sullivan county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of Samuel
Sipes and 31 others, from Waskey's Mills,
Virginia, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of John Cleek and 20
others, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
Thomas Stevenson and 12 others, of Moscow
Mills, Morgan county, Ohio, for the repeal of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of D. W. Hones and 9
others, for the same purpose.
Also, a memorial of Joshua Hoskinson and
George Driggs, of Athens county, Ohio, soldiers
of the war of 1812.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A petition
of 41 citizens of Glassborough, New J ersey, for
protection to American industry and the re-
duction of the tariff on necessaries of life.
Also, a petition of citizens of Weymouth,
Petersburg, Elwood, and Blackwoodtown,
New Jersey, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: Six
petitions of citizens of the seventeenth con-
gressional district, of Pennsylvania, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Menno, Mif-
flin county, Pennsylvania, asking for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lewistown,
: Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
■ abolition of the franking privilege.
