1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOM
29l3
Mr. MAYN ARD. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this is offered as a substitute forthe pend-
ing paragraph.
Mr. JUDD. That is the object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is not germane. The pending
paragraph relates to scrap iron.
Mr. J UDD. My amendment embraces iron.
I hope the Chair will allow it to be read so that
he can decide upon its relevancy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
the point of order is well taken.^ The amend- t
ment so far as it has been read is not germane
to the pending proposition.
Mr. JUDD. The Chair will allow me to
suggest, with all courtesy, that my amendment
covers the very subject now under discussion— >
scrap iron. ;
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must judge ,
of the amendment as read.
Mr. JUDD. If the entire amendment be
read I think its relevancy will be apparent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Illinois that he may, if lie
pleases, offer this as a substitute for the entire
bill, but not for the pending paragraph. If
he should offer it as a substitute for the entire
bill it will lie over till the bill has been gone
through with, when the question will be taken
upon substituting it.
Mr. JUDD. I suppose that a member
offering an amendment is entitled to have it
read.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment is
offered as a substitute for the pending para-
graph, enough has been read to show that it is
not germane.
Mr. JUDD. Then I will offer it as a sub-
stitute for the entire section.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be time enough to
do that when we get through with the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
•he amendment is not germane as a substitute
for the pending section or paragraph.
Mr. JUDD. The Chair will allow me to
suggest that this is the first instance within
my knowledge in which an amendment when
offered has not been allowed to be read before
the determination of the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. So much of the amend-
ment has been read as to show that it is not
germane to the pending paragraph.
Mr. JUDD. I propose to offer the amend-
ment as a substitute for the entire bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the question of
order that a substitute for the bill cannot be
offered at this stage when we are in the midst
of the bill, but must be offered when the bill
has been gone through with.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
this substitute may be received now, but can-
not be acted upon in anyway until the consid-
eration of the bill by paragraphs shall have
been concluded. This the Chair understands
to be in accordance with the rule of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to another point
of order. That it is not in order to move to
strike out what the committee have inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. The Chair is not aware there is
any such proposition. The Clerk will read the'
substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] The Chair will hear no
question of order until it has been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of July next, the
duties levied upon the articles in this section named,
imported from foreign countries, shall be reduced,
as foliows: _ '
On sirup of cane juice or melada, on molasses from
sugar-cane and on all sugars, on salt, on coal, and
upon pig and scrap iron, 3$k percent., or a reduction
of one third of existing duties.
On coffee, on tea, and on all manufactures of iron
except railroad iron, 20 per cent., or a reduction of
one fifth the present rates: Provided, That no man-
ufactures of iron shall pay a less rate of duty than 35
per cent, ad valorem.
On all manufactures of wool, or manufactures of
which wo<A is a component material of chief value,
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 183.
and on all manufactures of cotton, and on railroad
iron, 10 per cent.: Provided, That no manufactures
of woolen or cotton shall pay a less rate of duty than
35 per cent, ad valoram.
Sec. 2. Taxes imposed under existing internal rev-
enue laws are hereby modified and repealed, as fol-
lows: The laws now in force imposing taxes on in-
comes are hereby so amended as to reduce the rate
hereafter to bo levied on incomes to 3 per cent, on
all incomes in excess of $2,500; all taxes on gross
receipts, and all special taxes and taxes on sales,
except special- taxes imposed upon distillers, recti-
fiers, compounders of liquors. Wholesale and retail
liquor dealers, brewers, manufacturers and dealers in
tobacco, cigars, and snuff, banks and bankers, aro
hereby repealed: Provided, That all assessments
made prior to the taking effect of this act shall bo
colleoted and paid as now required by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to another point of
order, that amendments to the internal revenue
taxes are not in order to a tariff bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute will be
reserved until the eomtnittee has finished the
consideration of the paragraphs in relation to
dutiable articles.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that my point of
order shall also be reserved.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order will
be reserved until that time.
Mr. CAKE. I wish tomoveaftatfteiidment.
The CHAIRMAN. Only an amendment to
an amendment is now in order.
Mr. CAKE. I move at the end of the pro-
viso in the thTee hundred and twenty-fourth
line, after the word "retnanufactured," to add
the following: "and in addition to the duty
imposed on all manner of scrap iron 10 per
cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment is not
germane to the pending amendment. -
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 88, noes 62; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the role, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Butler of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Case.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 68.
So the amendment was rejected.
MESSAGE FKOJI THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message was received from the
Senate by Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed joint
resolutions of the following titles; in which he
was, directed to request the concurrence of the
Hphse:
VA joint resolution (S. R. No. 121).author-
izing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue its bonds for the construction of its
road and to secure the same by mortgages', and
for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Postmaster General to prescribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by
accepted bidders, and for other purposes.
tariff.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. CAKE. I move at the end of line three
hundred and twenty-four to add the following
words: "And in addition to the duty imposed
on all manner of scrap iron 10 per cent, ad
valorem." Mr. Chairman, this amendment
will compel that class of iron fraudulently'
designated as scrap, and which is worth in the
market nearly twice as much as pig iron, to
pay a little more duty than the true stfrap iron
of commerce. I cannot believe that Congress
is willing to perpetuate a fraud that has worked
its way into our tariff laws and is growing into
the most demoralizing proportions after it has
been so fully exposed. TTie gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] unfairly stated,
when discussing this matter on Tuesday night,
that evidences of this fraud only came from a
port in Pennsylvania, and would not yield at
the time to permit me to then state that but a
small portion of the heavy arrivals of the best
quality of iron, invoiced as scrap and by law
admitted as scrap, reaches Philadelphia.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] has stated that when this new tariff
schedule was reported to the country these
Pennsyl vanians hurried off their telegrams with
more orders, that it might come into Phila-
delphia while the duty remains at $8; thns
paying more by $2 a toh than they may hope
to get it in at after the new bill passes. If true,
this statement only goes to prove that these
Pennsylvania gentlemen wish to pay the Gov-
ernment something like a fair amount for the
importation of that class of iron. It can be
shown, and it cannot be successfully denied,
that paying a duty of only $8 a ton in gold, the
importations of this kind of scrap iron, fully as
valuable as blooms that pay 1 cent a pound, is
rapidly increasing. The records of all your
custom-houses will show this. For the fiscal
ycarending June 30,1869, with gold averaging
over 40 per cent, premium, we imported over
130,000 tons. During the next succeeding
five months, ending November 30, 1869, we
imported nearly 70,000 tons, and now it is
estimated that we are importing 1,000 tons a
day of this iron. Instead of raising the rate to
that of blooms, with which it ranks in point of
real value, jt is proposed to reduce the duty
to $6.
The kind of scrap iron used in the factory in
the first district of Connecticut is still more val-
uable. I have been much instructed by the pro-
prietor, who wishes to have his stock duty free;
he uses nothing but scrap. Upon new iron of
the grades he works up the duty would be from
$25 to $30 per ton. Like everybody else the
longer a member of Congress lives the more he
finds out; and my theory in relation to this fac-
tory leads me to suggest that Secretary Boutwell
would do well to send one of his sharp-nosed
young men to look it up. It smells like wooden
nutmegs.
Sir, to work a ton of pig iron into the ad-
vanced condition of blooms or wrought iron
scrap, Such as old rails or other plain forms of
somewhat finer iron, costs about $14 a ton in
this country in favorable localities. I am told
it costs from $4 to $5 only in England. The
rcasori for this is to be found in the fact that
to produce the coal to heat the iron the Amer-
ican miner gets as much wages for one day's
work as the English miner does for five, and
the American puddler gets as" much wages for
one day's work as the English puddler does for
four. It is thus apparent that to reduce the duty
on Scrap, with gold1 at par, will start every fur-
nace and rolling-mill in England, and the most
profitable forito for them to put their product
in is the kind of scrap iron we are talking about.
They need not be particular as to its quality,
for, in order to'evade the proviso that it shall
not be fit for use without reworking, a slight
| twist or bend can be imparted while hot, when
a little rusted it is just the article for the
! American market, allowed to come into our
i country, as it is now proposed, almost duty
ij free.
i' The employment of labor in this country or
j i in England is the problem. Here the laborer
receives four or five times as jnuch for his day's
! j work as' he does over there. In this country
;; he consumes only American wheat and Ameri-
can meat. Our farmers have Him to feed with-
j out fear of competition from the European
continent, and here ho can and does eat wheat
and meat three times a day, if steadily em-
I ployed, besides taking sugar with his coffee and
! j coffee with his sugar as often. OveT there he
, cannot afford, though he be employed three
hundred days in the year, to eat as good food
,j or as much of it as he can here. Therefore,
; we had'better let him do the work here, even
II if we only esteem him as a market for our pro-
duce. Here his wages warrant him in consum-
ing more of everything than he dare hope to do
; over there, and here we have a monopoly of
him as a consumer that we never did nor never
will have over there. Here the money we pay
him is kept among us ; that which we pay him
;! over there is lost to the country forever.
