1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1969
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
oeder op business.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the deficiencies appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report. 1 desire to report
from the Committee on Reconstruction a bill
to admit the State of Texas to representation
in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he allow me to make the motion
which I have indicated; and then, if a major-
ity of the House prefer that my colleague [Mr.
Butler] should proceed with the Texas bill
they can vote down my motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I believe
wo can pass this bill with less discussion than
might be necessary to pass upon my colleague's
motion.
Mr. DAWES. Very well. The gentleman
may proceed.
re admission of texas.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1536) to admit the State of Texas
to representation in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the bill is read, I wish to say that it is precisely
the Virginia and Mississippi bills with the sin-
gle addition of a provision that the passage of
this bill shall not affect the original conditions
under which Texas was annexed to the United
States.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
An act to admit the State of Texas to representation
in the Congress of the United States.
Whereas the people of Texas have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which is
republican; and whereas the Legislature of Texas
clected under said constitution has ratified the four-
teenth andfifteenth amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; and whereas the performance
of these several acts in good faith is a condition pre-
cedent to the representation of the State in Con-
gress: Therefore,
Be it enacted by tile Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Texas is entitled to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States:
Provided, That before anymemberofthe Legislature
of said State shall take or resume his seat, or any
officer of said State shall enter upon theduties of his
office, he shall take and subscribe, and file in the
office of the secretary of State of Texas, for perma-
nent preservation, an oath or affirmation in the lorm
following: " I, , do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I have never taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial officer of any State, to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, and alterward engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof; so_ help ine
God," or under tho pains and penalties_ of perjury,
(as the casemaybe,)orsuch person shall in like man-
ner take, subscribe, and file the following oath or
affimation: '' I, , do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I have by act of Congress of the United States
been relieved from the disabilities imposed. upon rae
by the fourteenth amendment of tho Constitution of
the United States; so help me God," or under the
pains and penalties of perjury (as the case may be)
which oaths or affirmations shall be taken before
and certified by any officer lawfully authorized to
administer oaths. And any person who_shal'l know-
ingly swear or affirm falsely in taking either of such
oaths or affirmations shall be deemed guilty of per-
jury, and shall bo punished therefor by imprison-
ment not less than one year and not more than ten
years, and shall be fined not less than $1,000 and not
more than $10,000. And in all trials for any violation
of this act thecertifieate of the taking of either of said
oathsorafiirmations.withproofofthesignatureofthe
party accused,shall betaken and held as conclusive
evidence that such oath or affirmation was regularly
and lawfully administered by competent authority:
And provided further. That every such person who
shall neglect for the period of thirty days next after
the passage of this act to take, subscribe, and file
such oath oraffirmation as aforesaid, shall be deemed
and taken to all intents and purposes to.haveva-
cated hisoffice: Andprovided further, ihatthebtate
of Texas is admitted to representation m Congress
as one of the States of the Union upon the follow-
ing fundamental conditions: First, that the con-
stitution of Texas shall never be so amended or
changed as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens
of the United States of tho right to vote who are en-
4 1st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 124.
titled to vote by the constitution herein recognized,
except as a punishment for such crimes as are now
felonies at common law, whereof they shall havo
been duly convicted under laws equally applicable
to all the inhabitants of said State: Provided, That
any alteration of said constitution prospective in its
effects may be made in regard to the time and place
of residence of voters. Second, that it shall never
be lawful for the said State to deprive any citizen of
the United States, on account of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, of the right to hold
officeundertheconstitution and laws of said State, or
upon any such ground to require of him any other
qualifications for office than such as are required of
all other citizens. Third, that the constitution of
Texas shall never be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizen or class or citizens of tho United
States of tho school rights and privileges secured by
the constitution of said State: Provided further, That
this act shall not affect in any manner the conditions
and guarantees upon which the State of Texas was
annexed and admitted as a State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield for
a moment to my colleague on the committee
from New York [Mr. Wood] to have a proviso
read for information.
Mr.WOOD. I believe that it was the under-
standing that my proviso should be offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following as an
additional proviso to the bill:
Andprovided further. That this act shall readmit
the State of Texas to all the rights of other States
within tho Union without qualification or funda-
mental conditions except as herein stated.
Mr. BECK. I believe I have a right to offer
a substitute for the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. I offer the following as a substi-
tute for the bill:
Whereas tho State of Texas has a constitution of
State government republican in form: Therefore,
Be it enacted, &c„ That the said State of Texas is
entitled to representation in tho Congress of tho
United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose now that there shall be a vote first on the
proviso of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] which is in the nature of an
amendment to the text of the bill; then on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] which is in the nature of a
substitute for the bill, and then a vote on the
bill itself. There would be no objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] except that it is utterly useless.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair will state the
order of the votes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first on Mr.
Wood's amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I presume the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow me one or two min-
utes to explain the nature of my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction has stated to the House
that there is no objection to the amendment
except that, in his judgment, it is useless. Mr.
Speaker, it is possible that a question may
hereafter be raised as to whether the act re-
ported by the committee, and which the House
may pass, was a finality in the case of Texas.
We have already passed bills identical with
this, with the exception of the proviso refer-
ring to the original act by which Texas was
annexed to the Union, in the cases of Vir-
ginia and of Mississippi, and those States have
been regularly readmitted into the Union. But
we have found recently that upon some pre-
text the reconstruction laws were not treated
as a finality in the case of Virginia and of Geor-
gia, and it is also threatened upon this floor
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] himself that Tennessee shall be put
in the same category of unreconstructed States.
Now, sir, assuming that Congress means
really what it professes, to make a final dispo-
sition now and forever of this question of recon-
struction ; that wc want this matter disposed
of; that we want these States back into the
Union and represented here, if you please, upon
any conditions that the majority of the two
Houses ot Congress see proper to impose upon
them while gentlemen upon this side of the
House deny your right to enact these laws,
while we deny your right to impose any con-
ditions whatever upon States already in the
Union and which you could not put out of the
Union, yet at the same time we are willing to
concede, for the purpose of bridging over this
difficulty and restoring peace and harmony and
prosperity to the Union, that you have the right
to pass such laws. But, sir, when you have
passed them, when you have framed your own
bills, when you have imposed your own condi-
tions, when you have incorporated into these
acts all the fundamental conditions that you see
proper to do, I want that to be a finality; I want
it to be settled so that the country, so that Con-
gress can turn its attention to other and more
important questions now pressing upon the tax-
payers and the industry and interests of the
nation. I do not want Texas to be brought
back here again by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] in a week, or a fort-
night, or next month, or next year upon some
pretense or pretext that she has violated some
fundamental condition which we have imposed
upon her. I do not believe in the doctrine
that a State can be out of the Union and in the
Union also at the same time. She is either all
in or all out; she cannot be half way in and half
way out at the same time.
Now, the object of my proviso is that the
State of Texas, when once admitted, shall be
considered as admitted upon the same terms
and with all the rights of the other States of
the Union; that she is here as a sovereign
State; that her domestic affairs shall be under
her own exclusive jurisdiction ; that the Fed-
eral Government shall have no right to inter-
fere in anything pertaining to her internal con-
dition and relations ; that so long as she has a
republican form of government, so long as
she recognizes her duties to the Government
of the United States, so long as she obeys the
laws of the United States passed in pursuance
of and not in violation of the Constitution of
the United States she is to be let alone ; she
is to send here such Representatives as she
may see proper, to elect such Governors and
Legislatures as she may see proper, and that
we shall have no power over her except in cases
of insurrection, where the Constitution pro-
vides that she may call upon the Government
of the United States for assistance to preserve
peace within her limits.
The object of my amendment is to provide
that Texas shall be in the Union under this
act with all the rights of every other State in
the Union. And so long as she complies with
the fundamental conditions which you incor-
porate into this act, then just so long you shall
have no right to interfere in her affairs. And
to prevent any possible question being raised
hereafter as to our right to interfere with the
State of Texas I have offered this proviso; and
if, as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has said, there is no objection to it, I
hope he will give me his voice in favor of its
adoption.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, a few words.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
a few minutes to explain my substitute?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me a moment.
Mr. BECK. At any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As a mere
declaration that when we admit Texas by this
bill she shall stand like every other State of
the Union, subject only to the fundamental
conditions upon which she was admitted, there
can be no objection to this proviso.^ But in
that view it is utterly useless. If it means
any more than that it does not say any more al
all. If it has any other and different construc-
tion, then that construction is not apparent.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] will not deny that there is just as much
