1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4s
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 4, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
hayden's geological survey.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives for the printing of seven
thousand extra copies of F. V. Hayden's Field
Report of Geological Survey of Colorado and
New Mexico; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a preamble and resolutions of a mass
meeting of American citizens held at Cooper
Institute, New York, on the 19th of January,
sympathizing with the people of Cuba and
asking Congress to accord them the rights of
belligerenoy, signed by the officers of that meet-
ing. The preamble and resolutions will be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. ]
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask that the proceed- j
ings of the public meeting in New York just |
laid before the Senate by the Chair be printed :
in the Globe. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that, and it is so ordered. (
The preamble and resolutions are as follows: I
Whereas the Monroe doctrine, that European
monarchies ought not to be allowed to extend their
acquisitions of territory and political power in the
American hemisphere, has become the fixed policy
of the Republic; and whereas the proximity in such
possessions of those monarchies has proved danger-
ous to our peace and safety; and whereas we hold,
with our fathers of 1776, that governments are insti-
tuted for the benefit of the governed—" the rule of the
people by the people for tho people:" Therefore,
Mesolved by the people of New York, without distinc-
tion of party, in mats meeting assembled. That the
people of the United States sympathize with the
people of Cuba who have been for more than a year
carrying on war against Spain in vindication of the
inalienable right of self-government.
Hesolved, That the time has come, in the language
of President Grant's message, "to accord the rights
of belligerency to a people struggling to free them-
selves from a Government they believe to be oppress-
ive."
Jiesolved, That our representatives, the President,
the Senate, and the House of Representatives of the
United States, be requested to proclaim in legal
form the existence of a state of belligerency between
the Cuban patriots and the Spanish nation.
Jictiolved, That a copy of these resolutions, signed
by the officers of this meeting, be sent to the Presi-
dent, and the Speakers of the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States, and that their
publication in all the journals of the Republic be
respectfully asked.
V ery respectfully, your obedient servants,
HORACE GREELEY,
JOSIAH OAKES, *"***
C. A. DANA,
G. BARRETT,
MAGNUS GROSS,
HAMILTON W. ROBINSON,
G. W.GODDARD,
Vice Presidents,
Signed ty authority of the Vice Presidents.
' ; J. M: BUNDY, ;
RICHARD KfeNT,
. > ALGERNON S. SULLIVAN,
JOHN R. FELLOWS,
Secretaries.
Sifcasa by authority of the Secretaries.
New Yoke, January 31,1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT also .presented a
petition of citizens of the United States, pray-
ing for tie abolition of the franking privilege,
and also playing Congress to pass a law bind-
ing publishers of papers, ana periodicals to
prepay the postage on. such matter, including
papers now free, in the counties where pub-
lished, thereby securing a much greater rev-
enue winch was .referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWARD! I present divers petitions
from the people of the State of Michigan) pray-
ing for the absolute and unconditional repeal
°fi1 j6 frank'ng privilege; of course including
all documents and official communications
transmitted by the President of the United
States, or to him, and thence down to the low-
est official of the Government. I will name
the localities from which they proceed, and
will not trouble the Senate further in relation
to them. One is from the county of Wayne,
Michigan ; another from Roberts's Landing, in
the same State; another from Mill Creek,
Kent county, Michigan; another from Utica,
Macomb county; another from Fair Grove,
Tuscola county, Michigan; another from Dear-
born, Wayne county; another from Otsego,
Allegan county; anotherfrom North Lansing;
three from the city of Lansing, the capital of
the State; another from Marengo, Michigan;
another from Detroit, Michigan ; anotherfrom
Batavia, Branch county; anotherfrom Cooper,
Kalamazoo county; anotherfrom Jackson,
Jackson county; and another from Mason,
Bingham county, Michigan. All of which I
move be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These petitions
are now laid on the table, the committee hav-
ing reported on the subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I move that
j they lie on the table.
] The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Demetry Mindeleff, of Washington city, Dis-
| trictof Columbia, desiring to introduce into the
Departments and Government service a cer-
tain improved writing-ink, with a view to pre-
vent erasures and alterations of public records
by chemical process; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
0. Vandenburgh, praying the passage of an act
to incorporate the New York Bay Tunnel
Company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of eight hun-
dred citizens of Buffalo, New York, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented Beveral petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a memorial of
citizens of Milwaukee engaged in iron works,
&c., remonstrating against the granting of the
petition of George H. Corliss, for the extension
of his letters-patent of March 10,1849, for im-
provements in the steam-engine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. TIPTON presented several petitions of
citizens of Nebraska, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Albert
Towle, postmaster at Beatrice, Nebraska,
praying for relief on account of a robbery of
the post office at Beatrice, Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr., SCOTT presented memorials of the
officers of the Reading Medical Association,
and^ the officers of the Berks county Medical
Society of Pennsylvania,praying the enactment
of a law conferring upon the medical officers
of the Navy such relative rank and privileges
in the service as will protect them against the
arbitrary conduct of superior officers; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs,
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a petition from
citizens of Colfax, Huntingdon county, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that there are many
abuses of the franking privilege. This petition
and numerous others which I now present come
to me under the privilege of franking. The
petitioners ask that they may no longer be
permitted to abuse this franking privilege, and
I hope Congress will grant their request. I
move that these petitions lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented
petitions from citizens of Vernon, Morristown
Strafford, Weston, and North Pomfret, Ver-
mont, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER presented four petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented several petitions
of citizens of Minnesota, praying for the aboli-
tion of the_ franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Mar-
shall Jewell and others, of Connecticut, pray-
ing that such action may be taken in confer-
ring rank on the staff officers of the Navy as
will enable them to fill their corps with such
talent as the service deserves, that the efficiency
of the Navy may be thus fully insured; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present a petition
from citizens of Illinois^ praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; and I wish to
say in connection with it, that my constituents
may understand that I do not neglect attend-
ing to these matters, that I have for several
days presented to the Secretary of the Senate
under the order of the Senate, petitions sent
to me for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege without troubling the Senate with them,
and I shall hereafter pursue that course, so
that my constituents may know that their peti-
tions are presented to the Secretary without
troubling the Senate to announce them. I
move that this petition lie on the table.
The. motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial
signed by the members of the two Houses of
the Legislature of the State of New York and
others, asking that an American line of steam-
ships, to carry the American flag, be established
to ply between Norfolk, Port Royal, and New
York, and Cadiz, Marseilles, and other Medi-
terranean ports, for the purpose of transport-
ing emigrants, passengers, and mails. I move
its reference to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present numerous peti-
tions, praying for the abolition of the practice
of franking, signed by citizens of different
Earts of the State of New York, and if I can
ave the attention of the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Ramsey] for one moment I should
be glad to make a remark. I beg to say to the
Senator from Minnesota, in presenting these
petitions, that being entitled to the floor at the
expiration of the morning hour to-dav, to pro-
ceed with the unfinished business, I shall yield
to that Senator if he will move to take up the
bill on this subject. I shall yield to a motion
to postpone the unfinished business until to-
morrow for that purpose.
Mr. RAMSEY^ I have made that effort for
several days, and I will renew it to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. It is for that reason that
I say to the Senator now that I shall yield_ to
such a motion at the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from New York, first, that I do not believe
in the propriety or justice of holding the floor
on a measure and standing here and parceling
it out to A, B, and C, day after day; and,
second, the Senate having by a vote author-
ized this day to be given to the business of the
District of Columbia, I shall make the best
effort I can to hold the Senate to its vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very much sur-
prised that the Senator from Maine should talk
about my holding the floor and parceling it
out. I have submitted at very great personal
inconvenience—because among other reasons
I have an appointment elsewhere of importance
! to me—to the convenience of other Senators j
J and I did not suppose that it would be thrown
