1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
necessity for his proviso upon every one of the
reconstructed States as there is'upon this; that
is the ground he puts it on. And as we have
not put this proviso upon any other of the
reconstructed States the committee thought
it should not be put upon this, however much
it might be a correct declaration of principle.
■Mr. WOOD. I will give the gentleman a
reason why this proviso was not incorporated
into the other reconstruction bills. It was
because it was not supposed at that time that
Congress would ever seek to overturn the acts
reconstructing the other States. Therefore, fol-
lowing and fearing the precedent established
in the case of Georgia, we desire to now pro-
vide that this act shall be a finality in the case
of Texas, as it should have been in the case
of the other States to which I have referred.
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. The diffi-
culty is that the gentleman is laboring under a
misapprehension of the facts. We proposed
last spring to do all that we have since done
in the case of Georgia, to pass an act exactly
like the one we did pass in December last.
And we have since admitted without this
proviso -two States, to wit: Virginia and Mis-
sissippi. And when Georgia was up the other
day, amongallthepropositionsthen submitted,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
did not move to add this proviso to the end of
the Farnsworth and Bingham proviso which
was passed. I suspect the true reason, if the
gentleman will pardon me for saying so, is that
he never thought of it before.
I now yield to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] that he may explain his substitute.
Jlr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield to my colleague now.
Mr. DAWES. I want to inquire of my col-
league whether he did not obtain his position
with reference to this bill by saying that there
would be no debate upon it?
Mr. BOILER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I obtained it by right.
I now yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. My only reason for offering
this substitute is that gentlemen on the Repub-
lican side who agree with me substantially in
the view which 1 take with reference to this
measure were absent this morning from the
committee; and hence I have submitted this
proposition that the House may pass upon it.
ft is precisely the same which has heretofore
been submitted to the House in the cases of
Virginiaand Mississippiby thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Btngham] and the gentlemau from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnswortil] We were this
morning called upon by the chairman of the
committee to report in favor of the admission
of Texas; and a statement, which I have no
doubt was true, was made by him that Texas
had adopted the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth constitutional amendments, and had
complied with all the terms and conditions of
every act passed by Congress relative to that
State. This being so, and there being no com-
plaint or intimation that she has ever shown
any symptoms of bad faith in reference to con-
gressional legislation, it occurred to me that
if we intend to admit her as a State on equal
terms with all the other States we ought to say
so ; our act of admission ought to contain sim-
ply that declaration.
I believe that Texas has always been a State,
and therefore these facts do not influence my
action. She has now, as everybody admits, a re-
publican form of government. Her constitution,
from whatever stand-point it may be viewed,
is all that can be required of her. In view of
these facts the State is entitled to representa-
tion in Congress. If Congress should hereafter
undertake to exercise any power over the State
in consequence of any default which she may
hereafter commit it will be upon such a case
as would justify a similar exercise of power
with regard to New York, Pennsylvania, Mas-
sachusetts, or any other State. When that
question arises, if it ever should arise, it will
present itself as an original question. Such an
exercise of jurisdiction by Congress would in-
volve a power which of course I deny, unless
the State should cease to have a republican
form of government, which I do not anticipate.
But, sir, everybody admits that the State of
Texas has complied with every condition which
has been imposed upon her, and that her con-
stitution is as thoroughly republican as that of
any State in the Union. It has always seemed
to me that every condition which Congress may
seek to impose on a State upon its admission
into the Union is void; that any State admitted
to the Union must come in upon an equality
with all the other States. Therefore 1 have
offered a substitute embracing a simple propo-
sition which, I think, should commend itself
to the judgment of gentlemen even on the
Republican side of the House. I submit it,
as I have said, because other gentlemen from
whom it might more appropriately have come,
from whom at any rate it would have had more
weight, were absent from the committee this
morning, and want this work of reconstruction
brought to an end on almost any terms, so that
with all the States represented we may turn
our attention to legitimate objects of legisla-
tion, and will therefore ask no further delay
and make no further suggestions.
I agree that the amendment of my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood,] is a good amendment, pro-
vided any conditions oughtto be imposed. But
I think the conditions as well as the amend-
ment ought to be rejected. Texas is either
entitled to representation or she is not. Every-
body, 1 believe, admits that she is so entitled ;
and J think our act of admission ought to con-
tain that simple declaration.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise for the
purpose of seeking an explanation. The con-
dition of Texas is peculiar. She was not one
of the original States, nor was she embraced
withiu the original territory of the United
States. She came into the Union in pursuance
of a treaty or compact; and in that compact,
in order to obtain her consent, wo agreed to
give her some millions of dollars, ten millions,
1 believe. We gave her large donations of pub-
lic land, and we provided also that she should
be divided into three States, thus giving her
additional representation in the Senate. Now
that she has been relieved from that bargain
altogether, and wc have been relieved from it
by a revolution, I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether this bill proposes to re-
surrender to Texas the right to be converted
into three States? What is the provision of
the bill in that respect? From its rapid read-
ing L could not well understand it.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. I will state
to the gentleman from New York that ihe bill
contains a provision that nothing in it shall
interfere with or affect the original contract in
that behalf; that it shall stand precisely where
it is. 1 now call for a vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Wood's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
■17, noes 78.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 121, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnuin, Beek,
Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin,Crebs, I>iok-
inson, Dox.Eldriclgc, Getz, Griswold, llaight, Haldc-
man, Hamill, Holman, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, May-
ham, McCormick, McKenzie, McNeely, Morgan,
Mungen.Niblack. Potter, Randall, Heading, Reeves,
llieo, llidgway, Kogers, Sohumakor, Sherrod, Slo-
cum, Stiles, Stone, Swann, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
anil Wood—49.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong,
Arncll, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Beatfcy, Benjamin,
Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, BaiBnton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb
Co burn, Conger, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Duval,
Ela, Ferriss, Perry, Finkolnburtr, Fisher, GarfieW,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton,
Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Keteham, Laflin, Logran, Loughridge,
Lyncli, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew,
McKee, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Pe-
ters,Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Hoots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Sclienck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sholdon, John A. Smith,William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tillman, Townsend,
Twiohell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker.
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Winans—121.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, _ Ayer, Bailey,
Banks,Beaman, Bennett,Benton, Bingham, Bowen,
Cleveland, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Davis, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, JJarnsworth, Fitch,
Fox, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale, Hambleton, Hays,
Hoge, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Knapp, Lash,
Lawrence, Marshall, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore, Morrissey, Negley, Phelps, Piatt, Porter,
Joseph S. Smith, Strader, Sweeney, Tanner, Van
Wyck,Winchester, Witcher, and Woodward—50.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr. Beck's
substitute, which was again read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 105, not voting
63 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messi s.Adams, Archer, Book, Biggs, Bird,
Blair, James Brooks, Barr, Calkin, Dickinson,
Dockery, Dox, Eldridee, Parnsworth, Getz, Uris-
wold, llaight, lialdenian, Hainill. Hawkins, Hay,
Holman, J ohnson, Kerr, ICnott, Mayham, McCor-
mick, McKenzie, McNeely,Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Ridg-
way, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Stiles,
Stone, Swann, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells,EugeneM. Wilson, and Wood—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Boles, Booker, Boyd, GcorgeM. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buflinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Cook. Conger, Covode, Donley, Du-
val, Kerriss, Ferry, Finkclnburg, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawley, Heaton, Hellm, Hill, Hoar, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Alexander!!. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Loughridge, Lvncil, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, Mclvee, William Moore, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Saiauel P. Morrill, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy,
Prosser, Roots, Sanlord, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, AVilliam J. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes,Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Tail'e, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn,WilliamB. Washburn,Wolker. Wheeler.
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and Winans—105.
NOT YOTENG—Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Bailey,
Barnum. Bennett, Ben tun, Bingham, Bowen, Bureh-
ard, Cake, Churchill, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon, Dyer, Ela, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale, Hambleton, Hays, Hoge.
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
Keteham, Knapp, Lntl.:n, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
Marshall, Mercur, Milnes, EliakimII.Moore, Jesso
H. Moore, Morrissey, Piatt,Porter, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Strader, Sweeney,
Tanner, Van Wyek, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
Witcher, and Woodward—03.
So the substitute was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and It was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 129, nays 45, not voting
40; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
ncll, Aspcr, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Beaman, Leatty, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,- Buckley,
bufimton, Burchard, Burdett,BenjaminF. Butler,
lloderick H. Lutler,Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Bockery, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth,
1 crriss, Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield, Ilale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Heflin,
Hill. Hoar, Iogersoll, JTenckes, Alexander H.Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Keteham,
Laflin, Logan, Iiou£?hridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCar-
thy, Morrow, Mcltee, McKenzie, William Moore,
Morphis. Baniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers. Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine,Perce, Peters, Phelps,Poland, Pomeroy,Pros-
ser, llidgway, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer-
