1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
Sehenck, Scofield.Shanks.Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A.Smith, WilliamJ. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Sweeney, Taffe, Tillman, Townsend, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader G.
Washburn, William B.Washburn,Welker,Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Winans—129. •
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer.Beck,Biggs,Bird,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Dickinson, Dox, Eld-
ridge, Greta, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hamill,
Holman, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Mayham, McCor-
mick, McNeely, Morgan, Niblack, Potter, Randall,
Heading, Keeves, Rice, Eogers, Schumaker, Sher-
rod, Slocum, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Jurimble,
Van Aukcn, Van Trump. Voorhees, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, and Wood—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Axtcll, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Cleveland,Clin ton L.Cobb, Cpwles
Cox.Crebs, Davis.Dickey, Dixon,Dyer.Ela,Fisher,
Fox,Gibson, (jilfillan.Hambleton, Hawkins. Hays,
lloge,Hooper, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Knapp,
Lash, Lawrence, Marshall, MeCrary, Mereur,
Milnes, Eliakim II.Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Palmer, Piatt, Porter, Joseph S.
Smith, Tanner, Van Wyck, Winchester, Witeher,
and "W oodward—46.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CEEBS said: I desire to state that I
have paired with Mr. Cobb, of North Caro-
lina. Had that gentleman been present he
would have voted "ay," and I would have
voted "no."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to ^consider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 191)
appropriating to the widow and children of the
late E. M. Stanton, for their use, a sum equal to
one year's salary of an associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 558) to incorporate
the National Bolivian Navigation Company;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended. and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the deficiencies
appropriation bill; and pending that motion
I move that at half past four the Committee of
the Whole take a recess until half past seven.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand a division of
the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not have
put the question without dividing it.
The question was put on the motion that the
Committee of the Whole take a recess till
half past seven.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
88, noes 41.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes nine-
teen, noes not counted; not one fifth of a
quorum voting affirmatively.
So tellers were refused.
Mr. Dawes's motion, that the Committee
of the Whole take a recess, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Pending the motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee^ of the
Whole on the deficiencies appropriation bill
I move that all debate upon the pending para-
graph be closed in one half minute.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
91, noes 22.
So the motion to close debate on the pend-
ing paragraph in one half minute was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Dawes's
motion, that the rules be suspended and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the deficiencies appropriation bill.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
101, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before the House goes
into Committee of the Whole, the Chair will sub-
mit certain executive communications.
atlantic and pacific railroad company.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report of the Secretary of
the Interior, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 10th instant,
calling for information in regard to the Atlan-
tic and Pacific Railroad Company; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
bounties.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a memorial of sol-
diers of the regular Army who were in the ser-
vice at the commencement of the late war, to
be placed on the same footing with regard to
bounties as soldiers who enlisted during the
progress of the war; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printsd.
william britt.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a report from the Secre-
tary of War, in compliance with a request of
the Committee of Claims, in relation to the
claim of William Britt for supplies taken by
the United States troops in Tennessee; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
is not necessary that there be an order to print
these papers.
department of education.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, asking for an appropri-
ation of $427 78 to pay for the use of the
second story of the building corner of G and
Eighth streets, in this city, by the then Depart-
ment of Education, from November 12, 1868,
until April 16,1869; also for the sum of $500for
compensation of persons employed in prepar-
ing documents for the use of the Bureau of
Education, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
st. mary's falls siiu'-canal.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House dated March 1, 1870, requesting
him to communicate to this House the report
or reports of General T. J. Cram respecting
the improvementof St. Mary's Falls ship-canal,
together with any other information in his pos-
session regarding such improvement; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
marine hospitals.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, asking for an appropria-
tion of $230,000 to meet the current expend!
tures on marine hospitals; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
military reservation at fort kearny.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, informing the House that the Uni-
ted States military reservation at Fort Kearny,
on the Missouri river, in the State of Iowa, is
no longer required; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
custom-house at wiscasset.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the super-
vising architect of the Treasury jn relation to
an appropriation for grading, paving, and fenc-
ing around the custom-house at Wiseasset,
Maine; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
virginia water communication.
The SPEAKE R also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Gov-
ernor of West Virginia, transmitting a memo-
rial and resolutions adopted by the Legislature
of that State in reference to more direct water
communication from the West to the Atlantic
sea-board through the States of .Virginia and
West Virginia; which was referred to th«
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
territorial penitentiaries.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House'a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to an act of
Congress entitled "An act setting aside certain
proceeds from internal revenue for the erection
of penitentiaries in the Territories of Nebraska,
Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Ari-
zona,and Dakota," approvedJanuary22,1867;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
expedition against piegan indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House adopted March 3, 1870, request-
ing him to communicate to this House such
information as he may have relative to the late
expedition against the Piegan Indians in the
Territory of Montana, transmitting the report
of Brevet Colonel Baker, United States Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
fort dakota reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War. for the information of
the Committee on the Public Lands, in relation
to the United States reservation at FortDakota,
in the Territory of Dakota; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
national asylum for disabled soldiers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the annual'report of
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pacific railroads.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to the
following resolution, adopted by the House Jan-
uary 26, 1870 :
"Sesolved, That the honorable the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to furnish to this House, at his
earliest convenience, a full and detailed statement
of the amount of accruing interest which the gov-
ernment of the United States bas been compelled to
paym discharge of its guaranteeon the bonds issued
by the Government to the Union Pacific llailroad
Company, the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
and their respective branchesand auxiliary road?;
also, the amount, of interest, if any, paid by said
roads on said bonds: also, the amountoi govern-
ment freight in tons, and the gross amount ot charges
thereon, transported by the (Government over &aia
roads and their respective branches as atoresaici
since said roads have been opened tor transport-
ation, and the rate of charge per ton per mile which
said roads have charged the Governnent tor trans
porting such freight as aforesaid ; also, the rate per
mile of fare wev ccipitu which said roads havech&rgeft
theGovernment tor the transportation oi troops over
said roads and their branches; also, to give the rea-
sons, if any, why the amount of Government bonds
so issued to said companies as aforesaid have oeen
withdrawn from the official periodical statements oi
the public debt of the country; also, if the means or
such information are within the Department, tolur-
K a full and complete list of all^hestoekho,de 
in said Union and Central Pacific Ratlroa4 Oouipa
nies; the amount of stock held in trust by third pe
sons, the names of such trustees, and the names oi
the persons for whose benefit such stock is so he d u
trust: the amount of stock held by each stockholder,
whether in trust or otherwise; the amount eaon
stockholder has paid upon his stock, and tae balanco
yet due and unpaid thereon.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and or er
be printed.
fort brown military RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also, by
laid before the House a communication fiovn
