1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2915
Mr. RANDALL. I would «k the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] to accept
my amendment, or to include it in his amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I cannot ac-
cept that proposition for the reason that the
duty now imposed upon ends, clippings, and
panellings is $8 per ton.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that is too low.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schexck] proposed to reduce it to $6
or $7 per ton. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.,] to
increase, it to $11 20 per ton fixes the duty
too hifth. And the proposition of the bill to
make it $22 -10 per ton is too high. I propose
to go back to the rate established by the pres-
ent law.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is now exhausted.
.Mr. LOGAN. I will withdraw my amend-
ment if it can be renewed.
Mr. COBURN. 1 renew the amendment.
I think the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is a fair one. In
framing this law we want to provide against
evasions and frauds. It is no advantage to the
consumer to be able to buy an article that has
been brought into the country by evasion, by
some process similar to smuggling. It is
always better for the consumer that there
should be a fair and square duty, well defined
and well understood all over the land. We
desire to fcave a gain to the revenue; and we
desire also, it seems to me, if we reduce the
rate of duty, to enable the consumer to obtain
his article at a lower price. If we so arrange
this tariff that there is a question or doubt
as to whether these euds, clippings, and punch-
ing# can be admitted as scrap iron, or old iron,
or anything of that kind; if by any possible
construction a way can be ibnnd by which these
punchlngs and clippings and ends can be
brought in at a lower rate of duty, it is to be
presumed that the consumer will not get any
benefit from it, but the man who perpetrates
the evasion or the frand upon the Govern-
ment will reap the benefit, if any. There-
fore I say it is proper to make an explicit
declaration in regard to every one of these
items, if we can do so. I would say that
this class of iron upon which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ranuall] wishes to
impose a duty of one half of one cent per
pound should be designated in the law as hav-
ing that specific duty placed upon it, and not
allow it to slip in under the name of waste iron,
or refuse iron, which under this paragraph is
fixed at $6 per ton. I think that a duty of 1
cent per pound is too much, and that on the
other hand the rate for scrap, refuse, and waste
is too low. The amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] which i have re-
newed, is also a proper one, for it designates
certain kinds of iron which may be cut np or
chopped np into shape for the purpose of being
worked into tools, &c. That class ofiron should
also be specifically named so that the officers
charged with collecting the revenue may at once
determine the duty upon it without trouble.
We should notstuliify ourselves as to this mat-
ter, and while we fix a rate for pig and scrap
iron at $5 and $6 a ton, put a much more valu-
able class of wrought iron at the same rate,
nnless we go to the opposite extreme from pro-
tection and discriminate to destroy instead of
to protect.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment. I oppose it because I think
the duty upon the whole class of iron named
in this paragraph is not only too high but is
higher than that class of iron pays under the
existing tariff. The paragraph provides that—
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other
fo-m«, including ends, clippings, and punching of
new iron, le^s finished than bars and more advanced
than pi % iron, except castings, 1 cent per ponnd.
This, T think, is an extravagant rate of duty.
Under the present law, as will be found by a
reference to the tables appended to the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue, j
bar iron itself, not more than six inches wide
nor more than two inches thick, is admitted at I
1 cent per pound. Yet this bill, purporting
to be a reduction of the tariff, a bill whereby,
as thechairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has announced, a reduction of over
$20,000,000 is to be made, proposes in fact an
increase of the tariff in this respect. Iron less
finished than bar iron, but more advanced than
pig iron, is to pay a duty of 1 cent per pound,
or $22 40 per ton; while under the existing law
all bar iron rolled or hammered, not exceeding
six inches in width and two incheB in thickness,
comes in at that rate. Thus the less advanced
article is to pay under this bill the same rate
of duty that bar iron now pays.
1 desire to make one further remark. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Randall] imposing a duty of half a
cent per pound on ends, clippings, and punch-
ings should prevail, it will be made a reason
for an advance of duty upon other classes of
iron when we reach them, on the ground that
the latter are more valuable. Thus we may be
drawn into a general increase of duty on all
classes ofiron.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark ?
Mr. BECK. Certainly. If I am mistaken
I want to be corrected.
Mr. MAYNARD. The present law, I read
from it, provides that—
"All iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
less finished than iron in bars and more advanced
than pig iron, except castings,shall bo rated as iron
in bars, and pay a duty accordingly."
Mr. BECK. If the iron is less finished, is
it not worth less?
Mr. MAYNARD. That is not the point to
which 1 was directing the gentleman's atten-
tion. He said that in this bill we are propos-
ing to raise the present rate of duty. I am
trying to show him that in this respect (his bill
corresponds precisely with the present law.
Mr. BECK. In looking over the table em-
braced in the report of theSpecial Commissioner
of the Revenue I do not find specifically enumer-
ated any such thing as iron less finished than
bar iron, but find that bar iron rolled or ham-
mered, not exceeding six inches in width and
two inches in thickuess, pays a duty of 1 cent
per pound; and I say that the class of iron
now under consideration must be less valuable.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to correct a
remark which I just made. I am reminded by
one of my colleagues on the committee that I
made my statement rather too broad. As the
law now stands a portion of the bar iron comes
in at a duty of 1 cent per pound, and another
portion at 1J cent per pound. Blooms, slabs,
&c., are rated as bar iron without any distinction.
Mr. BECK. But the class of iron provided
for in this paragraph, which is less finished
than b r iron and more advanced than pig,
must be of less value than bar iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is under a
misapprehension. I hold in my hand the
present law, not an abstract from it, to which
the gentleman has been referring. By this law
bar iron is classed as of two kinds, according
to size, one kind coming in at 1 cent per pound
and the other at 1£ cent. Then there is this
proviso:
" Provided, That all iron in slabs, blooms, loops,
or other forms less finished than iron in bars and
more advanced than pig iron, except castings, shall
be rated as iron in bars, and pay a duty accordingly."
Thus, under the existing law, one class of
bar iron pays 1 cent per pound and another
class 1£ cent per pound, according to size.
And we put it all down together, no matter
what the size is, at 1 cent. We have selected
the lowest class, which is 1 cent, and put all
these at that; whereas under the present law,
according to size, it may come in at 1 cent or
cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chnir desires to
stato the position of the question. From the
confusion in the Hall lie is unable to ascertain
at the time the purport of amendments, ami
can only examine them when they are brought
up to the Clerk's desk. Neither the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] nor the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is
germane to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] which is to
strike out. They are ruled out for the pres-
ent, and the question is consequently upon the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. H0LMAN. I move the following as a
substitute for the entire paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms less
finished than bars and more advanced than pig iron,
except eastings, $15 per ton ; and ou clippings and
punching* of new iron, SlU per ton.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enter-
tain no other question until action of the com-
mittee has been had on the amendment of tho
gentleman from New York |^Mr. Brooks] to
strike out. That id the pending question and
must first be voted ou.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 37, noes 52; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks of New
York, and Mr. Maynauu.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 03, noes CO.
So the amendmeut was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Logan's
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentlem&a
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. ALLISON. 1 wish to move an amend-
ment to the original paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enter-
tain the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move to strike out in line
three hundred and twenty-eight " 1 cent per
pound" and insert " $18 a ton." Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the three paragraphs on iron which
follow, affecting the ordinary forms of iron:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
iacludingemU,clippings, andpunchingsof new iron,
less finished than bars, and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, 1 cent per pound.
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, (comprising flat
bars,) not less than one and a half nor more than four
inches wide, nor less than half an inch, nor more than
two inches thick, 1 ccnt per pound.
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, comprising flat
bars less than one and a half inch, or more than four
inches wide, and less than one half of an inch, and
not less than three eighths of an inch thick; and on
iron bars, rolled or hammered, more than two inched
thick, 1« cents per pound.
I desire to give notice, before this paragraph
is passed from, that I shall move to strike out
all of this paragraph and the two following
paragraphs, and in lieu thereof insert a sub-
stitute which I will send to the Clerk's desk.
What iscomprised in these three paragraphs
is in the existing law included in a single para-
graph, and what was the object of putting into
three paragraphs what was included in one ?
I desire to call the attention of the committee
to the real object in these three paragraphs.
It is to increase the duty on one class of iron.
It is true, in the third paragraph they have
reduced the duty one quarter of one cent per
pound ; but at the same time they have reduced
the classification so as to bring within narrower
limits the iron which will pay H cents per
pound, and place in another class iron which
will pay 1J and If cents per pound. What I
want is to prevent confusion among iron deal-
ers and iron importers and iron consumers on
this subject, so that they will understand what
particular kind of iron pays a particular duty
as they now understand it under the existing
law.
The present duty upon the class of iron
