3860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
shipping were destroyed, and eight hundred
and three thousand three hundred and three
tons took refuge, by reason of fear of capture
and the high rate of insurance, under the
British flag hy a British registry.
Now, sir, so far as these facts are concerned,
it is true that as the shipping destroyed could
not be regained, and that which sought the
British flag could not by our navigation laws
be again, registered in this country, that was
an absolute loss to American shipping of nine
hundred and nineteen thousand four hundred
and sixty-six tons, as stated by the committee.
As by our laws no foreign-built vessel can
receive an American registry; and the amount
of nine hundred and nineteen thousand four
hundred and sixty-six tons were actually ab-
stracted from American shipping, there would
naturally, at the close of the war, have been
an increased demand for American-built ves-
sels, and a new impetus given to ship building
to supply the deficiency. These causes alone,
it is clear, would naturally have tended to in-
crease sliip-building, not to have diminished it,.
It 13 undoubtedly true that at the close of
(ho war the amount of American tonnage—
our ships afloat, engaged in foreign commerce—
was diminished, but I deny that the loss of so
much of our shipping at that time has had any
tendency to the gradual diminution of our ton-
nage and ship-building from that time to this.
I do not see any sufficient reason for saying
that that loss, six, seven, or eight years ago,
is the cause of the decline of our foreign com-
mercial marine from that time to its near anni-
hilation to-day.
Six years and over have elapsed since the
close of the war. Had there not been some
other cause it would have been rebuilt and
• increased long before this. The facts, oven
those stated by the committee, show that there
must have been some other overwhelmingly
depressing influence that has been gradually
crushing out these great and truly American
jmrbuiis and interests since then. The real
cause of all this is shadowed forth by the com-
mittee iti one part of their report, but so faintly,
in such language as scarcely to attract atten-
tion. They say:
"Bat the disastrous effects of thcwavdidnotconso
with the return of peace. They were rather aggra-
vated by tho burdens of taxation which tho war had
left LuinuMHi upon nit tho industries of tho country,
hut which operated with peculiar hardship upon
this particular interest, inasmuch as it is subjected
to tho unrestricted competition of untaxed foreign
rivals, and this competition must be mot not only at
homo in our own ports, but in all parts of tho world."
"Taxation." It is the duties, tho high prices
caused by the tariff imposed by this Govern-
ment on ail the articles entering into the con-
struction and requisite for the equipment and
running of vessels. So long as these duties
nre continued no vessels can be built in the
United States to compete with other nations
in the foreign carrying trade.
The special committee have done a service
to tho country. They have taken the evidence
upon this subject faithfully, honestly, fairly;
they have examined tho builders of iron,
•wooden, and composite vessels at New York,
Philadelphia, Boston, Portland, and other
places, as well as the principal owners of ves-
sels engaged in foreign trade, men of the best
minds, and having the most information upon
the subject. Xhey have obtained, through the
consuls and otherwise, the cost and niauuer of
building vessels on the Clyde and other places
in Europe. That evidence is iu tho bound
volume before us, and is most interesting and
instructive. It should be read by every busi-
ness man in the country. That evidence shows,
if it shows anything, that no vessels can be
built in this country to compete with British
built vessels in the foreign trade, so long as
the present duties are continued on iron enter-
ing into the construction of either wooden or
iron ships, and that this has been the main
cause of the decline in ship-building. Many
of the ship-builders say, " Relieve us from this
burden and we will compote with England in
buildingboth wooden and iron vessels while
the majority say, "Take off the tax'upon all
the articles requisite to build, equip, and run
our vessels, and it is all we ask."
The difference in the price of labor in this
country and Europe is not regarded. They say
the skill and ability of our mechanics will make
up for that, and such was the statement the other
day of the gentleman from New York city,
who has practical knowledge upon this sub-
ject, and who made us so good a practical and
common-sense speech on this subject. Neither
is there so much difference in the expense of
running ours as compared with foreign vessels,
as will be seen and as the evidence shows.
When the ship is once afloat on the ocean she
procures her coal and other supplies as cheaply
here and in foreign ports as foreign vessels,
and can be as advantageously repaired. It}
these respects they are substantially equal.
The great obstructions at the threshold are the
duties on the articles of construction, chiefly
on those of iron, increasing the cost to the
American builder over those of Europe, as
shown by close estimation, from twenty-live
to fifty per cent., according to the description
of the vessel, and enhancing the outlay of the
purchaser and ship-owner to that amount.
To show this I refer to the evidence of
Messrs. Smith, Gibbons, Hicken, Ewell, Hey-
den, Nesmith, Rowland, and others, iron and
wooden ship-builders and owners, pages 80,
ltiO, 11, 8, 2, 63, 10, and 20, taken by the com-
mittee. A few engaged in the business—mostly,
I believe, in Boston—ask additional aid, which
is quite natural; but by far the majority, and
those most deeply interested in the business,
ask simply to be set free, to have the iron
weight taken off, which, placed upon them by
the Government in tho interest of iron manu-
facturers, has sunk them and their business, and
prevents a revival. The cause being apparent,
what is the remedy? The committee, in their
bill, among others, propose two, as desired by
some interested, and which deserve consider-
ation.
In the third section they propose that the
Government pay out of the Treasury from a
tax on the people an annual subsidy or pen-
sion of so much per ton to all vessels, as pro-
vided in the third section. This additional
burden upon the overtaxed people would seem
to bo a sufficient objection to this provision,
and which all can appreciate. But there are
others still more objectionable. It is proposed
here for the first time to inaugurate this new
system of special legislation of protection to a
particular class at the expense of the whole
people, and when this is once foisted upon us
we shall never get rid_o_f it. Wo shall be told
next year that the subsidies are not large enough
to enable them to compete with foreign ship-
ping; that we have induced them to embark in
the business and they must either sink or
receive more assistance. We shall have their
lobby hero on this floor and the whole pressure
of that interest united with others to influence
legislation; and so it will continue from year
to year, from bad to worse.
Having once commenced in this .direction
there is no limit, no line of demarkation. You
may continue, on the same theory, to increase
the subsidies, and then extend to other kinds
of business aad interests in distress. It is con-
trary to the theory of our Government, and, I
believe, m violation of constitutional rights,
thus to tax the people for the benefits a class.
I oppose it in the interest of those for whose
benefit it is designed. The ship-builders and
ship-owners oan never restupon afirm founda-
tion so long as it is continued. They will always
depend upon the whim of Congress to increase,
decrease, or discontinue the subsidies, and will
be compelled to take care of legislation upon
the subject. I am opposed to all such legisla-
tion. Let commerce and ship-owners and ship-
builders bo free, and let them take care of them-
selves, and they will do it without bounties.
It has been repeatedly declared here that
England and France granted subsidies to their
shipping. I do not understand this to be so.
It would be strange legislation to tax the nation
to continually pension one interest. They sim-
ply pay such of their vessels as carry their mails,
in some cases it may be liberally. We have
done the same, and I presume we should be
willing to cohtinue to do so.
The second provision of the first section of the
act, or that contained in the proviso, is liable to
the same objections as the third section, and for
substantially the same reasons with some others.
It pro vides that where American material is used
inconstructingiron, steel, or composite vessels,
there shall be paid to the builder, out of the
Treasury of the United States, a sum equal to
the duties on similar articles when imported.
This will cause a continued draft upon the
Treasury and impose a tax on the people to the
amount of from twenty to one hundred and
twenty-five per cent, on most of the articles
used in ship-building; and this, witlj the money
subsidies provided for in the third section, will
be found to be a heavy drain upon the public
Treasury. It will be seen that not a dollar of
this ever gets back into the national Treasury,
for precisely the amount which the Government
pays the ship-builder is handed over by him
to the iron or other manufacturer, on account
of the additional cost of the iron by the tariff.
It is well known by every gentleman on this
floor, and by every well informed man in the
country, that an entire change has been going
on within a few years past in ship-building;
that iron ships can only be successfully built
and used in ocean navigation ; that, m conse-
quence of improvements in machinery and late
experience, an iron vessel, if the duties are
taken off the iron, can be built as cheaply as
a first-class wooden vessel, and that the iron
vessel will last twice as long and is worth tv/ice
as much as the wooden. If the increased price
of iron entering into the construction of ves-
sels is paid by the Government, it seems appar-
ent that we shall build iron vessels, not only for
our foreign trade, but for the river, lake, and
coastwise navigation, as well as for the South
American States.
The adoption of this provision appears to
me a measure which will tax the people of the
United States to the amount of from twenty
to fifty per cent, on the gross amount of all
vessels which shall be built in the United States,
which will simply pass through the hands of
theship-buildersinto the hands of the iron man-
ufacturers and for their interests. .It is a tax
on the people which will go to the iron interest
in the main beyond question.
There is another point as to this, tho most
objectionable provision in the bill. This provis-
ion is only applicable to iron, steel, and com-
posite vessels. It has no reference to and gives
no aid to the numerous ship-yards in the Uni-
ted States employed in building ships, schoon-
ers, sloops, and other vessels of wood, which
it is well known are heavily taxed, by reason
of the heavy duties on iron and other articles
entering into theireonstruetion. While it.gives
no aid to this class, it so materially aids and
tends to build up their competitors, the iron
and composite ship-builders, that the business
of the former will be materially decreased if
not destroyed.
The true remedy would seem to be plain;
that is, take off the duties upon articles enter-
ing into the construction of vessels, mainly
those upon articles of iron and steel.
It is somewhat remarkable that the majority
of the committee—I do not mean all—who
have reported this bill, and who have become
so fully posted as to the facts, should (as I
believe it will be found) have voted to raise or
keep up the duties on iron and steel. Bat the
committee have done a good service, have
reported some good provisions in their bill,
and invited examination and discussion as to
the others; and the matter is fairly open for
themselves or others to devise further expe-
dients.
