4804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 24, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no Senator who
desires to listen to the minutes, and as time is
valuable, I suggest that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and the reading of the Journal will be dis-
pensed with.
house bills.
The bill (H. R. No. 2104) providing for
refunding the interest paid by the State of
Massachusetts on money expended by her on
account of the war of 1812-15 was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. As that matter has already
been considered by the Committee on Foreign
Relations, I ask that the bill take its place on
the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. And I move that it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
already been ordered to be printed. It will
be placed on ths Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 253) authorizing
the allowance of the claim of the State of Min-
nesota to lands for the support of a State uni-
versity.
Mr. RAMSEY. I see the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands is here ; and I
suggest to him that we had better pass that bill
now. The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] has the matter particularly in charge.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have it
lie on the table for a few moments until the
Senator from Oregon comes in who has the
matter in charge.
«The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
withdraw it for the present.
COMMODORi! S. B. BISSELL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) for the relief
of Commodore S. B. Bissell.
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives were in line four, after the name
"S. B. Bissell," to insert the words "and
Commander John C. Carter;" in line five to
strike out the word "he" and insert "they,-"
and also to amend the title of the joint resolu-
tion by adding thereto "and Commodore John
C. Carter."
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of those
amendments; but I think that there is another
one that ought to be made, covering the same
principle. I have seen the law odicer of the
Navy Department, who has promised to send
me down a note to day on (he subject. If it
is a similar case it ought to go in this resolu-
tion; if not, we can pass the resolution as
amended by the House.
The VIpE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
withdraw it for the present.
i'koposkd rbckss.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate at
half past four o'clock to-day take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being the
alternate day referred to in the resolution here-
tofore passed by the Senate, the Senator from
West Virginia moves that the Senate at half
past four o'clock take a recess until half past
seven o'clock..
The motion was agreed to.
1'ktmons and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of whole-
sale liquor-dealers of St. Paul, Minnesota,
asking that the internal revenue laws be so
amended as to relieve them from the oppressive
manner of collecting present taxes, and that
hereafter all distilled spirits pay at the place
of distillation as all foreign liquors pay at the
port of entry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers of the
war of 1812; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. FENTON. I present a memorial of the
Union League Club of New York, in the form
of a series of resolutions adopted at their last
regular meeting a few days ago, upon the sub-
ject of the abolishmentof the income tax and
matters relating to the tariff and internal rev-
enue taxation generally, which I move may be
received and laid on the table, as the Finance
Committee have reported on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON also presented a petition of
wholesale dealers in coifee and teas of Roches-
ter, New York, praying that the reduction of
duty on those articles may not take effect until
the stock oil hand upou which the duty has
been paid shall have been consumed ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WARNER presented tlie petition of C.
B. Ferrell, of Montgomery, Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of D. M.
White, of Mississippi, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. GILBERT presented the memorial of
the Florida Telegraph Company, praying the
right to construct and maintain a submarine
telegraph from the shores of Florida to the
West India Islands, in opposition to the exclu-
sive privilege claimed by the International
Ocean Telegraph Company; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oil Foreign Relations.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
William II. Kendrick, of Okelumpkee, Sum-
ter county, Florida, piaying for the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of the heirs of the late Captain
W. Dorsctt, of Prince George's county, Mary-
land, praying for the passage of the French
spoliation bill; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania in relation to the
income tax ; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. STEWART presented a petition of citi-
zens of Mineral Ilill, Nevada, praying the
establishment of a daily mail from that place
northward to tiie nearest point on the Cen-
tral Paeitic railroad, and southward to several
places within that State named in the petition;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Joseph R. Warren and Albert G. Pritchett, of
Virginia, praying the removal of iheir polit-
ical disabilities: which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
John A. Campbell, of Kentucky, piaying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee ou the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
kiu'okts op committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2082) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June SO, 3871, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
lie aiso, irom the Committee on Military Af-
faiis, to whom the subject was referred, reported
abill (S. No. 1012) fortherelief of the National
Homestead at Gettysburg for the orphans of
soldiers and sailors of the United States ; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 am directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2062) to require
national banks going into liquidation to retire
their circulating notes, to report it back ; and
as the Senate have heretofore passed a bill of
precisely the same character, I ask that it be
put upon its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of a bill reported from
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the bill ?
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H, R. No. 2062)
to require national banks going into liquida-
tion to retire their circulating notes.
Mr. CONKLING. When was it reported ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator from
Vermont would let it lie over for the present.
I should like to look at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2106) to amend the laws
regulating the assessments of taxes in the city
of Washington, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. The same committee, to
whom were referred resolutions of the aldermen
and common councilmen of the city of Wash-
ington remonstrating against the appointment
of commissioners for the government of the
city ; and also a bill (S. No. 207) to establish
a probate court in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes; and abill (S. No. 322)
to establish a probate court in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes; and a bill
(8. No. 753) relating to buildings in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, and for
other purposes, have directed me to report
them back and ask that the committee be dis-
charged from their further consideration, all
the subjects but one having been acted upon
by the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom were referred a
message of the President of the United States
calling attention to what is known as the Chinese
indemnity fund, and also petitions from citizens
of the United States on tho same subject, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 227) directing-the return of
certain moneys to the Government of China.
The joint resolution was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1010) for the relief of Hiram A. Cutting,
asked to be discliaiged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (H. R. No. 2281) for the
relief of Mrs. Jane A. Green, of Aurora, Illi-
nois ; the bill (II. R. No. 1537) for the relief
of Richard P. Spencer, and the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 139) for the relief of Naomi
A. Stevens, of Jackson county, Michigan,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
' sideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. 0S130RN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1007) granting land to aid in the construc-
tion ot the Suwannee «nd Inland Railroad
Company, in the State o? Florida, reported it
without amendment
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 46)
