2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
included in this paragraph—slabs, blooms,
loops, &c., 011 which my amendment proposes
to make the duty $18 per ton—is $22 40 per ton.
Now,thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
made, I think, a reasonable suggestion when
he stated that in the very nature of things iron
in slabs, blooms, or loops mast be of less value
than rolled or hammered iron, and should there-
fore bear a less rate of duty. It is true that
under existing laws it is classified at the same
rate. But this inferior iron should only, in my
judgment, pay a duty of $18 per ton; and I
would include at the same rate the class of iron
included in the succeeding paragraph, namely:
Iron bars, rolled or hammered, (comprising flat
bars.) not less than one and a half nor more than
four inches wide, nor less than half an inch nor more
than two inches thick.
Now, we have reduced in this Committee of
the Whole the duty on pig iron from $9 a ton
to $5. We have therefore reduced the cost of
producing slabs, blooms, and loops, because
they ore produced from pig iron. And I sub-
mit to the committee that having thus reduced
the duty on the lower form, we should make
some reduction On this form of iron. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] has offered
a substitute by which he proposes to reduce
the duty to $15 a ton. That was the exact
rate of duty by the protective tariff of 1861.
By the legislation of 1802 that was increased
to $17 a ton. Now I propose to give this in-
terest $1 per ton more than the legislation of
1862 gave it. I only propose to reduce the
duty $4 40 per ton, and I make the amend- ,
ment in good faith, believing that this interest ;
can bear this reduction, and believing that the !
consumers deserve this reasonable reduction, '
inasmuch as we have reduced the duty on pig !
and scrap iron. j
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, it will very 1
much facilitate matters when we are legislat-
ing upon any proposition of this kind, that the
whole facts should be presented to the com-
mittee—many gentlemen probably who have
not had their attention especially attracted to
the matter not being familiar with the rates i
of duty as they now exist. My colleague from
Iowa on the committee [Mr. Allison] says, 1
treating of this first class—and it will be time, :
I suppose, to consider the other paragraph !
when we come to it—treating of this first-class
iron in "slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,"
that the present rate of duty is $22 40 per ton,
that is 1 cent per pound, exactly what the ;
Committee of Ways and Means propose to con- i
tinue it at; and that it covers that extent and |
no more, the words "ends, clippings, and |
pnnchings" being taken out of the paragraph.
Now, the gentleman only states part of the ,
fact in regard to the matter. The present pro-
vision of law is contained, as the gentleman
says, all in one paragraph, but each portion of
the paragraph is entirely distinct from the other.
That is a matter of the taste of the printer as
much as anything else. It constitntes three
classes—on bar iron over certain sizes 1 cent
per pound, on bar iron under those sizes one
quarter of a cent per ponnd, and then the iron
in " slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms less
finished than iron bars and more advanced than
pig iron, exceptcastings," is rated as iron bars
and pays accordingly; that is these "slabs,
blooms, loops, &o.," shall pay just as bars;
some of them pay $22 40 per ton, and others
$33 60 per ton, the duty being rated on some
at 1 cent per pound, and on others at If cents
per ponnd ; and the Committee of Ways and
Means, the gentleman will do us the credit
to observe, have pnt them all at 1 per cent
pound.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means claim that
•"slabs, loops, and blooms" ever come within
the smaller sizes of the classification in the
existing law ? They are always larger than the
second classification, and therefore under the
existing law pay only 1 cent a pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I apprehend that the gen-
tleman is mistaken in saying that they are
always large. That they generally are I am
ready to admit. We are speaking of the law
as it is, as well as the practical application of
the law; and I say that the law as it is puts all
these things at either $22 40 or $33 60, as the
case may be, according to their size. There
is but little of this kind of article that comes
in at $33 60, because there is little of it made.
Yet the door is open under the law for bring-
ing in either one or the other. The probabil-
ity is that if that distinction were not made,
and if the smaller forms might come in at the
lower rate of duty, a great deal more would
come in in the smaller forms. They prefer the
larger forms now because they only pay two
thirds as much duty; but we propose to leave
open no temptation to adopt only the larger
forms, but to make all pay what the larger
forms of wrought iron and bar iron pay, and
all pay precisely the same rate of duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was on Mr. Allison's amend-
ment.
Mr. McCOBMICK, of Missouri. I propose
a substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man to strike out in line three hundred and
twenty-eight "1 cent per pound" and to in-
sert " $12 50 per ton." Mr. Chairman, the
committee has thought proper to reduce the
doty on pig iron from $9 a ton to $5 a ton.
Pig iron is a raw material to a certain class
of onr manufacturers; so are loops, slabs, and
blooms, which are nothing more nor less than
an advance in the condition of the iron from
pig iron. If we were correct in reducing the
duty on pig iron from $9 to $5 per ton, then
it is in the same ratio, in the same propor-
tion, that I propose to reduce the duty on slabs,
loops, and blooms, which should not pay a
higher duty than $12 50 per ton. That will
make this correspond to the reduction of the
duty on pig iron.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose both the amendment and the substitute.
Tne bill as reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means is in itself a reduction upon a large
part of this iron—a reduction quite commen-
surate with the reduction on pig iron as I
apprehend it will stand when the House shall
have voted upon it. If gentlemen predicate
their votes upon the fact that with a hundred
members absent the duty on pig iron was placed
at $5 I think they will make a bill which the
House will materially revise. I have no doubt
that it will reverse the vote reducing the duty
on pig iron below the reduced duty reported
by the committee. This is a question of rev-
enue. During 1868there were over 100,000,000
pounds of batfiron of one class and over 17,000,-
000 pounds of another—about 123,000,000
pounds altogether, imported, from which we
derived over $2,082,000. There can be no ad-
vantage to the revenue in making the reduction
of duty proposed by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr.Allison ;] certainly none from reducing
it one half, as proposed by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. McCoemick,] while it would
be a detriment to our own industries. I may
say, if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
will permit me, that I am an American citizen.
Mr. LOGAN. I have never questioned it,
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. KELLEY. I have a right to emigrate
to Illinois, and without naturalization become
a citizen of that State.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I have had the honor of
living in several States, and I believe that I
love every part of my country. The gentleman
does not feel any hesitancy ahont speaking of
Pennsylvania, and I do but advertise the great
resources of my country when I speak of the
magnificent iron resources of northern Ken-
tucky, of southwestern Indiana, and of Illinois
to an extent greater than Pennsylvania in her
ooftl fields, and equaling her in her great iron
resources in the southern section of the State.
The great iron resources of Missouri are a part
of the resources of my country of which 1 am
proud, and to which I have a right, to refer,
and I do not plead for Pennsylvania when I
tell the gentlemen of Indiana and Missouri that,
in interchanging the coal of Clay county with
the ores of Missouri they are giving freight both
ways to their railroad companies, reducing the
cost of transportation, and developing the re-
sources of the country. I have a right to do
it, and to do it without reproach from any gen-
tleman. The gentleman from Illinois nor any
other gentleman has a right to strike a State
from the map of my country and say that upon
this floor I must be dumb as to its great
resources.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCOIiMICK, of Missouri. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew it; and I do it merely
for the purpose of saying to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that I am
sorry to see him so irritable this morning.
Mr. KELLEY. I am not irritable; 1 am
in perfect good humor.
Mr. LOGAN. I have done nothing and
said nothing to detract from his great ability.
I only reminded him that I was a Represent-
ative of Illinois and he a Representative of
Pennsylvania. That was all. I have never
said anything about the great State of Penn-
sylvania except in eulogy of its great resources,
nor do I desire to say anything about it now.
But I will say this to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] (1 the great State of
Pennsylvania," the great keystone of the arch
of the Union, as it has always been repre-
sented ; I will say to him that he ably represents
that State, and 1 am glad to see that she has so
able a Representative. But I must again beg
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, when he
is discussing questions upon this floor, that he
should at least recollect that he is the Repre-
sentative of only one district of one of the
States of the United States of America, and
of no more. He can talk about the resources
of the various States; we all can do that. But
I say to him now, as I said a while ago, he
has no right to represent Illinois.
Mr. KELLEY. I vote for Pennsylvania;
but I speak for my whole country.
Mr. BENNETT. I have listened with great
interest to the discussion on this tariff ques-
tion. This is the first time I have ppened ray
lips upon the subject- I occupy a position at
the gate-way of the commerce of the West; I
represent a commercial community. My busi-
ness is that of transporting the cereals of the
great West to the manufacturing districts. I
rise now for the purpose of briugiug particu-
larly to the attention of Representatives from th e
great West and Northwest one important fact
which I think has not been considered in this
discussion. It is the question of a market for
the great northwestern region of this country.
At the proper time I propose to bring up a
question which I regard as of vital importance;
that is, the question of the transportation of
the products of that vastregionto the markets
of the world.
I wish to say a word to the West, to that
great agricultural region. They must look for
their markets among the manufacturing dis-
tricts of this country, and not in Europe. And
I wish furthermore to state a fact well known
to gentlemen if they know anything about the
movements of the agricultural products of that
region, that Milwaukee and Chicago during
the active season ship in ten days more than
all Europe takes in a year. Hence it is that I
say they should look for their market to the
manufacturing districts of this country. It is
in the eastern States, along the south Atlantic
coast, and in the West Indies that our cereals
find a market. In the discussion of this ques-
tion I wish it to be borne in mind that it is to
manufacturing sections of this country that
