1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4805
for the relief of Samuel H. Moore, late a
private in company G-, fifty-seventh regiment
Ohio veteran volunteer infantry, submitted an
adverse report,which was ordered to be printed;
and the bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Ilhoda D. Burnett, praying for the renewal of
the patent granted for a straw-cutter to James
H. Burnett, February 20, 1855, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles H. Sayre,
praying for the extension of a patent for culti-
vator-teeth , submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed,
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1901) for the relief of Peter H. Jonte, re-
ported adversely thereon; and it was postponed
indefinitely.
LEGAL HOLIDAYS IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2224) making the 1st day of
January, the 25th day of December, the 4th
day of July, and Thanksgiving day holidays
within the District of Columbia, have directed
me to report it back without amendment. It
is a bill of but a single section. There are no
legal holidays here, and this bill merely pro-
vides for what I think are the legal holidays in
every State of the Union. I ask that it be
passed now. It will not take a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the 1st day of
January, commonly called New Year's day,
the 4th day of July, the 2oth day of December,
commonly called Christmas day, and any day
appointed or recommended by the President
of the United States as a day of public fast or
thanksgiving, shall be holidays withm the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and shall for all purposes
of presenting for payment or acceptance for
the maturity and protest, and giving notice of
thedishonor of bills of exchange, bank checks,
and promissory notes or other negotiable or
commercial paper, be treated and considered
as is the first day of the week, commonly called
Sunday; and all notes, drafts, checks, or other
commercial or negotiable paper falling due, or
maturing on either of those holidays, is to be
deemed as having matured on the day previous.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SURVEY OF ISTHMUS OF DA11IBN.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. 11. No. 800J to amend act of July
28, I860, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage : and I desire to ask the courtesy of the
Senate that it be put upon its passage at once.
It is a joint resolution of but eight or ten lines.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that the
appropriation of $-10,000 for the survey of the
Isthmus of Darien made in the act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juno 30, 1867,
and for other purposes, approved July 28,
18GG, may be expended under the direction
of either the War Department or the Navy
Department, in the discretion of the Presi-
dent.
Tlio joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PHILADELPHIA AND CAMDEN BRIDGE.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up House
bill No. 2044, a bill of five linos, which it will
not take more than two minutes to pass. As
I am not able to be in the Senate all the time,
I should be very glad if they would oblige me
by taking up this bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2044) declaring the
bridge between Philadelphia and Camden a
post road.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MALINDA HARMON.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up and consider at
this time House bill No. 2252; and in connec-
tion therewith I send to the desk a letter which
I should like to have read.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. B. No. 2252) for the relief of
Matilda Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon,
deceased, of Greene county, Tennessee. The
preamble recites that in the fall of 1861 it was
decided by the Secretary of War to cause to be
destroyed all the railroad bridges in East Ten-
nessee between Chattanooga and Bristol; that
accordingly men were sent there to enlist par-
ties to perform that work; that Captain David
Pry did recruit and enlist as a portion of the
force one Jacob Harmon and his two sons;
he, Fry, administered the oath to Harmon and
his sons; there being no Bible at hand, he
caused them to place their hands on the Union
flag while he solemnly administered the oath
to be ever faithful and true to the Union; that
he then ordered them to destroy the bridge
across Lick creek, and the trestle-work, near
one mile in length, in Greene county, East
Tennessee; they soon picked their opportunity,
and, under the eye of Captain Fry, put fire to
the bridge and trestle-work and destroyed the
same; that Harmon and his two sons were
arrested, placed in a rebel prison, tried by a
rebel court martial, convicted, and Harmon
and-one son hung till dead, near the town of
Knoxville, East Tennessee, on the 17th of
December, 1861, (the other sou having con-
tracted disease while in prison, died;) that
Harmon employed counsel to defend himself
and sons, for which he executed his notes to
the attorneys for the sum of $3,000, and did
give them a lien or mortgage upon his real
estate to secure the same; that on the 27th
day of July, 1808, a decree of sale of liis land
was ordered for the sum of $4,193 50, which,
if no relief is given, will leave the widow with
five children and but little means left whereby
to make a support; and that it is evident that
Harmon and sons lost their lives in the service
of the Government; and now, in the name of
justice, honor, and humanity, the Congress of
the United States is in duly bound to relieve
the widow and her children from this debt of
oppression, they never having received one
cent for the services rendered by her husband.
The bill therefore proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Malinda Harmon,
the widow of Jacob Harmon, deceased, of
Greene county, East Tennessee, the sum of
$4,096 70.
Mr. CQNKLING. Is there any reportother
than the statement embodied in the preamble
to the bill ?
Mr. FOWLER. I suppose not. That is
the way it came from the House.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to be a very
full report.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask for the reading of the
letter I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Greenville, Texxessee, June 22,1870.
My De.mi Sib : Something more than a year ago I
spoke to ypu concerning a claim which I hod pre-
pared lor Mrs. Malinda Harmon, widow ol Jacob
Harmon, and mother of young Harmon, who were
hung for hurniws Lick Creek bridge on our railroad
in December, 1801. This conversation was by my
own fireside. Quite probably, in the rush of events
since, yon may have forgotten the circumstance, but
you surely have not forgotten the tragic story of the
hanging of poor old Harmon and his son, and the
heroic bearing of the old man on the scaffold, when
with death staring him in the face he declared he
was glad he had burned the bridges, and would do it
again if it could again be done. John Baxter de-
fended him on his trial—or rather did not defend
him—but did get a deed of trust on his lands, and
since the war has got a decree for over four thousand
dollars against the widow and her children, all girls
except a little boy.
Now, Harmon was a soldier duly enlisted, and the
bridges wore burned by (general G-eorge II. Thomas's
order. A bill has just passed the House for her re-
lief. It has been sent to the Senate. If ever an hon-
est, deserving woman came before Congress, Mrs.
Ilarmon is such a one. The la.nd has been sold only
two weeks ago. It yet can be saved to her and the
children. I know I have only to call your attention
to it to enlist your heartiest efforts for her. I told
her to-doy I would write you for her. Can you not
write me what can be done in the Senate for her?
Always your friend,
A. H. PETTIBONE.
Hon. Joseph S. Fowler.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
whether this bill has been reported from any
committee of this body?
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know, indeed. I
got the letter this morning and found the bill
here; I noticed that it came from the House
the other day. I know the case myself. I
know the instance 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the bill was referred a day or two ago to some
committee, but what committee the Chair can-
not now remember.
Mr. FOWLER. This man exhibited really
more patriotism than any man almost in Amer-
ica ; it is one of the most touching instances I
know of on record, and I should like to have
the bill passed. Still I do not want it passed
without being understood by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Chair
and to the Senate that, as appears by the
printed indorsement on the bill, on the 21st of
June it was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The proper motion
would be to discharge that committee and not
to take up the bill. I submit that this motion
is not in order, and I hope the Senator will not
put any member of the body to making objec-
tion to such a bill as this. It is meritorious,
no doubt, and, as he says, the case is a touch-
ing one, but there are ten thousand other
touching cases.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
postpone all other questions, to proceed with
the consideration of the House resolution
relating to Cuba.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that during the continuance of the morn-
ing business, which is not yet concluded, it
requires, by the old usage of the Senate, unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope unanimous consent
will be given.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with morning business. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it the purpose of the
Senator frora Massachusetts to take it up for
action, or for debate?
Mr. SUMNER. For action.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I think the Senator
from Indiana will not object. «
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to present some morn-
ing business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow action to be had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana withdraw the objection?
Mr. PRATT. For the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection the joint resolution is before
the Senate.
