1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
DMiranm o  rm Ixtmbiok
Washington, D. C„ January 27, 18m,
Sib: I have the honor to submit, for the consider-
ation of the Finance Committee, the accompanying
d if differ8°but 'noM'particular from a resolution
approved March 3.1845. (Statutes-at-Largo, volume
Ave, page 801.) The latter directed the retention by
the Secretary of the Treasury of moneys due to a
defaulting State on account of thei percentage oi
proceeds of the public lands lying withm her limits.
This resolution makes it his duty to withhold any
moneys due to such State from the United States on
any account whatever. ,
The propriety of the original legislation has, never
been questioned. Its terms were limited, as, at the
time of its passage, no moneys weredue Iron* the (*en-
eral Government to any State, except on account ol
such proceeds. It was in keeping with the provis-
ions of an act approvedSeptember 4,1841, (Statutes,
lb page 453,) giving to certain States ten per cent,
of the net proceeds of the sales of public lands within
their respective limits. The fourth section provides
that money due to any State, on account of such
proceeds, should be first applied to the payment of
any debt due and payable from such State to the
United States. . .
Without any special provision, it may be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, or of the account-
ing officers, in adjusting a claim by a State against
theUnited States, to ascertain and withhold thesum
due from the former to the latter. To relieve the
subject of all doubts, I respectfully suggest, however,
that a positive legislative direction in the premises,
such as the joint resolution contemplates, should be
given.
This Departments thedepository of a large amount
of overdue State bonds, which the United States
hold in trust forcertain Indian tribes. The annually
accruing interest, for many years, was unpaid by the
respective States, but was advanced by Congress
from the Treasury.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING, Secretary.
Hon. John Sjmbhan,
Ohairman Finance Committee. 17. S. Senate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, -was read the third time, and
passed.
ORDER -01? BUBINBSS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 986, to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to offer a resolution.
Mr.' RAMSEY. When the bill is up I will
give way.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not desire to interpose
any objection that shall apply to the morning
hour.
Mr. RAMSEY. The morning hour has
expired, I will inform the Senator.
Mr. HAMLIN. The business of the tooTH-
ing hoar has been exhausted, but the morhirig
hour has not expired. I never knew forty-five
minutes to make an hour; but when the morn-
ing hour, not the business of the morning hoar,
has expired, I shall insist and ask a vote of the
Senate on taking up District business, the Sen-
ate having voted to give thisday to that business,
' and I want it.
Mr. RAMSEY. . I trust the Senator will
allow me to pass this bill. It will be disposed
of, doubtless, before the morning hour has
expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAHSR. I now ask leave to submit
a resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will yield for that purpose.
steamers ON the MISSOORI. . ,
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Beeretary ofWarb ft directed to
furnish to the Senate a Hot of all the steamer eti-
gaged in transporting goods and property of,.the
United States which have been destroyed on the
Missouri river north of Omaha during the last five
years; aleoithe value of all of said goods and prop-
erty of the United States destroyed by reason of the
destruction of said steamers.
affairs in georgia. j
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to OalJ. opt the
resolution introduced by me the: other day,
calling for information from the President in
regard to affairs in Georgia. It will lead to no
debate. .
Mr. RAMSEY. If it will lead to ao debate
I shall not object. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Carpenter on the 81st of
January:
Uttolved, That the President bo requested to fur-
nish the Senate any information in his possession in
regard to the proceedings had in the State of Geor-
gia in pursuance of the recent act of Congress, enti-
tled "An act to promote the reconstruction,of the
State of Georgia, and in relation to the organization
of the Legislature of that State since the pass ago of
that act.
The resolution was agreed to.
franking privilege.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 986)
to abolish the franking privilege. The first
section repeals $11 laws and parts of laws giving
the right to any officer or Department of the
Government, or other person, to either send,
or receive through the United States mails, free
of charge, any letter, document, or other mail-
able matter. The second section provides that
the act shall take effect on and after the 1st
day of July, 1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose, as an amend-
ment, to add to the first section the following:
But nothing herein contained shall be construed
to repeal or to affect the free transportation in the
mails of newspapers within twenty miles of the place
of publication.
Mr., RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will not
persist in that amendment. This bill has been
well considered in the House of Representa-
tives. The numerous petitions presented there
and here everyday show that the country want
this bill to become a law, and want it to be-
come a law speedily. I think the true policy
Js to take the Houste bill and pass it just as we
received it. I hope the Senate will not con-
sent to this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the reasons
why this amendment, I think, ought to be
adopted. It is a gross injustice to charge the ,
same rate of postage on a small country paper, j
. circulating in & single county, as on one of ;
the large daily or periodical papers of the j
country, for instance the New York Tribune i
and other great dailies that are transported |
three thousand miles. Now, to charge such a j
paper the same rate of postage as the country
newspaper that is transported without cost,
and delivered within a few miles of the place
of publication, it seems to me is fin act of
injustice. This amendment, if adopted, will
not delay the passage of this bill a single hour,
I have no doubt, and many members of the
House have already said that this particular
. thing did not occur to them. I have no doubt
this will strengthen the bill. With this amend-
ment alone I shall be very glad to see the bill
. pass, bttt I think it is a gross hardship and
injustice to the. co&iltry papers published in
localities that are just struggling along to
charge them the Same rate of postage in their
immediate neighborhood that you charge to the
large eity papers which are carried great dis-
tances.
Mr. GONKLING. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question before he sits; down. I agree
entirely with the Senator ift his suggestion ;
but I ask him whether if we pass this-' bill it
will pot be quite natural and easy for the com-
mittee to report as an amendment to the pres-
ent postage laws, which may need amendment
Otherwise, such a provision as he speaks of,
and whether it would nob be better to taketbis
bill as it is and leAVje to an amendment of the
postage statutes every new suggestion ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I was going to make that
suggestion myself. In the course of a few days
the /committer will report the post route bill*
. .Mr. SHERMAN, The answer to that is that
this bill does take away from theeounty papers
that privilege given them by law.
Mr* RAMSEY. Un4oubtedlyj but that por-
tion of the bill, like its other provisions, will dot
take effect until the 1st of July, and in the
mean time we can provide against that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator need not
fear that this amendment will delay the pas-
sage of the bill or endanger it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I fear it will, and there-
fore I oppose the amendment in this stage.
The provision can ;become a law before the 1st
of July, and may as well be enacted at some
other time and in some other place.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that his amendment does not
go far enough. There is another matter which
should be covered by it and excepted from the
operation of this act, and that is the matter of
exchanges between newspapers and periodi-
cals. 1 had drawn an amendment with the
purpose of submitting it, but did not happen
to be in when the bill was taken up, which
would cover both these grounds, that which is
now covered by the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio and that which I have suggested. I
send to the desk an amendment which I have
prepared, and ask that it be read for the in-
formation of the Senator from Ohio and the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri proposes an amendment to the
amendment, and asks the Senator from Ohio
to accept it. The Secretary will report it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
But this shall not be construed as repealing the
provisions in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals contained in the second section of the
act of August 30,1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An act to reduce and to modify the rates
. of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses, passed March 3.1851. "
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, I can-
,not accept the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator, and shall vote against it.
There is no reason why the publisher of a news-
paper should receive other newspapers free of
postage any more than we should. The same
reason applies for the abolition of the privilege
in both cases. It is different, however, in
regard to county papers. We all know that
county papers have a hard struggle. They are
very important for local interests,. for local
information, for local advertisements ; and the
practice has been to distribute them free iu the
counties where they are published. It costs
nothing to, the Government; it does not add to
.the expense of distributing the mails to allow
, these county papers to be placed, within twenty
miles.of the office of publication. The same
postmasters are there, and no additional
expense is involved- This is taking away from
them a privilege the loss of which they will
. feel very severely in their struggling condition
' as compared with the large city papers. I had
hoped the Senate would by general consent
agree to this amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. Concurring entirely in the
.views of the honorable Senator from Ohio, I
had drawn up an amendment that I will read
and ask his opinion whether it will not accom-
plish the purpose he desires to accomplish in
: regard to local papers in the country. I pro-
pose to add at the end Of the first section the
;followihg:
Provided, That publishers of papers and period-
icals the circulation whereof respectively does not
exceed two thousand, may send each other from their
respective places of publication one copy of each
publication: And provided further, Tk&t the pub-
lisher of any weekly newspaper the whole circula-
tion whereof does not exceed two thousand may
' send to each actual subscriber in the county where
such newspaper is printed and published one oopy
thereof free.
It seems 40- tee- that that would be exactly
adapted to accomplish the purpose proposed
by the Senator from Ohio. It would extend
..the relief: to those useful, local county papers
which he desire to extend, and it would limit
the benefit af this exception to them exclu-
sively. Every one knows that they are useful
institutions, arid that- iflider existing circum-
stances it i® very difficult for them to be effi-
cient and exist at all. This would. reserve to
those local papers having this limited circula-
tion the benefit entirely of the exception pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio, and who
