1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291?
the West most look for its. market And the
more manufacturers we can induce to come to
this country and engage in labor, the larger
and better will be the market opened to the
West#
This question ia a vital one. Ab I said when
I first took the floor, I have listened to this
discussion with great interest and with patience.
But 1 confess that I have been listening to the
discussion to-day with more or leas impatience.
I want to see this question disposed of, and
disposed of properly, so that some other busi-
ness can, in due time, be considered by this
House. .
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment. .
Mr. MUNGEN. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. I am certainly very glad
to find so able an advocate of the farmers of j
the West as in my distinguished friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley. ] Last session,
and ever since I have had the honor of being
on this floor, that gentleman has boasted that
he represented the largest manufacturing dis-
trict in the United States. But now he rep-
resents not only Missouri and Illinois and Ohio,
but the entire grain-growing regions of this
country. He covers, or tries to cover a great
deal of territory, a great deal more, I think)
than he can ordinarily cover. He loves his
country he says. Perhaps he likeB some por-
tions of it, Mobile for instance, at a distance
far better than near by.
Now, as to obtaining a market for our sur-
plus grain in the manufacturing districts of
this coilntry, let me say that we can not only
feed ali the manufacturing regions of Pennsyl-
vania and New England, but we can send into
the markets of the world an additional amount
so large that the amount furnished to themanu-
facturing regions would hardly be noticed in
comparison. The surplus of my own district
alone would feed all those in this country
engaged in manufacturing iron, cotton, and
wool. And the surplus of the single State of
Ohio would supply all tlie rest of the United
States. But the tariff system of this country
has closed the doors of our western markets to
foreign purchasers. During the last winter
wheat has been sellirig at 50 cents in Illinois,
and ohly a little higher in Ohio. The tariff
policy of this GoVernmerit has compelled
Frances and England to purchase their grains
on the Black sea and the Baltic, and in the
Dannbi&n principalities, instead of getting
them from thii country. It is true that within
the last few weeks there ha3 been a slightly
increased exportation of our great crop; but
during the last year our export has been com-
paratively nothing. Why? because we have
closed the doors of our markets against the
manufacturers of England and France, who
naturally trade with those who trade with them.
Gentlemen talk about this being a revenue
matter. This bill is not a revenue measure.
It is a measure in the interest of capital. The
State of Pennsylvania, represented in part by
the gentleman who has spoken to-day, [Mr.
Kelley,] has ceased to be the keystone of the
arch in our republican system of government—
I mean republicanism, not in the partisan
sense, but in contradistinction from the mon-
archical system of Europe—-and is becoming
the keystone of the arch in a system that seeks
exclusively the interests of capital.
I tell yon, Mr. Chairman, that the question
now before the American people is whether
the money power represented by the manufac-
turing interests and the banks shall subjugate
the country, or whether the people Bhall speak
for themselves and assett their rights against
these immense monopolies. The representa-
tives Of the Republican party boasted last fall
that they had money enough to carry any elec-
tion, and that is the boast now. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who
claims to be the friend of the farmer j has voted
in this House to exempt from taxation the
manufacturing interests of Pennsylvania, as
well as the bondholders of the country; he
has voted to exempt from taxation the ram
manufacturers of New England, that region so
renowned for its devotion to temperance! I
say that this whole tariff system i3 a swindle
and a fraud, and I atn opposed to it. If we
cannot have free trade, let us have a tariff that
is reasonable and decent. I am willing as a
choice of evils to assent to that. Buttheprin- ;
ciple that should guide us in these matters lies
in a nutshell; when we have revenue to raise*
we should raise itbytaixing the capital, not
the labor of the country. That is the princi-
ple which this bill directly violates.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, I shall
vote for the substitute proposed by my col-
league, [Mr. McCobmiok ;] and in doing so I
believe 1 represent the interests——
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the question of
order whether we can have two speeches in
succession in favor of the sahae amendment?
Is the gentleman entitled to the floor unless
he opposes this proposed reduction of duty?
I make the point because I want to get a Vote
as soon as possible.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is :
insisted upon the Chair must rule that it is well
taken.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am exceedingly anxious
for a vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Mtjngen] to withdraw his amend-
ment that I may renew it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment. I Want a vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin} can speak in oppo-
sition to the pending amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sohbnok] will be any better
pleased I Will oppose the substitute of my col-
league [Mr. McCormick] and advocate the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
AllisoS.] I wish merely to say a word in con-
nection with this subject so far as it relates to
the State of Missouri, and particularly the dis-
trict I have the honor to represent. Now, sir,
I have no objection to the (gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] or any other gen-
tleman speaking of the great resources of the
State of Missouri. I have no objection'to their
parading her great iron resources before this
House as a reason for adopting the provisions
of this bill. But when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania undertakes to speak for the State
of Missouri I do object to his directing attention
alone to the iron interests of that State. I can
inform the gentleman and the House ahd the
country that the wealth bf Missouri in her iton
mines is but a dtop in the bucket compared
with the great agricultural resources of that
State. We have had a high protective tariff in
force as the law of the land for nine years. The
duty upon pig iron has been during that time
$9 a ton, a higher rate of duty than even the
Gommittee of Ways and Means propose in this
bill. What is the effect ? All the additional
laborers employed in the iron works of Mis-
souri can be fed from the proceeds of one of
the farms of my district.
The gentleman says that we iriust provide
A home market. A home market! Sir, all
the iron manufacturers in the United States,
together with their wives andi children, could
be fed with the surplus products of my con-
gressional district. I might, Mr. Chairman,
carry it still further, and say that they may pro-
duce every ton of iron necessary for the wants
of the United States, and the agricultural pro*
ducts that can be raised in the district of my
friend and colleague, [Mr. Asper,] and in the
congressional district Which I represent, can
furnish them all with food. The reason which
is held out why we should in this bill put ah
increased duty on iron and other manufactures
is befcduse by so doing we will afford a home
market for our agricultural products. It is all
nonsense to talk in that way. We know that
it has no perceptible effect and can have none
on the large bulk of the agricultural products
ofthe West. Let me tell gentlemen that wheat
is to-day selling for a less price, considering the
value of money, in the city of St. Louis, right
under the shadow of these iron furnaces, than
it has sold for the last forty years. Pig iron is
protected at the rate of $9 per ton. "We are told
that the iron manufacturers cannot live unless
we do that. How then can the farmers live? If
it is necessary to compensate iron manufac-
turers, let the farmers also be compensated for
their labor and the labor of their wives and
children. If any should be compensated the
farmer should be. There is not a farm in the
West which to-day pays more.than 3 per cent.
The producers of these agricultural products
not only work themselves but their families
work, and still they make nothing. Yet gen-
tlemen propose they shall still further be taxed
in order to compensate the manufacturers of
the country for their losses. Who is to com-
pensate the farmer for his losses upon his
wheat, how Selling at 45 cents a bushel, which
we all know he is selling at a loss ? Who is will-
ing to bear that loss of the farmer? There is
not a single district in the United States which
is willing to bear its share of that loss.
[Here the hammer fell. 1
The CHAIRMAN. There are now an
amendment and an amendment to the amend-
ment pending, and no further amendment,
therefore, is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I give notice that I
shall object to the withdrawal of the amend-
ment, and insist on a vote.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. McCoBincK, of Missouri, to the amend-
ment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted,
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking ont "$18 a ton" and insert-
ing "three fourths of 1 cent per pound."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out " $18 a ton" and inserting " $15 a ton."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 88, noes 64; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelley and Mr.
Holman.
The cotamittee again divided; and the tellers
feported—ayes 47, noes 70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. POTTER, t move to substitute li $16
a ton'' instead of " $18 a ton."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 12, noes 60; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRM.AN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Potter and Mr.
t)iCKEY.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 17, noes 65; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Call the roll I
The CHAIRMAN, The committee finding
itself without a quorum, it is the duty of the
Chair to cause the roll to be called in .order
that the names of the absentees may be re-
ported to the House. ..
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names t
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Axtell;
Ayer, Bailey. Banks, Barry;, Bennett, Jfiggs, Bing-
ham, Boles, koofeeh Bowisn, Boyd, Buck, Bum
dridee, Fisher, Haldeihan, Hale, Hatabletori, Hea-
ton, Ho?e, Hotchkiss, Alexander II._ Jones, Julian.
* - McGrew, McKetwie, Mil-
.iu.uiii.SBe.y, ixesioji nmu, avuvi, w,> -F^_ a
Scofield, Shanks, Sorter Sheldon, Sloeum, John A.
SmithlVan Trump. Van Wyok, VoorheW, Ward,
John T. Wilson, ana Winchester.
