1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88 m
For the reasons which I have given, though
hastily considered, I cannot vote for the bill
in its present form. I shall be ready, however,
at all times to do all in my power, within the
sphere of proper legislation, to accomplish the
main objects designed by the committee report-
ing the measure.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, • during: the
debate upon the bill now under consideration
it has been repeatedly charged that the meas-
ure is designed to favor the ship-building in-
terests of Maine and the New England States;
that it has that object alone ; that it is not
formed with reference to the interests of com-
merce. That idea is not an original one. It
is but a reiteration of what is contained in the
pamphlets which have been placed on our
desks by the agents of the British ship-build-
ers and poured into the ears of every gentle-
man in the House who would listen to them.
They 'nave been in our galleries and attending
the sessions of the House since the first day
we met here. Pamphlets have been laid upon
our tables signed by Captain John Codmati,
who lepresents the interests of the iron ship-
builders of the Clyde. This gentleman came
licje immediately after the opening of Con-
gress, and has since squat at the ear of every
man who would give him audience and listen
to his statements in favor of British ship-build-
ers as against the ship-builders of his own coun-
try, whom he has ridiculed, misrepresented,
and abused. He has furnished in his pamph-
lets figures and plausible statements from
which many of the arguments have been drawn
against, this bill by gentlemen unacquainted
with the figures.
The gentleman from Illinois, the gentleman
from New York, who, I regret, is not now in
his seat, and the gentleman from Iowa have
evidently been misled by these plausible mis-
statements, and have drawn upon them for their
speeches in opposing this bill, using 111 some
'cases almost his identical language, as gentle-
men can see for themselves who will read over
the debate. I say to the gentlemen who oppose
the passage of this bill that I do not believe they
would have taken the position they have if it
had not been for the persistent efforts of these
British agents, whose character and purposes
were unknown to ihein, and who have imposed
upon them by their misrepresentations.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
a v/oid ? He alludes to gentlemen who opposed
this bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not allude to the'gentle-
man at all.
Mr. LOGAN.
Mr. LYNCH.
referred to the
Live made.
Mr. LOGAN. The only electioneering done
v.ith me on this floor has been by a gentleman
from Maine who is a ship-builder, and who is
now on the floor.
Sir. INGERSOLL. I wish to sajr just the
same thing. I do not know Captain Codman.
I do not know that I have ever seen him.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge
the truth of what the gentleman from Illinois
has said, that gentlemen from Maine have been
here advocating the passage of this bill. There
have been gentlemen from New York here,
and many gentlemeu from various other sec-
tions of the country, who are interested gener-
ally, and perhaps specially, in the restoration
of American commerce—gentlemen who no
doubt are exceedingly anxious that something
may be done for this great and too long neg-
■ lected interest, and who have been waiting
to see whether Congress is or is not going
to grant relief to this most important interest
of the country. They have a right to be
here. We are their Representatives; they are
our constituents, and have a right to be heard
by an American Congress, and we should rep-
■ resent their interests as against the men who
come here from across the water representing
those who, after destroying the ships and prop-
I wish to say a word.
I do not yield, as I have not
gentleman in any remarks I
erty of American ship-builders and ship-own-
ers, have the impudence to propose that we
shall allow them to profit by their perfidy by
employing them to restore that which they have
destroyed.
Will an American Congress, after England
has for the advantage of her own commerce
destroyed the merchant marine of our country,
now, while the claim for this spoliation remains
unsettled, and while the remembrance of the
wrong still rankles in the breast of every true
American, break down those navigation laws
which have stood from the foundation of the
Government, and under the operation of which
Ave attained the highest rank as a maritime
Power, that the English ship-builder may build
our shipping? And this, too, while we turn a
deaf ear to our own citizens, our own mechanics
who built the Navy which saved us in the hour
of our peril, and refuse to allow him the poor
privilege of trying to do that which he has done,
and pledges himself to do again.
I thank the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswohtii] for putting this matter so clearly
and so forcibly to those gentlemen who say that
they were not willing that materials entering
into the construction of an American ship
should come in free; but are willing the ship,
all built in a foreign country, shall be admitted
free. The strongest opposition that has been
Kiade to this bill has been made to those sec-
tions which favored American manufactures
and American interests in opposition to Eng-
lish manufactures and English interests. Take
the proviso to the first section. It provides
that we shall allow the same drawback on
American material that is allowed on the same
material when imported. I can, of course,
see why free-trade gentlemen should oppose
that, unless, like all the English free traders,
they regard the merchant marine of a country
as an exceptional interest, as a means of
national defense. There is another section
of the bill which provides a small amount
shall be paid to American vessels yearly at
so much per ton, and another section which
provides that this amount shall bo collected
from the shipping of this and all other coun-
tr< s Three fourths will come out oCEnglish
shipping. These sections gentlemen oppose
most violently. Wheiever it touches English
interests those gentlemen who are here under
false colors, these disguised agents of the
Clyde ship-builders, go around and supply
fae!s and figures and plausibly deceptive argu-
ments, ostensibly in the interests of Ameri-
can ship-owners, but really in the interests of
the ship-builders and ship-owners of England.
Mr. COBIIRN. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Maine that if he says the opposition
to this bill comes from men who are posted by
English agents he says what is without found-
ation in fact. I oppose this bill, and*I never
had any Englishman or any other man say a
word to me about it.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not charge anything
against the gentleman from Indiana or any
other gentleman. I know gentlemen have
taken the statements placed upon their desks
without knowing from whom they came. I
know the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixeim-
SOLL] would not have been affected by these
pamphlets if he had known the character of
the men by whom they have been written.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Maine is making a general assault on Western
members as though they were in complicity
with English agents, which is utterly false;
and I denounce it as false here in my place,
and the gentleman knows it.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that any gentleman who is addressing
the House shall have the right to do so without
being subjected to continual obstructions from
other members.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to say here to those
gentlemen who are so sensitive about this
matter, and who, under excitement, say what
in cooler moments they will regret, that. I do
not believe there is one of them who knows
the object and purpose of the authors of the
tracts that have been before us; they not un-
derstanding the subject, have been imposed
upon. But I do know, as chairman of the com-
mittee having this subject in charge, that the
first tract which this gentleman has addressed
to us, over his own signature, comes from the
Clyde, and is so addressed. I believe that the
author is the agent of and has been while here
in communicationwith the Clyde ship-builders,
and I know that all his propositions are ia
their interest, and are anti-American.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingek.-
soll] says this is all got up for the interests
of the State of Maine. Why, sir, only three
members of the committee represent constit-
uencies that are directly interested in ocean
shipping. Only one, the chairman, represents
a ship-building constituency; and two of them,
[Mr. Buwhtton and Mr. Calkin,] represent
constituencies which are much more largely
interested as ship-owners than as ship-builders.
My own constituency is much more largely
interested in ship-owning than in ship-buildmg.
Six members represent western and interior
districts, and five of them, a majority of the
committee, reside west of the Alleghanies; and
I desire to say, and I say it to their honor, that
every one of those western members except
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] who
was not with the committee during vacation,
was as zealous in promoting the objects for
which this bill was framed as any of the eastern
members. They brought to their work no nar-
row, sectional, or partisan prejudices, but acted
throughout as liberal, national American states- '
men.
And here 1 desire to say another thing. It
will be seen by an examination of the report
which I hold in my hand that three fourths of
all the ship owners that came before the com-
mittee were opposed to the proposition which
has been urged here in their behalf, and in their
name, of allowing American registers to for-
eign-built ships, and all, without a single excep-
tion, were in favor of the provisions which have
been incorporated into this bill as 'now pre-
sented by the committee. At our meetings in
New York, Boston, aud Philadelphia, twenty
three gentlemen came before the committee, of
whom fifteen were ship-owners and eight were
ship-builders. And the whole of those fifteen
ship-owners, with the exception of three or
four who represented foreign interests, were
opposed to the free registration of foreign-built
ships, and in favor of the admission free of
duty of material entering into the construction
of ships.
Now, why should we not admit the mate-
rial for constructing ships free? Just look at
this matter as it stands at the present time.
The American ship-builder pays a duty on
every dollar's worth of imported material that
goes into the construction of his ship. The
ship-builder in England builds there a precisely
similar ship, and sails that ship into an Amer-
ican port without paying a dollar of duty. He
lays his ship alongside an American wharf, and
takes his cargo in competition with an Ameri-
can ship which has paid the duty, not only on
all the material of which his ship is built, but
upon all the outfit and stores for the voyage.
These two ships may continue inthe same busi-
ness, running from an American tq an English
port, till they are worn out, and the foreign
Bhip-builder not paying a dollar of duty on the
material which enters mto his ship or the stores
which he uses on the voyage, while his Amer-
ican competitor pays on everything.
It is this discrimination under our laws to-
day against the American ship-builderand ship-
owner which prevents him ii'orn competing
with his foreign rival; and it is this pnjust ana
unslatesmaniikc policy which is driving what
