1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] prove to us con-
clusively—many of us knew it before, and
needed no proof of the fact; but if any proof
was needed, they prove to us conclusively that
limitations to these appropriations for public
buildings are perfectly useless, and are disre-
garded entirely by the parties who have in their
hands the expenditure of this money. Until
we enact a law prescribing the manner in which
these buildings shall be erected and providing,
with penalties upon the individuals who vio-
late the law in that regard, that no more money
shall be expended than Congress appropriates,
we always will have the condition of things
which has been stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I have seen during my service
in Congress every year appropriation bills
presented here appropriating a certain amount
of money for the completion of a building. At
the very next session there comes in another
item of appropriation for the completion of the
same building; and so it goes on from year to
year ; year after year appropriations are made
to complete the buildings, and they are not
completed.
Now, sir, this New York post office is un-
questionably going to cost a large amount of
money. I doubt very much whether the amount
which the gentleman from Indiana says is ex-
travagant will be within the limit that this post
office will cost, unless some steps are taken by
Congress limiting the appropriations some-
where.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says that he desires this $100,000
for the continuation of the work for the next
three months. We appropriated at the last
session of Congress $'200,000 for the laying of
the foundations and for the commencement of
the building. We appropriated that amount
for the current fiscal year. It appears from
the statementof the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] that they have gone on and made
iarge contracts, and he says the Government will
be liable for the non- fulfillment of those con-
tracts in the event of the defeat of this appropria-
tion. A very pertinent question was asked by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswortii,]
" Who had authority to make those contracts?"
No one had it from Congress; and the indi-
viduals contracting knew very well that the
contracting parties on the part of the Govern-
ment had no authority to go beyond the appro-
priation that was made at the last session. I
ask, then, how the Government becomes liable
in any way?
But, sir, I am opposed to making these
appropriations in any case until some law shall
have been passed by Congress that shall say to
the supervising architect of the Treasury that
he has got to limit his operations within the
means tbat we place in his hands, and that we
will punish him if he violates the law that we
make for his guidance. That I understand to
be the object of this amendment, and I hope
it will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say a word or
two in reply to what has been said in relation
to my remarks a few minutes since. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] said that
I passed by the appropriations that are to be
made for western post offices and public build-
ings and only offered this amendment when a
provision for an eastern post office was reachcd.
If he had heard my remarks he would have
heard me say that I was in favor of passing
such a law in relation to the public buildings
at Kansas City and St. Joseph, Missouri, and
Grand Eapids, Michigan, and Jefferson City,
and several other places in the West before I
mentioned the New York post office. I dis-
avow havingany local prejudices about this mat-
ter. I have as much pride in the public build-
ings of the country in the city of New York as
the gentleman himself possibly can have. He
says that the work is progressing, and the
gentleman from Ohio [ilr. Welker] says that
there will be a great loss if we do not go on
with it according to the plans and pictures
and specifications that have been made for the
building. No such thing. Let any man go to
the office of the supervising architect of the
Treasury and there he can see photograms of
the condition of the New York post office.
The cellar has been dug and some of the found-
ation stones have been laid, perhaps, at very
great expense ; but the character of the super-
structure is not at all fixed by the foundations.
Any man who has any proper ideas in rela-
tion to buildings knows very well that, so far
as ornament is concerned, you can put any
kind of superstructure above a foundation;
you can make the superstructure with columns,
or you can make it plain; you can take away
the Corinthian columns, the domes and towers,
the arches and statuary, and make it plain. 1
say to the gentleman that I would make this a
plain, solid, beautiful structure. If necessary
I would make it a Doric- building, and take
away all the ornamentation that is proposed
to be put upon it.
Now a few words in reference to what has
been said by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boiler] in regard to the vast amount of
excess of expenditures upon these buildings.
Those expenditures were made under commis-
sions, and, as I understand, there were no
plans and specifications permanently adopted.
Now, if we have done wrong in years past, if
we have transcended the law m respect to these
buildings, if wo have gone beyond the original
appropriations, is that any reason why we should
continue the vicious practice? If we have com-
mitted errors, if we have spent large amounts
of money without warrant of law, or if any-
body else has dono it, shall that policy be pur-
sued in future, or shall we not say that from
this time henceforward we will be economical?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it, merely to state
the necessity of having something fixed in re-
gard to this matter. This necessity grows upon
me from the argument of my colleague [Mr.
Butler] against it.
Now, to show how much we are at sea about
this post office building in New York city, I
will say that I have here the plans prepared by
a commission of five men, estimating the cost,
exclusive of the ground, at $3,542,930. That
estimate of five architects of New York was
reviewed up here at the Treasury Department,
and they were told that their estimate was
$100,000 too high. The supervising architect
now says that the estimate of the Department
was a mistake, and that it will cost $6,000,000
to build this post office according to the plans
which ho once estimated in his office could be
built for $3,435,878. He therefore proposes
to ask all this appropriation, and get up his
plan as he goes along. Now, I propose at
the proper time to fix some limit upon this
whole matter, and to make no further appro-
priations until we see beforehand whether it
can be limited, whether we can know what we
are to expend.
But I submit to this Committee of the Whole
that this appropriation of $400,000 should be
made, because it will involve no departure from
any plan that may hereafter be adopted, and
will save us a great deal of expense, from the
fact that without it some seven hundred men
must be discharged next week. We are threat-
ened, too, with being driven off from the park,
where we are now permitted by the common
council of New York to occupy ground with
our material. And unless we have that ground
for that purpose in addition to the ground pur-
chased for the building there will be no place
within perhaps a mile of this park upon which
to pile the material for constructing this build-
ing. Therefore, unless we want this additional
expenditure it is absolutely necessary to make
this appropriation in order to keep the work i
going on. And unless the parties interested f
in this building can at some time intimate to '
Congress what will be the limit of the cost of
the construction of this building, so that Con-
gress can decide in a spirit of liberality toward
the city of New York and still preserve a spirit
of economy in regard to the Treasury of the
United States, what shall be the amount to be
thus expended, so that we can act understand-
ing^, all future appropriations for this purpose
will have to be obtained without the aid of tho
present Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not now as good a
time as any for that purpose?
Mr. DAWES. Now would be as good a time
as any if it were not for what I have said in
reference to the necessityfor appropriating this
$400,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will not that state of
things always exist and require further appro-
priations to be made?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it will.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to say a word
or two on this subject; and at the outset let me
say that I am not going to make any personal
attack upon the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department or upon anybody else.
It has become very much in vogue here when-
ever any member criticises in a proper man-
ner the expenditures of the Government to im-
mediately set upon him and denounce him for
indulging in personalities. You must not touch
any of the men who are expending Government
money in this lavish way, because, as gentle-
men say, "they are not here to speak for them-
selves." Sir, I believe that the manner in which
a Government official expends th<? money which
is placed in his hands for public purposes is a
fair subject for criticism and debate in this
House; and in this respect I propose to do my
duty to my constituents who help to pay the
taxes to defray these expenses.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has referred to the Charleston cus-
tom-house. I think he is mistaken in saying
that that work was conducted by a commis-
sion ; but that makes no difference so far as
the point of this debate is concerned. Now,
it is true that the Charleston custom-house,
without having been finished to this day, has
cost a very large amount of money. I hold in
my hand a report made in 1862 by a commit-
tee of this House, the Committee on Public
Expenditures. The gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargent,] as the organ of the com-
mittee, in that report goes o>er very fully and
thoroughly the whole subject of the expendi-
tures upon the Charleston custom-house, and
also the expenditures upon the southern exten-
sion of the Treasury building, which was being
built of granite. Now, we have presented here
a strange coincidence worthy of note; and I
commend it to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and to every other apologist or defender
of the course of the present supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury.
The Charleston custom-house was to be of
marble, which, according to the contract, was
to be taken from the quarry at Hastings, New
York;_and the south wing of the Treasury
extension was to be built of granite to come
from Dix Island, the very place from which the
granite is coming for the New York post office.
We find that the contract in one of these cases
was made with Edward Learned, and in the
other with C. P. Dixon. Now, by turning to
the contract for the construction of the New
York post office we find that Edward Learned
and C. P. Dixon are now the president and
treasurer of the company who have taken the
contract for the New York post office. Those
two men, who acted separately when they were
fleecing the Treasury in connection with the
Charleston custom-house and the south wing
of the Treasury building, have, it seems, struck
hands, and are now into the Treasury clear up
to their elbows. There is another coincidence:
the same terms under which the Government
was fleeced in the two cases to which I have
referred are incorporated in the contract for
