16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
[December 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia,—Mr. Morgan.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
does it propose 1 To " reconstruct'' the State
of Georgia! Where did, you get that word?
In the Constitution? JJo, air; yon cannot find
the word "reconstruction" in .the Constitu-
tion, from the first clause to the last. The Con-
stitution tells you that new Statea way be ad-
mitted into the Union; the Constitution tells,
you that with the consent of the Legislatures
and of Congress, States may be formed by the
"junction" of other States or parts of States;
but nowhere do you find in the Constitution
authority given to reconstruct a State.
warning to new england.
And in this connection, sir, one word of
warning, not of threat, to New England. I hid
New England beware lest her curses, like
chickens, at no distant day come home to roost.
What does the Constitution provide? That
two or more Statea or parts of States, with the
consent of their Legislatures and the consent
of Congress, may be joined to form one State,
Suppose that at some distant day the South
and West should grow weary of New England
domination and New England dictation; of the
robbery by New England of the products of
the toil and energy and sweat of the agricul-
tural sections of the country; suppose they
should say to the New England States, "You
six States, with a population far less than that
of New York, with a population far less than
Pennsylvania, and with a population not greater
than Ohio, with twelve Senators while New
York has but two, while Pennsylvania has but
two, and while Ohio has but two, we will recon-
struct you."
And why not reconstruct Massachusetts as
well as Georgia ? Sir, after the State of South
Carolina, Massachusetts is more responsible
for all the evils which now afflict and curse our
land than all the rest of the States combined;
and after Massachusetts, the other States of
New England are responsible. There is jus-
tice in the providence of Heaven, and sooner
or later Ihe vengeance of God falls upon the
guilty. And I warn the New England States
to beware, lest their acts of usurpation and
wrougdo not some day come back to afflict and
punish them. It is true the Constitution guar-
anties to New England, with her population not
greater than that of Ohio, twelve Senators,
while Ohio has only two. jf t is the Constitution
that guaranties and secures to New England
the high prerogative of giving one of her people
as much power in the Senate of the united
States as is exercised by six people of Ohio.
This is not a natural right nor an equitable
right, but a right founded upon the basis of
State rights and State equality, and upon that
basis alone. Strike down the Constitution, par-
alyze that great instrument which protects
you in the exercise of this high prerogative,
and when the day comes, as come it may—
I do not wish it to come, for I stand by the
Constitution and the rights of the States, and
am willing that all these evils shall be corrected
by the people as they are about to be settled
by them—yet it may nevertheless come with-
out my wish or my will; and should the day
come when New England will be reconstructed
and the men who have been the leaders in pro-
moting this war and heaping upon the nation
a debt of nearly $3,000,000,000 and bringing
upon the people a system of taxation more
onerous and oppressive than any which weighs
upon any other people upon earth; when the
men of New England who committed all these
great wrongs shall be brought to account, what
will be their defense? The Constitution—the
Constitution, which they now trample under
foot in denying to one third of the States of
the Union their rights under that instrument.
powees oj congrbss.
Mr. Speaker, during the long years of. the
war the people witnessed frequent violations
of the Constitution without a murmur, because
they were told that its violation was. justified
by miliary necessity. But now, nearly five
years after the war closed,, when they witness
continued and, more flagrant violations of that
instrument on the pretext, not of military, but
of party necessity, they become filled with
anxiety and alarm, Jest under the garb of re-
publicanism they have entered on the career
of despotism.
, Sir, whither are we drifting ? Are our powers
as legislators limited or are they supreme?
Is this Government despotic or constitutional ?
Are we the agents or are we the masters of
the .people ? Have we a .right to disregard the
oath by which we are bound to support the
Constitution ? These, sir, are grave1 questions,
and in sober earnest they are put to the con-
science of this House,
Gentlemen on the other side seem to imagine
that Congress, like the British Parliament, is
omnipotent; that Congress has the right to
make just such laws and exercise just such
powers as the two Houses desire. Such a gov-
ernment, sir, is a despotism ; for a despot is a
ruler who does what lie chooses to do, and a
government is not the less a despotism because
it is composed of more than two hundred
members.
But what are the legislative powers of Con-
gress? Does the Constitution declare that all
legislative powers shall vest iu Congress ? No,
sir; that great charter of our rights and liber-
ties contains no such provision. But the first
section of the first article provides that "all
legislative powers herein granted"-—mark you
well, sir; not all legislative powers, but all
legislative powers herein granted—"by the
Constitution shall be vested in a Congress of
the United States." From which it follows
that Congress only'possesses such legislative
powers as are granted in that instrument, and
to exercise powers not so granted is usurpation,
But as if to guard against an era like the pres-
ent, when bad men- seek to perpetuate their
power even at the sacrifice of oivil liberty, the
tenth article of that instrument further pro-
vides that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to tbo Statea,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to tho
people."
Plainer language could not have been used to
restrict the Federal Government to the powers
specified in the Constitution ; and the usurpa-
tions of the past eight years show how wise it
was to guard against the creation of a despot-
ism under the garb of a republican government.
tnc condition of qeokgia.
Now, sir, let us consider the position of the
State of Georgia, and see what is proposed by
this bill.
The citizens of Georgia passed an ordinance
of secession and joined in armed insurrec-
tion against the Federal Government. The
insurrection was put down. What are called
reconstruction laws were passed by Congress,
and Georgia was required to abolish slavery
beforeshe could be restored to her rights as a
State in the Union. She abolished slavery.
She was required to repudiate her war debt;
it was repudiated. She was required to grant
the elective franchise to negroes; it was done.
And, in short, Georgia did everything required
of her by the_ reconstruction acts, and this
House recognized Georgia as a State of the
Union and admitted her Representatives to
seats on this floor. But that the matter may
be clearly usderstood, not only here but by the
country, I will read from the Congressional
Globe the report made to this House on the
25th day of July, 1866. It is as follows:
'' Membcrs-clad from Georgia.
"Mr. D awes. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report baek the credentials of J,W,
Glift and C. II. Prince, members-elect from tho State
of Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in sll other
respects having conformed to the requirements of
law in regard to tho admission of that State. These
gentlemen will take the oath presoribed by the act
of July 2,1863.
The report was agreed to.
"Mr. Clift and Mr. Pkjnce appeared and qual-
ified."
Then" sir, Georgia complied with every re-
quirement of Congress, and this House without
one dissenting voice recognized her as a State
in the Union with all the rights of other States,
and her Representatives occupied seats on this
floor during the second and third sessions of
the Fortieth Congress.
What, then, is the objectof the bill now before
the House? Let its title answer: "An act to
promote the reconstruction of the State of Geor-
gia." But in July of last year this House de-
clared that Georgia was already reconstructed.
What right, then, has this House, even under
the reconstruction laws, to insist on recon-
structing the State of Georgia any more than
on the reconstruction of Ohio? But we are told
that the Geergia, Legislature denied negroes
the right to seats as members, and therefore
that Congress has the right to abolish her State
government and put the Army aud Navy under
the control of Governor Bullock to enforce the
provisions of this act. The seventh section thus
reads:
Sup, r. A nd he it further enacted, That upon the
application of the Governor of Georgia the President
of tho United States shall employ such military or
naval forces of tho United States as may be necessary
to enforce and execute the preceding provisions of
this act.
This section places the Army and Navy of
the United States under the control of the Gov-
ernor of Georgia, And who is this individual
upon whose application the President shall
employ such military and naval forces as may
be necessary to carry out the provisions of this
act? A northern man by birth, he gave aid
and assistance to the rebellion; took part
against the kith and kin of his own fireside to
espoused the cause of the stranger. A northern
man by birth, who, according to his own admis-
sion, could not take the iron-clad oath in con-
sequence of his identity with the southern army
while making war against the Army of his own
native section. An apostate to the North in
the hour of her darkest need, be now abandons
and betrays the South in the hour of her defeat.
And this is the man who is to be given power
to require the President to place the Army and
Navy of the United States at his beck and bid-
ding.
I do not propose, sir, to discuss this bill in
detail, for in whole and in part it proposes
usurpation.
Mr. Speaker, the State of Georgia has con-
ferred the right to vote upon negroes, while
the State of Ohio has refused to do so by a
majority of more than fifty thousand votes.
Why, then, not undertake to reconstruct Ohio
as well as Georgia? When are your pretended
powers of reconstruction to cease ? If you can
vote a State in on one day and out on the next
upon any pretest you may choose to set up, is
it not evident that the Union can never have
stability, and that this incessant tinkering must
finally end in anarchy? Sir, I deny that Con-
gress has any right to interfere in the contested-
election eases in the Legislature of Georgia or
of any other State. But instead of making an
argument upon that subject myself I prefer to
quote what was well said by one of my col-
leagues [Mr. Schenck] at the spring session
of the present Congress. After stating that
the Legislature of Georgia had expelled a por-
tion of the members on account of color, he
" But then suppose Ohio, or Pennsylvania, or Mas-
sachusetts had clone Homctbing equivalent to it, how
arc we to remedy it? Ifc is claimed thaf we are to
throw ourselves upon tho doctrine that Georgia, has
never been reconstructed. Bat we are estopped from
doing that from the very fact that we have heretofore
acauiesced completely in that reconstruction."
