1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
deserve it, while papers of a larger circulation
might be able from their larger circulation to
pay postage.
I merely throw this suggestion out for the
consideration of the Senator from Ohio, if he
thinks it will better accomplish the purpose he
proposes to accomplish.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have voted, I believe, my
life long against sending free matter through
the mail. 1 think I have never given any other
vote, and I propose here to carry out my j
original preconceived opinions. j
The amendment which the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] submits, the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. j
Drake,] and the modification submitted by the
Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Willet,]
all admonish the Senate that there is legislation |
necessary for the regulation of the transmission I
of mail m&tter through the mails. It is wiser,
it is better, it is appropriate that all those sub-
jects shall be fairly considered by a committee
and presented in a report. !
The Senator from Ohio himself made a sug- j
gestion which met my hearty approbation. He
said it was eminently unjust that a paper which
may weigh the fourth of a pound should be
transmitted thousands of miles for the samerate
of postage that one smallin dimensions is trans-
mitted within its own county. These and vari-
ous other matters are those which invite and
demand the attention of the committee, for the
purpose of their regulation. Let ns keep them
all off this bill and pass it precisely as it comes
here, and let all these other various subjects
come up and reach our attention when a proper
bill shall be presented after it shall have been
matured by a committee, and not made up like
patchwork, presented here by different Sena-
tors who do not always comprehend precisely
how their amendments may affect existinglaws.
Mr. President, I now move that this matter
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of District of Columbia busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. I hope that now
that this matter is up, we shall go on with it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will
proceed with the District business. The Dis-
trict is entitled to it. The Senate has voted
it. I ask it. This bill does not go into effect
until the 1st of July. This hot haste of men
who do not want to vote for it I think may be
well understood. It may just as well go over
until to-morrow, and the Senate give what
they have solemnly voted this day to the Dis-
trict Committee. I want it. I ask it. I am
in earnest about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. But you want to get rid of
these perpetual petitions that are coming in.
Pass the bill and you are rid of those.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the census bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and upon it the Senator from New
York is entitled to the floor. Does he yield
to the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly; I understand
he does.
Mr. CONKLING. I was on the floor, and
was just about to say to the Senator from
Minnesota that I would yield to him to move
to consider the bill for the abolition of frank-
ing ; but as against District business and other
business, I must insist upon the Senate pro-
ceeding with the census bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. In view of that fact I hope
the Senator from Maine will withdraw nis
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield now to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota to move that we continue
the consideration of the bill relative to the
franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that we proceed
with the bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota must ask unanimous consent if the
census bill is to be informally passed over. If
he will state his motion, the Chair will put it as
the Senator desires it to be presented.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to pass over inform-
ally any business that stands in the way of the
bill with regard to the franking privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move to postpone
the unfinished business and the prior orders
and go on with that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to postpone the unfinished
business of yesterday and all prior orders and
to take up the bill for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield to the motion to
postpone the census bill and prior orders until
to-morrow for the purpose of going on with
the bill in regard to the franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. I put the motion in that
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion as
now made by the Senator from Minnesota,
will if successful call up the District business.
The Chair will state the condition of the busi-
ness of the Senate. The Senator from Minne-
sota moves to postpone the present order,
which is the census bill, and all prior orders.
That motion if carried will postpone the prior
orders, and then the resolution adopted by the
Sonate assigning Friday for the consideration
of bills reported from various committees will
have full force and effect. If the Senator from
Minnesota moves to postpone the present and
all prior orders for the purpose of continuing
the consideration of the bill in regard to the
franking privilege, and no division is asked of
that conjoint motion, and it should be taken
together, the motion if successful would then
bring up the bill in regard to the franking priv-
ilege 
Mr. HAMLIN. Begging pardon of the
Chair, I shall insist upon a separate vote. Let
the question be first put on the motion to post-
pone, and then the Senate will determine the
question what business they will take up.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I make the other
motion. I move to postpone the unfinished
business and all other orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maine had allowed the Chair to finish his
sentence he would have stated the exact con-
dition of things. The Senator from Minnesota,
the Chair thinks, has by usage a right to make
this conjoint motion, which has often been
made in the Senate, to postpone the present
and all prior orders, for the purpose of con-
sidering another bill; and that being divisible,
any Senator has a right to demand a division
of it. The first question, then, will be on post-
poning the present and all prior orders, and
the second question will be on proceeding to
consider the franking bill; and if the second
branch of the motion be rejected, the District
business will come up under the previous order
of the Senate. The Chair thinks the Senator
from Minnesota has a right to make the con-
joint motion, as it has been made hundreds
of times in the Senate; but any Senator has a
right to demand a division of the question.
The Senator from Minnesota makes the mo-
tion, and the Senator from Maine demands a
division. The first branch of the motion is to
postpone the census bill until to-morrow.
The question being put, this branch of the
motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the second branch of the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to abolish
the franking privilege. If this should be voted
down, District business will come up. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota. -
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. RAMSEY called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. The franking bill does not
take effect until the 1st day of July. There are
several bills which have been reported by the
District Committee which I desire shall be con-
sidered. They are important to the citizens
of this District; they ao not contain very im-
portant principles, but they _watit them passed;
they are urgent. One day in a week of a ses-
sion, when we do not get that day oftener than
once a month, is a very small portion of the
time for the consideration of the matters of
this District. The Senate have voted to give
this day to us and to other committees for pri-
vate business. I ask that they will, therefore,.
with no earthly necessity for voting upon this
franking bill to-day, be kind enough to give
force to what they have already voted.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make one re-
mark, which I make in consequence of the
Senator's saying that he understood the case
of those who were in hastef although they did
not wish to vote for this bill. I am not going
into a discussion about the franking privilege
or the franking practice. I have been voting
now for ten years for the abolition of that
practice, as often as an opportunity was af-
forded; and during that time I have waited
in vain to come to that day when, all things
considered, the appropriate time had arrived
to act on it. Now we are told that the enact-
ment is not to take effect until the 1st of July,
and therefore it is not worth while to consider
it to-day. Why not? Because, in addition to
its being postponed in effect until the 1st of
July, there are bills relating to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. President, the other day the Senator
brought forward a bill which concerned char-
ity, which was urgent in respect of time, as he
truly said, and the Senate acted upon it. I
beg to inquire what other bill there is coming
from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia which may not safely wait until this day
week, or which cannot safely wait until an
hour,within which time, as I think, a vote can
be taken on this bill. I beg to assure the Senator
that I am neither one of those unduly in haste
in reference to this measure, nor one of those
who do not wish to vote for it. I do wish to
vote for it. I wish on my own account, as well
as on the public account, to put an end to what
is called the franking privilege. But I do not
intend to make any argument or to provoke
any on that subject. I only submit that inas-
much as on some day all Senators want an
opportunity to vote one way or the other on
this measure which is vexing the public atten-
tion so much, and. vexing the Senate also, this
day, now that it is up, as well as any other
day, is the appropriate one; and I hope that
we may go on and vote, which I think we can
do presently, and have an end of all the cavil,
all the misrepresentation, and all the exaggera-
tion which concern the franking privilege.
And by the by, Mr. President, I beg, in jus-
tice to myself, to make one other remark, as I
do not expect to be heard again in reference to
the franking privilege. I have heard a great
deal of comment here in reference to send-
ing out petitions to be brought back ; I have
presented a great many of them; but I should
do myself injustice if I did not agree with other
Senators as to the extraordinary character of
that action. I think the measure for terminat-
ing this practice has been belittled and degraded
by the machinery which has been employed to
press it upon public attention. That I am free
to say. But, speaking of the question upon its
merits, speaking of the inconvenience and the
injustice which it does to members of the two
Houses, saying nothing about anything else, I
want to vote, when the proper time does arrive,
to abolish it; and I submit to Senators that we
may do it now, and have an end of it, without
standing seriously in the way of District busi-
ness or any other business. .
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am going to
vote against this motion to proceed with the
consideration of the bill abolishing the frank-
