1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8863
by which the resolution was adopted; and also j
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman is pres-
ent he will present himself to be sworn in.
Mr. Alexander S. Wallace then came for-
ward ; but before the oath was administered to
him,
Mr. RANDALL said: There are two or
three features of this case which I desire, as a
member of the Committee of Elections, to
present to the House.
Mr. CESSNA. I stated in advance that I
had no desire on the subject; and if any mis-
take has been made or fault committed it is
not mine.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not blame the gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair put the ques-
tion to the House distinctly, first upon second-
ing the previous question, then upon ordering
the main question, then upon adopting the
resolution, and lastly upon laying upon the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted.
Mr. RANDALL. I only want to %tate the
reason why I object to the report in this case.
Mr. CESSNA. If unanimous consent can
be had I will make a statement which, perhaps,
will be satisfactory.
No objection was made.
' Mr. CESSNA. As i stated when I called
up the case this morning, I had no desire ex-
cept to consult the wishes of the House. My
colleague on the committee reporting this case
[Mr. Randall] did not ask time of me to
make opposition to this report, but, on the
contrary, indicated to me, as well as I could
understand, that there would be no opposition
to it.
There is 'one thing which, perhaps, I should
have stated to the House, and which I desire
to state now. The report in this ease is based
upon three propositions. The first is this:
that when one of two candidates is ineligible
the votes given for him are of no effect, and
the other candidate is elected. I desiie to
state to the House that both of my colleagues
on the committee [Mr. Hale and Mr. Ran-
dall] dissent from the first proposition con-
tained in the report, and that so far as any-
body is to bo bound by that first proposition
there is no one to be bound by it but myself.
The other two propositions, however, are of
a different character. The first is that there
was such intimidation as in the judgment of
the committee invalidated the poll in several
of the counties of this district. The other
proposition is that enough voters were driven
from the polls because of violence and fraud
to have changed the result had their votes
been admitted. It, is well known that the judg-
ment of anv tribunal is all that is binding,
whether for all or either of the 'hree reasons
T have stated, or for any other reason not
given. If the judgment is right, the conclu-
sion follows as a matter of course. I do not
desire to take any advantage of gentlemen;
but no gentleman gave me any notice that he
desired to be heard upon this case.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say 
Mr. BUTLER,' of Massachusetts. I rise to
a noint of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that this debate is wholly out of
order. If these explanations can be made, I
desire that they be made after the member has
been sworn in. When that is done 1 will have
no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
thai vote has been laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. After my colleague [Mr.
CkfsnaJ has been allowed live minutes by
unanimous consent I think this discourtesy to
me is entirely unjust.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
the same unanimous consent that his colleague
[Mr. Cessna] has had.
Mr. CESSNA. I have no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Howmuch
time does the gentleman want?
Mr. RANDALL. I may want five minutes;
perhaps not so much.
Jilr. BROOKS, of New York. This is a
nrattergoitig outside of the committee. I have
something to say on this outrage attempted to
be perpetrated on the House.
Mr. BUl'LEU, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield. I must insist on my point of order
against the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] He always objects to Dominica.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has asked
unanimous consent that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] a member of
the Committee of Elections, be heard. Is there
objection ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will not
object if he be limited to five or ten minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall be content with
ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is
entitled to the floor for ten minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, as has
been truthfully said by my associate on the
committee, [Mr. Cessna,] I dissent from the
first proposition whisk he makes in this re-
port, that Mr. Simpson being ineligible, the
votes cast for him are null and void, and that
therefore the candidate who received the next
highest number of votes should be admitted.
My associate on the committee, the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] also, if I under-
stand correctly, dissents from that position.
The gentleman making this report gives us no
American authouty or precedent to sustain
his position, lie relies entirely upon English
authorities and English precedents. Now, I
maintain that in the formation of the Ameri-
can Congress there is no analogy to the con-
stitution of the British Parliament. The latter
is formed, as it were, on an aristocratic basis
of suffrage ; the American Congress rests, 1
may say, on universal suffrage.
As to the further positions taken by the chair-
man of the sub-committee, I have not deemed
it necessary to make any minority report; yet
I here express my dissent from the conclu-
sions of the majority of the committee, while,
at the same time, I am free to_ say that tins is
the strongest case of intimidation which, so far
as my knowledge extends, has been presented
to this Congress. Hence I was perfectly will-
ing that the report should pass, contenting
myself with voting against the resolution.
"Mr. ORTH. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] yields to me, that I may
make a parliamentary inquiry. It is whether
there is, under our rules, any mode by which
the House can get this question before it for
proper adjudication?
The SPEAKER. xVi
  As questions of this nature
have arisen in several cases recently, the Chair
will take this opportunity to state that when
the House has voted to admit a member the
recoid of the legislative action is not complete
until a motion to reconsider has been made and
that motion laid on the table. When the action
of the House has thus been consummated the
rightof the member to besvvorn in is complete ;
and it is a right which the Chair is compelled
to insist upon against any motion whatever.
Under such circumstances the Chair would not
entertain even a motion to adjourn or a motion
to determine the time to which the House shall
adjourn. When a gentleman has been declared
entitled to a seat, and a motion to reconsider
the decision has been laid on the table, it is the
absolute right of such a gentleman to he sworn
in; it is as much his right as it is the right of
any member on the floor to speak.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. But,levant to
suggest that in the confusion which existed im
the floor this morning there were not ten mem
bers who knew what was going on.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I itisisJ
on my point of order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Has not unanimous
consent been given that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr, Randall] shall speak ten
minutes?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has been allowed ten minutes, five of
which have expired.
Mr. RANDALL. There is one other point
ill the history of tliis case to which I wish to
direct the attention of the House and the
country. Mr. Simpson is confessedly inel-
igible. He was an officer in the confederate
army. He acknowledged the fact, never mak-
ing any attempt to controvert it. But the his-
tory of this case shows that when those in
rebellion laid down their arms no man more
strongly advised obedience to the reconstruc-
tion and other laws of the Congress of the
United States than Mr. Simpson.
When this case came up for the determin-
ation of the prima facie right to the seat I
introduced into the House a bill or resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, proposing to remove, as I thought
but proper and just, the disabilities of Mr.
Simpson. That proposition, and another of
similar character for the relief of Mr. Reid,
have received no attention whatever from the
committee, though they have repeatedly re-
ported bills to remove the disabilities of men
of their own party claiming seatsliom various
States of the South.
I maintain that the history of Mr. Simpson
shows that since he laid down his arms he has
been as loyal as any man supporting the Repub-
lican party whose disabilities have been re-
moved. I appeal to the House and the country
to say whether this is a creditable position to
be occupied byagreat national party now exer-
cising political control in this couutry. If the
members of the Committee on Reconstruction,
whose chairman [Mr. Bi'TLCR, of Massachu-
setts] has with other members of the commit-
tee declared himself in favor of measures of
general amnesty, are sincere in their profes-
sions, which I am bound respectfully to sa.y I
very much doubt, they will at an eariy day act
upon the propositions for removing the dis-
abilities of Mr. Reid and Mr. Simpson. Injus-
tice has been done to them by the long delay
in acting on their applications. This House ia
about to tinust into a seat here, as it did in the
case of Mr. Hogu from the same State, a man
sent here by only a minority of the district
which he claims to represent. _ I appeal to this
House to remove the disabilities of these men
and others in a similar position. Ever since
the cessation of the war they have accepted the
situation; they are no longer disloyal; tney
should be forgiven and placed upon the footing
of good citizens. They are men of talent and
influence, men whosehonorwillnot be violated,
if I have any time remaining I yie'.l it to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has three
minutes remaining.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania can yield any part of his time.
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman has
been granted time by the House he has the
control of the disposition of that time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I avail myself of the three minutes remaining,
not to discuss this case, but to state the
as presented before this House this morning.
On the early assembling of the JHouae,
almost immediately after the reading ^ -
Journal, when a quorum of the House t.■
present, and without a moment a consideraadtl.
