1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. of Reps.
Again lie
"I do not pretend that the court ean decide the
question in regard to the eligibility of members of
the Legislature, each branch of which is the judgeof
the returns and qualifications of its own members."
If, then, as is conceded, each house of the
Georgia Legislature, as of the Legislature of
Ohio and of the Houses of Congress, is the
judge of the qualifications and returns of its
own members, by what rule of right can Con-
gress break down the government of a State
and put the bayonet at the throats of her peo-
ple because the Legislature of a State acts as
she has legally the right to do ?
Suppose it be true that the Georgia, Legis-
lature did oust certain members entitled to
their seats, what is the rightful remedy ? An
appeal to the people. That is the only remedy
possessed by a member of this House when
wrongfully deprived of his seat. That was the
remedy resorted to by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] and by the humble
individual who has now the honor to address
this House, and in each case the people reme-
died the wrong by sending back the member
robbed of his seat by an overwhelming majority.
The people love justice, and in a legal manner
they are sure to resent the commission of a
great wrong. The true remedy, then, is to let
the Georgia contested cases go back to the
people of that State and by the people let them
be decided.
Again, Mr. Speaker, is it entirely modest in
this honorable body to place Georgia under
martial law because her Legislature is accused
of having unfairly decided certain election
cases ? Why, sir, it was only the other day the
following resolution, offered by the chairman
of the Election Committee, [Mr. Paine,] was
literally laughed out of this House. I will
read from the Globe of December 7, 1869:
" Mr. Paike. I submit the following resolution,
and demand the previous question:
"Resolved, That the trial of a contested-election
case is a judicial proceeding, and ought, like other
judicial proceedings, be exempt from personal and
partisan considerations and influences.
"Mr. Farnsworth. Is that a new doctrine or an
old one ?
"Mr. Benjamin. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
"Mr. Cox. I demand the yeas and nays on the
motion.
"Mr. Cttllom. X rise to a point of order. Tbe
point I take is that the question is not a privileged
one, and cannot be entertained without unanimous
consent.
"The Speaker. The Chair decidesthat this is not
a question of privilege, and that the resolution can-
no t be entertained without a suspension of the rules.
"Jfr.PAiNE. I move to suspend the rules m order
that the resolution may be entertained.
"Mr. Eldridge. I hope the rules will be sus-
pended, because this resolution is the best thing that
cvercamefrom my colleague, [Mr. Paine.] [Laugh-
ter.]
"Mr. Brooks. I demand the yeas and nays on
suspending tho rules.
" The yeas and nays were ordered.
" Mr., Paine. If not too late I will withdraw tho
resolution.
"Mr. Cox. I object.
" The Speaker. The gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paine] has a right to withdraw the resolution,
and it is not now before the House."
And the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] who was for years
chairman of the Election Committee, in a lec-
ture delivered by him in the city of New York
since the adjournment of the spring session of
this Congress, on "Procedure in Contested-
Election Cases,'' used the following language:
"All traces of a judicial character in these proceed-
ings are fast fading away, and tho precedents aro
losing all sanction. Each case is coming to be amere
partisan struggle. At the dictate of party majorities
the committee must fight, not follow the law and the
evidence; and he will best meet the expectations of
his appointment who can put upon the record tho
best reasons for the course thus pursued."
With such a record will this House punish
Georgia for doing what is done here not oniy
with impunity but in contempt of law?
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that this bill is to
be passed ; for never was a military corps better
41sx Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 2.
organized, never was a military despotism more
thoroughly enforced than in this body and this
Congress. Prom the headquarters of the Re-
publican party the order of the commanding
general, Wendell Phillips, has gone forth.
What was the order? I will read it, sir, from
the National Anti-Slavery Standard of March
13, 1869, and published while the Georgia bill
was pending before Congress. It reads thus :
""We beseech Grant to send men to the South
whose very names shall mean "—
What? Shall mean Union? No, sir. The
Constitution? No, sir. Reconciliation? No,
sir ; but men—
"whoso very names shall mean vengeance. Put
aside sham Governors (he says) and paltry officials,
and give lis the ' peace' which is sure to follow the
drawn sword in the hands of a prompt, honest man."
That, sir, was the order of Wendell Phillips,
issued to the leaders of this miscalled Repub-
lican party. The bill before the House is
imbued with its merciless spirit; it is the
monstrous offspring of that order, although I
do not charge that Wendell Phillips drew this
bill, for I do not know the fact. But whether
or not, the bill is his; it breathes his hate, it is
full of his deadly malice.
To show the stupendous nature of this wrong,
to show to what a height audacity can rise, I
propose in a few brief words to examine the
clause of the Constitution under which it is
proposed to consummate this act of wicked-
ness. What does the Constitution say?
" The United States shall guaranty to each State
in this Union a republican form of government."
Sir, I will not insult the honorable gentlemen
of the opposite party by supposing for a moment
thatthere is one amongthem who does not know
that this Government was formed by thirteen
republican States with republican governments.
Georgia was one of the thirteen. Georgia,
through her delegates, joined in the Declara-
tion of Independence. Georgia, through her
Representatives, assisted in forming the Con-
stitution which conferred upon Congress the
only powers which Congress can rightfully ex-
ercise. Then Georgia had a republican form
of government. It is true that under the con-
stitution of Georgia and the Constitution of
the United States a system existed which does
not now exist.
Upon the demand of the North a constitu-
tion was adopted by the people of Georgia
which prohibits slavery forever. And to atone
for the mad folly of the insurrection the ordi-
nance of secession was repealed and the war
debt was repudiated. But notwithstanding all
this evidence of an honest desire to be once
more restored to the brotherhood of the Union
this bill threatens to break down their State
government and again place the people of
Georgia under the accursed domination of the
sword; and that, too, under the pretense of
guarantying a republican form of government.
For a brief moment, let me invite your atten-
tion to the opinion of James Madison, who is
justly regarded as the author of the Constitu-
tion, as to the meaning of the clause referred
to. In the forty-third number of the Federal-
ist Mr. Madison says:
" In a confederacy founded on republican prin-
ciples and composed of republican members the
superintending Government oughtcloarly to possess
authority to defend the system against aristocratic
or monarchical innovations. The more intimate tue
nature of such an union may bo the greater interest
have tho members in tbe political institutions of
each other, and the greater right to insist that the
forms of government under which the compact was
entered into should be substantially maintained.
" It may possibly be asked what need there could
be of such a precaution, and whether it may not
become a pretext for alterations m the State gov-
ernments without tho concurrence of the States
themselves. These questions admit of ready answers.
Ifthe interposition ofthe General Governmentshould
not be needed the provision for such an event will
be a harmless superfluity only m the Constitution.
But who ean say what experiments may be produced
bv the caprice of particular States, by tho ambition
of enterprising leaders, or by the intrigues and lntlu-
enee of foreign Powers? To the second question it
may be answered that if the General Government
should_interpose by virtue of this constitutional
authority it will be of course bound to pursue the
authority; but the authority extends no further
than to a guaranty of a republican form of govern-
ment which supposes a preexisting government of
the form whieh is to be guarantied." -
Georgia came into the Union with a repub-
lican form of government, and unless the abo-
lition of slavery be anti-republican she has a
republican form ofgovernmentto-day; and all
that Congress has the right to do under the
Constitution is to guaranty a government sub-
stantially the same as that with which she be-
came one of the United States.
fifteenth amendment.
To further show, sir, the atrocity of this
whole proceeding I wish to refer for an instant
to that provision of this bill which provides
that Georgia shall not be allowed represent-
ation in Congress until she ratifies the fifteenth
amendment, while the fact is that Governor
Bullock admitted when before the Reconstruc-
tion Committee that that amendment would
have been ratified by the Georgia Legislature
had it not been for the opposition made by him-
self and his party friends ; and his excuse was
that he was not willing to ratify that amend-
ment in such company. This charge will not
be denied by Governor Bullock, or any gentle-
man of the Reconstruction Committee who was
present when that admission was made. And
yet you now deny Georgia representation un-
less she ratifies the fifteenth amendment,
although when she did propose to ratify it
through your agents in Georgia you voted rati-
fication down.
our soldiers fought for the union, not for a
despotism.
Sir, had Congress been animated by the same
sentiment which inspired the hearts ofthe brave
men who carried their knapsacks and muskets,
and who did the fighting in the late war, the
Union would have been restored five years ago,
and peace and prosperity, good will and broth-
erhood would reign this day over the whole
land.
I hold in my hand a paper which I have not
time to examine now, but to which I intend on
some future occasion to call the attention of
this House and tho country in order to show
in its true light the betrayal of the country and
the betrayal of the Army by those who pretend
to be the especial friends of both. When
Johnston surrendered to Sherman a conven-
tion was formed between those chiefs. Lee
had already surrendered. What was that con-
vention? The army under Johnston was to
surrender to Sherman, as Lee's army had sur-
rendered to Grant. They were to lay down
their arms and return to their homes ; officers
and soldiers to sign a solemn obligation never
again to take arms against the United States ;
State Governors and legislators were to take
an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and should any question arise
as to the legitimacy of any of the State govern-
ments it was to be submitted to the judgment
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
I regret to say it, but that convention of Sher-
man is the single act of statesmanship which
relieves the history of the past nine years. Had
it been ratified, had the southern people been
received back into the Union in good faith, as
they had asked to be, in a spirit of brother-
hood, we would have had a stronger and more
glorious Union to-day than our country had
ever known in its history. There would have
been not only a union of lands, but there would
have been a union of hearts. It is a fact, Mr.
Speaker, that the people of the North and the
people of the South misconceived the char-
acter of each other before the war. The peo;
pie of the North misunderstood the people of
the South and believed them to be incapable
of bearingthe privations and toil of a great war.
