1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
say that at present Mr. Hulburd has no au-
thority whatever except as a subordinate under
Mr. Mullet. My amendment proposes to en-
large his authority.
Mr. WELKER. And to take the matter
from under the control of the Secretary of the
Treasury entirely?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Take it from the
control of Mr. Mullet. Why, Mr. Chairman,
I hold in my hand the testimony of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury upon this subject. He
testifies in substance that he does not know
anything about this matter.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then had you not better
remove him?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No. I do not think
we had. I submit to any intelligent man whether
the Secretary of the Treasury can reasonably
be expected, with his manifold duties, to attend
to superintending the construction of build-
ings all over the States and Territories of this
Union?
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will have the testimony of the Secretary of the
Treasury read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will read it.
'' Question. Have you ever examined personally the
plans for tho New York post office prepared by the
commission created by an act of Congress ?
"Answer. Not as I recollect.
" Question. Did the judicial or postal officers of tho
Government make any complain t as to the plans pre-
pared by the commission under the act of Congress ?
"Answer. Not that I recollect.
"Question. Did you direct Mr. Mullett to prepare
new plans for that building?"
Mr. Mullett, mark you, had just sworn that
the Secretary of the Treasury had directed the
preparation of new plans.
"Answer. I have no recollection of doing so.
" Question. Have you exercised any, and if so, how
much personal supervision and inspection of mate-
rials proposed to be used, of bids, or proposals, or
contracts, in reference to that building ?
"Answer. Irecollectlookingatspecimensof granite
in Mr. Mullet's room, but I think notwith reference
to the Ncw York post office. Mr. Mulletadvised that
the proposals were very favorable to the Government,
and such was my opinion.
"Question. Upon whose recommendation was Mr.
O'Beirne appointed disbursing officer of the New
York post office?
"Answer. I think Postmaster Jones was appointed
disbursing officer for the post-office building."
That is all there is upon that subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not
desire that the control of the construction of
this building shall be taken out of the hands
of the Secretary of tho Treasury. It now
belongs there by law, and I wish it to be left
there. If the Secretary of the Treasury desires
to delegate his authority in this regard, as he
must of course do from the variety and extent
of his duties, let him take the responsibility.
Let him select a person whom he deems suit-
able, and let us hold the Secretary responsible
for the manner in which the duty is performed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to correct him? The Secretary of
the Treasury is not charged by law with the
erection of this building; the building is not
for the use of the Treasury Department.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Mullet is not charged
with it by law. He gets all his authority from
his appointment to the place he holds under
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Treasury Depart-
ment controls him.
Mr. DAWES. Nobody has anything to do
with it except the Treasury Department. Mr.
Mullet holds his authority as supervising arch-
itect over these buildings by reason of his
appointment from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I have as much confidence in Mr. Hul-
burd as the gentleman from Illinois, and I have
just as strong a belief as he has in reference
to the extravagance of Mr. Mullet, and while I
say this, I do not mean to impugn Mr. Mullet's
character or credit. We are to hold the officer
who appoints him responsible for his doings,
as Mr. Mullet himself is beyond our control.
I am for keeping each man within his proper
sphere andholding each responsible for duties
imposed upon him. The Secretary of the
Treasury has the appointment of this officer,
and I do not care to take that appointment from
him or to relieve him from the responsibility
which belongs to it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it not to be supposed
that the Secretary of the Treasury is himself a
better judge of how his subordinates perform
their duties than we are?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know as to that,
but he is responsible for the manner in which
they perform them and we are not, and that
makes all the difference in the world.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does he notknow more
about them than we do ?
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt he does.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move the follow-
ing amendment, to which I understand the
chairman of the committee consents :
Provided, That this appropriation shall not be so
expended, or any part of it, so that theplan of the
building may not be remodeled or changed after its
expenditure without loss to the Government.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For furniture for tho court-houso at Springfield,
Illinois, $15,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert the fol-
lowing :
Capitol extension:
For continuing the work on the Capitol grounds
and repairing tho Capitol buildings, $20,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand a division on
that amendment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 60, noes 37.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded tellers.
Mr. DAWES. I can explain the amendment
if necessary.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that will be done.
Mr. DAWES. This money has been ex-
pended, but when expended it was to be paid
out of a particular fund ; but Congress having
altered the law compelling it to be paid out of
the contingent fund, and that fund having been
exhausted, this appropriation is rendered neces-
sary.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
House of Representatives :
To defray the expenses of folding documents, in-
cluding materials for tho House of .Representatives,
$30,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out that
paragraph, as the appropriation has already
been made in another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For pay of throe mail-carriers, at $1,095 each,
$3,2S5.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out that
paragraph for the same reason, as it has been
provided for in another bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the usual additional compensation to tho
reporters of tho Senate for the Congressional Globe,
for reporting the proceedings of the Senate for the
first session of the Forty-Eirst Congress, $800 each,
$4,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the word
"first" and insert "second;" so it will read
for "the second session of the Forty-First
Congress," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional Globe,
for reporting the proceedings of the House for the
first session of tho Forty-First Congress, $800 each,
$4,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the word
"first" and insert the word "second;" so it
will read "for the second session of the Forty-
First Congress," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to amend by adding
after the one hundred and seventeenth line the
following: *
To defray tho expenses of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs incurred in the recent investigations on
order of the House of Representatives, to bo paid
into the contingent fund of the House, such sum as
may be necessary, not exceeding $4,000.
For contingent fund and miscellaneous expenses
of the House of Representatives, to defray outstand-
ing indebtedness incurred by investigating commit-
tees and in the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House, $3,825.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Utah:
For additional salary of chief justico and two
associates, at $1,000 each, $3,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
above paragraph by striking out the last word,
for the purpose of inquiring of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations if this is
the time to raise those salaries ?
Mr. DAWES. The salaries were raised by
law previously; but no appropriation was made
to fill the amount to which they were raised.
They were raised $1,000 each.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why, then, is the word
"additional" used?
Mr. DAWES. Because the amounts addi-
tional to that which has previously been appro-
priated for this year. After the appropriation
was made last year for the regular salaries of
this year the salaries were raised; and this
amount is additional to the amounts appropri-
ated in the appropriation bill for this year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then you should have
said an additional amount of money, and not
an additional salary.
Mr. DAWES. I am not responsible for the
grammar of the paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations if he did not provide in the appro-
priation bill of last year to repeal the "law grant-
ing additional compensation, and whether this
is not-covered by that provision?
Mr. DAWES. Itisnot. Myfriend need not
be apprehensive about his own pay. [Laugh-
ter.] *
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington Territory:
For compensation and mileage of the members of
tbeLegislativo Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington, and for officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of tho Assembly, $8,676.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I move
to amend by inserting after line one hundred
and thirty-six the following:
For paper, printing, binding, and folding tho bills,
laws, and journals oi the Legislative Assembly oftho
Territory of Washington, for the session begun and
held on the first Monday of October, 1869, $6,000.
Mr. Chairman, as my people have no vote
on this floor, I shall have to depend upon the
magnanimity and justice of this House to do
what is right by them; and if the House is dis-
posed to extend to my people what is just and
right, I ask it for a few moments to listen to a
plain statement of the case. But in the first
place, I shall ask the Clerk to read a commu-
nication from the Comptroller of the Treasury,
which I now send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, March 15,18/0.
Sill: Referring to your letter of this date, X have
the honor to state that tho amount of money appro-
priated for the entire expenses of the Legislatureoi
Washington Territory for the two years commencing
the 1st of July, 1869, has been $12,000; and that the
average amount for printing for the Legislature,
annually, has been about six thousand dollars.
Respectfully, yours, R. W. TAYLOR,^
Hon. S.GrARFiELDE, Delegateof WashingtonTerritori/.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. A
very brief statement of figures will give the
reason for this amendment. By an examina-
tion of the Statutes-at-Large for the last ten
years it will be discovered that the annual
appropriation for legislative purposes has been
§20,000. Last year the appropriation was but
