1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
olution reported by the special committee is
fairly supported by the proof in the case ; and
therefore, if I had an opportunity of speaking
on this case, it was my purpose to say a few
words in favor of swearing in Mr. "Wallace on
the third ground indicated in their report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question before he concludes.
Air. BIRD. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin can yield for a question if he pleases.
Mr. PATNE. I do not feel that I have a
right to yield, but if there is no objection I
will do so.
Air. BIRD. I object.
Air. KELSEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Air. Burii,] a member of the Committee
of Elections, asks to bo heard for a moment.
Air. BIRD. I object.
Air. PAINE. The gentleman from Illinois
ought to be heard.
Air. BURR. 1 trust I may bo heard for a
moment.
Air. BIRD. I withdraw rny objection.
Air. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. BURR. Three minutes is all I ask.
Air. VAN WYCK. Iwithdrawtheobjection.
Mr. BURR. Being informed in mj' sick
room that this case would probably be acted
o,n to-day I came to argue it; but as the House
has already decided that Air. Wallacc shall be
seated, I content myself with a few minutes
by unanimous consent, to make sure that my
position iti this case may be known. Though
informed that this ease would be up to-day, I
did not suppose that it would be brought up so
early in the day as it seems to have been. I
am hero for the purpose of entering my pro-
test against a practice which I believe to be
subversive of the right of representation of the
American people.
I aver, and the record will bear me out in
the assertion, that the party himself claiming
the seat, in his notice and in his proof to sus-
tain it, bases his claim to the seat on the legal
ineligibility or disability of the candidate who
received the highest number of votes. On
that he predicated his contest, on that ho based
his notice, on that he has taken his proofs, and
it is on that ground only that he can, if at all,
vindicate his right to the seat.
This House goes back on its previous pre-
cedents in seating him. It reverses the prin-
ciple that in the legislative department, as well
as in the country at large, the majority must
rule. In seating him it hands over to the
minority of voters in the legislative department
the control of public affairs. In seating him
it has rebuked the former worthy chairman of
the Committee of Elections, who in a long and
learned argument, (see report of Smith vs.
Brown, of Kentucky, Fortieth Congress,) here-
tofore unanswered, came to the conclusion that
the people of the United States, acting through
Congress, could not vest in a minority the right
to decide the representation from a district
upon the floor of this House without at the
same time surrendering to that minority the
control of the Government, and consenting as
it were to disrupt the Government itseli, by
passing,from the majority to the minority the
control of all governmental affairs.
I am not a member of the special committee
which reported this case ; but as a member of
the general Committee of Elections, knowing
this case from its inception, having investi-
gated it in person and having argued it on the
prima facie case when the House refused a
seat to the contestant, and having read the
additional testimony presented since, 1 piotest
against this action of the House, predicated
as it is upon the sole claim of the right of a
minciilv to override the majority, bceause they
choose not to vote as the minority desire them
to. English precedents are m the line of the
views I have presented, and I think that Amer-
ican action should follow the same just rule.
A Member. The English precedents are just
the reverse of the statement of the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. BURR. Well, that suggestion may come
from an honest difference of opinion, but the
test of correctness is in history. I have fully
prepared for an argument of this case, it being
the first one in the House resting its full claim
on the minority doctrine, and I desire here to
say that in my investigation into the British
precedents I am largely indebted to my intel-
ligent and eloquent friend from Kentucky, [Air.
Ivnott.] But to the facts. It is true that it
has been held in some eases in England, both
by the House of Commons and the court of
king's bench, that where the majority candi-
date was laboring under a legal disability at the
time of the election, the person receiving the
next largest number of votes should bo con-
sidered elected, provided in every case, how-
ever, that the electors who voted for him
knew of his disqualification when they cast
their votes ; but even there the rule contended
for by the contestant in this case has been in
several memorable cases declared not to betiie
law.
Among these may be mentioned that of the
celebrated Sir Robert Walpole, so long con-
spicuous as the prime minister of George 1
and George II, which must be familiar to every
student of English history. lie had been com-
mitted to the Tower and expelled from the
House of Commons for a high breach of trust
in the execution of his office and notorious
corruption when secretory of war, and was
declared incapable of being elected to Parlia-
ment. Nevertheless, on the 11th of February,
1711, while coniisod as a prisoner, he was
elected as burgess from King's Lynn, and upon
his being petitioned against by certain freemen
of that borough, in favor of Samuel Taylor, the
minority candidate, the House of Commons,
although declaring Walpole's disability, voted
down a resolution declaring Taylor entitled to
the seat, and vacated the election. (See Jour-
nal House of Commons, March G, 1711.)
But perhaps the most famous case in which
the question under discussion was ever involved,
if not the most remarkable one in the entire
annals of the British Parliament, was that of
the celebrated John Wilkes, which occurred
about the time of our Revolution, and had,
perhaps, as much influence in the formation of
the American idea of the right of popular rep-
resentation as any other agency whatever. Air.
Wilkes had been returned to the House of
Commons as the member from Aliddlesex, but
was expelled for seditious libel, and declared
disqualified to be reelected to that Parliament.
Notwithstanding this, however, he was again
elected, and this time without opposition ; but
on the 17th February, 1709, the House resolved
"that John Wilkes, esq., having been in this
session of Parliament expelled this House, was
and is incapable of being elected a member to
serve in this present Parliament," and there-
upon declared the election void and ordered a
new writ. On the 17th of the following Alarch,
Mr. Wilkes having been again elected without
opposition, the House again resolved the elec-
tion void, and ordered another writ. At the
third election, notwithstanding the ineligibility
of Mr. Wilkes was expressly recited in the
writs of election and read to the electors at
the polls, he received 1.14'] votes against 29G
cast for Colonel Henry L. Luttrell, and was
returned as the duly-elected member from Alid-
dlesex. The House, however, amended the
return, and cn the Sth of Alay resolved that
Mr. Luttrell was duly elected. Here the inca-
pacity of Wilkes had been thrice solemnly re-
peated by resolution of the House of Commons,
and a full notice thereof given to every voter at
the polls before he cast his vote, and the rule
contended for by contestant in this case was
applied ; but the action of the House in doing
so raised such a storm of popular indignation
from one end of England to the other as that
kingdom has rarely experienced in all the
various periods of political excitement through
which it has passed. All classes, from the
lord chancellor down to the smallest freeholder
in the realm, felt themselves outraged, and
their liberties endangered by it. At the next
session a debate arose in the House of Lords
on the openins- of Parliament concerning this
action of the House of Commons ia giving the
minority candidate the seat in spite of the will
of the majority, and Lord Camden, the lord
chancellor of Great Britain, expressed his dis-
approbation of it in the following emphatic
terms :
"I consider the decision of that affair as a dircct
attack upon the first principles of the constitution;
and if in the judicial exorcise of my oiEce 1 were to piy
any regard to that or any other such vote passed in
opposition to the known and established laws of the
land, I should look upon myself as a traitor to my
trust and an enemy to my country."
In the mean time the celebrated Junius had
made it the subject of several of the most
forcible of all his wonderful series of immortal
letters. -In his terrible philippic of July 8,
17G9, addressed to the Duke of Grafton, he
says:
"The arbitrary appointment of Mr. Luttrell in-
vades the foundation of the laws themselves, as it
manifestly transfers the right of legislation from
those whom the people have chosen to those whom
they have rejected. With a succession of such ap-
pointments we may soon see a House of Commons
collected m t he choice of which the other towns and
counties of England will have as little share as the
devoted county of Middlesex. Yet I trust that the
people of this country are neither to bo intimidated
by violent measures nor deceived by refinements.
When they see Ail'. Luttrell seated in the IIouso of
Commons bynicre dint ot powei\andindireefcoppo-
sition to the choice of a whole county, they will not
listen to the subtilties by which every exertion of
authority is explained ijlto lawa.nd privilege of Par-
liament. It requires no persuasion of argument., but
simply f he evidence of their senses, to convince them
that to transfer the right of election from the col-
lective to the representative body of the people con*
tradicts all those ideas of a li ouse of Commons which
they have received from their forefathers, and which
they have already, tlioush vainly, perhaps.^ deliv-
ered to their children. The principles on which this
vi oient, measure has been defended have added scorn
to injury, and forced us to leel that wo arc not only
oppressed but insulted."
Again he says:
"Onr dearest interests are at stake. An attempt
has been made not merely to rob a single county of
its rights, but by inevitable consequence to alter the
constitution of the House of Commons. This fatal
attempt lias succeeded, and stands as a precedent
recorded forever. If the ministry are unable to
defend their eau=;o by fair argument, founded on
facts, let them spare us at least the mortification of
being amused and deluded like children. X believe
there is yet a spirit of resistance in this country which
will not submit to be oppressed; but I am sure there
is a fund of eood sense in tins country which cannot
bo deceived."
This eloquent and powerful writer was mis-
taken, however, in supposing that this fatal
precedent could stand recorded forever. The
English people never lost sight of the matter
for a single moment. The subject was agitated
in every succeeding session until the 3d of
Alay, 1782, nearly thirteen years, when the
House of Commons, by an overwhelming vote,
not only reversed the decision which gave the
'seat to the minority candidate, but resolved
that all declarations, orders, and resolutions
respecting the incapacity of Air. Wilkes, de-
claring his election void and that of Luttrell
legal, should be expunged from the journal,
" as being subversive ol the rights of the whole
body of electors of the kingdom;" and thus
ended this long and persistent contest for the
right of the people to bo represented by the
man of their own choice. But this is not the
last, although the most remarkable instance
in which the rule contended for by the con-
testant has been denied even by the British
House of Commons.
In 1S03 Hon. George Knox was returned
for Dublin University, notwithstanding he was
not a member of that or any other university in
Great Britain, and was, therefore, not qualified
to represent them ia Parliament. Dr. Plunlielj
the opposing candidate, gave -riotico ot the
existence of this disqualification to every voter
at the polls, and warned them that their votes
would be thrown away if given to Air. ivnox.
