1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. oe Eeps.
ized in Georgia. Then, because the people
murmur and mourn, petition and remonstrate,
protest and implore for relief against their
oppressors, they are denounced as disloyal,
held to be still rebellious, and forthwith their
restored statehood is taken from them, they
are thrust rudely out of the Union, their func-
tions as a State are suspended, and they are
remitted, not to the strong arm of military
power, for even that would be tolerable, but
to the merciless power aDd keeping of a corrupt
and perfidious Governor.
That man is most justly hated by the people
of Georgia. He is looked upon as their enemy,
their traducer and oppressor. His own polit-
ical associates in the State, his own treasurer
of State, a life-long Republican, publicly de-
nounces him as a defaulter, a lawless plunderer
of the State treasury, a corrupter of the press,
and a deliberate promoter of strife, discontent,
and confusion in order to conserve his own
selfish and wicked purposes. Other testimony
sustains that of Mr. Angier, and leaves no doubt
of his base character, infamous designs, and
lawless conduct.
It cannot be assumed in extenuation of the
conduct of the majority in this House or of
the majority at the other end of this Capitol,
or of the President, that they are ignorant of
the true character of this man. They know
that he and a few others like him alone impor-
tune and plead with the President to recom-
mend and Congress to enact this bill; and they
know that his salary as the Governor of Georgia
is only $5,000 a year, and they know he comes
here to prosecute his cruel and base schemes,
flourishing a stylo that is almost regal, giving
sumptuous dinners to Senators and Represent-
atives at great expense, paid for, beyond any
doubt, with money feloniously taken from the
treasury, the hard earnings of the people of
Georgia. They know that it is charged by his
political associates in that State, and is un-
questionably true, that he has used very large
sums procured in the same umighteous man-
ner to purchase the support of men and news-
papers there to aid him in his selfish aims here,
to besmear him with eulogy and malign and
slander the people of his State, his own con-
stituents ; to misrepresent their condition and
conduct, to exaggerate and falsely magnify the
disorders in the State and the feelings and
purposes of the people. They know that he
is condemned by nearly all the good men of
Georgia.
Yet under these extraordinary circum-
stances the President of the United States and
the majority in the Senate and House, the great
Republican party, the party of " great moral
ideas," have made themselves ihe allies, the
defenders and supporters of this man Bullock,
this modern Republican Verres, this procon-
sular oppressor of his own people. It issad to
believe that these things can be done in this
age and country. Now at his bidding^ this
unprecedented and recklessly unconstitutional
bill is about to be passed. He moves busily
about the Hall, going from ear to ear of his
political friends and whispering therein his
malignant suggestions and slanders against his
suffering subjects. Not long since he was the
poor agent of a southern express company, pro
moting to the utmost of his ability the service
and interests of the confederacy ; now he is the
impersonation of the well-fed, well-groomed,
not over-burdened gentleman of leisure, exhib
iting in his person the oleaginous plumpness
of an eastern prince.
It is scarcely possible from the arguments of
the majority in favor of this bill to determine
upon what legal or constitutional premises they
desire to place it. Its title is '1 An act to pro-
mote thereconstructionofthe State of Georgia."
But that title involves a falsehood, because
Georgia was fully reconstructed nearly a year
ago, and was so solemnly declared by this
House and by the Government in many ways.
The title, to express honestly the true object
of the bill, in my judgment ought to be "An
act to enable R. B. Bullock to expel enough
white men and Democrats from, and substitute
enough negroes in, the Legislature of the State
of Georgia to give the Republican party a
majority therein, put at their mercy the destiny
of the State, elect R. B. Bullock and Foster
Blodgett to the Senate of the United States,
and accomplish other partisan purposes." It
is trifling with the intelligence of this House
and of the country to pretend that Georgia is
not a State inthe Union as fully and completely
as New York or Maine. It is no fault of that
State that its Representatives and Senators are
not now occupying their proper places in Con-
gress ; it is rather the disgrace of Congress that
they are not. They have been legally chosen,
and have been denied their seats because they
are Democrats and Conservatives.
It is intimated by some gentleman that Con-
gress may enact this bill into a law because it
is the duty of Congress to guaranty a republican
government to each State in the Union. But
there is no such provision in the Constitution.
That instrument does say that " Congress shall
guaranty to each State a government republican
in form.'" The present constitution of Geor-
gia was framed, submitted, and ratified by
Georgia under congressional domination ; was
submitted to Congress; was approved and rati-
fied again by Congress, and declared to be
republican in form prior to the admission of
its Representatives in this House in the For-
tieth Congress. And this abominable bill
nowhere proposes to make or to require to be
made any change whatever in that constitution.
This claim of authority is therefore only a pre-
tense, a makeshift in the absense of any better
ground.
Another gentleman suggests that it is the
duty of Congress, having itself forced upon
a State a constitution that it has adjudged re-
publican in form, to compel that State to main-
tain a practical administration of that govern-
ment which shall command the approbation of
Congress; in other words, each State mustcon-
strue and administer its own government and
regulate its own domestic conduct and policy
according to the omnipotent will of Congress ;
and Congress may at all times supervise the
conduct, laws, and policy of the States, and
judicially determine whether they are repub-
lican in spirit or not, and if not, then declare
them, as Congress attempts to do in this bill
as to certain acts of Georgia, to "be illegal
and revolutionary." These startling doctrines
fitly and impressively indicate with what fear-
ful rapidity Radicalism marches on toward the
possession of absolute power. It halts at
nothing. Constitutional inhibitions interpose
no barriers. They are daily overleaped with
a confident reliance on the indifference or in-
sensibility of the people. And the people are
not alarmed. Twenty years ago the attempt
to pass this bill would have convulsed this
country with alarm and indignation. It would
have been denounced as treasonable. _ Will the
people never awake to a just appreciation of
their peril?
Mr. Speaker, another gentleman finds war-
rant for this monstrous measure in the third
section of the fourteenth amendment. He says
the Legislature of Georgia expelled certain col-
ored men therefrom on the ground that under
the constitution and laws of that State they
were ineligible to hold office, and allowed cer-
tain white men to have seats therein who were
disqualified by the fourteenth amendment on
account of participation in the rebellion. The
obvious answers to these positions may be
briefly stated and cannot be controverted. The
constitution of Georgia, like that of every other
State in the Union, and like that of the United
States, makes its legislative bodies, respect-
ively, the exclusive judges of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of their own members.
In the determination of these questions allsuch
bodies act judicially, and there is no appeal
from their decisions. So did the Legislature of
Georgia. Bat it is alleged that their decision
was wrong; that colored men are eligible in
that State to hold office as well as to vote; and
that therefore Congress may compel them to
undo it. Thus are you at every point, by the
logic of your revolutionary theories, driven to
take refuge in the omnipotence of Congress.
The decision of the Legislature of Georgia
may have been erroneous—I believe it was
right—but that same Legislature, to avoid any
trouble, were willing to remit the final decision
of the question to their own supreme court and
to conform their conduct to that decision. That
court did decide it, by a majority of the court,
in favor of the colored man's eligibility. The
Legislature might then have been called to-
gether at any time by the Governor, but he
would not convene it, because he did not want
that decision obeyed and the colored members
readmitted to their seats, but desired to use
their original decision to influence Congress
and aid him in securing the enactment of this
bill. Then this bill must be rushed through
under the gag and the lash of party discipline
before the recess of Congress for the holidays,
because, under the constitution of Georgia, the
Legislature will meet on the second Wednes-
day of January next, just a few days after Con-
gress reassembles, and might at once conform
its action to that decision of the court and thus
deprive Congress of any decent pretext for the
enactment of this bill.
The friends of this bill can find no support
for it in the third section of the fourteenth
amendment. That section declares that " no
person shall be a senator," &c., who after
having held certain offices engaged in rebel-
lion. It contains no grant of power to Con-
gress, except to provide a mode for the trial
and punishment of persons who disregard that
section, which trial and punishment can only
take place after the enactment of the appro-
priate legislation, and after due presentment
or indictment; and then the trial must take
place before and the punishment be adjudged
by a competent judicial tribunal. It confers
no right upon us to legislate for a State, or to
amend its laws or constitution, or to overthrow
its civil government, or supersede its officers,
or confer upon them or others the control of
the State, or to displace a civil government by
law with a military government by force, or to
subject any portion of the people in times of
peace or war to the iron hand of corrupt des-
potic power. That amendment if it was con-
ceived, was certainly not ratified in any cruel
or fraudulent intent to enable Congress to sub-
vert the governments of the States, or to destroy,
suspend, or deny their original right of local
self-government. But this bill proposes to do
these things under its authority. If the admis-
sion of thirty members by any State Legisla-
ture who cannot take the test- oath confers these
fearful powers on Congress, then the admission
of five or of one such would produce the same
result. If any State in the (Jnion should by
design or accident fail to purge its public ser-
vice of all such disqualified officers, upon the
theory of this bill Congress^ might overturn its
government and dictate to it another.
Under this section the disability is and can
only be a personal disability, resulting from
the participation in the rebellion after having
held some one of the specified offices and taken
the specified oath. If any offense or crime is
committed by any person under such disability
by holding any such forbidden office that offense
or crime is also personal only. The State in
its corporate capacity cannot commit such a
crime; it cannot be indicted, arraigned, tried,
convicted in any court of justice, or punished
