2922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I
was laboring under the same misapprehension
in reference to this matter that the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] was. On retiring
from the afternoon session of the House, as is
my usual custom, I purchased a copy of the
Evening Star near the main entrance to the
Capitol, and read among the first articles that
the Pennsylvania delegation in the House, in
consequence of the action taken on the iron
question, had become dissatisfied with the tariff
bill and were about to make a motion to lay the
bill upon the table. Inasmuch as I believe
what I read in the newspapers, and knowing the
order of the House was that no other business
should be presented this evening for consider-
ation but the tariff bill, I very naturally fell
into this mistake.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the gentleman be
fined ten dollars.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have not closed.
As soon as I was aware that there was to be a
session of the House I hurried with all possi-
ble dispatch to the Capitol.
Mr. DICKEY. As the gentleman has evi-
dently attempted to dodge the tariff issue, I
move that he be fined ten dollars.
The motion was agreed to.
The Se'geant-at-Arms again appeared and
announced that, pursuant to the order of the
House, he had in custody at the bar of the House
Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Winches-
ter, Mr. Adams, Mr. Strickland, and Mr.
Trimble
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Haw-
kins, you have been absent from the sessions
of this House without its leave. What excuse
have yon to offer ?
Mr. HAWKINS. I have only to say this:
that yesterday General Negley, of Pennsyl-
vania, came to me and stated he had some
business which made it necessary that he should
be absent for a day or two, and he would feel
obliged if I would pair with him, which I
agreed to do. And supposing that we would
have about as much discussion before anything
would be done here as we have been in the
habit of having lately, I just happened not to
hurry up very much, and when I arrived I
found the door closed.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the ground that he was paired.
Being paired, I think he had aright to be absent
from tne House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move, in amendment,
that Mr. Hawkins be fined ten dollars.
The amendment was adopted.
The motion, as amended, was adopted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Cleve-
land, you have been absent from the sessions
of this House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have been absent for
a very small part of a session of the House,
Mr. Speaker. I was here very shortly after the
session commenced, but the door was closed,
and I was not permitted to enter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What is the
order of the House?
Mr. HAIGHT. As my colleague from New
Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] has a good general
knowledge of the tariff question I think it is
indispensable that he should be here when
the tariff is under discussion. I therefore
move that he be fined fifteen dollars and
costs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest that in
consideration of the gentleman's good char-
acter the fine be limited to five dollars.
Mr. STILES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Haight] that
he amend liis motion so as to make the fine
ten dollars without costs.
Mr. HAIGHT. I accept the gentleman's
suggestion, and ask leave of the House to make
that amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, am I
permitted to say anything?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man is not permitted to address the House
while in contempt.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The Chair asked me
for reasons, and being prepared .to give them
I will give them if permitted.
Mr. Haight's motion, as amended, was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Win-
chester, yon have been absent from the ses-
sions of this House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. WINCHESTER. On account of the
state of my health I have been unwilling to
come out at night.
Mr. STILES. I move that Mr. Winchester
be excused. It is known to the House that
the gentleman has been very unwell for a
month or two.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Adams,
you have been absent from the sessions of this
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer ?
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I had no in-
tention whatever of absenting myself from the
House this evening, and arrived here imme-
diately after the call of the House had been
ordered. I endeavored to gain admittance at
the door, but could not get in. I was a little
tardy in coming to the session, but had no
intention of being absent.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the gentleman be
fined ten dollars.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Strick-
land, you have been absent from the sessions
of this House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. STRICKLAND. I am not quite certain
that I have been absent without leave. I think
my time of leave has not expired.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the gentleman was excused for
two weeks from the 7th instant, and that his
leave of absence expired yesterday.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I think it will be
found that the leave of absence dates from the
8th instant. That is my recollection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the record shows that the gen-
tleman was excused on the 7th.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I supposed it was the
8th. Then I have to say in relation to my
absence that I was paired with Mr. Mayham,
of New York, so that I could not vote on the
tariff bill, and therefore I remained at my
room, understanding that no other business
would be done, for some time in the evening,
when I came here voluntarily. I will state
further that I have been absent for two weeks,
and my mail had accumulated very largely.
My district is very large, and I was compelled
to attend to my correspondence.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the gentleman
be excused on his first reason and not on his
second. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. I move ad an amendment that
he be fined ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Trimble,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I have leave of absence
for three weeks, and have been expecting to go
to Kentucky. I reached the House just at the
time the doors were closed and could not get
in, and I went into the gallery, the next nearest
place.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the record shows the gentleman
to have leave of absence for three weeks.
Mr. SHANKS. Then I move that he retire.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: that the return of a member after a
leave of absence terminates the leave, whether
it be within the time for which he had leave or
after the time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not
a question of order, but a reason to be sub-
mitted to the House upon the motion to exeu.se
the gentleman.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to suggest that his
return in custody does not close the leave.
There must be evidence that he caine volun-
tarily.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I came voluntarily.
Mr. W1NANS. I move that the gentleman
be fined ten dollars.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask a division on that
question, and I ask that the House be informed
that it appears by the Journal that the genile-
man from Kentucky was absent by leave of
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has already stated to the House that it appears
by the Journal that the gentleman was excused
on a given day for three weeks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask a division of the
question whether the House will fine a mem-
ber for being absent by its leave.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to inquire whether
the fact is that the gentleman has returned
since he got his leave and has been participat-
ing in the sessions of the House.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker 
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman cannot addres3 the House until
he has paid his fine.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, the gentleman
having paid his fine. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move as an amend-
ment to the pending motion that none of the
fines be remitted, but that they be applied to the
payment of the national debt. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the amendment is not in order, as
it is not germane to the pending motion, which
is that Mr. Trimble be fined ten dollars.
The question was put; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that the gen-
tleman be excused.
The motion was agree? to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, and
announced that in pursuance of the order of
the House he had in custody at the bar of the
House Mr. Schumaker.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Schu-
maker, you have been absent from the sessions
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I have no excuse at
all, only that I was late at dinner. That is all.
Mr. CALKIN. I move that the gentleman
be fined ten dollars.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to reconsider
the several votes by which fines have been
imposed, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
is not now in order.
Mr. STILES. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under this call be dispensed with.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to reconsider
the various votes of the House to-night im-
posing fines on members for being absent with-
out leave; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the remaining absentees without leave be
brought to the bar of the House to-morrow.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, no; let as get through
with this to-night.
