3866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Dr. Plunket claimed the seat, and proved both
the disqualification of Mr. Knox and the notice
to the voters. Nevertheless the committee
reported iu favor of the sitting member, and he
was permitted to retain his seat. (1 Peck, 19.)
In 1775 Mr. Mayor, high sheriff of Berks
county, was returned for Abingdon. Mr. Bay-
ley, his opponent, gave notice at the polls that
Mr. Mayor was ineligible because he held the
office of sheriff, and afterwards contested his
election and claimed the seat himself. Yet,
although Mayor was ousted of his seat on the
ground of his ineligibility as alleged, it was
refused to the contestant, (Bayley,) and the
election declared void. (I Lord Glen, 419.)
These cases have been referred to to show
that even in England the rule asserted by the
contestant is not a fixed and settled principle
of positive law, either statutory or common ;
but that in every case in which it has been
applied in the House of Commons it has been
an arbitrary exercise of a privilege claimed to
be inherent in a body acting under none of the
restrictions of a written constitution such as
that which defines and limits the powers of the
Congress of the United States, but claiming to
be omnipotent, in all matters pertaining to its
own organization. Be that as it may, how-
ever, no such principle as that contended for
by the contestant has ever been recognized by
Congress; no such law exists here. And even
if it could be shown to be the fixed and pos-
itive rule of the British Parliament, by an
unlimited and uniform line of precedents that
fact would not justify its application to this
case.
Congress derives all its powers from the
Constitution, and no part of them from the
common law of England or the customs of
Parliamentj and, whatever may be the law
there, it cannot have the force of authority in
the adjudication of eases like this until it shall
receive it from express statutory enactments.
As already intimated, the intense and long-
coulinued popular excitements of England,
arisingout of the determination of the Middle-
sex case, in which Luttrell was seated, in con-
formity to the rule now contended for by con-
testant, commenced just before the beginning
of our Revolution, and was kept up through
the entire period of our struggle for independ-
ence. Nor was the alarm and indiguation
excited by the arbitrary and dangerous action
of the House of Commons iu that case con-
fined to the mother country. Jt extended
itself to the people of her remotest colonies,
and commended the great principle involved
to the gravest consideration of those who were
already contemplating the establishment of a
Government upon the broadest recognition of
popular rights.
When, therefore, the original States of this
Union came to erect their State governments
and enact laws for themselves, they carefully
itbstained from incorporating in their respect-
ive systems of jurisprudence the dangerous
and anomalous doctrine (hat, in a Government
of the people its functions should devolve upon
those whom the people had positively rejected,
bo, when they formed the Federal [Jnion. they
nowhere, among all the powers they delegated
to Congress, conferred upon it the authority
to declare by law, much less by a simple reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, that
votes given for an ineligible candidate, either
with or without notice, should be thrown away
and the minority candidate declared duly elect-
ed. They simply conferred upon Congress the
power, whenever it should choose to exercise
it, of regulating the time, manner, and place
of holding elections for its members, and of
judging of their election, return, and qualifi-
cations, reserving to themselves all the residue
of power in the piemises, including the right to
declare by law whatever they might see proper
to be the consequence of a majority knowingly
easting their votes for an ineligible candidate.
Hence, not only has Congress never assumed
to declare by statute what shall be the effect
of such a condition of things, but in no case
has either House, in all the number of in-
stances in which the question has been brought
before them, ever presumed to'award the seat
to the minority candidate.
On the contrary, the identical question pre-
sented by the contestants in this case has been
repeatedly brought before the House, and uni-
formly decided adversely to the claim he now sets
up. It was so adjudged in two instances no fur-
ther back than the second session of the Fortieth
Congress, once in the case of Samuel McKee
vs. John D. Young, from Kentucky, and again
in thecase ofSamuelE. Smith vs. John Young
Brown, from the same State. In both of those
cases it was. urged that the successful candi-
dates were known to be disqualified by the
electors when they voted for them, and that
consequently the minority candidates were en-
titled to the seats. And in both instances the
Committee of Elections were unanimous in
their opinion that such was not the law; and
their views were sustained by an overwhelm-
ing majority in the House. In the latter
case the proposition was argued by the con-
testant with a wonderful degree of earnestness
and pertinacity, both before the committee and
in the House, and every possible means that
could be brought to bear was urged in favor
of his hypothesis. Yet the committee, after
the most mature deliberation, not only unani-
mously decided the points against the contest-
ant, but exposed the fallacy of his claim in a
report from its distinguished chairman, [Mr.
Dawes,] to which I have already referred in
these remarks.
So it appeals, Mr. Speaker, that there is not
even in England a settled precedent for the
action the House has this day taken in deciding
this case. And if England be found guarding
against an abuse of its representative system,
how much more closely and jealously should
we of the United States guard against this
same evil when our whole governmental fabric
rests upon the rights of majorities'! Disregard
this right in one ease, and the outrage perpe-
trated in that ease becomes a precedent for
the future, and the future will become infamous
beyond the present.. Thus shall we blindly
follow a bad precedent until public forbearance
shall cease to be public virtue, and the storm
of revolution remove alike precedent and law
from our midst. Finally, in the name of law
and of public safety, of equity and private
rights, I protest against the action of the
House in awarding a seat to the minority can-
didate in this case.
Mr. KELSliY. Is it not competent for the
House, by.common consent, to reconsider its
action in this case so far as to allow a vote to
be taken directly upon the question, "Shall this
party be sworn in ?''
'lhe SPEAKER. The Chair lias been ap-
pealed to, conversationally, by several gentle-
men to indicate some method by which arecord
can be made in this case. The Chair would
suggest that the simplest mode would be to allow
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall] to move to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution of the Committee of Elections
was adopted,and then the other gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] eould move to lay
that motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I will make that
motion.
Hie SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent. Is there objection?
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask unanimous con-
sent to say a word or two on this ease.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
swearing in of the member from South Caro-
lina, Mr. Wallace.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to postpone that
businessfor five minutes, and upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
taiu that motion.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain that motion now.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the
Chair entertain a motion that there be a call
of the House?
The SPEAKER. If in the judgment of the
Chair there was not a quorum of members
present he would entertain a motion for a call
of the House ; but in the judgment of the
Chair, for which, of course, he assumes the full
responsibility, there is a quorum present.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is no
possible thing to be done but to have this man
sworn in ?
The SPEAKER. When the House has
declared by a vote, whether viva voce, by tell-
ers, or by yeas and nays, that a person is
entitled to a seat here, and the motion to recon-
sider has been laid on the table, it is then as
much the right of the member thus declared
entitled to a seat to be sworn in as it is the
right of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bhooks] to speak upon any question before
the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make another parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wiil hear it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If he shall
be sworn in will it be as a member elected in
South Carolina, or a member elected by this
House?
The SPEAKER. The member from South
Carolina will now present himself to be
sworn in.
Mr. Alexander S. Wallace then presented
himself, and took the oath prescribed by the
act of Congress of July 2, 1862.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Thajregular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour will
now commence, at four minutes before twelve
o'clock. The first business in order during
this morning hour, to-day being Friday, is the
consideration of reports of a private nature
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
lieutenant commander frederic pearson.
_ Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, to whom had been referred House
joint resolution No. 1G2, authorizing Lieuten-
ant Commander Frederic Pearson, United
States Navy, to accept the nomination of Com-
panion of the Military Division of the Order of
the Lath from the queen of Great Britain,
reported adversely upon the same.
1 he joint resolution, which was read, proposes
to give the assent of Congress to Lieutenant
Commander Frederic Pearson, of the United
States Navy, to acceptthe nomination of Com-
panion of the_ Military Division of the Order of
the Bath, which has been tendered to him by
the queen of Great Britain as a reward for gal-
lant services rendered to Admiral Sir A.'L.
Kuper during the operations of the combined
forces of Great Britain, France, the Nether-
lands, and the United States in the straits of
Simonoseki, in the inland waters of Japan, in
the year 1861.
Mr. SWANN. ^ Mr. Speaker, I hold in ray
hand letters on^this subject fiom the lute Sec-
retary of the Navy and the late Secretary of
State, which I shall send to the Clerk's desk to
if rea^- . before doing so I wish to say that
these applications are becoming too frequent of
late. I am free to say that if these appeals are
listened to vve may have in a very short time a
C^ass °^cers of the N"avy and other
official characters in this country wearing the
decorations of some foreign potentate or Power.
1 he Gommittee on Foreign Affair are opposed
to this whole system. I send to the Clerk's
