1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Kentucky is perhaps personally cognizant of
the case; at least ne knows the lady by repu-
tation and from his vicinity of residence to her
locality.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
here, if it is not spending too much time over
a small matter,what the political status of this
lady was at this time?
Mr. WILLEY. Unquestionably loyal, ac-
cording to her affidavit and the affidavits of
divers and sundry other persons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was she as loyal as Sue
Murphey ?
Mr. WILLED. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky assured us that there was no ques-
tion as to the fact of her loyalty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the words " use of jail." I do
not want to have it appear that the Congress
of the United States is paying Mrs. Elizabeth
Carson for thei use of the public jail in Bour-
bon county, Kentucky.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 do not object to the
amendment, but I submit whether it will not
allow1 her, perhaps, to come and file a petition
hereafter for the use of the jail; whereas the
form of the bill now offered excludes her from
presenting a claim in that respect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, it will allow
her to file a petition, and she can have the con-
stitutional right of filing a petition every ses-
sion ; but I think it is worse to have it appear
that we are paying for the use of the public
jails of the public authorities of Kentucky to
one of their private citizeris for holding desert-
ers in'that State, atid 90 I make a motion to
strike dot the words "use of jail."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time, and
ISRAEL T. CANBY'S SURETIES.
Mr. WILLEY, If it will suit the pleasure
of the Senator from Indiana, I propose now
to call up Senate bill ,No. 221, for the relief of
the sureties of Israel T. Canby. I move that
that bill be token up.
The motion ww agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 221) for the relief of the sureties of Israel
T. Canby, late receiver of public moneys at
Crawfordsville, Indiana, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill proposes
to release the sureties of Israel T. Canby, late
receiver of public moneys at the land offiee at
Crawfordsville, Indiana, from all liability aris-
ing from any defalcation, omission, or miscon-
duct of Caahr as such receiver, and to authorize
to dismiss any and all suits ancf actions that
may have been instituted against the sureties,
and to enter the proper discharges on the books
of the Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Therd must be excellent
reasons for that billifitougbt to pass. I should
like to hear them.
Mr. MORTON. Is there not areportaccom-
panying the bill ?
Mr. PRATT. The report which the com-
mittee has made in this case is too long to be
read. I can state, however, what is the nature
of the relief sought and the grounds upon which
it is sought.
Mr. Canby was the receiver of the l&rid office
At Crawfdrdsville, Indiana, in 1829. There
'tfete two bonds given by him, with seven sure-
$es upOii the firgtand seven sureties upon the
second bond. All those sureties except three
are noW^dadv He bdeftme  defaulter in 1833
for tlie ittm of ibout fifty-two thoueaad dol-
lars. Distress warrants were, promptly issued
by the ageat of' the Treasury, and levied were
made in fouV States upon the property of the
principal and the sureties-—in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky. The re-
port states that Canby, the principal, abscond-
ed, ana was not, therefore, arrested according
to the command of the Treasury warrants. Gen-
eral Howard, who subsequently was appointed
district attorney of Indiana, was appointed
special agent by the Treasury Department
to take charge of the collection of this defal-
cation. He came to an arrangement with Dr.
Canby and the sureties, by which a large amount
of personal and real property was transferred to
the United States; valid claims owned by Dr.
Canby to the amount of upward of twenty thou-
sand, dollars were transferred to the United
States, and likewise real estate to a large
amount. These claims were put in the hands
of agents for collection; a large amount of
money was realized from them. A large part
of the real estate was likewise sold. Among
the real estate which had been levied upon were
several thousand acres of land—eleven thou-
sand or upward, I believe, in the State of Illi-
nois.
In 1837 General Howard was so well satisfied
of the sufficiency of the property that had been
transferred to satisfy this defalcation that he
consented on the part of the United States that
the lien of the Govenrnment on the lands in
Illinois should be discharged. Now I proceed
to state from the report itself about the amount
that was realized by the United States years
and years ago. The substance of it is that if
the Government has not been indemnified in
full it is by reason of the fault of its agents in
not collecting these demands, and in not col-
lecting the proceeds of the lands that were sold.
I ought to say in this connection, the Senator
from New York will probably remember, that
two years ago in the Fortieth Congress the Sen-
ate, in July, 1868, passed abill precisely like this,
and it was lost in the House of Representatives
for want of time, and a report precisely similar
to this was at that time made by the Com-
mittee on Claims. I read from the statement
submitted to the committee by the Solicitor
of the Treasury, June 18, 1868:
" On the 10th of October, 1845, Colonel Pleasants,
chief clerk, made for the solicitor an abstract of this
case. In conclusi#n he gives the following general
statemont:
" Distress warrant. 27th March, 1833, for$52,312 04."
That was the amount of the defalcation.
Then hd proceeds to give a statement of the
estates that wdre transferred by Canby and his
securities to the United States. The items are:
Notes transferred, as near as can be ascftr-
tained       $17,188 26
Sales made by General Howard—
That is, of real estate turned over to
the United States—
Sales made by General Howard, (per notes,
, Ac.) ...7.   .. 42,651 59
Amount due by Hendricks and Tipton  4,228 61
Amount collected by marshal, <fcc    250 00
Total assets   $64,318 36
Against a defalcation of $52,312 04.
Colonel Pleasants proceeds:
Of the above assets it appears there haveboen col-
lected and accounted for:
Of no tea transferred by Canby, as collateral, $6,230 60
Of notes taken for lands, &o      9,995 73
Amount in hands of Hendricks and Tipton., 4,228 50
Collected by themarshal.underthe warrant, 250 00
Making together  „_.$20,694 83
Leaving still' uncollected:
Of notes taken by Howard for lamds.&c....>.$32,655 86
Of notes transferred by Canby, aa collateral 10,957 66
Making...     .$43,613 52
Of which Pettit—
Who was district attorney—
Collected   .. $1,541 GO
At the conclusion of the statement Colonel
Pleasants says—and I call the attention of the
Senate particularly now to what he says—in
relation to the sufficiency of the lands and col-
laterals transferred:
"And the question presents itself, How does the
debt of Israel .Ti Canby actually stand; "and upon
what principle shall the accounting officers proceed
to adjust and settle the account ? One mode of ad-
justment is to take up the balance for which the
warrant issued, $52,312 04, charge interest from the
date, and credit according to date, the collections in
cash bj; the marshal, $250; the payment by Tipton and ,1
Hendricks, $4,228 51; tho amount of sales of Canby's '
lands by Howard, (for which notes were taken, bear-
ing interest from date, payable to the Secretary of
the Treasury,) $42,651 59: and the collections made bv
General Howard and his successors on the notes
transferred by Canby as collateral security for th„
debt, abont $0,230 60. lQ0
"Adjusting the account upon this principle tlie
debt of Canby would be very nearly extinguished so
nearly so that in all probability a further sum will
be collected from the notes collaterally, assigned to
dischargo any balance that may remain. This mode
of settlement would relieve Canby and his sureties
but throw the United States upon the individual
debtors to and purchasers of Canby's property."
Now, I call the attention of the Senate to the
general summing up of the committee after
examining this case in all its details. The con-
clusion is as follows, which covers the whole
ground:
Considering the great length of time which has
elapsed since the orginal default of the principal—
That is nearly forty years now—
Considering the fact that only three of his sureties
are now living: considering the laches of the Govern-
111 out in not making an earlier adjustment of the c&so
when the facts involved in it could have been easily
and certainly ascertained for the neglect of doing
which no reason whatever is shown; considering the
fact apparenton the face of the foregoing statement
that sufficient effects of the said Canby have been
transferred to and placed in the hands of the officers
and agents of the Government which, if those agents
and officers had exercised reasonablediligence, would
have realized an amount amply sufficient to b ave sat-
isfied the default aforesaid of the said Canby; consid-
ering that the Government was so thoroughly con-
vinced that said effects were more than sufficient for
its purposes, it voluntarily released to said Canby a
portion of said effects, to wit: what is called in the
foregoing statement the Illinois lands; considering
the facts admitted that prior to October 10, 1845,
when there had been realized and accounted for to
the Government out of the effects so transferred to
the Government as aforesaid the sum of $20,694 83 in
cash, and that the Government then still had in its
hands notes taken for sale of lands of said Canby,
$32,655 86, and notes transferred by Canby to the
Government for the further sum of $10,957 66, and
that tho Government had under its control other
lands of the said Canby still unsold; considering that
the Government is now unable to account for said
notes, lands, &c., rendering itprobable that portions
of said notes may have been collected by its agents
and not accounted for, and the remainder, in whole
or in part, may have been so neglected by the agents
of the Government as to render their collection at
this time impracticable; in fine, considering that tho
Government having received under its own control,
of the effects of said Canby, ample indemnity for his
said default, which it failed to make fully available
through its own neglect, or the negligence and de-
fault of its authorized agents, and is now itself unable
to account for the means placed in its hands, the
committee are of opinion that it would now. thirty-
five years after tho default of the principal, be harsh
and unjust to make his few surviving securities re-
sponsible. They therefore recommend the passage
of the said bill.
Mr. President, inasmuch as this report, the
concluding part of which. I have just, read,
covers the whole ground, sums up the whole
argument, I will not add another word.
Mr. CONKLING, The honorable Senator
has made a very clear and satisfactory state-
ment ; but I should like to understand three
things; first, what is the amount of the deficit?
Mr. PRATT. That is what the Treasury
Department are unable to ascertain themselves.
They make different statements upon different
bd>S6S
Mr. CONKLING. Fifty-two thousand dol-
lars I understand was the amount originally.
How much has been realized? That they
know, of course.
Mr. PRATT. It is impossible to ascertain
how much has been actually realized. We
know how much assets came into the hands of
the Government agents.
Mr. CONKLING. But how much has been
realized from those assets, without reference
to whether they were well managed or not ?
Mr. PRATT. I will answer by this report
in a moment. DidtheSenatorfromNewYork
hear the statement I read of Colonel Pleasants,
the chief clerk in the solicitor's office?
Mr. CONKLING. I did hear that; but can
the Senator state what the remainder of tho
liability is, and how much is the amount from
which the bill discharges the sureties?
Mr. PRATT. The balance due on the 11th
of Jauuary, 1837, according to the statement
of the accounting officers, was $4,694 28, which
amount, with the interest on it, the committee
conclude has been more than covered by the
