22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Swann.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
a sincere pledge of their future action, intended to
settle the important question in controversy between
the Legislature and Congress by the decision of our
courts, and thus avoid the threatened change from
civil to military government in ou,r State.'
If resultsshould prove thatlhavemisapprehended
the purpose of the Legislature in the passage of this
preamble and resolution^ I shall ever regret that I
have been the innocent instrument of a misrepre-
sentation which involves the character and honor of
my State. 13ut I will not doubt the result. The
decision of the court has been made. The people of
Georgia are an honorable and law-abiding people,
and the pledge of their representatives will be per-
formed.
The constitutional power of the respective houses
of the Legislature to judge of the election and quali-
fication of their own members is never so concluded
that errors of judgment may not be corrected. If a
contestant should bo admitted to his seat upon the
judgment of the house that he was duly elected and
qualified, and it should subsequently appear that he
wasdisqualified, or that he was not the person elected,
they have'the power and it would be their duty to
correct their former decision. They are judges of
the law and the facts, and there is no legal appeal
from their decision.
I do not deem it necessary to discuss precedents on
this subject, Our entire history since the war has
been without precedent. Placed outsideof the pro-
tection of the Constitution, powerless to protectour-
selves, we have accepted, and we must continue to
accept, what seems to be the least of inevitable evils
until Congress is satisfied that we have complied with
the conditions of the reconstruction acts.
Governor Bullock and some of his political friends
have personal and political reasons lor defeating, if
possible, any action of the Legislature looking to a
compliance with their resolution. Whatever may bo
their public professions, they have been using and
will oontinue to use their utmost efforts to secure
congressional interference and a reorganization of a
fetate government, and they will not permit the pre-
texts for such action to bo removed it they can avoid
it. They will, if necessary, sacrifice the people of
Georgia to obtain their ends.
# Themaintenanceof our present State organization,
m niy opinion, will depend upon the wisdom, patri-
otism, and self-sacrificim? spirit, of the members of
tho Legislature. They will not allow selfish consid-
ei ations or neccssary sacrifices to stand in the way of
duty. Ihoso who occupy the seats of the expelled
members will doubtless tender their resignations.so
jh to leave tho Legislature free to reconsider tho
resolution of expulsion.
II the necessary action is taken promptly upon tho
gt oiuHl that it is in compliance with the law and their
pleuge to aokle by it it will refate the predictions
ynd silence the slanders of our enemies, end our
J'<ideral troubles, show to our colored citizens that
we are willm? to do them justice according to the
low, and enable us to maintain a State organization
wiiich wJl provide for and protect the interests of the
people of Georgia.
Ji I were a member of the Legislature, in view of
our present conditio^ and the future interests of
(icorgia, JL would remove tho pretexts for the inter-
ference of Congress in our Slate government by
complying with tho pledge of the Legislature.
.No one can regret more deeply than I do the con-
dition ot the United States and tho condition of the
btate of Georgia, which in my opinion justifies the
advice I have given. But I do not despair of the
luture. Unavoidable cnls are overruled for our
£??£* 4. • us x]lake of necessity and trust
to that wise and merciful Providence who will guide
us through tho present darkness to a brighter and
happier luture.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
Hon. c. B. wootejt. Dawson, Geo^^S0S TIST-
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS SWANN,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
December 21, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 281) to promote tho rcconstruc-
tion of the State of Goorgia.
Mr. Speaker, the bill re-
ported by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction is the most startling,
ln my judgment, that has ever engaged the
attention of this House. The President of the
United states m his annual message, ignoring
any ana all limitation to the power of Congress,
or any constitutional obligation governing his
own action, has deliberately recommended the
degradation and disfranchisement of the State
o Georgia ; and the measure before us is tho
embodiment ofthe willing response which it has
met with in the report of the committee.
The State of Georgia has dared to exercise
the functions of a State of this Union. This
is her offense.. The acceptance of the terms
and spiritof the fourteenth and fifteenth amend
ments, saddled upon the country by intimida
tion and force, was the condition of her brief
political existence since the war, and failing
to comply with their most rigid exactions she
has subjected herself to the heavy penalty of
this bill.
When the principle is established, as it soon
will be, that the Union of these States may be
dissolved by the mere will of Congress—for such
is the sad inference which the bill carries with
it—the people of this country will find with
what rapid strides they have at length reached
the confines of an absolute, consolidated oli
garchy, in which the States have no recognized
participation.
The State of Georgia took the first step to-
ward what has been called reconstruction in
June, 1863. General Meade was "at the time
military governor of the district in which the
State was situated. She elected her Governor-
members of Congress, and Legislature. Gen:
eral Meade acted under the immediate orders
of General Graut, then Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, in directing this so-called recon-
struction movement, arid subsequently re-
ported to headquarters that the reconstruction
acts of Congress had been duly complied with.
In accordance with this action the Governor
of Georgia (Bullock) was duly inaugurated,
the Legislature organized, the State admitted
back into the Union, and her members of Con-
gress to their seats in this House.
Next came the election of United State Sen-
ators ; and Hill and Miller, nominees of the
Conservative party, were elected by large major-
ities over Brown and Blodgett, Republicans,
and received their certificates from Governor
Bullock in due form of law.
Before the election of United States Senators
came off, a question arose as to the right of the
negroes, under the reconstruction acts, to hold
office. Brown was the leader of the Repub-
lican party, and was looked upon as one of the
ablest jurists in the State. In one of his pub-
lished speeches upon this particular point he
says :
" The reconstruction acts may have intended that
tile negro' should be eligible to office, but there was
nothing in tho language of these acts that warranted
any such construction. Therefore he proposed to
deal with those acts of Congress as he read and un-
derstood them. The new constitution of Georgia,
adopted m obedience to the reconstruction acts,
clearly allowed the negro to vote but not to hold
omce.
This opinion of Governor Brown was acqui-
esced in by all parties, the negroes included.
Alter the senatorial contest was over the Dem-
ocrats and white Republicans united, and the
negroes were disqualified from holding their
seats in the Legislature. If in this exercise of
power the Legislature committed an error they
acted with entire honesty of purpose and under
the advice of the recognized leader of the
Republican party and had no design or inten-
tion of bringing upon their State the displeasure
ot the Government. The whole subject was a
matter for the courts, and was expected to have
been settled by the courts at the proper time.
This is the case of Georgia in its length and
breadth as it comes before this House j and if
upon such a pretext or for any such cause a
State can lose her place in the Union, as recom-
mended by General Grant, and Congress can
assume to exercise the tremendous power which
the committee claims in this bill, we may well
feel alarmed at the frail tenure by which this
union is held together.
_ The tendency to centralization in tho work-
ing of our i ederal system has been viewed
with jealousy by the people of the United
States ever since the adoption of the Constitu-
^rtjcle^ nine of the amendments to
the Constitution it is provided that—
 ! wi1\e?,ume/?tion in the Constitution of certain
o• "Otbeoonstrucd to deny or disparago
others ictained by the people.
In article ten it is further provided that—
"The powers not delegated to tho United States
are reserved te tho States respectively, or to the
people."
There can be no doubt that the object of the
framers of the Constitution was to recognize
in the provisions to which I have referred, in
clearand explicit language, aresident, inherent,
reserved power in the States and the people,
never intended to be parted with, as contra-
distinguished from the Federal powers specific-
ally enumerated, as a condition of the compact
of Union which was at the time agreed upon,
and without which some of the States would
not have ratified the work of the Convention.
This Government was constituted in all its
essential features a government of the people;
and the specific language of the Constitution
must be scrupulously adhered to if we would pre-
serve our free institutions in all instances of
doubtful construction where the reserved pow-
ers of the States or the people are liable to be
endangered. The latitudinarians of a more
modern school, I am wellaware,ridicule theidea
of any reserved rights in the States or the peo-
ple in conflict with the will of Congress. Such
men would teach us that we have really no estab-
lished and permanentform of government; that
our Federal system is little more than a shifting
kaleidescope. They have so treated it. Our
forefathers certainly thought they were giving
us a republic; but it is not a republic in the
sense in which we have heretofore understood
it if the people should be forced to submit to
any power higher than their own and the States
have no control in their domestic organization
and management. It is evidently not the gov-
ernment of our fathers, nor are such the teach-
ings of the "wise and patriotic men to whom we
owe its existence. Efforts have been made to
give the widest scope to all the powers dele-
gated by the people to insure tho practical
working of our system. We have witnessed
the right of eminent domain within the States
boldly asserted in the granting of charters and
the construction of roads and canals ostensibly
to establish post offices and post roads, and to
regulate commerce between the States, in the
direct face of the uniform usage of this Gov-
ernment and the teachings of her most eminent
experienced statesmen, and we have seen
efforts, successful efforts, as in the case of
Georgia, to^ disfranchise States by depriving
them of their just and equal representation in
the national councils.
The advocates of consolidation claim the
results of the war as settling forever the abso-
lute supremacy of the legislative department
in all questions arising under the reserved
rights of the States and the people. The claim
of a State to secede from the Union, and thus
annul the partnership, without the common
consent, has indeed been settled by the results
of the war; but the original theory of this
Government remains unchanged. In time of
war, insurrection, or rebellion, its powers, how-
ever absolute, have not been questioned; and
the duty of a government to preserve its integ-
rity when assailed by formidable combinations,
as a dictate of necessity, admits of no restric-
tions.in the absence of direct constitutional
inhibition. The exercise of this right of self-
preservation is essential to the very existence
of government, and was fully acquiesced in by
the people during the late civil war, in the
extraordinary assumptions of power which it
became necessary to resort to in order to pre-
serve the life of the nation. This is what the
war of the rebellion settled, and nothing more.
But the popular doctrine of State rights—the
pow ers reserved to the States respectively 01*
to the people," as defined in the Constitution—
must forever stand as the balance-wheel of our
republican system. We must understand and
determine what the Constitution eedes to the
1 c Government and what it reserves to
the States and the people j and the powers not
