4812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
course to be pursued. I hope that ray motion
will now be put.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is
put 
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire it to be under-
stood that this bill shall be continued as the
unfinished business on Monday, so as to have
no controversy about it then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is
put to postpone this bill until Monday, I desire
to offer an amendment to it; and I ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio if he will have any objection to
acting on the amendment now? It is an amend-
ment on the subject of the transportation of
goods across the continent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
acting upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in priut and on the
table.
'Mr. SUMNER. We had better act on it
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayakd] has given notice of an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I gave notice of this
amendment yesterday. His may be before
mine.
Mr. BAYARD. In the course of some re-
marks I made yesterday I gave notice of an
amendment I intended to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois desire to have his amend-
ment printed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment which
I offer is in print.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator had
better postpone action on that for the present,
because it is clearly out of order now and I
know will give rise to debate. I am in favor
of it myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought if the Senate
would agree to act on it now, as we have the
bill up, it would not interfere with other ques-
tions on Monday.
Mr. COLE. The amendment of the Senator
from Illinois is an important amendment,, and
I should like to have an opportunity to vote
upon it. I think I shall be absent on Monday,
and I should like to have it considered now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope it will
not be offered to day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the amendment
now.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear it read, at
any rate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will bo reported.
The Secretary read the amendment; which
was to add, as additional sections, the follow-
ing:
Sec.—. And he it further enacted, That from ;iml
after the 1st day of Oetobcj-, 1870. any good_s,_ ware-;,
ov merchandise, except wine, distilled spirits, ex-
plosive andpcrishabloarticles arriving from ioreign
countries, at a port uf the United States, which arc
shown by tiie manifestof the importing vessel !o be
destined for any city containing more than one hun-
dred and fifty thousand inhabitants in a collection
district more interior than the port oi original im-
portation, or destined for a place in cither hurope.
Australia, or Asia, via the United States, may be
immediately conveyed to their destination, in the
manner prescribed by this act.
Sec.—. And, be it further enacted, That any rail-
road, steamship, or transpoitation company or com-
panies, duly bonded in tho manner now prescribed
bylaw for the traiisportationof foreign merchandise
in bond, be, and arc hereby, authorized to demand
and rcceive from the collector of the port of arrival,
and to deliver to tho collector of tho port of final
destination in the United Stales, any merchandise
imported in the manner described in the foregoing
section : Provided, That thesaidrailroad, steamship,
or transportation company shall liavo previously
presented to the collector ol the port where such
goods, wares, or merchandise are first landed in the
United States an invoice"! thesame, duly vcritiodliy
tho consul of the United States residing at or nearest
the place of shipment, which invoice shall boa cjuad-
iuphcatc copy of the invoice required by the first
section of an act entitled "An act to prevent and
punish frauds upon tho revenue, &c.," approved
March 31, I860, and shall also have previously exe-
cuted and given to the collector of the port of arrival
a good, sufiicient.and satisfactory bond, in doubl e the
value of said invoice, tor the duo delivery ol the said
goods,waico,and mci chandi.^e,unopened,unchanged,
and intact, to the collector of the port of their final
destination in the United States; or tho Secretary of
the Treasury may, in his discretion, accept from such
railroad, steamboat, or transportation company, a
general bond for such time not exceeding three
months, in such amount, with such conditions and
such security aslieshall deem advisable, with author-
ity at any tune to require additional security: Pro-
vided further, That merchandise in tiaiisit from Asia
and Australia so transported and destined for Europc
shall be delivered by such companyinto the custody
of the collector of a port 011 tho Atlantic sea-board
of tho United States, and may thereupon be exported
by said company from such custody to Europe in the
manner now prescribed by law; and merchandise
intended for Asia or Australia shall be in like man-
ner delivered to and exported from the custody of
tho collector of a port on the Pacific sea-board of
the United States.
SlCC. —. And be it farther enacted. That upon tho
rcccipt of goods, wares, and merchandise, and of the
invoicc and bond named and described in tho fore-
going sections of this act, the collector of the port of
original importation shall ascertain all the marks
and numbers, and also the exact weight and precisc
dimensions of each and every ease or package of
said meichandisc, and shall transmit a detailed
statement thereof to the collector of the port in tho
United States for which the said incichandise is
finally destined, and shall thereupon deliver the
same to tho company which is authorized to rcceive
tho same.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That upon tho
arrival of the afoi csaid goods at tho poi t of final des-
tination tho importer or consignee of the said goods
shall be, and hereby is, authorized to make entry of
tho same m the manner now proscribcdby law, and
to have every legal right or privilege which ho would
or might have enjoyed in the port where tho goods
wero first ln.nded in the United States.
Sec.—. Anftbe it further enacted, Tbatthecollector
of the port ot final destination in tho United States,
upon delivery to him of such packago or packages
by tho said transportation company or companies,
shall icincahurc and weigh the same, ,md_if satisfied
of its or their identity shall issue a certificate ot re-
ceipt for the same, and upon tho production of said
receipt to the collector of tho port ot original im-
portation the aloresaid bonds shall be canceled.
Sue. —.And be it further enacted, That tho Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and instructed
to make and issue such rules and regulations as may
bo necessary to give forcc and effect to the provisions
of this act.
Sko. —. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act
be, and tho same arc hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it is
now understood that this bill is to go over until
Monday ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not know that the
bill had been disposed of so as to take it away
from the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a motion which is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the under-
standing that this bill is to go over, I wish to
make such a motion as will bring before the
Senate the naval appropriation bill, which was
unfinished 011 a former day; and therefore,
with the understanding that this bill is to come
up 011 Monday, 1 move to pass it over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not press his motion just yet. I have ollered
an amendment to the bill under consideration,
which is a measure of impoitance, which will
probably lead to some little discussion ; I trust
not much. I shall not occupy over ten minutes
myself. I hope the Senator will let this amend-
ment be disposed of, and then the bill can be
recommitted. This is a matter that has been
considered by the committees. It has been
pending for some time. A similar bill once
passed the House, but failed of getting action
in the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. It was voted down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it was never
voted down in the Senate, and I trust it will
not be voted down nows We shall have to
consider it sometime, f am as much in favor
of the appropriation bill as the Senator from
Maine; but as this bill is before the Senate,
why postpone it when wo are ready to go right
on with it at this momentupon a question that
must come up at some time?
Mr- MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
this is an amendment to the bill which is to
be passed over until Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then let it go
over with the bill until Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; this amendment
has no connection with the portions of the bill
that the Senator from Ohio desires to consider.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I look at it in
this way: here is an unfinished appropriation
bill, which I hope to be able to finish in the
course of an hour or so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will have an hour
afterward. Let us have 110 debate upon it. I
hope that the bill will not go over, and that, we
may act upon this question of transportation
to-day. I do not want to take up any time 111
debating it. If the Senate decide that the bill
must go over, 1 cannot help it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This question
is not before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It cannot be. It
is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 insist that it is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise that
point, whether it is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until Monday
next, and that then, by unanimous consent, it
be considered in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But, _my ques-
tion is, whether this amendment is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. While a mo-
tion to postpone the bill is pending a motion
to amend the bill is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio to withdraw his motion to
postpone until I can move the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not yield
the floor. 1 insist on my motion to pass over
this bill.
Mr. CONIvLTNG. There is no such motion
under the rules now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois at the
proper time, but he will not accomplish any-
thing by pressing it now. We cannot act upon
it to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can if the
Senator will withdraw his motion. I have to
be absent next week myself, and I am very
desirous to be here when this pioposition is
acted upon.
Mr. COLE. That is my condition exactly,
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his motion and let me offer
the amendment now, I think we can act upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we shall only
waste the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio declines to withdraw his motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope the Senate
will refuse to postpone the bill, and will act 011
i this question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope it will
be postponed, so that we can act on some busi-
ness to-day.
Mr. RICE. When this postponement takes
place I shall be compelled to make a motion
to take up the Southern Pacific railroad bill,
which was very nearly completed last night,
and we want to finish it to-day. It will only
take a very short time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote, and not
spend the day in discussing what we shall do.
The YICB PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
postpone this bill until after the morning hour
on Monday next-
Mr. CASSERLY. Isthatmotion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mi'. SHERMAN. A motion to postpone is
o-nly debatable to a limited extent. It does not
involve the merits or'the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be debated to any
extent.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, that debate upon a motion to postpone in
the House of Representatives is, by an express
rule, limited ; but in the Senate there is 110 rule
limiting debate except on a proposition to take
