3868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILKINSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin iv. massey.
Mr. MYERS, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. It. No. 2095) for the relief
of John W. Massey; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John W. Massey,
late consul to El Paso del Norte, Mexico, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $400, being the sum
expended'by liiin in 1862, in the endeavor to
reach his post of duty.
Mr. WARD. I should like some explana-
tion of this matter.
Mr. MYERS. The Secretary of State, in a
letter addressed to me, says:
"It appears from tho correspondence- submitted
to you that Mr. Mfissey was prevented from reach-
ins his post in conscqueneeof tho rebellion, notl'rom
any negleot on his part."
The correspondence here referred to sl-.ows
that early in 1862 this gentleman proceeded
as far as Fort Leavenworth, and started thence
to cross the plains, on his way to El Paso del
Norte, Mexico, and that he was prevented
from reaching his post by bands of guetrillas
and rebels, with which the country was then
infested, lie reported this to the Department
in April, and under tho advice of Generals
Halleck and Blunt waited two months longer,
in the hope that regiments would advance and
clear the country. Finding that he could not
make his way through, liereturned and resigned
his office in July. The Secretary of State was
unable, under the law, to allow him the ex-
penses he had incurred. Tho committee have
only allowed him half what was asked, and on
the fullest inquiry they are satisfies! the amount
allowed by this bill is no more than sufficient
to meet tho actual expenses which were in-
curred in the endeavor to reach his post of
duty, the loss of which thecominitt.ee believe
should not, under the circumstances, devolve
on hitn.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed,
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
baron creutz.
Mr. BANKS. I believe that there are no
further reports from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. I ask unanimous consent that the bill
(S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron Creutz, of
the Netherlands, be taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
There was no objection; and the bill (S.
No. 831) for therelief of Baron Creutz, of the
Netherlands, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
changes 01? reference.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
reported back the following papers, and the
committee was discharged from their further
consideration ; and they were severally referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims:
Petition of Matilda Barrett, of Fredericks-
burg, granddaughter of Captain James Bar-
rett, an officer of the war of the Revolution,
asking for relief;
Petition of Susan Dayton Wheaton Ander-
son, only surviving heir of Major Joseph Whea-
ton, of the army of the Revolution;
Petition of John T. Parker and others, for
a pension;
Petition of Polly Finley, daughter of Cap-
tain Nehemiah Stokely, of the war of the
Revolution, for relief, and accompanying
papers; and
Petition of William H. Real, for relief.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1377)
granting a pen'sion to Mrs. Mary P. Jarvis,
widow of Joseph R. Jarvis, late a commodore
in the Navy, and moved that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Tile motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the following bills
and petitions; and the same were severally
laid on the table :
Petition of John R. Knott, heir of Wilfred
Knott, for a pension ;
Bill (H. Ii. No. 013) for the relief of the
children of Nathaniel Emerson ;
Bill (H. R. No. 1915) granting a pension to
Simeon D. Hard, a soldier of the war of 1812;
Petition of Mrs. Nancy Moore, widow of
W. II. Moore, sergeant in Wayne's army, for
a pension;
Petition of Anna Taylor, former widow of
Joseph McManus, deceased;
Petition of Mrs. Lois A. Foster, praying for
the payment of the amount of pension with-
held from Moses IT. Hunt, her father ; and
Memorial of Mrs. Ann Holmes Allen, widow
of Samuel Alien, deceased, for relief and
arrears of pay.
thomas ii. duval!,.
Mr. WILLARD also, from tho same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the petition of
Thomas H. Duvall; and the same was laid on
the table.
james fleming.
Mr, WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill (Ii. R. No.
597) for the relief of James Fleming, of the
war of 1812; and the same was laid on the
table.
adverse reports.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports on the petitions
of John C. Drout, Jeremiah Wright, Susan J.
Jacobs, and Amos Armstrong; and the same
were laid on the table.
jacoc sin'.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
76) to grant a pension to Jacob Shy, of Illi-
nois, and moved that the same be laid on the
table.
Mr. BURS. I would say that there are
additional papers" in that case which I believe
the committee had not before them. I hope
the gentleman will consent that those papers
shall be considered by the committee.
Mr. WILLARD. I withdraw the report.
riciiard blalock.
Mr. WILLARD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation, that
it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 975) for the
relief of Richard Blaloek, a soldier of the war
of 1812 ; and the same was laid on the table.
andretv templeton.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion, that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
451) to grant an invalid pension to Andrew
Templeton; and the same was laid on the table.
nancy weeks.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
725) for the relief of Mrs. Nancy Weeks, a
revolutionary war pensioner; and the same was
laid on the table.
prudence davis
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the^ recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1268) granting a pension to Prudence Davis,
widow of Samuel Davis, a soldier of the war
of 1812; and the same was laid on the table. .
edward kindred
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same' com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
859) for the relief of Edward Kindred, and
moved that the same be laid on tho t:\ble.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to have
that bill read. I know personally all about
this matter. I ask that the report be withdrawn
for the present.
Mr. WILLARD. I withdraw the report.
adverse report.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition
of Mrs. Mary Brigham; and the same was laid
on the table.
mary fryer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
209G) granting a pension to Mary Fryer, of
Philadelphia,-widow of John Fryer; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third lime.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the name of
Mary Fryer, widow of John Fryer, deceased,
late a seaman in the United States Navy, and
that she be paid at the rate of eight dollars a
month, commencing from and after the passage
of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee who has charge of this
bill one question. I infer from his reporting
this bill, granting a pension to this lady, the
widow of a seaman of the war of 1812, that
it is not tho intention of the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812 to
report a general bill granting pensions to all
the surviving soldiers and seamen of tho war
of 1812 and to the widows of those who are
dead. I wish the gentleman would state
whether in reporting this bill he means to
inform the House that a general bill is not to
be reported this session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. The bill which
the committee propose to report does not apply
to widows. This widow was entitled to a pen-
sion under the act of 1816. She made appli-
cation to the Pension Office, but her application
was rejected for some reason that does not
appear on the record. A better-sustained case,
a more satisfactory case, has never been pre-
sented to Congress for its action.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point is this : does the
committee propose to report a general bill
granting pensions to the soldiers and seamen,
and their widows, for services in the war of
1812?
Mr. BUTLER, ofTenne ssee. The commit-
tee have a general bill to report, but it does
not apply to widows.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. Why not ? Why report a
bill granting pensions for military services in
the war of 1812 which shall not embrace the
widows of the soldiers in that war who have
died? .
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I would sap-
port with a great deal of pleasure a proposition
of that kind, butthe committee have notagreed
to report such a bill,
Mr._WINANS. I think the bill which tho
committee propose to report will embrace the
