1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following:
And provided also, That in the fifth military dis-
trict there shall not be paid more than fivo dollars
per day to any register or sheriff, and four dollars
per day to any clerk or deputy sheriff, for the time
actually employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to move another
amendment in the way of a new paragraph.
Mr. HAIGHT. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the pending paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will wait.
Mr. HAIGHT. I move to strike out the
last word of the pending paragraph, for the
purpose of making an inquiry of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes.] Some time ago 1" had occasion to
make an investigation to ascertain how much
money had been appropriated by Congress for
the purpose of carrying out the so-called recon-
struction acts. I found that there was a great
difference in the statements made by members
of this House upon that subject. Upon this
side it was claimed that millions of dollars had
been expended for that purpose, while gentle-
men on the other side maintained that the
aggregate was not half so much as had been
stated upon this side. During my whole in-
vestigation I have been unable to ascertain
the amount that has been expended to carry
out this policy which was inaugurated by Con-
gress. 1 know that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations is familiar with all
these appropriations, and I have risen for the
purpose of requesting him to state how much
has been appropriated in these different ap-
propriation bills for the purpose of carrying
out these reconstruction measures. I find
that the pending paragraph of this bill pro-
poses to appropriate the enormous sum of
$385,000, which appropriation, I understand,
extends only to the end of the present fiscal
year, terminating on the 30th of June next.
I do not know how far back the appropriation
extends. Besides, this is merely a "defi-
ciency." I do not know how much has been
expended; I am seeking that information.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot carry in my head
the exact figures of the expenditures for recon-
struction up to this time. I can assure my
friend from New Jersey [Mr. Haight] that
this has been a pretty expensive process. Dis-
loyalty entails expense not only upon the dis-
loyal but also upon the loyal. It works both
ways. As nearly as I can ascertain there have
been appropriated for this object up to this
time about two millions and a quarter, not
counting the amount embraced m this bill.
How much will be necessary before the work
of reconstruction shall be completed must de-
pend upon those men who have not yet learned
their duty to the Government nor returned to
the ways of peace. I am unable to say what
this work will yet cost. I can only say, as I
have already said, that a great deal of money
has been expended because of the folly and
madness of traitors at Richmond and barba-
rians at Andersonville.
Mr. HAIGHT. Has not this money been
expended for the purpose of making people
loyal to a party rather than loyal to the coun-
try ?
Mr. DAWES. No, Mr. Chairman; the only
desire of the Administration is that all citizens
shall respect the authority of the Government
and conform to its laws. If the bringing about
of this spirit is making men loyal to any par-
ticular party it is because that party is upon the
side of the Government; and if men have been
reluctant to cooperate with the party that is
on the side of the Government, I suppose it is
because they have not yet unlearned the ways
by which they involved the Government in an
expensive and bloody war, continuing for many
years. .
Mr. HAIGHT. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr'. ELDRIDGE. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I never in my whole life heard
a song sung that was so familiar to me both m
sound and in substance as the song yrhich my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
just repeated. I have always admired him
when he was singing that song. I have always
admired the earnestness and pathos with which
bespeaks. Indeed, Mr. Chairman, there was a
time when I began to love the gentleman
[laughter] because of his integrity, because of
his purity, because of his sincerity, and particu-
larly because of his economy.
Mr. WOOD. And his loyalty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend at my side
suggests to me to cap the climax by adding,
"and on account of his loyalty." I repeat
the remark only because my friend has sug-
gested it.
Mr. DAWES. That is a secondary matter,
I suppose.
Mr. ELDRID GE. The word 1' loyalty'' I
have always despised. I despise what is called
a "loyal" man; I hate him from the crown
of my head to the sole of my feet. I once
undertook to illustrate to the House by a story
the meaning of this word " loyaltyand as
the House may have forgotten the incident I
wish to repeat it for the benefit of my friend
from Massachusetts. The question was asked
why a friend of mine could not get the con-
tracts out of which he could make money
during the war, and one who was able to get
contracts and make money, a loyal man, told
him the reason why he could not was because
he was disloyal, and the reason why he could
was because he was " truly loyal.'' My friend
says, "Now, what do you mean by loyalty?"
"Mean?" he says; " why it is a feeling which
pervades a man, that influences his whole con-
duct, that makes him really what he is, or what
he is not." "But," said my friend, "what
does that mean?" He replied, " It is a feel-
ing." " Well, then, how do you feel?" "I
feel loyal." " But what is that feeling?" He
then replied, " I feel as though 1 wanted to
steal something or kill somebody." [Laugh-
ter.] And that is loyalty. You have made
that word take the place of the true and noble
old word, the foundation principle of the Re-
public and of the nation—to take the place of
"patriotism." I am patriotic, but 1 am not
" loyal." It is a word which does not belong
to this country; but only belongs to Massa-
chusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will now have a
vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not through, and
the gentleman must not hurry this matter up.
I know he was anxious to have an evening ses-
sion. He was very anxious before to hurry one
of the appropriation bills through to get to
New Hampshire in time for the elections, and
I suppose he is now anxious to hurry this
through in order to get to Connecticut in time
for the election there. I shall hold the floor
as long as my five minutes lasts, and from the
appearance of the Chairman I think they are
nearly up.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. Unless some other of the
brethren want to claim they are not loyal and
never have been, I insist they shall confine
themselves to the subject under discussion.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose the gentleman
would.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to let the gen-
tleman rest in his own bed where he makes it.
Mr. ELDRID GE. I should like to have the
gentleman from Massachusetts rest in some bed.
Mr. DAWES. I move the following amend-
ment :
To enable the Surgeon General of the Array to pay
the balance due under the contract executed by him
with the Providence Hospital, in the District of
Columbia, for the care, support, and medioal treat-
ment of sixty transient paupers, $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move the following amend-
ment:
For this sum to the Sisters of our Lady of Mercy
of South Carolina, in consideration of services gra-
tuitously rendered to sick and wounded Union offi-
cers and soldiers m the city of Charleston, while
under bombardment, during the late war, to be
SP  8 their orphan asylum in said
city, $20,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise toapointoforder
on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, as this is new legislation.
Mr. DAWES. There is no law against it.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no law for it.
Mr. DAWES. There is no law for paying
General Harney or others for whom appropri-
ations have been made, and I shall have to take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. If
there is anything in order to this bill it is cer-
tainly this provision.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not this precisely of
the same character as the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Arkansas, and which
was ruled out of order ?
Mr. DAWES. I neither heard the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas
nor understood what the point of order was,
although I made the point of order myself. It
was said that there was new legislation in the
amendment, and I made the point of order
without hearing what the amendment was itself.
Mr. JENCKES. What is before the com-
mittee?
Mr. DAWES. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas was anything like this
I should be in favor of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has sustained
the point of order, and he has sustained it
under the one hundred and twentieth rule of
the House, so often referred to, that no appro-
priation shall be made in an appropriation bill
except it be provided for by law. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts take an appeal ?
Mr. DAWES. Does the Chair decide the
amendment to be out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. JENCKES. There is nothing before the
House unless the gentleman takes an appeal.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. It is contrary to the uniform
construction of the rule, and to the principle
upon which the whole bill rests, or rather I
should say on which more than half of the
bill rests.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order. No debate is allowable on an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
one hundred and twentieth rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shallbe reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment
thereto, for any expenditure not previously author-
ized by law, unless in continuation of appropria-
tions for such publicworks and objects as are already
in progress, and for the contingencies for carrying
on the several Departments of the Government."
Mr. DAWES. The very last amendment
offered, that relating to the Providence Hos-
pital, was on the same ground as this one.
The question was, "Shall the decision of
the Chair be sustained?"
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 63, noes 41; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Dawes and Mr. Boles were
appointed.
The committee again divided; and there
were—ayes 64, noes 55.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which I send to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To supply the deficiencies in the appropriations
for blank-books, stationery, fuel, and lights for the
post office building, including the Sixth Auditor 8
Office, repairs of the building and furniture, PMpT"
ing, painting, fitting up permanent eases tor Ming
papers; for pay of engineer, fireman, ana lalrorers.
for library purposes, for telegrams, and tor miscel-
laneous items, 827,000.
Mr. BEAMAN. This appropriation isasked
for the reason that the amount stated in the
amendment had been anticipated^ and used
before the present incumbent came into oiUcc.
