1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Sivann.
Ho: of Reus.
specifically enumerated as intended to be exer-
cised by the Federal Government or incident
thereto, reside in the States and the people,
and cannot be wrested from them without
usurpation and violence.
The dangers of a too liberal construction of
the powers of Congress at this critical juncture
cannot be too strongly deprecated after the
experience of the past few years. We have a
great future before us, but its success, whether
l'or good or evil, is only to be estimated by the
measure of wisdom and statesmanship and def-
erence to constitutional limitation and popular
sovereignty, which shall give it direction and
shape its policy. Sectional jealousies may be
expected to increase rather than diminish, and
the States growing in number, as they must do,
and daily augmenting in wealth and influence,
will singly or by combinations multiply the
causes of dissension by local antagonisms, by
strained constructions of the organic law or
more enlarged views of national policy, as they
may be influenced by geographical lines, the
rivalries of trade, or the greed for power. To
cement and hold together this combination of
States, subject to so many disturbing causes,
without the aid of defined and established land-
marks, would be as futile as to attempt to guard
a ship from the fury of the elements without the
anchorage which binds her to her moorings.
England has no written constitution as we
have; but there is no Government whose powers
are more strictly defined or jealously watched
by her people; and this feature of her civil
polity has been the secret of her success for
centuries past amid the storms and whirlwinds,
the rise and fall of empires, with which she
has been surrounded and through which she
has successfully passed. If the Federalpower
is to be enlarged, if the rights of the people are
to be interfered with, it must be done by then-
free consent and not by force or indirection.
In no other way can we avoid strife and dis-
cord, or the dangers of revolution and civil war.
The small States in all conflicts for power and
authority among themselves must succumb to
the more populous and powerful, in the absence
of a recognized arbiter. Neither the execu-
tive, legislative, nor judicial departments fur-
nish this. The Constitution, then, in its just,
limited, and rigid construction, in giving pro-
tection to the weak against the strong, in the
interposition of its effective arm in all attempts
at violence and usurpation, whether from the
Federal Government or the States themselves,
is, as I have before said, the balance-wheel of
our republican system, and the only guarantee
of future safety.
In the adoption of the Federal Constitution
the right to control suffrage was left with the
States. This can hardly be denied. It was
a cardinal feature of our republican system
of government. Among the powers reserved
to the people there was not one more funda-
mental than that which regulated and de-
fined the qualification of voters. It was the
democratic principle which held in check the
growing tendency to consolidation. When you
take this away, either by constitutional amend-
ment, or arbitrary assumption, you change
essentially the republican form of your gov-
ernment. The States are no longer sovereign
in the sense in which they have heretofore man-
aged their local concerns without liinderance.
They become the vassals of an overshadowing,
centralized power, which must hold the rod of
authority over them, and interpose, whenever
prompted by caprice or party discipline, in their
domestic organization or management. But
the great question which concerns us now is,
whether the people are prepared voluntarily to
cede this tremendous power, with others involv-
ing their very existence, to the Federal arm, and
to show their distrust of the States as the proper
depositories of the powers not delegated by the
Constitution. Will the States and the people
disfranchise themselves ? Are they not to be
trusted with the use of power in the regulation
of their domestic affairs ? In the forty-fifth
number of the Federalist Mr. Madison says:
"The operations of the Federal Government -will
be most extensive and important in times of war and
danger; those of the State governments in times of
peace and security."
In the same number he says:
" The State governments may be regarded as con-
stituent and essential parts of the Federal Govern-
ment; while the latter is in nowise essential in the
operation and organization of the former. Without
the intervention of the State legislatures the Presi-
dent of the (Jnited States cannot be elected at all.
They must in all eases have a great share in his
appointment, and will, perhaps, in most cases de-
termine it. The Senate will be elected absolutely
and exclusively by the State Legislatures. Even the
House of Representatives, though drawn immedi-
ately from the people, will be chosen very much
under the influence of that class of men whose in-
fluence over the people obtains for themselves an
election into the State Legislatures. Thus each of
the principal branches of the Federal Government
will owe its existence more or less to the power of
the State governments, and must consequently feel
a dependence which is much more likely to beget a
disposition too obsequious than too overbearing to-
ward them. On one side the State governments will
in no instance be indebted for their appointment to
the direct agency of the Federal Government, and
very little, if at all, to the local members."
Such was Mr. Madison's idea of the consti-
tutional relations of the States as integral parts
of the Federal compact, and the practical effect
of the powers reserved to them. The invest-
ment of the central government with this power
over suffrage within the States, which inci-
dentally carries with it the qualification ofi
voters, changes the whole theory on which
these views were based. The State govern-
ments become subordinate and powerless where
they were intended tobe supreme and effective
in the exercise of this specific power. It is
closely interwoven with their whole domestic
organization ; for if the power to control suf-
frage within a State is made a function of the
Federal agency, why may it not be construed
to apply to unnaturalized aliens, to minors
and women, to lunatics and persons non com-
pos mentis, and other prohibited classes ? The
clause to enforce the fifteenth amendment, by
"appropriatelegislation," admits of the widest
latitude. It makes Congress the supreme arbi-
ter. Wearenotto argue that these are absurd
and improbable contingencies. We must leave
nothing to chance in dealing with so grave a
subject. It breaks up the equilibrium of our
system by abridging the power of the States;
and the danger of abuse in the delegation of
this fearful power to the Federal Government
ought to admonish us of how much we are
parting with in the effort to elevate and advance
the African race.
The question of suffrage before and during
the late presidential campaign had awakened
a large share of the public attention. In Ohio
and Pennsylvania and New York, and some
other States, the control of this power by the
Federal Government was received with marked
disfavor by the masses of the people, and no
attempt was made to force a direct issue upon
its merits. On the contrary, the Republican
party in their Chicago platform proclaimed in
clear and explicit terms that—
"The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to nil
loval men at the South was demanded by every con-
sideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of jus-
tice, and must be maintained, while the question of
suffrage in nil the loyal States properly belongs to
the people of those States."
If this was the sense of the Republican con-
vention why do we find it ignored at this early
day ? The theory of the Constitution has under-
gone no change since then, and the propriety
of interfering with the States in the exercise of
this power is not more apparent now than it
was at the time when the convention met. It
was a frank admission by the Republican party
of the whole principle for which I am contend-
ing, that "the question of suffrage properly
belongs to the people.'' It belongs to the peo-
ple and the States, Mr. Speaker, because it has
been secured to them by constitutional guar-
antees ; it belongs to them because it has ever
been held as one of the most important of their
reserved rights; it belongs to them because
they have claimed and exrercised it since the
origin of this Government; it belongs to them
because it is vital in their domestic organiza-
tion and management; and it properly belongs
to them because in parting with it they; make
themselves subordinate and dependent opon
the Federal power, compromise their repub-
lican form of government, and open the door
to the extinguishment of all their reservedrights
under the Constitution.
The powers of the Federal Government are
already too much expanded beyond the limit
intended by its early founders. The States
cannot in deference to the safety of their insti-
tutions make any greater sacrifices than they
have done already. They bave given up every-
thing but suffrage, and this the fifteenth
amendment claims at their hands. No matter
what consequences may be involved in .this
struggle the people must look to their own
safety and the safety of their government. • If
they give up powerit willnever return to them
without an effort, and that effort is to be avoided
in the interest of peace. Free government
depends upon popular support, and that sup-
port willbe withdrawn from the dominant party
the moment the people find they are oppressed,
as they are now, by arbitrary or despotic exac-
tions. Congress has been invested with limited
and defined powers within which they must
legislate, and beyond which they cannot go;
and so of the coordinate departments that com-
prise our Federal system. If we extend these
powers beyond the limit of necessity we under-
mine and weaken the base upon which the
whole fabric rests. When the people are not
to be trusted, and voluntarily admit their in-
ability to hold power by favoring consolidation
and centralization in the surrender of the rights
so carefully and judiciously secured to .them,
it is not difficult to foresee the dangers to which
they lay themselves open, assuming propor-
tions by gradual and almost imperceptible
advances and ending in anarchy, disorganiza-
tion, and ultimate despotism. These are the
lessons of history for centuries past in the rise
and fall of republics, and should be kept
steadily in view by the statesmen and legislators
of our own times.
This right of the States to regulate suffrage
within their limits was still more clearly recog-
nized by the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution. That article pro-
vides that—
'' Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting the whole numberof persons jn each btate,
excluding Indians not taxed. Butwhentheright to
vote at any election for the choice of electors for
President and Vice President, Representatives m
Congress, the executive and judicial officers ol _a
State, or the members of the Legislature thereof, is
denied to any of the male inhabitants.of such btate
being twenty-one yours of age and citizens of the
United States, or in any way abridged, except tor
participation in the rebellion or other crime, the basis
of representation therein shall be reduced in the
pi oportion which the number of such male citizens
shiillbearto the wholenumber of such male citizens
twenty-one years of age in such State.
Here is a clear recognition of the power by
the States to exclude from suffrage citizens of
African descent as well as others, and the rea-
son that prompted it has undergone no change
from any more favorable interpretation of the
organic law. And yet this power is now summa-
rily taken from the States, and these same citi-
zens of African descent, forcibly invested with
the right of suffrage, have been used as the lev-
erage to subvert your Constitution and change
your whole form of government.
The suicidal policy of any further amend-
ment to the Constitution tending to weaken
the power of the States and the people, or to
interfere with their carefully reserved rights,
