1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
proceeds of the sales of the lands and the notes
transferred to the United States,
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
also whether this arrangement of transferring j
property and seeking to collect claims, &c., :
was not at the request and for the benefit of the
SUMr.epBATT. I think it is clearly inferable
thftt it W&8*
Mr. CONKLING. Now only one other ques-
tion: is there the recommendation, in any
form, of the Department that the sureties be
released ?
Mr. PRATT. Smce the Senator has asked
that question, I will read an extract from a let-
ter that I have received from the venerable
Judge Sullivan, for a long time an ornament
to the supreme bench of the State of Indiana.
He writes as follows:
"I have thought for more than thirty years paat
that the elaim of the Government against Canby
(at least against the sureties) was settled. Some-
thing having been said at the Treasury Department
about the matter, that the account was not settled,
&c., the sureties were advised by the Secretary to
bring the matter before Congress. We accordingly
did so."
I pause here to correct a misapprehension
that might arise from the wording of the bill,
that suits have been instituted upon these
bonds. That is not the case, as I understand
by a letter received from the District Attor-
ney ; nor under the law do I suppose any suit
is necessary. I suppose a Treasury warrant is
all that is essential. Judge Sullivan proceeds
to say:
" The Senate passed a trill for our relief, but the
bill was not reached in the House of Representatives
before the dose of the Fortieth Congress. I beg to
refer you to the report of the proceedings of the Sen-
ate on the subject as published in the Daily Globe of
the 28th July, 1868; also tothereportof Mr. Willkt,
chairman of the committee to whom the bill was
referred.
" My affidavit is on file, and since forwarding it I
found a letter from General Howard, dated the 30th
May, 1837, saying that the property received from
Canby by the Government would pay the debt, and
that the securities might rest easy, Ac. Howard was
then district attorney. That letter I forwarded by
the direction of Mr. Bright—
One of his co-sureties—
"to M. C. Kkbb, (M. C_) who inform* me that it
was passed through the House to the Committee on
Claims in the House of Representatives.
"I mention the above facts simply to ask you'to
look into the matter and-get hold of all the evidence
in the case, being confident when you do so that you
will see that the sureties were lulled into the belief
that they were entirely secure from liability to the
Qovernment, and therefore took no steps to seoure
themselves against Canby.
" Dr. Canby, the late receiver, is dead and ha? been
dead some fifteen years, I think and left no prop-
erty."
That is the specific ground upon which thia
claim for relief rests, that the sureties were
lulled into security, as Judge Sullivan says,
by the assurances of the district attorney of
the United States.
Mr. WILLEY. Before the Senator passes
from that point, and as quite responsive to the
interrogatqry, wpuld the Senator from New
York allow me to state that on the 18th of
March, 1837, Mr. Canby himself requested that
the Illinois lands might be released from these
liens; and that without anyparticipation in that
request on the part of the sureties, and on the
sole request of the principal, Dr. Canby, a large
and valuable atnoant of land was voluntarily
released through the instruction of the agents
of the Government? Now, it seems to me it
would be exceedingly harsh, after the Govern-
ment has released, at the request of Mr. Canby,
lands which would have amply indemnified the
Government, to hold the sureties responsible,
when that release was made without their asking
Mr. PRATT. I was just about alluding to
that fact. It is trap, as the Senator from West
Virginia says, that the evidence shows that
eleven thousand acres and upward of lands in
Illinois which had been letied upon by the
marshal in obedience to the command of these
Treasury warrants were, upon the application
of the principal in the bond, discharged from
the levy.
Mr. CONKLING. Without the privity of
the sureties ?
Mr. PRATT. Without the privity of the
sureties, and upon the ground that property
sufficient already, in the estimation of the dis-
trict attorney, had been turned over in order to
satisfy the entire demand of the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Indiana permit me to state a point?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I was on the committee when
the Senator from West Virginia made his able
and satisfactory report. I agreed to it without
any hesitancy, upon this principle—a principle
that regulates tne interests and contracts of
individuals, and ought to be applied to the
Government and its debtors—that where there
is a principal debtor and he places property in
the possession of the creditor sufficient to sat-
isfy the debt, and the creditor applies part of
the property to the extinguishment of the debt
and releases the residue of the property with-
out the consent of the securities, it releases in
equity and at law the securities from their lia-
bility. That is exactly the case here.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the indulgence of
the gentlemen who have this day's business in
charge to allow me to submit a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMBOAT COM?ANT.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move, to resume the con?
sideration of Senate bill No. 430, Which was
temporarily laid aside a short time ago.
The motion was agreed to; and the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 430) to incorpo-
rate the Washington Mail Steamboat Company
was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by adding:
And each corporator shall be individually liable
for all debts of the company to the amount of his
stock therein, and for one year after any transfer of
the same.
Th$ amendment was Agreed to.
Mr. CONKLIN& Now, I should like to hear
that section read as it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section as
amended will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted. That the capital
stock of Mid company shall not be lesstban $250,000,
nor more than- 9500,000, to be divided into shares of
$100 each; and each corporator shall be individually
liable for all debts of the company to the amount of
his stock therein, and for one year after any trans-
fer of the same.
.Mr. CONKLING. I ventured, when the
bill came up before, to call the attention of
the mover to the fact that there was no provis-
ion in it for personal liability to any extent, nor
was there any provision requiring any payment
whatever to be made upon the stock by sub-
scribers. In a certain degree the amendment
answers one of those suggestions; it does not
affect to aaiBwer the other. But now I wish to
submit to the Senator from Maine a view which
I havepresentedsometimes before in the Sen-
ate. The practice of incorporating specially
all manner bf things in the District of Cokrm-
bia, not subjects deemed necessary in the States
for aiets of incorporation, is a very troublesome
and an evil one. If running steamboats be the
appropriate -subject and business of incorpo-
rated companies, I think there should be a gen-
eral act, as I believe there is now in most of
the States, under which such incorporations
may proceed. Here is a charter, which, if
the honorable Senator will not take it in the
way of criticism, I beg to say, as compared
with any charter knftwn in my own State, is
strangely wanting in those things deemed ne-
cessary for public protection. A corporation
is set up with a capital of $250,000. They
may issue their bonds for half the amount.
There is no provision that any stockholder
shall be compelled to pay one farthing for his
stock. It may all be distributed gratuitously for
aught I see ; and the only safeguard of any
kind, in the direction which I referred to, istlmt
now introduced by the Senator from Maine,
i which, as the law is understood in the region
■ of countryin which I live, is wholly inadequate
. for the protection of creditors. The liability
1 of the corporator by the amendment is for the
; amount of his stock and for one year after the
' same shall be transferred. When you coine to
| interpret that and to apply it, although I will
not spend time now to argue it, it will be found
wholly wanting as a safeguard in this respect.
If, however, the Senator thinks it is worth
while to press it, I do not mean to be the only
one to interpose.
The bill was, reported to the Senate as
am ended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say a word in rela-
tion to this bill. I think the criticism which
the Senator from New York makes, although
made in the right mode and the right way, and
I appreciate it, is not called for by the bill.
Here is a bill which proposes to charter a cer-
tain company, to incorporate certain individ-
uals who are known to be men of wealth and
of means. I suppose they want a corporate
power instead ©i being compelled to do busi
ness as a copartnership, ana that is all they
design. They want it because it is much easier
and much handier to transact business in the
name of a corporation than ib is in the name of
a copartnership that consists of tweoty persons.
You have got to name every person in every
instrument, in every transaction, if you do busi-
ness as a copartnership. The aet of incorpora-
tion is simply for the purpose of allowing them
to do business more conveniently.
Now; is there any harm to be feared from it?
I take it not. I take it that they propose to
pay in their money, and build their vessels, and
to ran them upon this river; and their corpo-
rate property, without the provision which I
have had inserted in the bill, would be held, as
it would be held as copartnership property, for
all debts that n ay be contracted. Bat at the
suggestion of the Senator from New York I
have put in a provision whi$h shall hold these
men individually liable to the amount of their
stock for all the debts of the corporation, and
for fear they nay transfer it to irresponsible
parties, that they shall be held for a year there-
after. I cannot conoeive that there is any dif-
ficulty, and I think the objection is hypercritical.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Senator
whether he thinks this is a hypercritical sugges-
tion about a charter ? Is it not clearly wanting
in "safety if there is no provision requiring a
stockholder to -pay one farthing in money or
anything else for his stock ? Now I stop there
and I ask the Senator whether he thinks that is
hypercritical?
Mr. HAMLIN. I an fewer distinctly, yes?
because until they do pay in their means and
make and construct their boats the? cannot do
a particle of business. Consequently when
they comply with just what the law does mean,'
to* wit, pay in their stock and build their boats,
they have got corporate property to respond to
the liability-
Mr. CONKLING. Shall we understand,
then, that if a charter contains no condition-
precedent requiring stock to be paid in the
corporation cannot be launched at all as mat-
ter of law; that it can take on no power unless
the stock is paid in ? I have only to say to the
honorable Senator 'that if the courts in New
York could have understood that forty years
ago it would have saved a vast deal of litigation
and some money. A great judge said that
some millions had been spent in construing the
statute of frauds in England. Some millions
have been spent in the dark for the want of
that rule of law with which the Senator, seeks
now to sustain this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
