8870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
pension to Clark Hall, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Clark
Hall, late a member of Captain William Greg-
ory's company, attached to the fourth regiment
of Virginia volunteers in the war of 1812, upon
the pension-roll of the United States, at the
rate of eight dollars a month from and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. RICE. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HAMILTON ltlSyNE.
Mr. RICE, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition of Hamilton lieyne,
a Mexican war pensioner, praying for restora-
tion, and moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN POWERS.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, from the same com-
mittee, reported a joint resolution (H. 1{. No.
300) granting a pension to John Powers, late a
private in the eleventh United States infantry
in the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of John Powers,
a private in Captain Bliss's company of the
eleventh regiment United States infantry in
the war of 1812, on the pension-roll, at the rate
of eight dollars a month, from and after the
passage of this act.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 move to amend by in-
serting "fifteen dollars" instead of "eight
dollars."
Mr. KNAPP. I will state to my colleague
whyl must object to thatamendment. If I am
not mistaken, the pension to this party was sus-
pended on account of his having been in the ser-
vice of the confederates during the late war. I
mustobject, therefore, to the increase proposed.
Mr. BENNETT. After the explanation by
my colleague I withdraw the amendment.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SABAII CALTj.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, from the samecom-
mittee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill for the relief of Sarah
Call, widow of Philip Call, deceased, and moved
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
J. Jt. CALLAHAN.
Mr. KNAPP, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 453) granting a
pension to J. R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
(he Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-rolls, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of J.
R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa, who was a vol-
unteer serving with the first regiment of Ohio
volunteers in the jvar of 1812, and to pay him a
pension of eight dollars a month, commencing
the 1st day of January, 1809, and to continue
during his natural life.
Mr. KNAPP. There is a report on this ease
by the Senate Committee on Pensions which I
desire to have read.
The report was read, as follows :
The petitioner is a citizen of Lucas county, Iowa,
lie joined the Army in Juno, 1812. as a volunteer,
and acted asteainsterfirstregimentOhiovolunteers,
and was in several engagements with the enemy,
and was wounded in the hand at the action at
Brownstown by the bursting of a musket while in
the line of his duty. His application tor a pension
was rejected by the Pension Bureaubecause, as there
alleged, he was a hireling, not included in the pen-
sion laws. The committee are satisfied that the peti-
tioner was in the service as a volunteer, and that he
was wounded as stated, and therefore recomnioud
that his prayer be granted, andreport a bill to place
his name upon the pension-roll as if he had been an
enlisted man.
Mr. WEIjKEII. I move to amend by add-
ing to the bill certain sections which I send to
the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the interior be, and ho is hereby, authorized
and directed to place on the pension-rolls the names
of the surviving officers and enlisted and drafted
men, including inilitia and volunteers, of tho mili-
tary and naval service of tho United States, who
served, eonsceutivelv, three months in the war with
Great Biitain of 18IJ, and were honorably dis-
charged, and who are in circumstances which render
them dependentupon their own labor, or who aro
dependent upon others for support, and who, at no
time during- the Lite rebellion against the authority of
the United States adhered to thecausoof tho enemies
of the Government, giving them aid and comfort, or
cxcrcised the functions of any office whatover under
any authority or pretended authority in hostility to
the United States, and who shall take and subscribe
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
SRC. —. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall not apply to any person who is dependent upon
others for support, in pursuance of any contract for
such support based upon a valuable consideration,
nor to any person who is receiving a pension at tho
rato of eight dollars or more per month, nor to any
person receivins: a pension less than eight dollars
per month, excopt for tho difference between the
pension now received and eight dollars per month.
Pensions under this act shall bo at the rate of eight
dollars per month, except as herein provided when
a person is receiving a ponsion of less than eight dol-
lars per month, and shall bo paid to tho persons
entitled thereto from and after tho time when their
names are placed upon tho pension-rolls for and
during the term of their natural lives.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That before the
name of any person shall be placed on the pension-
rolls under this act, proof shall be made, undersuch
rules and regulations as tho Secretary of thelnterior
may prescribe, that the applicant is entitled to a
pension under tho provisions of this act; and any
person who shall falsoly take any oath required to
bo taken under tho provisions of this act shall be
guilty of perjury; and tho Secretary of the Interior
shall cause to be stricken from the pension-rolls the
name of any person whenever it shall appear, by
proof satisfactory to him, that such namo was put
upon such rolls through raise or fraudulent repre-
sentations as to the right of such person to a pension
under the provisions of this act. Tho loss of a cer-
tificate of discharge shall not deprive the applicant
of the benefits of this act, but other proof of services
performed and of an honorable discharge, if satis-
factory, shall bo deemed sufficient.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, Thattheprovis-
ions of sections twelve and thirteen of an act entitled
'An actsuppleracntary to an act to grant pensions,"
approved J uly 4,1861, and of sections two, three, and
four of an act entitled "An act supplementary to
several acts relating to pensions/' approved June 6,
lb6t>, shall bo applicable to the pensions granted by
this act.
Mr. KNAPP. I raise the point of order
that these sections cannot be attached to the
bill, not being germane to i'fc.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The bill was ordered to a third reading 5
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KNAPP moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired*
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to state that the
amendment moved by the geml.eman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] to the bill just, passed is
a bill reported from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, and recommitted to that
committee. I ask unanimous consent that the
committee be permitted to report it back to-
morrow.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
TiKCO lD OF YOTKS.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on the
Rules, reported the following resolution:
llesolvcd. That the rules of the House be amended
by adding thereto the following:
It is not in order for the Speaker to entertain any
request for a member to change the record of his
vote on any question after tho result shall have been
dec id red, nor shall any member be allowed to record
his vote 011 any question if he was not present when
such vote was taken,
Mr. BANKS. Tho object of fftat rule i8 to
prevent a change of the record after a decision
by the House. It leaves gentlemen of the
House who desire to make statements in regard
to their votes an opportunity to do so in the
Globe, but not to change the recoid.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose, as sometimes
happens, that a member is recorded on the
Journal as voting oil the other side fro.in that
011 which lie actually cast his vote, would this
prevent a correction being made?
Mr. BANKS. It does not affect that at all.
It simply prevents gentlemen from coming into
the House two or three days after, a vote lias
been declared and asking to have their votes
recorded.
Mr. BENTON. I understand that there ia
no such right now.
Mr. MUNGEN. Iwouldinquirewhateffect
this would have on those members of the House
who are engaged in committee meetings when
votes are taken by yeas and nays. Would it
deprive them of the chancc to have their votes
recorded if they were not absolutely here?
Mr. BANKS. When gentlemen are absent
by the order of the House, that is subject to a
different rule.
1 he SPEAKER. Gentlemen who are absent
by order of the House are construed as being
present.
Mr. BANKS. I will move to strike out the
words "the record of."
_ Mr. BENTON. This is an important ques-
tion, and if the gentleman will look round he
will see that half the members are absent, and
we ought not to change the rules when mem-
bers are not here.
Mr. BANKS. It is not my fault that they
are not here. I am not to blame. I will modify
the resolution by striking out t>he words " the
record ofso that.it will read :
It is not in order for the Speaker to euteitain any
request for amember to change his vote on any ciues-
tion alter tho result has been declared.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMSlrTTEKS 01' CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of tlie following as members of committees of
conference on the part of the House:
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
in regard to the distribution of the Tribute?
of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln: Mr
Laflin, Mr. Perce, and Mr. Dox.
On the disagreeing votes of the two Ilousei
on the resolution in regard to wrecked ani
abandoned property: Mr. Butlkii of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Peters, and Mr. Ancuca.
On the disagreeing votes of the two House!)
on the resolution in regard to furnishing arti-
ficial limbs for soldiers: Mr. Neqley. Mr
Shanks, and Mr. Adams.
LEAVES OP A1S5KNCE
Mr. G1LFILLAN obtained an extension of
his leave of absence for four days.
Mr. CAKE obtained indefinite
absenec.
Mr. AMES obtained leave of absence for
twp days.
Mr. PERRY obtained indefinite leave of
absence.
Mr. LOUGH RIDGE obtained leave of ab-
indefinite leave of
