1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
If no gentleman is desirous of any further
information on the subject I shall ask that a
vote be taken.
Mr. ALLISON. It is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Judicial:
For nine circuit judges of Supreme Court of the
United States, to reside in circuit, from December 6,
1809, to June 13,1870, both inclusive, $25,686.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer an amendment
to that paragraph, to strike out the words
"December G, 1809," and to insert the words
'•from the dates of their respective commis-
sions." I desire to know from the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations why he pro-
poses to pay these judges i'or the time preceding
their appointment and confirmation. I believe
there were none of these judges ever appointed
at the date he proposes that their pay shall
commence. They were not confirmedtill some
time after that, nor commissioned till a still
later period. The amendment I have intro-
duced proposes to pay them from the date of
their commission. Certainly we cannot be
asked to pay them for any longer time. I
should_ like to know of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations why he fixes
that date.
Mr. DAWES. The amendmentofthe gentle-
man from Missouri is very proper. I see no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out in line two hundred and fifty-four the words
"the Supreme Court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairing and refurnishing the President's
House, $25,000.
Mr. STILES. I move to strike out that
clause. I desire the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to state what amount
has been expended already during the present
fiscal year in furnishing the President's House
in addition to the amount appropriated by this
bill.
Mr, DAWES. Mr. Chairman, there was
appropriated in the last Congress the usual
sum of $25,000 for repairing and furnishing
the President's House. It has been usual to
appropriate that sum at the commencement
of each^ Administration. At the commence-
ment of one Administration, I think the last,
that, sum was doubled, being made $50,000 by
appropriations at different times. During the
last session of the last Congress the usual
$25,000 was appropriated; but when the re-
pairs came to be made the walls of the Pres-
ident's House were found to be so impaired
that it was necessary to expend a good deal of
money on them. This was a matter which did
not come into the estimates when the $25,000
were appropriated, that sum being appropri-
ated for the furniture and refitting of the house.
A great portion of the sum, however, it was
found necessary to expend on permanent re-
pairs, and therefore a less sum was left for (it-
ting up and furnishing the house; hence this
deficiency.
Mr. STlLES. This appropriation for fur-
nishing the President's House is so large as to
require some explanation from the chairman
of the committee, and the statement is not very
satisfactory. It appears that a very large sum
has been appropriated, and another $25,000
is needed, not fonnded upon items, which
ought to be furnished. When the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill was
under consideration last month I took occa-
sion to submit a statement of the appropria-
tions asked for for the fiscal year of 1870-71,
and the amount appropriated and asked for
for the year ending June, 1871, was stated to
be $132,800. Not a dollar of that sum was
for repairs to the White House, but was for
the President's salary arid expenses of the
Presidential Mansion. I also stated that
under President Lincoln in 1862 and 1863 the
amount expended was but $34,550, making the
amount under the present system of economy
$98,250 more now than Mr. Lincoln required
in the midst of the war. The deficiency in
last year's appropriations is large and has
been unexplained, and owing to the haste with
which we progress in the consideration of this
bill I cannot get from the committee the whole
amount that will go to the President for the
year 1870, and cannot therefore give the total
amount at this moment, not being able to get
the amounts except through the committee.
As the gentleman has only answered my ques-
tion in part, this is all I have to say, but will
add that this Administration in the first and
second years will require more than was ex-
pended by the predecessor of General Grant,
and greatly more than Mr. Lincoln ever re-
quired in a time of war, when as a necessity
much more was requisite and necessary than
now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I would say that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is entirely mistaken in
stating the current expenses of the White
House. They are no more now than they have
been for a long time past; indeed, not so much
as they have been at some times in the past.
The question was taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Stiles ; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
To pay livo watchmen employed on Reservation
i\o. 2 $120 each, in order to make their entiro pay
for tho current year 4720 each, $600.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To pay John S. Willard & Co. tho amount due
them l'or furniture for the Treasury building, $4,275.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Navy Department:
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for
fuel for the Marine Corps, $10,000,
To supply deficiencies in the contingent appropri-
ations, $21,691.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following as an
additional section :
Sua. 2. And be it further enacted. That there is
horoby appropriated, outof anymoneys intheTreas-
urynot otherwise) appropriated, the sum of $47,786 73
lor expenses of tho following committees of the
House oi liepresentatives of the Forty-First Con-
gross, while engaged in investigations, namely:
The Committee of Elections, $26,416 05; the Com-
mittee ot Ways and Means, 45,772 52; the Committee
on loreign Aftairs, id,870 30; the Committee on tho
Judiciary, $3,584 08; the Committee on the Decline
ot American Commerce, $2,000; the Committee on
the Ninth Census, §3,143 78, being the amounts re-
ported by the Committee on Accounts to the Ilouse
of liepresentatives on tho 1st of March, 1870, and
ordered to be audited and approved, the same to be
added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the Ifouso of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DA\VES._ I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
sixty-two:
For salary of thesurvoyorgeneral of theTerritory
of Wyoming, $1,192.
For clerks in li is office* $1,589.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to change the phrase-
ology of au amendment which was adopted at
an early stage of the bill, and for that purpose I
move to strike out the following clauses, the
latter of which is the amendment I refer to :
For the payment of tho necessary expenses in-
curred m defending suits against the Secretary of
the treasury or his agents, for the seizure of cap-
tured and abandoned property in thelato insurrec-
tionary districts, and for the defense of the United
States against suits for and in respect to such prop-
erty in the Court of Claims, $20,000.
_ 1' or prosecutingsuits and for services and expenses
m preparing to praseoato suits in the United States
for the recovery of captured and abandoned prop-
ei ty, 5?^v,uUu«
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the necessary expenses of defending suits in
the Court of Claims againstthe United States for the
proceeds of abandoned and captured property under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, pur-
suant to tho joint resolution of March 30, 1868,
$20,000,
And for necessary expenses incurred in defending
suits against the Secretary of the Treasury or his
subordinates and agents in respect to or growing out
of the seizure of such property and in prosecuting
suits for the recovery of property claimed to have
accrued or belonged to the United States growing
out of the rebellion or the suppression thereof,
$20,000.
The amendment does not alter the amount
at all. It is only more specific as to the mode
of the appropriation. That is all.
Mr. HOLM AN. The amount of this appro-
priation is $20,000.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment appropriates
$40,000 in all, and the bill as it stands appro-
priates that amount. The bill as it stands
has been amended so as to appropriate $40,000,
but it does not specify that $20,000 is to pay
for the expense of defending cotton suits in
the Court of Claims, and $20,000 for defend-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury against suits
growing out of the collection of the revenue.
The amendment I propose is to make specific
appropriations for that purpose.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman's explana-
tion is entirely satisfactory so far as it goes.
But it would be more satisfactory if he would
give us the items.
Mr. DAWES. The Government is now
engaged in the process of defending the United
States in the Court of Claims against a great
many demands made upon it on account of
cotton and abandoned property. The gentle- .
man knows the character of those suits.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. DAWES. It is necessary to be all the
time taking testimony all over the southern
States, and to employ from time to time coun-
sel in the different localities. It is judged
necessary by the Secretary of the Treasury that
there should be applied $25,000 for that pur-
pose, and he sent us an estimate for that
amount. But we have appropriated only $20,000
for tha,t purpose, and he has consented to the
reduction. Then there are constantly suits
brought against the collectors of customs in
different ports—in the port of New York, the
port of Boston, the port of Philadelphia, and
other ports—and those suits must be defended
by the Secretary of the Treasux-y. Sometimes
suits are brought against the Secretary of the
Treasury. In order to pay the expenses of
those suits, in the latter part of the amendment
is appropriated the sum of $20,000. As the
original pill now stands it does not specify that
$20,000 is for the one purpose and $20,000 for
the other. It is thought better to make the
appropriation more specific.
Mr. HOLMAN. The fact, I suppose, is that
a large portion of this money has already been
expended.
Mr. DAWES. This is a deficiency bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes; and the deficiency
is for money that has already been expended.
Some of these suits have been taken to the
Supreme Court, and counsel have been em-
ployed and paid. Now an itemized statement
of the amounts expended would be valuable
information to the House.
_ Mr. DAWES. While I have not an item-
ized statement of the accounts, I can state to
the gentleman the principle upon which the
money has been expended. It is necessary to
take testimony in New Orleans, Mobile, St.
Augustine, and other places. It is altogether
too expensive to employ an attorney here and
him out there to take this testimony,
iherefore the practice has been to employ an
attorney in the place where the testimony is to
be taken, who is paid twenty dollars a day for
the time he is employed. That is the rule; no
more is paid to one than to another. And the
money is expended in that way, and for the
payment of the fees of justices and notaries
before whom the depositions are taken. Noth-
