2926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April l>2,
When they are thus absent I see no reason
why they should not be aeut lor and brought in ;
and they should be made to pay any expenses
that may thus be incurred. It this system be
enforced, we may have some hope ot' getting
through with the business of Congress.
The Sergeaut at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the Ilouse having in custody Mr. Suerrod.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Shkrrod
you have been abseut from this session of the
llouse without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer ?
Mr. SUERROD. Mr. Speaker, I was not
aware there was a session to- night. 1 was pres-
eut in the Senate when the House adjourned.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the gentleman be excused.
Mr. FITCH. I move to amend, that he be
fined ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to finish the re-
marks I was making. Last evening we had a
region on the Nuvy appropriation bill. 1 had
the honor of being chairman of the Committee
of the Whole. Gentlemen insisted on a session
of the House last night, but there were not six
members present.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that it is not germane to the motion
before the House to discuss the conduct of
members touching the Navy appropriation bill.
The SPEAKEK pro tempore. The Chair ia
unable to say that it is entirely out of order to
discuss the conduct of members of the House
in respect to their attendance on the business
of this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then,Mr. Speaker,since
I am ruled to be in order, I wish to say thai I
appeared here last evening and took the chair
expecting the Navy appropriation bill was to
be discussed; but there were not more than
from six to ten members present.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 again rise to a point of
Order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will submit it is not in
order, pending the motion now before this
House, for the gentleman to discuss hia conduct
on yesterday.
The SPKAKEB, pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order to the extent of his
own conduct. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELD RIDGE. What is the pointof order
and what is the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will tell the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was not going to say,
Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. B1x6 ham,] thechairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, was not here last night. [Re-
newed laughter.] I did not intend to make any
such remark, and I am sorry the gentleman
thought I did.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order
again, that it is not in order for the gentleman,
pending the motion now before the House, to
discuss whether I was here or not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not sustain the point of order. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the appeal be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for a division.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The call
comes too late. [Laughter.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House having in custody Mr. Voorhees.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my amend-
ment to my colleague's motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Voor-
BEKS, yon have been absent from this session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. VOORHEES. Is this the House or the
Committee of the Whole?
l! The SPEAKER pro tempore. We are in
, the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I left the House this
afternoon early to attend to a professional en-
gagement ; not quite a case in court, but one
tending that way, and for the purpose of try-
ing to keep it out of the court. I am simply
stating facts, which I think is the best way to do.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That is not the best
way.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is not the usual way
with members of the House; but I am going
to set the example. I did not know there was
a session this evening.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was settled early
this morning.
Mr. VOORHEES. I left very early. [Laugh-
ter.] I left here before one o'clock. 1 did
not know the House was in session to-night,
and I went to hear Judge Van Trump deliver
his lecture.
Mr. PETERS. Was it a good one?
Mr. VOORHEES. Better than anything
delivered here to-night, 1 expect. [Laughter.]
I am here subject to the order of the House,
and will cheerfully submit to whatever its order
may be; for I have had a feast to-night none
of the rest have had who have been here mis-
erably famishing for intellectual food.
Mr. FARNSVV'ORTH. I move that the gen-
tleman be fined $:!0 a ton and 40 per cent, ad
valorem. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. What was the Bubject
of Judge Van Trump's lecture?
Mr. VOORHEES. "Cromwell and his
times;" and they were stormy times, sir.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman says that he
had no knowledge of the night session, and I
move that he be excused.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not ask to be ex-
cused ; but that is the fact, however. I left the
House this afternoon on private professional
business connected with the courts of this city.
That is the fact about it. I thought that there
was not much need of my being here. I thought
my friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] and
the other gentlemen associated with him would
take care of the tariff on behalf of that side of
the House. I am willing to submit to the order
of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. I move, in amendment to
the motion of the gentleman from Maine, that
Mr. Voorhees be fined ten dollars.
The question being put on Mr. Dickey's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The motion, asamended, was then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have concluded, on
reflection, to modify my resolution by dropping
out the portion with reference to the District
of Columbia. I move the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the question?
I had not finished my remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will report the resolution proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] as now
modified:
The Clerk read as follows:
Reiolved, That atl farther proceedings under the
call he dispensed with except to dispose of the cases
of such absentees as havenot yet been excused; and
that the Speaker vsue his warrant to the Sergeant-
at-Arms requiring him to bring such absentees as
have not yet had 'heir cases disposed of to the bar
of the House for its action at one o'clock p. m. on
Monday next.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, and
announced that he had Mr. Dockery in cus-
tody at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Dock-
ery, you have been found absent from the
sessions of the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. DOCKERY. I have none. I will sub-
mit to the order of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What is the
pleasnre of the House?
Mr. ALLISON. I move that Mr. Dockery
be fined ten dollars, the usual fee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiknm k. ]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. I'he gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eu>itiin;i:J is entitled
to the iloor.
Mr. CLAltKE. of Kansas. I desire the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Et.niuDci;]
to yield to me when he is ready to surrender
the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to n point, of
order. It is this: the gentleman from Wis-
consin had taken his seat 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; Ihadnot.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 am not, addressing
the gentleman from Wisconsin. And further-
more, somo business had intervene!
j'ho
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] had been modified, and lie had
moved the previous question upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The gentleman
from Wisconsin will proceed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move to lay the
appeal from the decision of the Chair on the
table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to call attention,
if permitted, to the fact that the gentleman
from Wisconsin had yielded the floor, and I
had then modified my resolution. After I had
modified it the Chair was about to put it, and
then the interruption occurred of another
member being reported by the Sergeaut,-at-
Arms as in his custody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin yielded at the suggestion
of the Chair because the Sergeant,- at- Arms had
appeared at the bar with another member.
Ihe Chair had overlooked this fact when about
to put the question, and was reminded of it
from the Clerk's desk.
The question being put on Mr. Strickland's
motion to lay on the table the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, it was agreed to.
'I So the appeal from the decisiou of the Chair
: was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is enti-
tled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should have been
through long ago if I had not been interrupted
so frequently. I did not wish to make any re-
mark with reference to my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, that could be offensive to
him. I did not intend to state that he was not
present last evening. But I wonder that he is
so sensitive on that subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr«ELDRIDGE. How am I out of order ?
I never saw one so uneasy as the gentleman
i from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that it is not in
order for the gentleman to discuss the ques-
tion whether I was present last evening or not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion before the House is on the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] touching the call of the House. The
gentleman from Wisconsin is discussing that
resolution. Upon that resolution,it istheopin-
ion of the Chair, that within the rules it is
proper for the gentleman from Wisconsin to
discuss the presence or absence of members
of the House.
! Mr. BINGHAM. Their presence or ab-
sence last night? I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. LOGAN. An appeal has already been
' taken from a decision of the Chair substan-
tially identical, and that appeal was laid on
' the table.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the appeal from
i the decision of the Chair be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chaii
1 was laid on the table.
