1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
looked at the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine, and which I believe has
been adopted, and without undertaking to
criticise it—for my friend does not like criti-
cism—I must say, in order that hereafter I
shall not beaccused of having been one of the
people deceived, that the amendment does not
operate in the way that he supposes it does.
He intends it to be exactly what he says, to
provide for an individual liability and an indi-
vidual liability that should continue to be re-
sponsible to meet obligations that should be
incurred by the corporation for a year after
the stock was transferred; but the effect of the
amendment is, as nobody will agree on reading
it with the eye, that instead of being that it
merely makes the stockholders liable for the
period of a year after the time he ceases to be
such. The limitation is on the liability, and not
on the period of time within which the liability is
to be incurred. But, as I say, I do not propose
any amendment about that; I do propose,
however, to amend the bill in the last section
so as to make it the subject of repeal by Con-
gress if at any future time it should get into
the hands of persons who may misuse its pow-
ers. These are highly respectable people, but
we do not know into whose hands the corpo-
ration may finally get. I move, therefore, to
amend the bill in the eighth section by adding
after the words "to alter or amend" the
words "or repeal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently said: I wish, j
by t he unanimous consent of the Senate, though
1 do not see its necessity, permission to modify '
the amendment to Senate bill No. 430, which
was agreed to on my motion, by inserting
the words "during the time he shall be a
stockholder;" and to transpose some of the
language of the clause, at the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont, so as to make it read:
Each corporator shall be individually liable during
the time he'shall be a stockholder* and for one year
after the transfer of the same, for all debts of the
company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to this modification, and the bill
will be so modified.
WALTER HUNT. !
Mr. WILLEY. I move, from the Commit-
tee on Patents 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia have finished
tlieir business, the next committee on the list
is the Committee on Claims ; and if that com-
mittee does not claim the floor the next is the i
Committee on Patents. •
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 260, reported from
the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 260) for the relief of Polly Hunt, adminis-
tratrix, and George W. Hunt, administrator
of the estate of Walter Hunt, deceased, was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to au-
thorize the Commissioner of Patents to rehear
and determine the application of Polly Hunt,
administratrix, and George W. Hunt, adminis-
trator of the estate of Walter Hunt, deceased,
for the extension of certain reissues of a patent
for the manufacture of paper collars, issued on
the 25th day of July, 1854, which reissues are
dated and numbered as follows: November 29,
1864, No. 1828; February 7, 1865, No. 1867;
April, 1865, No. 1926; July 10, 1866, No.
2306; and July 29, 1866, No. 2307, upon
the evidence, in the same manner and with the
same effect m if it were an original applica-
tion made within the time prescribed by law
for extensions, before the Commissioner of
Patents, and as if no hearing thereof had ever
occurred. In case the extensions shall be
granted, neither the administratrix or admin-
istrator, nor any person or persons claiming
under t^em or either of them, are to recover
damages for infringements between the date
of the expiration of the original patents and
the date of the extensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALINZOR CLARK.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate pro-
j ceed to consider House bill No. 336.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 336) for the relief of Alinzor Clark
; was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By the bill the Commissioner of Patents, upon
due application made to him, is authorized
to extend the patent of Alinzor Clark for
"fastening for hay and manure forks," dated
March 5, 1850, and which expired on the 5th
day of March, 1864, upon the same evidence
and principles as if application had been made
to him by the patentee in due time prior to
the expiration of the patent. In case the Com-
missioner, on due inquiry, shall extend the
patent, all persons who shall have made use
of the invention between the period of the
expiration of the patent and the extension of
the same are to be relieved from all liability
for that use.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the Fort Ridgely bill, reported
yesterday by the Committee on Public Lands.
This is a bill we had up two weeks ago, and
which was recommitted to the committee and
came back again this morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. That will lead to some
discussion I apprehend. I desire to call up a
matter somewhat personal between my col-
league and myself, relative to a seizure of whisky
in California, which I have been trying ever
since this day week to get up; and if I am not
allowed to call it up to-day I shall abandon
the attempt as useless.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia appeals to me in regard to a personal
matter 1 suppose I must give way to him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I send to the desk the
Globe of the 28th of January, and ask the
Secretary to read from it the paragraph I have
marked, being an extract from a speech made
by my colleague yesterday week.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Mr. Colk. I shall not delay the vote upon this
resolution any length of time. I shall regard an
indefinite postponement of it as an invitation on the
part of the Senate to the officers having this subject
in charge to dispose of the case otherwise than by
submission to the courts of the United States. Such
interpretation, it seems to me, will necessarily be
the just one to be inferred from such a vote on the
part of the Senate."
Mr. CASSERLY. In connection with these
remarks of my colleague, I wish to take from
the table Senatejoint resolution No. Ill, intro-
duced by me this day week. Until I read in
the Globe of that day that portion of my col-
league's remarks just read, with which they
open, and which I did not hear him utter, I
was not aware of any claim by him that at any
time lie sought to transfer to the courts the
questions growing ontof the seizure of whisky
at San Francisco. In that part of his speech
which I heard, and as it is printed in the
Globe, he contended that the case should go
to a committee of the Senate—the Committee
on Retrenchment. Such was his . position
throughout. Had he - in the commencement
of his proceedings here made a distinct prop-
osition to send the matter to the courts, I
might have agreed with him on general prin-
ciples, knowing nothing of the facts. His
course looked in a contrary direction—toward
taking the matter from the Department and
giving it to Congress. To this I objected, on
the general ground that I was against Congress
assuming to itself the authority to inquire into
and determine questions of fact connected
with seizures of distilled spirits which the law
had committed to the revenue department to
dispose of. I objected on the further ground
in this individual case, that upon the facts as
they had been found by the revenue officers
after full investigation, and as I was satisfied
correctly found, these spirits were just what
they purported to be, and the seizure was not
justifiable.
My colleague took the opposite ground, and
insisted over and over that the matter should
go to a committee of the Senate. His remarks
in the Globe of last Friday, which, I repeat
I did not hear the day before, gave the first
intimation of any claim by him that he had
taken steps to send the subject to the courts
or that those who opposed him were opposing
that course. The same day, Friday, I laid
upon the table the joint resolution No. 111.
I wished to make the statement which I have
now made. I was willing also to allow my
colleague to move this resolution. Promptly
; on the printing of the resolution, I made an
effort to get it before the Senate, but was
unsuccessful. Since that time the condition
of the business, or the purposes of the mem-
ber who from time to time happened to have
the floor, prevented me from taking up the
resolution. By this lapse of time so much
of the matter as touches my own views has
fretty nearly lost its interest and importance,
do not feel either that in the absence of any
new facts I ought to expose the owners of this
property to the expenses of legal proceedings
and to the injury of further delay in addition
to what_ they have already undergone. With
these views, I desire leave to withdraw the
resolution now before the Senate.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made, permission will be given to withdraw
; the resolution.
Mr. COLE. I understand my colleague to
! say that he did not understand my resolution
as asking for a reference of this whole matter
to the courts.
Mr. CASSERLY. I said that I never under-
stood the Senator, and now I add that I do not
understand his resolution as asking for any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. COLE. I am very certain that my col-
I league could not have read the resolution that
I introduced, because that was the very object
of it, and it was so expressed in the resolution
itself. That was the whole aim I had in intro-
ducing the resolution, in order that this matter
| might be investigated by the courts, which I
regarded as the legitimate tribunal and author-
\ ity to determine whether there had been a vio-
| lation of the law so far as the liquor seized was
| concerned or not.
I am glad now to see that there is no longer
any issue between my colleague and myself on
this matter. The resolution which he has in-
troduced is, as I understand it, a direction to
the Attorney General to instruct the district
attorney of the proper district to bring suit to
test the question as to whether this whisky that
has been seized in California has been properly
seized for violation of the law. I object to the
withdrawing of the resolution, if the objection
is valid. I hope it will retain its place on the
Calendar until it can be disposed of by a vote
of the Senate. 1 hope my colleague will con-
sent that it may remain there until it be dis-
posed of. Is my colleague authorized to with-
draw the resolution? I am not really suffi-
ciently conversant with the rules to determine
whether he has or not, at this stage of proceed-
ings, the right to do so. I ask for informa-
tion on that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a joint res-
olution, and in the opinion of the Chair it is
not subject to withdrawal except by unanimous
consent. 9
Mr. COLE. Then, I object to its being
withdrawn.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I renew my motion
to take up the Fort Ridgely bill.
