1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3871
eence for the remainder of the week, on account
01 sickness.
Mr. PORTER obtained leave of absence for
one week, on account of sickness.
Mr. ARCHER obtained leave of absence
until Monday.
Mr. STILES was granted leave of absence
for to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, was granted leave
of absence for fifteen days.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted to with-
draw from the files of the House certain papers
filed by Mr. Sliirlev.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
relating to the claim of George C.Johnson, of
Ohio.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers relating to the
claim of Mrs. Annie Bagley.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked and obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe, as a portion of
the debates, some remarks he had prepared on
the joint resolution passed yesterday in rela-
tion to the Northern Pacific railroad. [See
Appendix.]
improvement op wisconsin river.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Governor
of the State of Wisconsin, transmitting a res-
olution adopted by the State board of assess-
ors of that State in relation to the improve-
ment of the Wisconsin river; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
spencer ii stafford.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War in relation to the claim
of Spencer II. Stafford for reimbursement of
expenses incurred by him in the administration
of the law bureau of the provost marshal gen-
eral's office in the department of the Gulf
during the war; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
dempsey and o'toole.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication relative
to contracts for stationery with Dempsey &
O'Toole; which was ordered to be printed and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
exploration of colorado iuver.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
the chief of engineers upon the proposed con-
tinuation of the exploration of the Colorado
river; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
'The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of appropriation to the amount of
St2,000, to prosecute to completion the geo-
logical and topographical exploration of the
Colorado river and its tributaries ; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
little and isrown's statutbs-at-laiige.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to fur-
nishing circuit judges of the United States
courts with sets of Little & Brown's edition of
the Slatutes-ac-Large; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the J udiciary.
indians of central superintend en cy.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs in relation to an appropriation required
to carry on the work of instructing and aiding
the Indians of the Central superintendency in
the arts of civilization and self-support; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
election contest grafton vs. conner.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of Grafton vs. Conner, from the State of Texas ;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
allowances to informers, et®.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, m answer to a
resolution of the House of Representatives of
March 11, 1870, in relation to the advantage
or disadvantage to the Government of abolish-
ing, in the collection of duties and the collec-
tion of internal taxes, theallowance of moieties
or shares of penalties, fines, forfeitures, or re-
coveries to officers of the revenue, infonneis,
&c. ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
j. ii. brady and others.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
To the House of llcpresdntalivea:
I transmit to the IIouso of Representatives, in
answer to their resolution of the 5tli instant, a re-
port from the Secretary of Sta.te, and its accom-
panying payers.
U. S. GRANT.
vv ashingtox, May 23,1870.
The SPEAKER. This is in relation to the
claim of J. R. Brady and others, against the
Government of Venezuela.
The message, with the accompanying report
and papers, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
leaves of absence.
Mr. DIXON was granted leave of absence
for one week.
Mr. STEVENS was granted indefinite leave
of absence on account ot' sickness in his family.
Mr. DOX was granted leave of absence until
Wednesday next, on account of sickness in his
family.
Mr. B ARNUM was granted leave of absence
until a week from Tuesday next.
indian depredations in texas.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to present a memorial of three hundred and
fifty citizens of the northwestern frontier of
Texas, relative to Indian depredations, and
praying for relief.
Mr. BENTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The memorial can be filed,
under the rule, with the Clerk.
george ay. kirk.
Mr. BOTLEIi, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. It. No. 2098) for the relief of George
\\r. Kirk, of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (II. R. No. 1293) to enforce the
right of citizens of the United States to vote in
the several States of this Union who have
hitherto been denied that right on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
By unanimous consent it was agreed that there
should be two and a half hours of debate on
this report, of which the Opposition should
have one hour and a half. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] is first entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to occupy a
very brief time in stating the substance of the
report submitted by the committee of confer-
ence. The House is doubtless aware-that the
Senate amendment, which was the subject of
the conference, included substantially all that
had been embraced in the bill reported to this
House by the Judiciary Committee, and which
had received the approval of the House. In
addition to that, the Senate amendment con-
tained various provisions for the enforcement
of certain sections of the fourteenth article of
the amendments to the Constitution. It con-
tained also a provision authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to employ the Army,
the Navy, and the militia, at his discretion, in
elections. It also contained a provision regu-
lating the imposition of taxes upon immigrants
by the legislation of the respective States.
And it contained, further, a provision giving
jurisdiction to the district and circuit courts
of the United States, concurrently with the
State courts, in all contested elections, save
elections of members of Congress and elec-
tions of members of the State Legislatures.
The report of the conference committee, in so
far as it changes the Senate bill, is confined to
the matters winch I have just enumerated, and
in the addition of two or three more sections
designed to prevent fraudulent registration at
all elections in the United States at which
federal officers shall be voted for, and also to
prevent fraudulent voting at such elections.
This statement, Mr. Speaker, places the
House, I believe, in possession of the changes
and new provisions proposed and agreed upon
by a majority of the conference committee.
Touching the power which was proposed to be
conferred upon the President by the Senate
amendment, to employ, at his discretion, the
Army, the Navy, and the militia at elections
in the several States of this Union, I beg leave
to inform the House that the conference com-
mittee have substantially struck out that sec-
tion and inserted in its stead a simple provis-
ion that the President of the United States
may employ the military force, so far as may
be necessary, to execute the judicial process
authorized by the proposed act.
Touching the provision of the Senate amend-
ment limiting the powerof the States to impose
taxes upon immigrants, I wish to say that the
only change made by the conference committee
is the change of the word "emigrants" to
"immigrants;" and that the only effect of
the section is to assert the power of the United
States, under the express provision of the na-
tional Constitution, over the several States of
this Union to this extent and no further, that
hereafter the taxes imposed by the several
States upon immigrants thereto shall be equal;
that the States shall not hereafter discriminate
against the immigrant from China and in favor
of the immigrant from Prussia, nor against the
immigrant from France and in favor of the
immigrant from Ireland ; that immigrants
being persons within the express words of the
fourteenth article of the constitutional amend-
ments, shall, whenever they may be found
within the jurisdiction of any of the States of
the Union, be entitled to the equal protection
of the laws, not simply of the State itself, but
of the Constitution of the United States as
well.
The additional sections to the Senate bill,
incorporated by the action of the conference
committee, are, as I have already remarked,
provisions to prevent fraudulent registration
and fraudulent voting at ail elections in the
several States of this Union and in the several
Territories at which a member or Delegate to
Congress shall be voted for. I do not deem it
important to explain at any length the pro-
visions of these sections; but I deem it due to
the committee to say that as to the constitu-
tionality of the provisions that have been thus
added, and the necessity for such legislation,
I do not allow myself to entertain for one mo-
ment the belief that any thoughtful man of
