1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2927
Mr.ELDRIDGE. I Rhouldhavebeen through
long ago  t* 1 had not been interrupted by my
friend from Ohio. 1 wish again to say to that
gentleman that I have not intended to make
anv remark that would be personally offensive
to "him. I have the highest respect for him,
and 1 did not intend to tell the House whether
he was ahsent last night or not.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I would like to
know whether anybody else was present or not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not suppose that
anybody would doubt thrxt the gentleman was
present last night. If he desires to explain his
position last evening I will yield to him most
eheerfuliv to allow him to do so. I did not
intend to make any remark on that subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the geutlcraan yield
the floor to me ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I might about as
we!l, but ! think I will not. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I thought the gentleman
offered to do so. hut 1 see I was mistaken.
Mr. ELDUIDGE. The gentleman has occu-
pied the floor about as mnch as I have during
the few minutes 1 have been trying to address
the House.
I wanted to say this: that I do think that
gentlemeu of this House have subjected them-
selves to the censure of the country by their
absence from the House at the evening sessions
of the House.
Mr. CLEVELAND. And the day sessions,
too.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, and from the day
sessions, too. I may add that with propriety.
I believe the Speaker decided that I hod a
right to discuss myself on last evening, if I
had not a ri,;ht to discuss other members.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CULLOM. No; he decided just the
other way. [Laughter.)
Mr. ELDRIDGE. then, I am very glad
thai 1 misunderstood the Speaker. Last even-
ing we were to assemble here for the purpose
of considering the naval appropriation bill, and
when the hour arrived for the committee to
commence its business there were but si* mem-
bers of the House here.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a qnestion of
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not say whether
toe gentleman from Ohio was present or not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio will state his point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that it is not in
order for the gentleman to discuss the business
of the House last night on the naval appropri-
ation bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it is in order to discuss the busi-
ness of the House upon the question whether
♦lie further proceedings under the call of the
House shall be di.spensed with ; for upon the
condition of the business of the House, in the
opinion of the Chair, depends the propriety of
the call itself.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, that is not the ques-
tion I raise, if the Chair pleases. My point of
order is that it is not in order to disenss the
business of the House on the naval appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair must confine
the gentleman from Ohio to his seat or I can-
not proceed. He can out-talk me. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that the point
of order I made to the Speaker has not been
stated at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He is more \j>ersistent
than I am, and I never expect to contend with
liim successfully for a hearing.
/ Mr. BINGHAM. It is not in order to dis- '
4 cuss thr action of the House 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is en-
titled to the floor, and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will oblige the Chair if
he will not interropt the gentleman from Wis-
consin. !
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I state further that the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
who had charge of the bill was not here at the
time announced for the committee to com-
mence its business. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] who was entitled to the
floor was not here, and the seats of the House
were almost entirely vacant.
Mr. PETERS. I deny that the gentleman
who was entitled to the floor was not here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I say that he was not
here at the hour for the meeting of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PETERS. I say ho was.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 say the gentleman was
not here. I do not blame him. He came in
very soon afterward, but he will bear me wit-
ness that I tell the truth in regard to it. He
was two or three minutes behind time.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman to state the facts upon that point.
Mr. HALE. I was here in the Hall of the
House before half past seven o'clock last even-
ing. 1 had the floor when the committee took
a recess. I went for a minute or two into the
room of the Committee on Naval Affairs, of
which I am a member, for my papers, the
minutes that I had for the remarks I intended
to finish. While I was gone after my papers,
as the gentleman from Wisconsin has stated,
he took thechair, and at that particular instaut,
at that point of time, I was not in the Hall.
Mr. PETERS. Yon were constructively.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I was here in the Capitol, but
came into the Hall just at the moment, or per-
haps a few seconds after the gentleman took
the chair. Technically he is correct in saying
that I was not here when he took the chair,
but 1 think he will bear me out in saying that
I was here substantially at the time and ready
to go on, that 1 did not ask that the committee
rise, but was ready to go on, and that it was
at the suggestion of other members that the
committee rose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot undertake to
measure time precisely, but I know I came
here and took the chair and announced that
the hour had arrived for the Committee of the
Whole to resume its session, and that the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale;] was entitled
to the floor for twenty-five minutes remaining
of his hour. I looked for the gentleman from
Maine, but he was not in his seat. Then the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] rose
and said that as the gentleman from Maine
was not here he would move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order
is that it is not in order now to discuss what
took place here last night or on any other
night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
already ruled that upon the question of the
propriety of a call of the House or of dispens-
ing with a call it is proper to discuss the ques-
tion whether gentlemen are in the habit or not
of attending the sessions of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that my point of order is not
well taken?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, as he has already
overruled three or four times to-night similar
points of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] will take
notice that an appeal has been repeatedly taken
from the ruling of the Chair to-night upon that
very point of order, and as repeatedly has the
decision of the Chair been sustained. The
Ohair would submit to the gentleman the pro-
priety of not renewing the appeal now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was not aware that
such was the case. I will therefore withdraw
ray appeal, although I think the Chair is incor-
rect in so ruling.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, I hope that gen-
tlemen will not interrupt me any more. 1 am
sorry I have been obliged to stand upon my
feet so long. I have been interrupted at every
sentence I have attempted to utter. J wonder
at the sensitiveness of gentlemen. Iliave made
no personal remarks, and intend to make none,
with the exception of one that I am about to
make about a gentleman who I know is not so
thin-skinned as to interrupt me in the utter-
ance of the sentence I am about to utter. I
refer to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck,] who I un-
derstand precipitated this call of the House
upon us to-night, although we might with pro-
priety have precipitated a call upon him last
night.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise again to a point of
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There, now; did you
ever see so thin-skinned a man?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will sus-
pend until the point of order has been stated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
it is not in order for the gentleman from Wis-
consin to reflect upon the conduct of my col-
league, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. If my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] is as utterly indifferent as I am to
anything that gentleman can say he will not
notice him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wiaconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is not in
order in saying anything that may be construed
to be personal. But he is in order in discuss-
ing the habits of attendance of members.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was not my point
of order. I ask that my point may be stated
to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has ruled upon the point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the ruling of the
Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gen-
tleman is not satisfied with the ruling of the
Chair he can take an appeal, which the Chair
will submit to the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to hear the ruling
of the Chair; I did not hear it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has overruled the point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that my point of
order may be stated to the House, so that I can
take an appeal from the ruling of the Chair
upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do, and I want my point
of order stated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio be kind enough to state his
point of order himself?
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
has no right to reflect upon the conduct of my
colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio states a parliamentary prin-
ciple which is too obvious for question; and
whenever the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] transgresses that rule, the Chair
will endeavor to call him to order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make the point of order
that he has already transgressed it. I do not
intend that this question shall be dodged.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules that point.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. [Laughter.]
