1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1988
ing is paid out of this for expenses that are
incurred here.
[Here the hammer fell. 1
The amendment moved by Mr. Dawes was
then agreed to.
Mr. LOUGrHRIDGE. I move to further
amend this bill by adding to it the following:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That no money
appropriated by this bill for a public building shall
be expended upon any plan of building, the erec-
tion und completiqu of which will cost the Uovern-
ment more than $2,500,000, unless a more expensive
plan is authorized by Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I must raise the point of
order that the proposed amendment contains
new legislation, and is therefore not in order
under the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise and report this bill, with the proposed
amendments, to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
fikld reported that the Committee of the Whqle
on the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 1346, making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 80, 1870, and for other purposes, had
made sundry amendments' thereto, and had
directed him to report the bill and amendments
to the House, with a recommendation that the
amendments be concurred in, and the bill, as
amended, be passed.
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendments.
Mr. CREBS. I wish to have a vote on the
amendment which I proposed in Committee
of the Whole, but which was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think we should have
a fuller House before we vote on this bill.
Mr. DAWES, f do not propose to have
any vote taken to-night on this bill or the
amendments reported from the Committee of
fhe Whole.' I wish merely to have the pre-
vious question seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered before we adjourn.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
order of business.
Mr. LAFLiIN. I ask unanimous consent
that Senate joint resolution No. 150 be taken
from the Speaker's table for reference to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Richmond
T. Lacy, of New Kent county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. BURCHARD : The memorial of E.
H. Burcli, of Morrison, Illinois, in reference
to deduction of bounty to soldiers by reason
of discharge prior to expiration of term of
enlistment.
By Mr. CLARKE: A memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, in reference to
the pay of officers of the fourth and fifth Indian
brigade.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature ol the
State of Kansas, in reference to T. B. Jewell,
a settler on the Shawnee absentee lands.
By Mr. COBB, of Wiscousin : The claim of
Lieutenant George E. Albee, United States
Army, for compensation for private property
lost during a severe storm at Brazos St. Jago.
By Mr. HAIGHT: A petition of 28 citizens
of Florence, Burlington county, New Jersey,
remonstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., aud for such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will sustain
American industry.
By Mr. HAWLEY : A petition of citizens
of Suez, Illinois, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Preemption,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
remonstrance of the president and trustees of
the Boston Marine Society of the State of
Massachusetts, against the repeal or altera-
tion of existing laws on the subject of pilotage
in the State of Massachusetts.
Also, the remonstrance of underwriters, of-
ficers of insurance companies, merchants, and
ship-masters of the city of Boston, against the
repeal or alteration of existing pilotage laws ill
the State of Massachusetts, representing an ag-
gregate interest of not less than $200,000,000.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of Wil-
liam Tillenghaste & Co., and 76 others, citizens
of Albany, New York, praying the repeal of
so much of the internal revenue law as requires
the restamping of packages; and also that
part which creates technical divisions in the
same branch of trade; also for a modification
of the income tax.
Also, the petition of James Goodwin aud
100 others, citizens of Albany, New York, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, consumers of steel, asking
for such duties on steel as have been recom-
mended in the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means lately reported.
Also, a petition of members of the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia, asking for the con-
struction of a harbor or place of refuge l'or
vessels at Block Island.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition of
M. W. Scranton, of Sault Ste. Marie,, Mich-
igan, aud 22 othei-3, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 16, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of December 22, 1869,
statements in regard to the revenue marine
service; which, on motion of Mr. Spencer,
was referred to the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, and ordered to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, a publication
appears in one of the morning papers which,
as it affects somewhat some members of the
Senate and the committee of which I am a
member, I desire to have read ; and 1 wish, in
connection therewith, permission to make a
statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas rises to a personal explanation, and
asks that an article appearing in one of the
city papers this morning may be read, and that
he may be allowed to make a few remarks in
regard to it. The Chair hears no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following from the
Washington National Republican of to-day:
" Garbled documents.— Who did the garhiiny 1—A
subject for investigation.—On the 13tli ol tJocembur
the Senate called on tho Secretary of the Interior for
the papers in the matter of the sale of the Shavnee
lands. On the 17th of February the Senate received
them and ordered them to be printed. The following
day this order was rescinded, and the papers .were
referred to the Committeo on Indian Affairs. On the
11th or ijebrnary an order to print them was again
made. Ihe House, by resolution, called on the Sen-
at© for these papers, when the chairman of the Sen-
ate Committee on Indian Affairs Announced, that the
papers had been sent to the printer.
*' The correspondence which follows explains itself:
House op Representatives,
Washington, X>. C., March 8,1870.
Dear Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith
Senate Document No. 40, being your letter commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of December 13,1869, papers in relation to certain
lands in Kansas known as the Black Bob lands of
the Shawnees; also purporting to contain the accom-
panying papers in said case.
This matter is now before the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the House of Representatives, and in order
to a full understanding of the subject a resolution
was recently passed by the House requesting tho Sen-
ate to send to tho House, for reference to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, all the papers relating to
the subject. On the receipt of this request from the
House it was stated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs of the Senate that the papers
had been sent to the printer and hence could not be
furnished until printed, and the resolution wa3 tem-
porarily laid on the table.
An examination of these papers as printed in the
aforesaid Senate executive document, and a com-
parison wSjah tho originals on file in your Depart-
ment, willTI am confident, prove that this document
is a partial and garbled publication, and that the
great body of the papers in the case are omitted
altogether.
As I am informed by those familiar with the pre-
cedents in both Houses of Congress in cases of this
kind, and as it must be evident to all that this sup-
pression of an important part of a record is most
extraordinary and improper, I submit the whole
subject to you for such action as you may see fit to
take.
I ought to add that I was recently informed that
Hon. lii, Gr. itoss, one of tho Senators from the State
of Kansas, and a member of the Committeo on In-
dian Affairs in the Senate, prepared tho aforesaid
papers for the printer. But I must add, also, that I
am slow to believe that a United States Senator,
before whom an importantsubject like this is pend-
ing for official action, would garble or suppress
papers for any purpose whatever.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
SIDNEY CLARICE.
Hon. J. D. Cox,
Secretary of the Interior, Washington, D. C.
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C., March 15,1870.
Sir: In accordance with your letter of the 8th
instant I have caused examination to be made to
determino what portion of the papers sent by me
to the Senate in compliance with the resolution of
December 13, 1869, calling for papers in relation to
tho "Black Bob" lands of the Shawnee Indians are
printed in Senate Executive Document No. 40, of tho
current session.
I inclose herewith a copy of a letter from Commis-
sioner Parker of the 11th instant, from which it ap-
pears that the document in question contains about
one fourth of the papers transmitted by me to the
♦Senate. As it purports to furnish all those papers,
and not merely a selection from them, and I am
aware of no reason for suppressing any portion of
them, I shall call the attention of tho chairman of
tho Senate Committee on Indian Affairs to the mat-
ter, and shall tako pleasure in transmitting to you
any explanation which I may receive.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Sidney Clarke, Chairman Committee oafnclian
Affairs, IIouse of Representatives.
Department op the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., March 11,1870.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt,
by letevencc to yourself, of a letter from Hon. Sidney
Clakkf., inclosing a pamphlet purporting to contain
primed copies of all the papers relating to the dispo-
sition of tho Black Bob Shawnee Indian lands in
Kansas, furnished to tho United States Senate.by
this Department in compliance with a resolution
of that body ot the 13Ui of December last, which
pamphlet was pu.blished under direction of tho Sen-
ate Committee on Indian Affairs.
JMr. Clarke charges that the publication in ques-
tion is "partial and garbled," and "that the great
body of the papers in ihe ease are omitted alto-
gether,'' and the letter is referred here with direc-
tions as to whether the charges are or are not sus-
tained a^ e\ idenced by the oiiginal papers on file in
this office.
In compliance with such directions I have to state
that copiea ol all tho papers in question were trans-
mitted to you with oihee letter oi the 10th of January
last, numbered from one to one hundred and iorty-
two consecutively, and that all inciosures accompa-
nying such papers were designated by letters oi n.c
alphabet in addition to the numerical designation
of the paper tu winch they were attached.
Upon a comparison of the printed > >>
