1870.
TB® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
Mr. CAS8ERLY. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word further?
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose I must yield;
but I wish the gentlemen would get through
and let me put my bill through.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to reiterate
what I have already said, nor to debate with
my colleague as to what his course has been.
For myself I have this to say, that had my col-
league at the first taken steps to send the ques-
tion of these spirits to the courts, I should
doubtless have agreed with him. But with my
view of the facts since disclosed, showing that
there is not even a prima facie case against
these spirits, and considering the long time
that has elapsed since the seizure, I do not
mean to be accessory to a continuance of the
injustice already done the parties interested by
leaving this resolution here, if I can withdraw
it, to operate as an embargo of their property
so longas it lies on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I renew my motion.
Mr. COLE. Allow me a word? A long
time has not elapsed, I will remind my col-
league, and the matter is in the same state it
has been all the time. There is just as much
necessity for submitting it to the courts now
ad there has been at any other time; and I
submit to my colleague that he has not, as a
Senator, had the opportunity to investigate
this matter. It had better be investigated in
court, where both sides can be heard and the
matter can be determined upon a full and fair
exposition of the case. No disposition has
been yet made of the case that should take it
away from the courts now any more than at
any former period.
fort ridge1y reservation.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I presume the Senate
will take up Senate bill No. 351.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire whether
the Senator wants to act upon it to-night?
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope so.
Mr. CONKLING. If he does, and we can
act upon it, I will not object; but if it is to go
over as the unfinished business I must object.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine it can pass in
fifteen minutes. It is a bill relative to the Fort
Ridgely reservation, that was recommitted and
has been reported back. I move to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The question being put, the noes appeared
to prevail.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask for a division. I
hope the Senate will allow me to pass a small
bill of this character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question.
The question being again put, the motion
was not agreed to—ayes six, noes not counted.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to suggest to Sen-
ators that there is necessity for an executive
session.
me88agk from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoh, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 435)
for the temporary relief of the poor and desti-
tute people in the District of Columbia, with
amendments; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 28) for the relief of Robert
L. D. Bnrchfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 195) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
soldiers' monument committee of Rock Island
county, Illinois, Certain condemned ordnance;
A bill (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act enti-
tled '' An act providing for the sale of a portion
of the Fort Gratiot military reservation in St.
Clair county, in the State of Michigan," ap-
proved July 20, 1868 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1097) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 80, 1870, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of
William A. Scott, late first lieutenant company
F, fourteenth regiment Illinois volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1101) for the relief of
William A. Rucker;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) providing
forthepayment ofthe fourth Arkansas mounted
: infantry volunteers;
j A joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating
j! captured cannon for the purpose of construct-
ij ing a monumentat West Point, NewYork; and
li A joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) for the
relief of William R. Retherford and George
| j Kains, of the first Michigan cavalry volunteers.
; ninth censds.
l! Mr. CONKLING. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Honse
bill No. 424, the census bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. We cannot get through
the census bill to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. No; but I want it to
be taken up so that it may be the unfinished
business on Monday, when I beg to say to all
Senators that I cannot yield again to any re-
quest, but shall insist on its being considered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have no objection
to that, but I want to get up a little bill that
my committee has reported, which will not
take more than fifteen minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. There will be no objec-
tion to anything being taken up to-night if the
census bill is once up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New York.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The census bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I now yield to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who desires to make
a report.
meteorological observations.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the House joint
resolution No. 143, have instructed me to re-
port it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. The committee ask that it
be put upon its passage now. It has passed
the House unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The census bill
being informally passed over, the Senator from
Massachusetts reports a joint resolution from
the Committee on Military Affairs and asks for
its present consideration. The Chair hears no
objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 143) to authorize the Secretary of War
to provide for taking meteorological observa-
tions at the military stations and other points
in the interior of the continent and for giving
notice on the northern lakes and sea-board of
-the approach and force of storms.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
436, passing over the census bill informally.
The motion was agreed to.; and the bill (S.
No. 436) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution ofthe United States, and for other
purposes, was read the second time by its title,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr, EDMUNDS. When was that bill re-
ported ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. January25,1870.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There are some typo-
graphical errors which J wish to have corrected,
and also some amendments which I Wish to
make. On the first page, line ten, the name
of John M. Minnis, of Butler county, Alabama,
should be John A. Minnis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 2, line twenty-
six, under the head of "Florida," I move to in-
sert the name of "Philip Thomas, of Amelia
Island, Florida."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page4, line severity-
four, under the head of " Mississippi," I move
to insert the following names:
1 Joseph Bennett, Rankin county ; W. G. Vaughn,
j Lafayette county: S. H. Wood, Pontotoc county;
1 James H. Nabers, Lee county; P. B. Starke, Bolivar
> oounty ; John F. Arnold, Tishomingo county.
| These are the names of members of the
Legislature of Mississippi. Their petitions I
have before me, and they have been sent
here indorsed by the whole Legislature of Mis-
■ sissippi.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On the same pflge, line
eighty-eight, under the head of " South Caro-
lina," I move to insert the following names:
J. D. Witherspoon, Yorke county; Elisha Shiver
and Henry Sparnick, Columbia, South Carolina;
Philip Eicnelbereer, Edgefield.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 7, line one
hundred and forty-one, I move to add some
half a dozen names which have been sent to me
by the Senators from the State of Tennessee,
which I will ask the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read the names, as follows:
John W. Head, W. S. Mundy, and Thomas Boyers,
Gallatin; James 5. Thomas, F.C.Dunnington, and
A. M. Hughes, Columbia; Neil S. Brown, (Jeorpe A.
Howard, and John Overton, Nashville; Archibald
Wright, Minor Merriweather, and W. Y. C. Humes,
Memphis; George H. Nixon, Lawrenceburg; Alfred
Caldwell and Kobert J. McKinney, Knoxville.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina is submitting amendments to
the bill from the Committee on Disabilities.
The question is on agreeing to the amendment
just read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I take it, before the
amendments are agreed to, somebody else cau
get the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, if the
Senator from South Carolina does not desire
to speak to it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have just been told by
a respectable and distinguished member of the
other House that one name from Tennessee—
and I do not know.but that the same fact exists
in other States—is of a man who has ten indict-
ments pending against him for murder and
assassination now. I do not know whether
this is intended to relieve him from the indict-
ments or not; probably not. I think it would
be better, as so many amendments are being
proposed, to have the bill printed with the
amendments of the committee, so that Senators
can look at it; and I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senate doe#
that I beg to call up the unfinished business.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know from
the Senator , from Vermont the name of the
person to whom he alludeB.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York insists on the regular order, which
is the census bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; ifthe Senate are
going to adjourn I insist on. the regular oraer.
Mr. SPENCER. Allow me . to offer two
amendments to this bill. . ^ > •
Mr. FT ART. AN. I appeal to the Setiator from
Vermont to withdraw his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Doesthe Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw his motion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw it at the
request of my friend from.Iowa. . .
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope not. ,
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the Sen-
ator from New York insists on the regular
