3872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
this House, fully advised of the nature of the
provisions, can doubt for one moment their
necessity and constitutionality.
While the general, power of the States to
"regulate," in the language of the Constitu-
tion, the election of Representatives to Con-
gress is conceded by all who liave ever read
that instrument, it must at the same time be
admitted that by the very same clause the
power js conferred upon Congress to make
regulations for the election of members of
Congress, or to alter the regulations which
have been or may hereafter be made in that
behalf by the States. The amendments pro-
posed to prevent fraudulent registration or
fraudulent voting, in so far as I am advised,
do not alter any of the existing regulations of
the States touching registration ; they are but
a simple exercise of the power expressly con-
ferred on the Congress of the United States
to regulate elections of members and Dele-
gates to Congress. They are expressly limited
to elections of thgse officers. I do not deem
it important to say anything further 011 that
point.
I may as well say, however, in passing, so
that no one may have occasion to complain
that I have omitted to call attention to any-
thing new in the proposed legislation arising
out of the action of the conference commit-
tee, that there is in section twenty-one a pro-
"ision which makes the fact that a Federal
officer was voted for at an election prima facie
evidence, with certain limitations, against the
party accuscd of having violated the provis-
ions of the act who actually voted at the same
election.
I have only to say, Mr. Speaker, of this sec-
tion that this provision corresponds with like
provisions now found on the statute-books of the
United States, the validity of which, I believe,
has never yet been successfully challenged in
any court of the United States. The express
condition, making a certain condition of facts
prima facie evidence, already finds a placc on
your statute-book, and the constitutionality
thereof remains to this day, so far as I am
advised, unquestioned.
I have only one further remark to make in
opening this ease to the House, and that is in
relation to the twenty-first aud last section of
the Senate amendment. The House doubtless
will remember, the Senate amendment having
been printed in fall in the Globe, what that
provision was. _ It vras in substance that all
contested-election cases, except the election
of members of Congress and members of the
State Legislatures, might, he tried and determ-
ined in the district and circuit courts of the
United States concurrently with the courts of
the several States. The House will take notice
that in the amendments substituted for this
section by the conference committee all of
this section has been excluded and a section
inserted in its stead which excepts from the
operation of the act electors for President
andVice President of the United States, .Rep-
resentative ot Delegate in Congress, and mem-
bers of a State Legislature. It was thought
important by the conference committee that
the courts ot the United States under no pos-
sible condition of things should be.authorized
to intervene to settle any case of contest what-
ever about the election of members of Con-
gress, about the election of electors for Presi-
dent or Vice President of the United States,
or about the election of the members of a State
Legislature, leaving the last under the constitu-
tions of the several States to be settled exclu-
sively by the bodies to which they were elected.
The gentleman says, How about the word
constables ? I will come to that directly. It
was also deemed essential that the contest of
the election of members of Congress should
not be allowed by the courts, leaving the decis-
ion of such question precisely where the ex-
press words of the Constitution leave it, to
the Houses of Congress severally to which the
members are respectively chosen. So also as
to the election of electors of President and
Vice President of the United States. Mr.
Speaker, the report of the conference commit-
tee excludes the courts of the United States,
or, in other words, does not confer on the
courts of the United States any power what-
ever to intervene in the matter of any election
whatever, either of ward constables or of any-
body else, save in the words of the report of
the conference, to wit:
In oases whero it shall appear that the sole ques-
tion touching tho title to such ofiice arises out of the
denial of the right to voto to citizens -who so offered
to vote on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, such suit or proceeding may be in-
stituted in the circuit or district court of the United
States of the circuit or district in which such person
resides. And said circuit or district court shall have,
concurrently with tho Stato courts, jurisdiction
thereof so far as to determine the rights of the par-
ties to such officc by reason of thedenial of tho right
guarantied by the fifteenth article of amendment to
theConstitutionoftheUnited States, and secured by
tlris act; and that tho Senate agrco to tho same.
I should have preferred, because I do not
deem it essential to the success of this meas-
ure, that the Senate bad not raised this ques-
tion with the House of contesting any election
in the courts ; but having raised it, I am con-
tent to enact the provision, with the limitation
now put upon it (into a law) and leave it thus
forevermore, assured as [ am it can work no
possible harm: because in any event and in
every event it leaves in the courts of the United
States no power save to determine the single
question where tho person offering his vote
shall have it rejected simply on the ground
that his right, guarantied undor the fifteenth
article of amendment to tho Constitution of tho
United States, is denied. I do not deem it
I necessary to enter on any argument in support
of this soction of the report. With the limita-
tion expressed I am satisfied, never intending
myself to extend, as at present advised, the
power of the courts of the United States over
any question whatever of election beyond tho
express letter of this section itself. I look
upon the word " necessary'' as incorporated in
the Constitution of tho United States in the
grant of powers, as a grant and limitation as
well of power. I do not believe under any
possible condition of things it would bo neces-
sary, as the Constitution now stands, to vest
in any of the courts of the United States any
jurisdiction over the question of contested
elections beyond tho express jurisdiction with
the express limitation contained in tho twenty-
third section of the report.
Here, Mr. Speaker, tor the present I leave
the question for further discussion to my hon-
orable colleagues, Mr. Davis and Mr. Keiu:,
and such other gentlemen as may choose to
participate in it.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Ohio
has fortv-two minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. KERR. I desire to occupy twenty-live
minutes of the time allowed me, and I should
like to be informed by tho Chair when the
twenty-five minutes have expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will notify the
gentleman.
  - CCREENCY BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to have reprinted the bill (H. R.
No. 1900) to increase banking facilities, and
for other purposes; and also to have printed a
letter from the Comptroller, giving some tables
embracing matter pertinent to the bill.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The House resumed the consideration of
the'report of the committee of conference an
the fifteenth amendment bill.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, as amemberon
the part of the House of tho conference com-
mittee, to which this bill was referred to by
the Senate ana House, I was unable to concur
with the majority of the committee in the report
which was made by them, and I did not sign
it. I desire now to say that the reason why I
could not concur in that report, very briefly
expressed, is this: that in my judgment every
single section of this bill—-twenty-three in
number—save only the first, involes a palpa-
ble violation of the spirit and letter of tho
Constitution; that every section except tho
first is grossly wrong in principle, is demanded
by no existing condition in the country, is con-
demned by every consideration of just expe-
diency, and ought not to be enacted into the
form of a law.
The bill, as it stands, is loose and uncertain
in its structure and composition, full of am-
biguous propositions, of repetitions, and of
mere partisan legislation. Its pretended pur-
pose is to execute the fifteenth amendment,
but its provisions have very little relation to
that amendment. They serve very well to illus-
trate the revolutionary and partisan spirit in
which the amendment was conceived and rati-
fied. When tho amendment was originally
under discussion here I predicted that it would
soon lead to this vicious brood of partisan en-
actments. Any one unfamiliar with the his-
tory and progress of Radical legislation might
well be amazed that upon so narrow a basis
as that amendment so fearful a superstructure
could bo erected. But the truth is, that amend-
ment only supplies the pretext, not the consti-
tutional authority, for this bill.
I desire to state briefly why I think some of
its sections are unconstitutional. I inquire first,
then, and I desire the attention of the gentle-
men who were my colleagues on the committee,
what the fifteenth amedment, in pretended exe-
cution of which this bill was framed, authorizes
Congress to do ? It provides that—
"The right of citizens of the United States to
vote"—
Mark that, " to vote"—■
"shall not be denied or abridged by tho United
States or by any State on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude."
What is it that neither Congress nor any
State may deny or abridge ? It is not the right
to be registered under any system of State regis-
tration, or to beenroliedin any particular way,
or to be taxed preparatory to voting under State
laws. It does not confer the right to vote. It
only forbids the denial by the States or by Con-
gress of the right to vote on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. But
the right itself must be derived from and en-
joyed in accordance with the laws of the States.
Suffrage is the gift of the States. Its regula-
tion pertains to them alone. This amendment
does not say they may not deny or abridge suf-
frage at their pleasure, but only that they shall
not do so "on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude." For all other causes,
applicable alike 'to citizens of all colors, races,
and conditions, the powers of the States are
as plenary as they were before the pretended
ratification of the amendment.
Now, look at the second, third, and fourth
sections of this bill, and you will find that they
relate to the right of registration and other
formalities under State laws. They create
numerous new offenses and prescribe many
punishments extraordinary, extreme, and in
my judgment clearly excessive. They forbid
the doing of things not mentioned in the
amendment nor embraced within its spirit or
intent. The right of citizens to vote is what
shall not be denied or abridged "on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude." Not the right to register or do any other
thing as a mere prerequisite to the right to vote.
Those matters are left, where they have always
belonged, to the sole regulation of the States.
Ihis attempt to bring them within congres-
sional power and to make a new catalogue of
crimes to be punished in Federal courts is
most dangerous and unwarranted.
It was never contemplated by the people that
Congress would attempt to usurp control of the
elections in the States, to dictate in what man-
ner they, should be conducted, to put them
under the supervision of Federal officers, and
