4816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
thirty-five dollars a year. Here are three items
that amount to $755, when the amount of pay
to be received by that class of officers is only
$500.
I have consulted with clerks and other young
men in relation to these matters of expense in
this city, and they tell me that the lowest rate of
board and lodging that can be obtained in the
city, the very lowest, is thirty dollars a month ;
that would be equal to $360 per year; that
the lowest sum upon which a young man can
clothe himself wiih any comfort and decency
atall would be $200; and his washing cannot be
done for less than twenty-five dollars per year.
These are the principal expenses, 1 admit; but
there are some oilier small and incidental ex-
penses. These three classes of expenditure at
the very lowest rate would be $585, or eighty-
five dollars more than the mate is allowed when
he is on shore or waiting orders.
I will take the class of lieutenants. The
present pay of a lieutenant at sea is $2,500; on
shore duty, $2,000; on leave or waiting orders,
$1,030. The rates proposed are for lieuten-
ants who have notbeen com missioned five years,
$2,000 at sea, $1,000 on shore duty, and $1,600
on leave or waiting orders. Some of these
officers have been years in commission, from
five to ten years in commission ; they have
families 
Mr. DRAKE. I think the Senator is mis-
taken about that, if he will permit me to inter-
rupt him.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. There is no one of them who
has been in commission longer than two years
on the 12th of March; not one of the lieuten-
ants who lias been in commission longer than
that time, as the Register shows.
Mr. DAVIS. How long have they been in
the service in the lower grades?
Mr. DRAKE. 1 hold in my hand the Navy
Register, withtlie columnsshowing it. The first
one on the list, whose commission as lieuten-
ant is oldest, bearing date the 12th of March,
1868, had been on the 1st of January last in the
service only eight years and three months, in-
cluding his four years at the Naval Academy.
Consequently he had only been four years and
three months out of Lhe Naval Academy.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
tell rne his age, and about how many officers
of his class there are in the service?
Mr. DRAKE. First, as to the number in
hisgrade, speaking by the Navy Register issued
on the 1st of January, it was sixty-tour. There
were sixty-four lieutenants on that day, and
this gentleman, whose name headed the list,
then was probably about, twenty-four or twen-
ty-five years of age. seeing that the cadets when
they enter the Naval Academy are entered at
about, the average age of sixteen, and he had
been eight years and three months in the ser-
vice on the 1st of January last.
Mr. DAVIS. Of those sixty-four there are,
of course, a good many who have families.
Now, I ask the honorable Senator whether for
a lieutenant who has been from eight to ten
years in the service, and who has a family to
support, $1,500 when he is on shore is a suf-
ficient pay for a man of his age and position?
The proposed rates give a lieutenant for his first
fiveyears$2,200atsea; on shore duty, $1,900 ;
on leave or waiting orders, $1,500. After the
first five years from the date of his commission
the rates proposed are, $2,500 at sea, $2,100
on shore duty, and $1,600 on leave or waiting
orders.
Then come masters. The present rates are,
$2,000at sea, $1,600 on shorcduty, and $1,280
on leave or waiting orders. That class of
officers, I suppose, are generally of something
like the age of twenty-four or twenty-live.
They are considerable in number, and a large
proportion of them have families. It seems to
me that, the rates which I have just read are
not a high pay for men of that class who fill the
office of master in the Navy. The proposed
rates are, $1,000 at sea for tho first five years
from the date of commission, $1,300 on shore
duly, and $1,000 on leave or waiting orders.
After five years, $1,800 at-sea, $1,500 on shore
duty, and $1,200 on leave or waiting orders.
As to ensigns, the proposition is to give them
$1,200 at sea, $1,000 on shore duty, and
$800 on leave or waiting orders.
Mr. DRAKE. During the first five years?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and after five years
shall have expired, $1,400 at sea, $1,200 on
shore duty, and $1,000 on leave or waiting
orders.
Then come midshipmen after graduation.
The present rate is $800 when at sea, and on
leave or waiting orders $500. The proposition
is to give them $1,000 when on service at sea,
$800 on shore duty, and $600 when on leave
or waiting orders.
The mates now get $960 when on duty at
sea, $800 on shore duty, and $640 on leave or
waiting orders. The proposed pay is $000
when on duty at sea, $700 on shore duty, and
$500 on leave or waiting orders.
It was not my purpose to have said a word
on this bill. I would not now say a word if I
was not prompted to do so by the suggestion
of a young man, a particular acquaintance of
mine, who is, I believe, an ensign or a lieu-
tenant in the Navy. He suggested to mo that
the present rates of pay for the lower classes
of naval officers were satisfactory to them. I
have read those rates; 1 do not believe that
they are too high. 1 believe that the rates
proposed by the committee are too low. I am
satisfied that young men cannot live, however
frugal, with anything like the decency and
decorum that becomes their office and profes-
sion, upon the sums which the committee have
allowed them. A young man cannot live on
shore for five or six hundred dollars a year.
There is not in these lower grades of officers
any very considerable amount of difference
between the present rates of pay and those
that have been proposed by the committee.
The inconsiderable amount would be nothing
to the Treasuiy, but it would add to the com-
fort, to the respectability, and to the happiness
of these worthy classes of sea officer.* ; and I
think the committee ought to be satisfied to
retain the pay at the present rates.
There is a considerable difference between
the pay of tho lower grade of officers and of
the higher grades ; much larger, I think, than
ought to be allowed. J do not object to the
pay that is allowed or that is proposed to be
allowed to any of tho higher grades of sea offi-
cers, but my objection is that the reduction of
pay of tho lower grades of officers is too groat
to give them a comfortable and decent support
with any amount of economy that they can
practice.
Why, Mr. President, among those various
officers the great matter of subsistence ought
to be somethinglike proportionate. Whatwill
pay for the board and tho lodging of one offi-
cer, and for his clothing, and for his washing
and bis necessary expenses, would be in the
neighborhood of what would be sufficient for
another officer, even though of higher grade. I
am not murmuring at all at the amount of pay
that is proposed for the higher officers. I had
no thought on the subject at all until my atten-
tion was brought to it by this young friend of
mine. Ho came to my room ; ho pointed out
to me the various classes of young officers
whose pay he supposed, and I concurred with
him in opinion, was proposed by the projet of
the Naval Committee to be reduced too low.
Those are the lieutenants, masters, ensigns,
midshipmen, and mates. There is only from
$100 to $300 difference in the present rates of
pay and the reduction that is proposed by the
committee among these officers, or any of them.
It would amount to very little saving to the
Treasury if the rates of pay for these five or
six classes of subordinate officers were retained,
and then they would have, in my judgment,
sufficient, only a fair and a reasonable support
upon the practice of a sensible economy.
I appreciate the motives of the chairman of
the committee and of his committee in restrict-
ing the expenditures of young men to the least
amount that will give them a decent support,
it is the bane of young men to have too much
money to use for their personal expenses. Cer-
tainly the rates allowed them by the report of
this committee do not subject them to any such
danger as that. On the contrary, I think that
a fair and a candid inspection of the rates of
pay established, and our knowledge of the
essential and absolutely necessary expenditures
of the young men who fill these offices, must lead
us to the conclusion that they are not allowed
a competent and a decent support, upon any
practice of cconomy and frugality that they may
be capable of, with the rates that are estab-
lished by this amendment.
I therefore would prefer myself that the pres-
ent rates of pay for these five classes of officers
should be retained. If the honorable Senator
and his committee dissent from mv suggestion
I am not disposed to make any controversy
about it. It is a subject that I have but little
acquaintance with. I do not profess to have
the information that the honorable Senator and
his committee may have. I only make such
suggestions as are apparent on the surface of
the subject, and they establish, to my satis-
faction at least, thatthe amount of pay of'these
subordinate officers is not sufficient.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am very
glad to have heard the expression of opinion
from the honorable Senator from Kentucky on
this subject, for it gives mo an opportunity in
a few words to explain the rationale of this
portion of the pay table.
It so happens that these gentlemen filling
tho positions of mates, midshipmen, ensigns,
masters, and lieutenants are very young men,
who have been in the service but a very short
time ; out of the Naval Academy but a very
short time ; but by the condition of things
in the service during the war they have been
suddenly thrust up into grades that they could
not ordinarily have got into, some of them,
in fifteen years after leaving the Naval Acad-
emy. There are a good many of them in the
grade of lieutenant now who could not have
got into that grade in from ten to fifteen years
after leaving the Naval Academy but for the
exigencies of the war. The oldest lieutenant
in the service is probably not over twenty-five
years old, and the ensigns and masters are
much less than that, and midshipmen still less.
We found that a lieutenant in the Navy was
getting at sea more money in gold than you
pay to the chief clerk of any Department in.
Washington in greenbacks, and other officers
paid equally in proportion; the next grade
above lieutenant, commander, getting m gold
at sea $6,124, when an Auditor in the Treas-
ury Department only gets $3,000 in green-
backs. We went into an investigation of the
subject, and we came to this conclusion, which
1 can express in a very few words, to wit: that
we could do these youug gentlemen of the ser-
vice no greater injury for their whole lives
than by letting the period of their time in
these lower grades be passed with a high rate
of pay, so that when they get to tho higher
grades, especially when they come to that of
commander, they would have contracted such
habits of extravagance as would make it utterly
impossible for them to live on the ratesofpay
belonging to those higher grades ; and we came
to the conclusion that it was better for them,
better for the service, better for all concerned,
that they should, during their young years,
learn how to be able to live all their lives on
the pay they should receive as they rose from
one grade to another.
The Senator from Kentucky has expressed
himself with regard to the small rate of pay
of these officers when on leave or waiting
orders. I would state to the Senator that there
is a philosophy in that. The salvation of the
Navy depends upon our getting these young
officers to go to sea all the time, to hold out
