2B
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Sargent.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
very antipode of his original starting-point—
became the willing agents in this unheard of
interference in a mere local election, and sent
forth their words of admonition, with whatever
of official significance they mightbe expected
to convey, only to make the sentiment of the
people the more united and determined.
However gratifying this overwhelming vote
of the people may have proved to the friends
of order and conservatism throughout the coun-
try, I am not one of those who rejoice in any
favorable impression which it may have left
upon the public mind. It was at best but an
empty triumph. I am not here to indulge in
the slightestdisparagement of the distinguished
son of another State who has been placed at the
head of affairs in that ancient Commonwealth;
his reputed intelligence, conservatism, and love
of country entitle him to respect; but I do pro-
test, solemnly protest, against the necessity
under Federal interference which imposed upon
the people of Virginia, turning away froni their
native-born citizens, the selection of a citizen
from another State to manage their domestic
affairs. The State of Virginia voting by suf-
ferance, and acquiescing in her inability to gov-
ern herself! Where were the descendants of
Washington, of Jefferson, of Madison, of Mar-
shall, of Henry, and the host of names that
have become as familiar as household words
to the whole American people?
When I look back upon the past, Mr.
Speaker, when I compare this State with what
she was and what she is to-day, when I wit-
ness the efforts of extreme men taking advan-
tage of her helpless condition to humble and
degrade her, I am filled with amazement. Her
history is part and parcel of our common re-
nown. If we mean that she shall come back
into the Union upon an equality with her sister
States, is it becoming that we should strive to
blot out all the proud reminiscences of the
past, and force her to drag forever the chains
which have been riveted upon her? What
will it profit to continue this war of persecu-
tion? Will it aid reconstruction? Willitfacil-
itate the work of bringing the States once more
in harmony and union with each other upon
the only terms which can lead to stability and
permanency in the future ? Will it strengthen
our relations of fraternity and good-fellowship?
Look at her record. With an area almost
equal to the combined map of Europe, she
generously surrendered her vast possessions in
fiving her sanction to the Federal Constitution.
'he whole territory of the northwest was hers,
out of which empires have been carved, which
have justly conferred upon her the proud title
of ''mother of States." In the valor of her
sons, in the triumphs of matured statesman-
ship, in the aid which she has contributed in
building up and advancing our free institutions,
who has stood in advance of this old "mother
of States?" Is the sin of rebellion, against
what she believed to be a usurpation of power,
so unpardonable that it may not be forgiven ?
Does not her record entitle her to the forbear-
ance of her sister States? Ought not the man-
tle of charity, at least, to be thrown over her,
not seven times, but seventy times seven, if
necessary to reclaim her to the Union, which
she was so largely instrumental in forming?
Revenge and persecution have no further ex-
cesses to perpetrate, to make her degradation
the more signal and complete. Burke's descrip-
tion of the Carnatic, after invading armies had
passed over it, could hardly exaggerate her des-
olate and ruined condition, when she emerged
from the war into which she had been reluct-
antly drawn. A breathing skeleton was all
that remained of the fallen giant.
"Quantum mutatus ab illo Hectore."
Her capitol in the hands of her own slaves,
her institutions controlled bythesamedegraded
power, Federal bayonets bristling at every turn,
to mock the freedom which she once enjoyed,
and to impart boldness to the marauders who
were rioting in her downfall. More than the
fate of Poland was hers. There she stands
to-day helpless and prostrate, like Niobe, all
tears.
" Widowed and childless,
Hardened with woes, a statue of despair."
And yet, Mr. Speaker, in full view of all this,
we see around ns extreme men, impatient for a
renewal of these revolting scenes. It is the warn-
ing of smothered and unap>peased vengeance.
"Carthago delenda est" is the never dying
watchword. The graves must give up their
dead, and the South, resigned to her fate, must
struggle on in the hope of a later resurrection.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard a great deal about
loyalty since the war terminated. '' 0 liberty,''
said Madam Roland on her way to the scaffold,
" what crimes are they committing in thy
name! " The moral is not without its appli-
cation. In the name of loyalty the Constitution
has been overturned and the reconstruction
of these States has been held in abeyance,
until all prospect of a just reconstruction has
ceased to exist. Loyalty springs from a proper
love of country; from an observance of con-
stitutional guarantees and our form of govern-
ment, adopted in 1787, as it came to us from
our fathers. I cannot recognize the loyalty
of those who make it the pretext for sordid
agitation, for a renewal of the dead issues of
the war, and the cruel prosecution of a pros-
trate people in the mere interest of party. The
men who delight most in such strife, remote
from the trials and sacrifices of war when the
reality was upon the country, are not to be
trusted now in their insane ravings and self-
glorification, when all danger has passed, and
a common flag floats alike over the victor and
the vanquished. Loyalty to party is not to be
mistaken for devotion to liberty and constitu-
tional government.
The concession of the power to control suf-
frage in the States, is the last vestige of those
reserved rights, not already claimed and appro-
priated in some form or other, which the fram-
ers of the Constitution so obstinately insisted
uponin theformation of aFederal Government.
Whether Congress, or the Executive, or the Fed-
eral judiciaryis to be recognized as the supreme
arbiter hereafter, is matter of little, concern if
the form of your government is to be changed,
and the people are no longer sovereign in dis-
posing of questions touching their organic law.
The Constitution, with shame be it said, has
become the foot-ball of every designing poli-
tician who has party ends to subserve. It no
longer presents a barrier against usurpation
and encroachment. Amendments are being
piled upon amendments, until its identity is
gone, and what is left has ceased to be the ob-
ject of veneration and respect, to which in
times gone by, we were taught to cling as the
ark of our political safety. It cannot be long
hefore we realize the danger to which we are
exposed ; but that period may come when it is
too late to apply a remedy, and all that is worth
contending for in our popular system, has been
hopelessly sacrificed. The thirst for power is
no new phase in the history of republics. It
has shown itself in all ages and in every vicissi-
tude of human progress, from the days of the
ancient republics down to the establishment of
our own. Our forefathers were not blind to
the lessons of history, and they threw around
the Constitution all the safeguards which a wise
forethought could suggest. In undoing their
work we must not underrate the importance of
our action, or the heavy responsibility which it
imposes upon every well-wisher of free gov-
ernment, to whose patriotic offices and adher-
ence to constitutional guarantees, we have a
right to look for protection and the safety of
the Republic.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permit me to say
that when I reflect upon the fearful advances
of congressional encroachment; when I con-
sider the inevitable consequences of this recom-
mendation of the President of the United States
in reference to the old State of Georgia ; when
I see high civil departments of this Govern-
ment in the hands of mere military men with
strictly military training and education ; when I
behold the States thatformed this Government,
degraded, disfranchised, deprived of their just
and equal representation in this House, and
held in suspense for attempting to exercise
their functions as integral parts of our Federal
system; when I witness the gradual but certain
approaches that are now making to hold in check
and neutralize whatever of independence has
been left in the I?ederal judiciary, that last
hope of a tottering Constitution ; when I hear
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] at the head of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, threatening to seize in the
interest of the Federal arm all the wealthy and
powerful corporations of the land to swell still
further its already overgrown power, I say in
all frankness and sincerity, that I look with
gloomy forebodings to the future of this great
country.
Reconstruction of Georgia,
SPEECH OF HON. AARON A. SARGENT,
OF CALIFORNIA,
ix the House of Representatives,
December 20, 1869,
On tlie biIl(S. No, 281) to provide for the reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
Mr. SARGENT. Any one who has listened
to the debate on this bill, and who is familiar
with the debates of former years on questions
of great moment involving the safety of the
Republic or the enforcement of the plainest
rights of the loyal people of the South, must
be struck with the ingenuity of the Democratic
members in shaping old phrases to new occa-
sions, and with their consistency in denouncing
every measure that is not dictated in the inter-
ests of rebels. The same vehemence that
characterizes this bill as arbitrary, unjust,
unconstitutional, within the memory of us all
denounced the act of Mr. Lincoln in assembling
an armed force to save this capital as the act
of a despot and the knell of Ameriean liberty.
The coercion of the seceded States was arbi-
trary, unjust, and unconstitutional. The draft,
the measures taken to sustain public credit, the
emancipation proclamation, the whole recon-
struction measures one after the other, accord-
ing to these eloquent gentlemen, have been
each and equally arbitrary, unjust, and uncon-
stitutional. How often have we been threat-
ened with the indignation of the people, and
how often have these gentlemen been mistaken
in their threats and prophecies. The people
have steadily supported the party of liberty,
and they will yet do so.
But the Democratic members on this floor
have certainly progressed with the passage of
events. I remember some of the gentlemen
on my loft seven years ago declaiming lustily
against any form of emancipation, and declar-
ing that any measure to that end would cover
the South with blackened ruin and cause a
separation of eternal hate. Never would the
South affiliate again with the despoilers of their
household gods. "Take any shape but that."
Only leave slavery untouched and we might
play war to our hearts' content. But to-day I
have heard the confession from the Democratic
side of the House, passing unchallenged, that no
man in the South desires the reestablishment
of slavery, and that its abolition brings infinite
blessings to the white race. What man is so-
bold now as to say that there is no right to
coerce a rebellious State; that this nation has
not the right to live; that it does not possess
the privilege of self-defense? Where are the
