1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
order; mod that, of course, cats off this bill
and all the amendments to it.
Mr. CONKLING. _ I insist upon it only in
case a motion to adjourn or to proceed to
executive session is to be entertained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands, and rules that the census bill is
now before the Senate. The Senator from
Vermont suggests the printing of this bill with
the various amendments. Iftnere be no objec-
tion it will be so ordered, and Senators desirous
to move amendments will hand them to the
Secretary.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the census
bill is before the Senate, pending which thd
Senator from Iowa moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER and others. I hope not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not desire to debate
it; but I ask the Senate to allow me to take
up a Senate bill which comes from the House,
simply for the purpose of submitting a motion
that the Senate disagree to the amendments
of the House and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What bill is it ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill providing for thef
poor of the District.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have not yielded the
floor as yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina moved an amendment to the
disabilities bill. The Chair stated the question
to be on that amendment, upon which the Sen-
ator from Vermont rose. The Chair first asked
the Senator from South Carolina if he desired
to speak on the amendment, and he did not.
The Senator from Vermont suggested that the
bill be printed, pending which the Senator from
New York rose and demanded the regular
order, which is the census bill. When the
disabilities bill was taken up the Chair stated
distinctly that it was taken up subject to the
demand for the regular order, and the regular
order is the census bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. To satisfy the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, I withdraw all
the amendments and submit the bill just as it
is, with the simple correction of typographical
errors. j
Several Sekators. No; no. i
The VICE! PRESIDENT. The Senator from i
Vermont does not consent. The pending ques- I
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, |
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business, pending which the Senator
from Maine asks unanimous consent that the
amendments of the House to the bill of the
Senate in regard to tbe poor and destitute in
the District of Columbia may be taken up, for
the purpose of submitting a motion that the
Senate disagree to the amendments and ask for
a committee of conference. Is there objection ?
■ Mr. CAMERON. I object. I ask the kind-
seas of the Senator from Iowa to allow me
simply to offer an amendment to this disability
bill, adding three names.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield toallow the Senator from
Pennsylvania to move an amendment to a bill
which is not now before the Senate?
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe that
unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object. I will pay the
Senator back.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.-
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 26.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The census bill
m before the Senate, and upon it the Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor.
requires
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask that the bill
be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Pending the reading
of the bill I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator if he will
i not give way for one minute? There are mes-
sages on the Vice President's desk that ought
to be taken up and acted upon,
i Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood there was
an objection to reading them. I should have
none ; but others objected.
■ Mr. HARLAN. But these are executive
' messages, and as the Senate, I understand, has
agreed to adjourn over until Monday they ought
to be taken up and referred to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection,
but others have; and therefore I make the
motion to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 21, noes 25.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The census bill
is before the Senate, upon which the Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor. He
has demanded the reading of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the read-
ing of the bill the Senator from Iowa moves
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business, which motion is not
debatable.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 22, noes 26.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
declared not to be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the census bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division on
the motion to adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the negative, and the Senate refuses to
adjourn. The Secretary will read the census
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill be read.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to postpone 1
the census bill and all other business before
the Senate for the purpose of taking up Sen-
ate bill No. 436.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina to postpone the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding with the ;
consideration of the disabilities bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to hear the cen-
sus bill read in order to know how to vote on
that motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. In order to 3atisfy the
Senator from Vermont I have withdrawn all
amendments to this bill, and merely propose
to correct the typographical errors in it and
pass it as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ¥e can pass it on Mon-
day. Let it be printed and we can pass it on
Monday.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to move
two or three amendments to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina to postpone the present and all prior
Pfder? for the purpose of proceeding witn the
consideration of
fore that motion is.put the Senator from Ver-
mont insists op the reading of the census bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us take up this bill
for the removal of disabilities and pass, it and
be done with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the census bilL
Mr. ROBERTSON. If we can agree to take
the vote at one o'clock on this bill I will con-
sent to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We cannot agree to that
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina suggests that the vote be
taken on the bill for the removal of political
disabilities and the amendments to it on Mon-
day next. Is there objection?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not heard that
bill read, and I cannot consent to such an
agreement. I presume I shall not object to it
when I hear it read ; but I do not like to com-
mit myself without knowing what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the order desired by the Senator from
South Carolina?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes; the Senator
from Oregon objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Sen-
ator from Oregon object?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear
the bill read. I may not object to it after I
have heard it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is printed, and has
l^QGIl ]?6£L(1
Mr. WILSON. As the Senate doe3 not
seem disposed to adjourn, I move to take up
the bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be
taken up by unanimous consent. The pend-
ing motion is the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, and *the Senator from Ver-
mont insists on the census bill being reported
so that it shall be properly before the Senate
before it is set aside.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the census bill before
the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
ordered to be before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it will be the next
business in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I confess I feel some-
what mortified at the course which is being
taken here in voting down these motions, I
am willing to vote for any of them to get out
of this difficulty. Weareaccomplishingnothing.
I moved once, with a view of getting out of it,
to adjonrn; that motion did not carry. I now
move to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope not.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
Illinois give way to me for one moment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
allow fne to make one suggestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Several Senators have
asked me to yield. I must insist upon my
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate must hear
this bill read at some time before we dan pro-
ceed with it, and I ask the Senator why not
occupy the time now in having it reported ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from New York very frankly why. He
sees half a dozen Senators struggling with
other motions to lay it aside the taoment it is
attempted to be proceeded with. I think the
exhibition we are making with these various
motions, and a dozen persons on the floor at
once, is neither a very proper one for the Senate
to make nor does it advance the transaction of
the public business, and I think the sooner we
get out of it the better; and although 1 am will-
ing to adjourn, I now move to proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator yield to
.me for a remark ?
Mr. TRUMBUIjL. I would if that was the
only yielding I should have to do ; but I will
yield to no one. Let ns see if we cannot get
out of this difficulty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois declines to yield and resumes his
seat, and the motion is not debatable.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 26, noes 22.
