2928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the appeal be
laid on the table.
On the motion of Mr. Arnbll, there were—
ayes 78, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 104, noes 12.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the further point
of order that the language of the gentleman
from Wisconsin was unparliamentary in refer-
ring to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] as being "thin-skinned." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No further
appeal can be entertained upon the same sub-
ject-matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I take the remark hack.
I will admit that the gentleman from Ohio is
not "thin-skinned."
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared at
the bar, and announced that In pursuance of
the order of the House he had in custody and
now presented at the bar Mr. Loughridge.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, Mr. Lough-
ridge, you have beeu absent from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I <Jesire to say that
I have been here all day. Having this evening
some very important committee business which
I had to examine, I felt it to be my duty to stay
at home and attend to it, I may have been
wrong in doing so ; but my committee work
requires some time outside of the Rousts. That
is my oi^ly excuse. , .
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wove that the gentle-
man be fined ten dollars.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldmdge] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin yield to me for a few
moments ? I wish to present a request for leave
of absence till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot yield for any
snch purpose. I shall close my remarks in a
minute or two. I do not wish to trespass upon
the patience or the time of the House. By the
suggestion of some gentlemen around me I was
led to make a remark in regard to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
which was not justified. I had been informed
that he had taken an active part in bringing
about this call of the House. He informs me
that such was not the case; that he came in
after these proceedings were inaugurated. I
wish, therefore, to withdraw any remark which
I made on that sabject, for I have no desire
to cast any unjust reflection upon any gentle-
man of this House. I believe the gentleman
has in general been In attendance here, as I
have been myself.
I do not, however, withdraw the remarks I
have made with regard to the attendance of
members. Gentlemen of this House have
been negligent in their attendance. They
have failed to attend the sessions as they ought
to have attended them.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman considers his late fine as- an
evidence of the absence of members from the
Houne ? [Laughter. J
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir. I paid that
fine. And let me say this is the first time I
have ever been fined or brought before this
House for non-attendance during my seven
years' service in this House. Can the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] say as much ?
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. To-night I came here
just as the front door was closed. I saw it
close. I went to the next door and was unable
to get in there. I finally came to one of the
doors where I got in and surrendered myself
to the Sergeant-at-Arms. I have endeavored
to perform my official duty by attending upon
the House and Its committees as faithfully as
circumstances have permitted, though I do
not undertake to boast of this. I felt morti-
fied to-night to be arrested and brought before
the House for non-attendance. Having this
evening obtained the floor—a rare thing for us
on this side—I have felt it proper to make
these remarks. Gentlemen on the other side
have the majority and they can give us a quo-
rum of not, just as they please. When, there-
j fore, gentlemen insist upon evening sessions
! they should themselves attend. If they would
do so the business of this House would pro-
ceed without difficulty, and there would be no
occasion for such proceedings as we have had
here to-night.
| -1 beg pardon of the House for having occu-
pied so much of its time. I should have fin-
ished long ago if I had not been interrupted at
almost every word. I have scaroely been able
to speak a single sentence without interruption
i from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.] He has taken appeal after appeal,
1 which the House has decided against him. I
wish to say in conclusion that I hope this scene
i may hot be repeated during this session or this
! Congress. I trust that this night's proceed-
i ings may be an example, and that gentlemen
! will hereafter attend more fkithfully to their
\ duties. The attention of the country has been
| called to this matter, and we may well be
j ashamed of these proceedings. They are a
source of mortification to myself, as they ought
: to be to every other member.
I Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
! Schenck] now desires the floor, and I yield it
to him.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 think the gentleman has
talked about ten dollars' worth. [Laughter.]
I now demand the previous question.
The resolution Was again read.
Mr. FITCH. I have moved an amendment,
which is pending, to strike out "Monday'' and
insert '' Saturday.''
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
order that the previous question having been
demanded the amendment of the gentleman
from Nevada cannot be entertained.
The SPEAKER pro tempori. The gentle-
man from Nevada moved his amendment pre-
vious to the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand a division
of the resolution, so that the vote may be first
taken on dispensing with alt further "proceed-
ings under the call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that the resolution is not divis-
ible. The first vote will be on the amendment
of the gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I wish to make a
parliamentary inquiry, and it is this: the Ser-
geant-at-Arms is now ordered to bring in the
absentees. The resolution proposes to adjourn
the House until Monday next at one o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tion does not propose to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I mistook the reso-
lution in that respect; but it requires the
absentees to report at that time. The inquiry
I have to make is this: suppose the Sergeant-
at-Arms after the House adjourns to-night has
in custody a gentleman who is excused from
and after to-morrow, will not this resolution
require the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring that
gentleman here on Monday ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that the inquiry .is in the nature
of debate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on Mr. Fitch's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-night it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SUHENCK. (at
eleven o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. in,,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. FINKELNBURG : The petition of
John W. Jennings, asking indemnity for prop-
erty lost in the service of the Government.
By Mr. KETCHAM: A petition of citizens
of the United States against land monopolies.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey : The peti-
tion of Captain Daniel Waters and others, lor
the abolition of duties on tea and coffee, aud
a reduction on sugar and molasses.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The remonstrance of
W. R. Burt and others, citizens of Michigan,
against changing the route of the Amboy, Lan-
sing, and Traverse Bay railroad.
By Mr.O'NEILL: A communication signed by
W. G. Thomas, N. L. Gaw, W. Elliott, Charles
Dutilk, Adam McCoy, John S. Huhn, John L.
Lawson, and others, citizens of the second
congressional district of Pennsylvania, urging
Congress not to reenact the income tax.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petitions of Charles
W. Leake, of Wachita county, and William C.
Langford, of Union county, Arkansas, for
removal of their disabilities.
By Mr. STOKES: A memorial signed by
a large number of loyal citizens of Henderson
county, Tennessee, asking Congress to relieve
them from rebel rule and oppression.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Warren
Flint, of Hartford, Connecticut, for revival of
letters-patent.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of William
Arnold, P. L. Dobbins, W. H. Piatt, J. L. Mar-
quis, J. R. Huston, and 28 others, citizens of
Dayton, Ohio, praying for a modification in the
present revenue law in regard to the collection
of the tax on spirits distilled within the United
States.
Also, the memorial of Trumbo, McGuire &
Co., James P. Moore, J. D. Sherman, J. T.
Cobb, and 118 others, citizens of Chillicothe,
Missouri, praying for a modification in the
present revenue law in regard to the collection
of the tax on spirits distilled within the United
States.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 23, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, moved
that the further reading of the Journal be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal was then approved.
HON. ERASMUS D. PECK.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I present the credentials of Hon.
Erasmus D. Peck, elected a member from the
tenth congressional district of Ohio.
The credentials were read and laid on the
table.
Mr. Peck was duly qualified, and took his
seat.
INDEFINITE LEA YE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Retolved, That leave of absence heretofore granted
for an indefinite length of time shall in no easo
extend beyond Monday, the 2d day of May next,
unless otherwise ordered by the House.
Gentlemen have been absent by the month
on indefinite leave of absence, and I think that
such leave ought to be cut off.
