1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
Mr. KELLOGG and Mr. SPENCER called
for the yeas and navs; and they were, ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. 'I move that the Senate do
DOW adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j ana tin* oenate
adjourned.
1 •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 4, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer .
by Rev. S. V. Leech, of the. Methodist Fipis- j
copal Church, Baltimore.
The Journal of yesterday Was read and j
approved. i
SALE OF OFFICES BY CONGRESSMEN,
Mr. SLOCUM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I hold in my hand a copy of the New
York Times, of the date of February 2,1870, !
which contains a paragraph calculated to do
great injury to two very valuable institutions
of the country, the Military Academy at West
Point and the Naval Academy at Annapolis.
It is calculated, furthermore, to bring dishonor
npon this House. I send it to the Clerk's desk,
and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" United State* Natal Academy.—'Vacant cadetship
to be filled before June. Parties of means address
■Congressman,' box No. 142, Times office. Also, West
Point vacancy."
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Speaker, one of the
crying evils of the day is the opinion which
prevails in many circles that to hold office is
dishonorable; that to have the name of being
a politician is little better than to be called a
thief. It is just such articles as that now read
from the Clerk's desk that bring into disrepute
the members of this body. I think the subject
should be investigated, and therefore submit
the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas the New York Times of date February 2,
1870, contains the following advertisement:
" United State  Naval Academy.—Vacant cadetship
to be filled before June. Parties ef means address
'Congressman,tbozKo.l42> Times office. Also.West
Point vacancy."
Therefore,
B" it roolved, T&at the Committee on Military
Affairs be authorized, to inquire a£ to whether any
member of this House .has ever sold or offered for
sale his influence as a member in securing- appoint-
ments to either the Military or the Nayal Academy,
and whether any member ever received or expressed
a willingness to receive any valuable consideration
for using his influence in connection with such ap-
pointment; and that the committee be empowered
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I sin-
cerely hope thafrthis resolution will be adopted.
Just before I left home to attend the present
session of Congress a lady of the highest re-
spectability in my district informed me that
she had received a letter from a member of
Congress offering to place her son at the West
Point Academy for $2,500, I asked her the
name of that member of Congress. She said
she could not give it to me at the moment, but
she would furnish me with the letter. She,
however, never has furnished me with it, or I
would have brought forward a proposition
similar to that which my friend from New York
has offered. These rumors affecting the integ-
rity of members do prevail. The fact which I
have mentioned was directly communicated to
me by a lady of the highest respectability.
Mr. WOOD. In addition to what has been
said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wood ward j I will remark that I have very
recently seen an advertisement in a Philadel-
phia newspaper offering for sale an appoint-
ment of this kind.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me a single suggestion?
Mr. SLOCUM. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that by the present
terms of the resolution the -inquiry would be
restricted to members of the present House.
I ask the gentleman to modify his resolution
and make it broad enough to authorize the
committee to inquire into past abuses, if the
committee have reason to suppose the exist-
ence of gnch..
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 66.
Mr. SLOCUM. That thought had occurred
to me, and the only reason I did not make the
resolution broad enough to embrace such an
inquiry was the question in my mind as to our
right to extend the investigation that far. If
we have the right I will very gladly modify the
resolution.
Mr, STEVENS. I think there can be no
doubt about our rightto investigate past abuses.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemanfrom New
York £Mr. Slocum] modifies his resolution so#
as to inquire whether "any member of this
House or any preceding House'' has been
implicated in this matter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. WiH the gentleman from
New York yield to me for a moment? j
Mr. SLOCUM. Yes, sir. j
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have seen recently, in
two. newspapers published in the western part
of Pennsylvania, a statement that some mem-
ber of Congress—I think it stated he was from
Pennsylvania—had sold one of these appoint-
ments for $500. As a matter of conrse, the
whole delegation of our State who might be
implicated in that allegation .are anxious for
the investigation now proposed, so that if the
allegation is true the guilty party may be dis-
covered and we may not all suffer under the
imputation; and if it is true, that that fact may
be known. ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
certainly will be no objection to the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. JENCKES. Why should not the inquiry
include Delegates from the Territories?
Mr. BENJ AMIN. It seems to me the res-
olution should provide that the committee be
" directed," instead of " authorized."
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not be well to
let the inquiry extend generally to appoint-
ments to the two national schools, the Military
and the Naval Academy?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York accept the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jekckes J to
insert the words " or Delegate from any Ter-
ritory?"
Mr. SLOCUM. YeS. sir.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SLOCUM. With pleasure.
Mr. KELLEY. I have just come from a
committee-room, And therefore do not know
what has already been said on this subject, nor
am I acquainted with the precise terms of the
resolution. I know only its general character.
I wish to say that my attention was called a
couple of days ago to an article in a newspa-
per published in the northern part of Pennsyl-
vania, asserting that some member front that
State had recently sold an appointment to a
cadetship. I allude to the circumstance in
order that whoever has the paper may bring it
to the attention of the committee. The editor
of that paper seems, from the article; to have
specific information on the subject.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STBAMBOATg TAKEN BT THIS GOVERNMENT.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on Re-
vision of the Laws of the United States, sub-
mitted a report on the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury "relative to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States, and
taken by the Government without the consent
of the owners dnring the war;" which was
ordered to be printed.
PENSION AND BOUNTY CLAIMS.
Mr. POLAND, from the same committee,
also reported a substitute for House bill No.
719, extending the time for the prosecution of
offenses committed in the prosecution of pen-
sion and bounty claims j which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
black bob indian lands
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, asking that the
Black Bob Indian lands be 6old to actual
settlers; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
abolition of franking privileges.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, also
presented a concurrent resolution of the State
of Kansas, in favor of the abolition oft,he frank-
ing privilege; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
SESSION ON SATURDAY.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. I have been requested by
several members to ask that there be a session
of the House to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. WOOD. I will accept that suggestion,
and move that the session of to-morrow be for
debate only, as in Committee of the Whole,
with the understanding that no business shall
be transacted.
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the order was made for the session of
to-morrow ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MODS OF PAYING PENSIONS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H.- R. No. 1098) to provide
a mode of paying pensions; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
sarah nibbling.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1099) granting a
pension.toSarah Niebling ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to theCdm-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
The SPEAKER stated that under the roles
this was set apart as private bill day, and during
the morning hour reports of a private nature
were in order from the committees, beginning
with the Committee on Commerce.
FORT GRATIOT MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back House bill No.
207, to amend an act entitled "An act provid-
ing for the sale of a portion of the Fort Gratiot
military reservation in St. Clfcir county, in the
State of Michigan," wfth the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill provides for granting in perpetuity
a portion of the military reservation named to
the city, of Port Huron, to be known as " Pine
Grove Park."
Mr. JULIAN. I now call tie p*<aviouS ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being; engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third, time,, and
pftsscd*
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIANS IN THXIB TRIBAL CAPACITY.
The call having reached the Committee on
India# Affairs, ^
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to make
a parliamentary inquiry. I desire to know
whether a bill which relates to Indians in their
tribal capacity is a private bill?
