1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1985
portation of benzine, benzole, naphtha, crude
or refined petroleum, or any other articles of
which coal oil is the basis, as freight, or to be
used on any such boat as stores for lighting,
lubricating, or other purposes on any passenger
steamer navigating western, southern, or south-
western waters; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
J. S. Calvert, Henrico county, Virginia; of
George Wythe (-Heaves, Wythe county, Vir-
ginia ; of George Robinett, Wythe county, Vir-
ginia; of William Crawford, Wythe connty, Vir-
ginia; of Joseph A. Peck, Giles county, Vir-
ginia; of John L. Givens, Giles county, Virginia;
of John Thompson, Tazewell county, Virginia ;
of A. S. Fulton, Wythe county, Virginia; of
John Jackson, Wythe county, Virginia; of
Robert Smith, Tazewell county, Virginia; of
A. S. Norment,Virginia; of SimonW. Young,
Tazewell county, Virginia; of P. C. Larus,
Henrico county, Virginia; of Dr. J. J. Cherry,
Henrico county, Virginia; of E. C. Mosby,
Powhatan county, Virginia; of J. R. Wilten,
Tazewell county, Virginia; of P. L. Woolwine,
Pulaski comity, Virginia; of A. G. Pendleton,
Lynchburg, Virginia; of James R. Creger,
Wythe county, Virginia; of David Huddle,
Wythe county, Virginia; of Thomas Jackson,
Wythe county, Virginia, praying for the re-
moval of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of various offi-
cials of Virginia in behalf of General William
B. Taliaferro, of that State, prayingthe removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee oa the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Willow Springs, Virginia, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
recommittal of A report.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a report made yester-
day morning by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Pratt] in regard to the case of the Mercantile
Insurance Company, so that it may be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks that the report made by the
Committee on Claims in regard to the Mercan-
tile Insurance Company of New York be taken
from the Calendar and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Claims. If there be no objection
that order will be made. The Chair hears no
objection.
printing of a refort.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted
by Mr. Schurz on the 4th instant:
Pii folvc/l, That five hundred extra copies ot the
report submitted by the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, on the 21st of February, (Sen. itep.
Com. No. 47,) with the accompanying testimony, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The Committee on Printing reported the
resolution with an amendment to strike out
live hundred and insert one thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I see the Senator from
Michigan is present who objected yesterday to
the consideration of a report of the Commit-
tee on Printing. I think it ought to be dis-
posed of one way or the other, because the
type is standing, and if it is the intention ot
the Senate to print the additional copies they
had better be printed at once and save tae
expense of resetting the type. If there be no
objection I ask that the resolution be taken up
to be disposed of now.
41st Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 125.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have some remarks
to make if that is to be taken, up and acted on
at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection. Reports of commit-
tees are now in order.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 52) for the relief of Alfred B. Wins-
low, of Portland, Maine, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Samuel
Miller, in relation to certain bonds belonging
to him confiscated and collected by the United
States marshal, under a decree of the United
States district court in Indiana, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 673) for
the relief of Nicholas M. Page, executor of
Samuel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 682) to amend an act
entitled "An act to carry into effect provisions
of the treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giving
certain judicial powers to ministers and consuls
and other functionaries of the United States in
those countries, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 22, I860, to report ic back and
ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, who have this subject,
or what is akin to it, under consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railway Company to issue its bonds for
the construction of its road, and to secure the
same by mortgage, be made the special order
of the day for Monday next at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the present
time that motion will require the unanimous
consent of the Senate; reports are now in order.
When Senate resolutions are in order the motion
can be made ; but a special order can only be
made by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Francis
Masich, for relief from liability in consequence
of the condemnation of certain cotton brought
out under permits of Admiral Farragut and
others, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Terrritories, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 509) for the relief of the inhabitants
of Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of William B.
Campbell, praying for compensation for the
loss of a steamer, have had the same under
consideration and directed me to report a joint
resolution referring this claim to the Court of
Claims for consideration. I ask that this joint
resolution be considered now.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) confer-
ring upon the Court of Claims jurisdiction to
hear and determine the claim of William B.
Campbell was read the first time.
The joint resolution proposes to give juris-
diction to the Court of Claims to hear and de-
termine the claim of William B. Campbell for
the loss of an unfinished steamer, alleged to
have been seized in the fall of 1861 by order of
General Grant, then in command at Cairo, to
prevent the same from falling into the hands
of the rebels and being used by them to cross
the river from the Kentucky to the Illinois
shore, and which vessel is alleged to have been
lost in consequence of that seizure : and the
court is to be authorized to hear and determ-
ine the validity of the claim and the amount
of Campbell's loss.
^ Mr. CQNKLING. I think that had better
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
George T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, Iowa, praying
for compensation for damages sustained on
account of the seizure of the Leighton House in
that city by the United States for a hospital,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No..674) for the relief George T. Wiggins, of
Keokuk, in the State of Iowa. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee oa
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
E, Lockwood,agentforCharlesRoseneld, pray-
ing compensation for military services, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration j which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the petition of Junius J. Boyle,
administrator of John Boyle, deceased, of the
city of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying that his claim may be re-referred to the
Court of Claims, reported adversely thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 549) for the relief
of Junius J. Boyle, administrator of John
Boyle, deceased, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am also directed by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Clara G. Scott, praying for com-
pensation for services rendered and money ex-
pended in taking cars of sick and wounded
soldiers, to report adversely thereon, and to
ask that the committee be discharged and that
the papers be returned to the petitioner. These
papers are simply letters of recommendation
of the services and kind treatment of soldiers
on the part of the applicant, and it i§ thought
proper that she should have possession of the
papers.
The report was agreed to,
TERRITORIAL LEGISLATIVE FUND.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 115) relative to legislative
fund of Washington Territory, have instructed
me to report it back; and I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider it imme-
diately. There is a written report attached to
it which is very short and plain, and I think it
will command the assent of the Senate.
By unanimous consent the joint resolu-
tion was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the appropriation
of $12,000 "for the per diem and mileage of
the members of the territorial Assembly^ of
the Territory of Washington at its second bien-
nial session, which meets on the first Monday
in December, 1869, and for the incidental
expenses of the same," contained in the act to
supply deficiencies, approved April 10, 1869,
shall be applicable to the payment of the^er
diem, and mileage of the members of the terri-
torial Assembly of said Territory which met
during the month of October, 1869, and of the
incidental expenses of said session.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAND ENTRIES IN ALABAMA.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (b.
495) to confirm entries of public laoa 111 cei-
tain c&sesj have dir&cfceal to rgpo?k
with an amendment; and as .this is a purely
local matter, and the bill hiW bee  consid-
ered in the committee, aod has tu® appro-
