1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Sargent.'
Ho. of Reps.
orators who tortured speech to express their
indignation against us who dared to vote the
means of coercion, and who painted with all
the bombast of to-day the retiring procession
of Republicans from this Hall ? Some of them
have passed from these Halls forever; others
still talk as if they were the sole depositaries
of public virtue, the only exponents of consti-
tutional law, the chosen guardians of public
thunders. Dare they forget the stains that spot
their garments? Think they that the record
has never been written up of their persistent
and factious opposition to measures now known
by the event to have been the condition of
national existence? Had there been a gleam of
patriotism in their course; could the Demo-
cratic party in this Hall point to one instance
of self-abnegation, one measure originated and
urged by it having any tendency to make rebel-
lion more difficult or reconstruction more bene-
ficial to loyal men, we might look to it for
advice, at least sincerity, upon such measures
as this.
How ill-considered is and has been the un-
varying opposition of the Democratic party to
measures warlike, financial, or reconstruction,
has been well illustrated on this floor within a
few days. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Mungen] went out as of aforetime to preach
Democratic doctrines of repudiation, notknow-
ing that the strength had departed from him ;
that these locks of his party had been shorn
by public opinion. One after another of his
Democratic friends arise in their places and
repudiate his repudiation with not a word of
courtesy to conceal their vexation at the frank
talk of their associate. It was a refreshing
spectacle to see these gentlemen who had de-
nounced from so many stumps and in this Hall
the bloated bondholders, and fiercely assailed
the financial policy of the Government even ill"
the dark days of the war when our fate hung
by a slender thread of credit, place themselves
squarely on the Republican platform and vote
so unanimously for the resolution of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] How many hard
words were taken back during that edifying
half hour ! But the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] was no new utter-
ance from his lips. In it he read largely from
a previous speecll made by him on this floor to
show his full consistency. On that former
occasion the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] and their compeers remained
mute. Was it not because at that date Pendle-
ton had not been beaten in Ohio or Packer in
Pennsylvania? The public voice had not yet
been plainly heard in condemnation of the doc-
trine of the Democratic party. There was yet
a hope that this lever might overthrow the Re-
publican party. That hope disappeared as the
economy of the Government forestalled slander
and the public voice repudiated repudiation.
Therefore, it was not too much to expect that
the Democratic Representatives in this Hall
should hasten to free themselves of imputations
for which their own course and that of the cher-
ished leaders of their party had given too much
meaning.
In the light of this long hostility to any
aggressive policy against the rebels ; the fierce
denunciations of the people's Representatives
who decreed the extinction of slavery and solid
reconstruction on the basis of equal rights and
public safety ; the studied efforts to decry pub-
lie credit and defeat the means to sustain it,
with subsequent confessions that showed that
these party outcries were either blind opposi-
tion or else unscrupulous partisanship, I have
no confidence in the motives that prompt simi-
lar tactics in regard to this bill, and only con-
tempt for the renewed threats of popular
vengeance, coming from gentlemen who have
heretofore exhausted the vocabulary of abuse
and threats against us.
Mr. Speaker, the opponents of this bill
seem to concede, for the sake of the argument,
that the conditions affixed by Congress to the
admission of reconstructed States were consti-
tutional. Whether they so concede or not,
popular judgment has so decided and sanc-
tioned every step of progress. It is too late to
argue that proposition. The issue was plainly
made up in the last presidential election, and
was clearly adjudicated. But it is claimed that
Georgia has been once admitted under the
reconstruction laws, and that there is no power
in Congress to compel her to observe the con-
ditions on which she was admitted. Then,
indeed, are the people powerless and their
Representatives imbecile. Very many of the
western .States were admitted upon conditions
relating to public property, &c., the sanction
of their Legislatures being required of such
conditions before proclamation of their admis-
sion to the Union and the admission of their
Representatives to this floor.
The application of such Federal authority
had been sanctioned by years of usage and
multitudes of precedents before such authority
was applied in reconstruction. Will any gen-
tleman have the hardihood to affirm that if any
of those States which entered the Union on
condition-precedent had embraced the first
opportunity of legislative will after admission
to repudiate the fundamental stipulations, that
Congress would not have had the power to
repeal the act of admission, to send back such
State to pupilage until it gave guarantees to
respect the supreme authority ? My own State
was admitted on the condition that it should
not tax the property of the United States within
its borders. Suppose the first Legislature of
California had disregarded this stipulation and
passed a law taxing the public domain, the forts
and navy-yard of the United States, would the
fact that it had representation here, that in the
effete parlance of State rights it wa§ " a sov-
ereign State," have arrested the Sat of Con-
gress or disarmed its power? If such a doe-
tnnc is contended for on this floor it must also
be assumed that Congress had no power to
affix conditions, and has only to register the
number of States that may be carved out of the
Territories of the Union. The power to affix
conditions must carry the power to enforce
them. Without such power a large part of the
legislation of the country relating to new States
was the merest farce. We could neither re-
quire constitutions republican in form or assign
boundai-ies to new States. Suppose Congress
should pass a law admitting Utah into the
Union as a State on condition of its making
the practice of polygamy unlawful by its organic
law. In the light of old and new precedents we
cannot doubt our power so to do. Will gen-
tlemen contend that if Utah accepted the
conditions it could legalize the practice of
polygamy after its admission ? Will they in-
sist that we must sit idly by and see this
violation of fundamental law and have no
jurisdiction to vindicate our dignity and the
authority of the law? This is the position of
our Democratic friends ; and to listen to their
advice we must abdicate a well-established
power of the Government. Whether Geor-
gia has violated the fundamental law, the con-
dition of her admission, is a question of fact.
When the fact is admitted or proven the
means to compel her obedience must reside
with the law-making power of the nation.
The cry of usurpation is answered by prece-
dents, by the necessities of the ease, by com-
mon sense.
Has Georgia violated the conditions of her
admission? That State proffered her consti-
tution, republican in form, and we accepted
it. She adopted the fourteenth amendment.
She has violated both. By the decision of her
own supreme court she is convicted of violat-
ing her State constitution. By the election to
and control of her Legislature by men who
had broken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States she violated the
fourteenth amendment, the sanction of which
was a condition-precedent to her admission.
There has never been a viler piece of treach-
ery than that consummated by these very unre-
pentant rebel legislators. To that Legislature
were elected many men clearly disqualified
under the fourteenth amendment. They could
not sit an hour except iu violation of the con-
ditions of admission. To that same Legislature
there were elected some colored men who, by
the decision of the supreme court of Georgia,
were qualified under the laws and constitution
of the State. But an arrangement was made by
which neither should object to the eligibility of
the other class. It was so distinctly agreed and
understood. On these conditions the colored
and white Union members did not object to the
ineligible whites taking their seats. These men
who had once been false to their oath to their
country were false to this agreement also, and
used their power thus gained to unseat the col-
ored members. By this ineffable meanness
they grasped the power of the State, and the
fraud is applauded by the united Democratic
press of Georgia. But these men reckoned
without Congress. They did not violate with
impunity their and our organic laws. By this
bill we will undo that great wrong, and the
Georgia Legislature will be purged of the men
disqualified to sit therein but capable of the
meanest political act recordedin history. Even
were these violations of fundamental law fol-
lowed by no insecurity to life and property it
would befit the dignity of the American Con-
gress to take some measures to bring this State
to the observance of its obligations. The time
when nullification of national laws and con-
stitutional compacts could be attempted with
impunity is separated from the present by the
gulf of a desolating war.
If the power of the national Government has
becomc centralized even beyond the idea of
Alexander Hamilton, it is the rebel States
that have compelled us to strengthen the
national arm to defeat their nefarious designs.
The power of the national Government is the
concentrated will of the people acting with
greater force than ever through constitutional
forms. The will of the people holds these new
States to the conditions of their admission,
and were there no higher motive the determ-
ination to vindicate the_ dignity of the laws
would be ample justification of this legislation.
But there are urgent reasons growing out of
the disorganization of Georgia; the repeated
political murders, the wide-spread terrorism
that exists there, testified to by the highest
and most disinterested authority, that demand
our action. And I tell gentlemen that the Re-
publican party will fulfill its purpose to make
life, liberty, and property safe in Georgia and in
every State that needs reconstruction as the
highest duty it owes to the nation. Neither
cajolery nor threats will divert it from this
purpose.
Is life, liberty, and property safe in Georgia
at the present moment, or has it been since the
act of the Legislature to which I have referred ?
I do not refer to ordinary crimes that arise from
cupidity and have their counterparts in every
community ; I refer to murders for loyal sen-
timents. Fifteen members of the Legislature
have been driven from their homes by the Ku-
klux Klan, and senators and representatives
have been murdered because they were Repub-
licans. Since the spring session of this hody
two members of the Georgia Legislature, one
white and one colored, who were here asking
for the passage of laws that would protect the
loyal people of that State, have been murdered
in cold blood. General Terry gives us his tes-
timony as to the condition of matters in the
State in his report that comes to us in the
