1870.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4817
no inducement to them for shore duty or to be
on leave of absence; and that great discrep-
ancy between the leave pay and the sea pay
is made expressly for.the purpose of inducing
them all to go to sea.
Now, in regaud to mates, the honorable Sen-
ator is probably not aware of the fact that those
are mere temporary officers; they do not be-
long to the line; they do not belong to the
staff; they are shipped at such-times as the
service stands in need of them, and as soon as
their cruise is ended they are discharged.
There is a leave pay put in for them, and a
shore-duty pay, just to round off the table;
but the most of them are all the time at sea,
and those who are not at sea are on receiving-
ships in this country or at naval stations or
navy-yards, where quarters are provided for
them, and where the Government furnishes
them, in addition to all this pay, a ration of
thirty cents a day. But the mates are tempo-
rary officers, made necessary by the fact that
we had to take midshipmen out of the Naval
Academy during the war and make ensigns
and masters and lieutenants of them, and we
had nobody to supply their place except by the
creation of this new office. They go out of
service in two or three years, and may reenlist
from time to time or be reappointed from time
to time; but they stay only as long as they
please ; there is no promotion for them ; they
come and go as the service requires.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand fromthe hon-
orable Senator that these naval officers are paid
in gold ?
Mr. DRAKE. When they are abroad at
Bea every one of them is paid in gold.
Mr. DAVIS. The same amount of salary ?
Mr. DltAIvE. The same amount of salary
is paid to them in gold, wherever they arc at
sea.
Mr. DAVIS. How is it when they are on
shore ?
Mr. DRAKE. On shore they are paid in
greenbacks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is
on the amendment of the Senat.orfrom Missouri
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. When the question was put
on the other amendment I was talking with my
colleague and did not notice that the question
was being put. If the Senate will allow me to
do so, I should like, in compliance with my
promise, to move to strike from the amendment
the grades I indicated.
Mr. M0RR.ILL. of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to make a suggestion to him. As
the Senate is now thin, perhaps he will accom-
plish his purpose by reserving his motion until
the bill is reported from the Committee of the
Whole to the Senate, and let us go on in the
mean time and perfect the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I will accept the
suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affairs
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. Tt is proposed to insert
the following as an additional section:
ftr;c. —. Ami be it further enacted. That the pny
prescribed in the next, preccdin? section shall be the
full and entire compensation of the peverai omcere
thevjin named, and no additional ^allowance shall
joe made in favor of any of said officers on any ac-
count whatever, and all laws or parts of laws author-
izing any such allowance shall, on the 1st day of July,
1x70 he repealed; but this shall not be construed as
repealing existing laws allowmgrationsandtravean?
expenses to officeis; and their tiavehng expenses in
forcigyi conn tries shall be considered to includesuch
expenses of transportation of baggage as were neces-
sarily incurred; hut 110 charge for transportation ol
ba<"M"c in connection with travel m the United
Whites sh all bo allowed. And from and after the ot!u
day of Jane, 1S70, so lunch ot t.ic fourta section ot
the act approved July 14,1302, "maluns appropri-
ations for the naval service tor the year•piidnis June
.'ill, 18',3, and for other pim>o=e%' as allow s to per-
sons m the naval service hvc cents per day m lieu ot
41st Coxa. 2d Sesis.—.No, 302.
the spirit ration, is hereby repealed; and from and
after tha,t day thirty cents shall in a,ll cases be deemed
the commutation price of the Navy ratioa.
The amendment was agreed to 
The next amendment reported by Mr. Drake,
fjpom the Committee on ISfaval Affairs, was to
insert the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after tho 30th day of June, 1870, the rate of pay of
officers of the Navy then on the retired list shall,
when they are not on duty, be one half of the highest
pay herein authorized for officers of their respective
grades; hut this shall not apply where a retired offi-
cer was promoted under the authority of the ninth
section of the act to amend certain acts in relation
to the Navy, approved March 2,1867, but every such
officer shall be entitled to pay at the rate of one half
of the highest pay herein provided for officers of the
grade in which he stood when that act was passed;
and retired third assistant engineers shall continue
to receive the same rate of pay they have received
up to the time of the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentreportedby Mr. Drake,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the rate of
pay of any officer placed on the retired list alter the
80th day of June, 1870, shall, when he is not on duty,
be one half ol the pay to which he would, under this
act, be entitled at the time of his being placed on
said list, if he were on duty at sea. No officer here-
after promoted on the retired list shall be entitled
by his promotion to any increase of pay; but this
shall not prevent his receiving, when ordered to
duty, the same pay and ration as an officer of his
gradeon the active listwouldreceiveif on such duty.
Mr. DRAKE. I will call the attention of the
honorable Senator from Maine to the fact that in
connection with this section is the proper place
for bringing in the amendment which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations proposed concerning
the employment of retired officers, and which
was passed over through the courtesy of that
Senator. Tt can be presented now, or it can
be presented in the Senate, just as the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations may
deem most proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As the Senate
is now thin, I think it better to make that
motion in the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentreportedby Mr. Drake,
from the Committee 011 Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That no officer
shall, by reason or on account of misconduet, be
placed on the retired list; but he shall be brought to
trial by court-martial for such misconduct; nor shall
any lieutenant commander, lieutenant, master, en-
sign, midshipman, passed assistant surgeon, passed
assistant paymaster, passed assistant engineer, assist-
ant surgeon, as&istant paymaster, or assistant, engi-
neer be placed on the retired list, except on account
of physical or mental disability.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ncxtamendmentreportedby Mr. Drake
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section:
8eo.—. And be it further enacted, That the pay of
an officer of the Navy, upon his original entry into
the service, except where he is required to give an
official bond, shall eommonce upon the date of his
acceptance of his appointment; but where he is re-
quired to give such bond his pay shall commence
upon the date of the approval of his bond by the
proper authority. The increased pay of a promoted
officer shall commence from the date of his commis-
sion ; but if an officer of a class subject to examina-
tion before promotion shall be absent on duty, and
by reason of such absence or of other cause not in-
volving fault on his part, shall not be examined at
the time required by law or regulation, and shall
afterward be examined and found qualified, the
increased rate of pay to which his promotion would
entitle him shall commence t'rum the date when he
would have been entitled to it had he been exam-
ined and found qualified at the time so required by
law or regulation ; and this rule shall apply to any
cases of this description which may have heretofore
occurred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentreportedby Mr. Drake,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional sections
yFC _ And be it father enacted, That any officer
of the Navy on the active list below the giade of
commander, who, upon examination for promotion,
shall not be found professionally qualified, shall be
suspended from promotion for one year, with cor-
responding loss of date, when he shall be reexam-
ined, and in case of his failure upon such reexam-
ination, he shall be dropped from the servicc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ncxtamendmentreportedby Mf. Drake,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section:
Si'jc.—. And be it farther enacted. That no promo-
tion to the grade of lieutenant commander "on the
active list shall be made until the number in said
grade isreduced below eighty; and thereafter eighty
shall be the number allowed bylaw on said list; and
when the number of lieutenant commanders shall
have been so reduced section live of the act to de-
fine the number and regulate the appointment of
officers in the Navy, and for otherpurposes, approved
July 25,1866, shall stand repealed. And as the number
of lieutenant commanders is reduced, the number
of lieutenants shall be increased, until tho number
in the grade of lieutenants oil the active list shall be
two hundred and eighty, which shall thereafter be
the number of lieutenants allowed by law on said
list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by Mr. Drake,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. —, And be it further enacted, That the num-
ber of masters and ensigns on the active list author-
ized by law is hereby lixed and established at one
hundred in each grade; and ensigns shall hereafter
be steerage officers, unless assigned to duty a3 watch
and division officers; but this shall not be construed
as vacating the commission of any master or ensign
now in the service..
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmenfcreported by Mr. Drake,
from the Committee on Naval AiFan-s, was to
insert the following us an additional section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That until the
number of passed assistant paymasters shall have
been reduced below tlmty there shall be no promo-
tion to that grade, nor any appointment to the grade
of assistant paymaster; and after such redaction
shall have taken place the number in each of said
grades shall not, exceed thirty in the former and
twenty in the Litter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentreportedby Mr. Drake,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs,_ was to
add the following as an additional section :
Sec. —. Andl)p It further enacted. That the students
in the Naval Academy shall hereafter be styled cadet
midshipmen; and thev shall be selected and ap-
pointed as prescribed in the eighth section oi the
act to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy,
passed March 2, 3867, and shall be subject to the
la\v> applicable to the studcnr&at said Academy, .nid
receive the p; y therein prescribed; but this shah
not be construed to aurhonze the appointment of
cadet midshipmen from among boys enlisted in the
Navy. When cadet midshipmen shall have'paHed
successfully tho graduating examination at said
Academy they shall receive appointment.' as mid-
shipmen, lankiug according to merit, ar.d may bo
promoted to the grade of ensign as vacancies in the
number allowed by law in that grade may occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by Mr. Drakl',
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, ^was to
add the following as an additional section :
Si:c. —. A nd be it further enacted. That all acts or
parts of acts authorizing the. appointment of tem-
porary acting officers in the Navy be, and the same
<oe hereby, repealed, except as to assistant sur-
geons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by Mr. Da \ kk,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an adddional section :
Skc.—. And be it further enacted. That summary
courts-martial may be ordered upon petty officers
and persons of inferior ratings by the commandants
of navy-yards, naval stations, and marine barracks,
in the cases, under the regulations, and with the
effect provided lor and specified in the act to provide
a more efficient discipline fur the Navy, approved
JIareh 2,1855.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment reported by Mr. D rake,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section:
Skc.—. And be it further cnccted, Thfi.t the .mint
resolution to facilitate tho settlement, of accounts of
disbursing officers, approved March 2, 1807, sSiaU
not be construed to apply to ui-duu^ius officers oi
the Navy; but such offi.-ers shall rt-ndor their ac-
counts as the same were rerdoiod botore thop'^-sage
of said joint resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment repotted by Mr. Drakk,
