3874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
are twenty-three sections in this bill, twenty-
one of which relate to powers and to purposes
outside both'the fourteenth and fifteenth arti-
cles of'amendment. They might be better and
more' truly denominated twenty-one sections
designed to perpetuate the power of the Repub-
lican party in this country.
In my judgment that is the purpose of all
those sections. It is imposible to turn to any
one of them without finding violations of es-
tablished principles of law. I will invite atten-
tion briefly to one of those sections. The
fifteenth section of this bill undertakes to cre-
ate a new offense, a new misdemeanor, and a
new punishment. Not only by deposition from
office in the ease of any person who shall hold
office in violation of the provisions of the third
section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution, but also by declar-
ing such person guilty of a misdemeanor and
subjecting him to indictment and prosecution
in a Federal court, and to trial, conviction, and
fine not exceeding $1,000, and imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, in the judg-
ment of the court.
In what does the crime consist for which
these punishments are to be inflicted ? I wish
some gentleman would point out to me in what
element or part of such an act he can find
moral' turpitude or wrong or dishonesty, or
anything worthy of such punishments. He is
chosen or appointed to the office by reason of
his recognized intelligence, fitness, and qual-
ification, his conceded integrity and purity of
personal character ; and in order to promote
the best interests of society, in order to carry on
and maintain civil government, in order to pro-
tect the rights ofperson and property, he accepts
the office to which he is chosen or appointed.
He enters into it, and proceeds to perform
its duties in precise accordance with the laws
of his State and of the United States, except
only the inhibition against his holding office,
which is contained in the third section of the
fourteenth article of the constitutional amend-
ments. On what principle of human justice
would you denounce against a citizen thus act-
ing these severe and repeated and most excess-
ive penalties and prosecutions ? I am utterly
unable to understand on whatprinciple of right
it can be justified. Such legislation seems to
nie to mock the spirit of the age, to be inhuman
and barbarous, and a direct and most cruel
thrust at the very existence of well-regulated
government.
But I must stop, for I desire to yield the
balance of my, time to gentlemen around me.
I now yield ten minutes to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. . I do not profess to be able to
discuss this measure in ten minutes, but as
the people I represent are perhaps as much
interested in its defeat and will be as much
oppressed by its passage as the people of any
other section, I desire to enter my protest
against it, as being fraught with evil, and evil
only. I desire to protest against the action
of the conference committee, and especially
the majority of the conferees on the part
of the House, for having abandoned the hill
passed by the House, and not only adopted
the more odious and oppressive measure passed
by the Senate, but because they have framed
and adopted new legislation, which neither the
House nor the Senate ever thought of, in order
to make it more iniquitous still.
I have before objected, and shall hereafter
still more strenuously object, to these commit-
tees of conference, whereby the absolute right
to legislate without restriction or control is
vested in two Radical members of each House,
who are generally known beforehand to be
willing to go any lengths to carry out what-
ever scheme it may be desired to put through.
This report is a specimen. The bill which left
us was simply a bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment, and we had a right to suppose the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bikcham] would
insist on maintaining it in that form; instead
of that it is abandoned, and he urges us to pass
this bill of abominations hatched and con-
cocted in the conference committee-room, in
part, at least, which pretends to reenact the
infamous civil rights bill, and enforce the four-
teenth as well as the fifteenth amendment. We
are required to swallow it all at one dose. I
have no doubt we will be compelled to do it.
There never was as much iniquity crowded
into one measure before. Under pretense
of enforcing the fourteenth amendment the
fifteenth section of this act imposes fines of
$1,000, and imprisonment of a year, if the court
sees fit to so order, against all persons whom
the courts may think hold any office, however
insignificant, in violation of that amendment.
If a man was a constable before the war and
is a constable now, without first determining
by any legal procedure whether he is ineligible,
he is fined and imprisoned if any perjured
scoundrel who wants his place proves any facts
on him which enables a Radical judge to say
that he held the office in violation of this
amendment.
Section sixteen annuls all the State laws reg-
ulating evidence in the State courts and im-
poses heavy fines and prolonged imprison-
ment on any judge of a State court who does
not violate his oath and disregard the consti-
tution and laws of his State, which he has
solemnly sworn to maintain and support. In
its whole scope and intent it does violence even
to the fifteenth amendment, which it pretends
to enforce. The States, even the most Radical
of them, when they adopted that amendment
never dreamed that they were divesting them-
selves of all authority, not only over their local
elections, but over all questions of personal
difference between their citizens growing out
of them ; in short, making themselves the mere
serfs and tools of Congress, as they are made
by this bill.
The fifteenth amendment, conceding to it
all the validity and authority its friends ever
claimed, did not pretend to do more than grant
equal rights, as to suffrage, to all men, regard-
less of race, color, or previous condition. The
bill now before us seeks to give the negro rights,
safeguards, and remedies which are withheld
from the white man. The whites are left sub-
ject to all the persecutions and appliances
which their employers, creditors, or those on
whom their poverty or wants make them de-
pendent, while the rights of the negro are not
only guarded by every device, but their em-
ployers and all who are brought in contact with
them as landlords or otherwise are at their
mercy. It is an eflfort to degrade the white
and elevate the negro race. Look at the fifth
section of the bill. It provides—
That if any person shall prevent, hinder, control,
or intimidato, or shall attempt to prevent, hinder,
control, or intimidate any porson from exercising or
111 exercising the right of suffrage, to whom tho right
of suffrage is secured or guarantied by tho fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
by means of bribery, threats, or throats of depriving
suoli person of employment or occupation, or of eject-
ing such person from rented house, lands, or other
property, or by threats of refusing to renew leases or
contracts for labor, or by threats of violence to him-
self or family, such p.erson so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be fined not less than $500 or be im-
prisoned not less than one month and not more than
one year, or both, at the discretion of the court.
"Any person to whom the right of suffrage
is secured or guarantied by the fifteenth
amendment." Why was not the language so
framed as to protect from this control or intim-
idation all persons entitled to the right of suf-
frage, regardless of race, color, or previous
condition, so as to give the poor white man the
benefit of the provision? Such was not the
intention. The provision was intended to
apply solely to those to whom the right of
suffrage is granted by the fifteenth amendment,
leaving the great manufacturers of Lynn, Low-
ell, Lawrence, and other establishments in the
North and East to turn out of employment
their poor laborers, to make them beggars, as
one half of them would be if thrown out of
employment for two weeks, unless they will
agree to vote- for the men who will sustain
on this floor banks, bondholders, tariffs, and
monopolies. This conference committee cares
nothing for the oppression that may be ex-
erted upon the white man ; their protection
is limited to those on whom the right of suf-
frage is conferred by the fifteenth amendment.
Tell me not that this is an oversight. It was
done intentionally, with malice prepense, in
order to leave the ''poor white trash," as they
are considered by the Radical monopolists of
the country, at the mercy of the men upon
whom they are compelled to rely for bread
for their helpless families. Not one word is
there for their protection.
Let one of them be ejected from a rented
house, deprived of employment or occupation,
threatened or otherwise maltreated because he
voted the Democratic ticket, and let him insti-
tute proceedings under this bill, and on the
plea being filed that he was not one of those
"to whom the right of suffrage is secured or
guarantied by the fifteenth amendment," there
is not a Radical judge in the United States who
would not give it that construction, and the
framers of the bill know it well and intend that
it shall be so construed.
Sir, the object and purpose of this whole
thing is, as I have stated, to elevate and raise
up the negro, and to humiliate and degrade
the white man. Instead of securing equal pro-
tection to all it is class legislation against the
great white race to which we all belong.
I simply desire to call the attention of the
House and the country to the real character
of this measure. I know we cannot stop it.
"Whom the gods wish to destroy they first
make mad 1" Go on; degrade your own race.
hold the white laboring man in the manufac-
turing establishments of the North under the
heel of his employer, and force him to vote for
the men who are here sustaining monopolies,
banks, bonds, tariff bounties, and class legis-
lation of every kind and character; continue
to do these things in defiance of every principle
of right and justice; attempt to strike out the
life and soul of our free institutions ; foster and
build up the negro race, and strike down your
own, and there will soon come a time when
the people of this country, however long suffer-
ing, will rise up in their might and hurl from
their places the party now in power and give
the reins of the Government into the hands of
men who will faithfully maintain the rights of
all men, but, unlike the party on the other
side of this House, think a white man is quite
as good as ai negro.
There is one consolation in all this. Negroes
who desire to vote the Democratic ticket will
have a chance to %p so hereafter without being
intimidated, beaten, and driven from the polls,
as they have been in Washington, under your
noses, and doubtless with the approval of the
majority, and all over the South, by bands of
negroes who are cajoled into loyal leagues,
their brains inflamed by bad whisky and worse
advice furnished by their white Radical allies,
and induced to commit all sorts of outrages ou
the negroes who differ with them. We will
have no trouble hereafter of that sort. If so,
the jails_ and penitentiaries of the southern
States will soon be filled with your colored
Radical loyal-leaguers and their more depraved
white aiders and abettors. No, gentlemen; all
your efforts will fail; you cannot with impunity
trample upon this great white race. They '
remember the struggle for the Magna Charta,
rpi? RiShts> an'' habeas corpus.
Ihey have sucked Democratic principles from
their mothers' breasts, and every step along
the pathway of life has fostered and strength-
ened their devotion to them. Connecticut and
New York have responded already in con-
demnation of your course, and State after
State will swell the onward march of the col-
umn, if, as I doubt not, this people are fit to
be free.
I know that there are many Republicans who
