1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
'TheSPEAKER. The Chairwould consider
it a bill of a public nature, and it would not be
in order under this call.
MRS. MARGARET BONNAFFON.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
476) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Bonnaffon,
mother of the late Lieutenant A. B. Bonnaffon,
with the recommendation that it do not pass;
and the same was laid on the table.
JOSEPH W. JOHNSON.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of Joseph
W. Johnson for a special act of relief; and the
same was laid on the table.
LOT 8. BAYLESS.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of Lot
S. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant Marcus
Bay less, deceased, praying compensation for
the military services rendered by said officer;
aud the same was laid on the table.
WILLIAM A. SCOTT.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1100) for the :
relief of William A. Scott, late first lieutenant
company F, fourteenth regiment Illinois volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask that the bill be put!
upon its passage, and demand the previous
question.
The bill, which was read at length, author-
izes and directs the Paymaster General of the
United States to pay to William A. Scott, late
first lieutenant of company F, fourteenth regi- [
ment Illinois volunteers, t'uil pay as such first i
lieutenant during the time he shall prove to
the satisfaction of the Department that he ac-
tually served in that capacity, and for which
he has never received pay.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOURTH ARKANSAS VOLCNTEERS.
Ur. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 121) providing for the payment of the
fourth Arkansas mounted infantry volunteers,
with a substitute therefor.
The question was on agreeing to the substi-
tate.
The substitute, which was read, directs the
Secretary of War, upon the possession of evi-
dence of service which to him may seem satis-
factory, to cause to be investigated the claims
of the forces known as the fourth Arkansas
mounted infantry, enlisted for twelve months
under the authority of Major General Fred-
erick Steele, in northwestern Arkansas, dated
October 23, 1863; and if he finds the troops
performed actual service he shall cause the
officers and soldiers thereof to be paid at the
same rates for actual services rendered while
absent from their homes as was allowed by
law to other volunteer forces in the military
service at the same time ; and in estimating
the amount due the said force the officers and
non-commissioned officers thereof shall be paid
under the mustering regulations of the Army
in force at the time the regiment was under
recruitment. And no allowance shall be made
lor any troops who did not perform actual mil-
itary service in'full cooperation with and subject
to the orders of the United States authorities.
Mr. ROOTS. Mr. Speaker, this is an act
E1® ple justice to loyal men who really served
as soldiers in the Union Army. Their services
were most faithful and praiseworthy. Loyal
men were^hey, whose love of their country
induced them to leave their homes to the mer-
cies of the enemy and rally to tho support of the
flag they loved. They deserve the gratitude
of their country. But all that is asked in this
bill is demanded by common honesty. To
longer defer the payment of these men for
actual services rendered, is a wrong of which
the Government cannot afford to be guilty. Let
the bill become a law at the earliest possible
moment, and let the payment be commenced
just as quick thereafter as the proper rolls can
'be obtained.
J Mr. SLOCUM. I now call for the previous
! question.
i The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
| tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
i Thejointresolution, asamended,was ordered
; to be engrossed and read a third time; and,
| being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
| third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
| by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
! The latter motion was agreed to.
I MONUMENT AT WEST POINT.
| Mr. SLOCUM also, from the Committee on
I Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
j mendation that it do pass, the joint resolution
i (H. R. No. 122) donating captured cannon for
the purpose of constructing a monument at
West Point, New York.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to deliver to Professor A. E. Church,
treasurer of the Battle Monument committee,
fifty guns captured from the rebels, to be used
in the construction of a monument at West
Point, New York, in memory of the officers
and soldiers of the regular Army who fell in
the late war, and in the ornamentation of the
grounds around said monument.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following petitions ;
and the same were laid on the table:
.The petition of R. D. Mussey, lata captain
nineteenth infantry, United States Army, and
colonel one hundredth United States colored
infantry;
The petition of Daniel M. Page, first lieu-
tenant thirty-eighth regiment United States
infantry, asking to be relieved frotn account'
ability for the sum of $420 of funds belonging
to the subsistence department and stolen from
him.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the petitions were laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OF CITIZENS OF KANSAS.
On motion of Mr. ASPER, the Committeeon
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 115)author-
izing the appointment of commissioners and the
settlement of claims of citizens of Kansas; and
the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
NAPOLEON B. GIDDING3.
Mr. ASPER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with the recom- j
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1009) for the relief of Napoleon B, Giddings. I
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of War to pay to Napoleon B. Giddings
out of any appropriations heretofore made or
that may hereafter be made for ordnance and
ordnance stores, $4,200, in full for powder
taken by military order from his possession
at Saata F6 during the Mexican war, on proof
being furnished of the seizure of said powder-
and that no payment has been made for the
same.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report accom-
panying the bill ?
Mr. ASPER. There is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be read.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that in 1847 the claimant was a merchant at
Santa F6,New Mexico; that Colonel Sterling
Price was in command of the army of occupa-
tion there, and as such issued an order, dated
at the headquarters of the army of New Mex-
ico, January 21,1847, directing all merchants
in Santa F6 having powder and lead to label
the same and turn the same over to the ord-
nance officer, who was directed to store the
same; and such ammunition could afterward
only be drawn out on a permit signed by the
commanding officer; that the claimant, hav-
ing one hundred and forty kegs of powder in
the possession of Colburn & Smith, the same
were turned over to A. B. Dyer, ordnance
officer, who gave his receipt therefor, bearing
date January 21, 1847; that the said deliv-
ery was compulsory and against the consent
of the owner ; and that it was in an enemy's
country, and in the opinion of military author-
ities there at the time, there was a necessity
for the order of Colonel Price, and for the
storage of the powder in the magazine, under
the control of the commandant of the place;
that afterward, when Mr. Giddings was about
to_ leave Santa F6, he made demand for a per-
mit for a redelivery of the powder, but he was
refused such order, and the presumption arises
that the Government has used the powder.
Under these circumstances, the committee
believe that Mr. Giddings has a just claim
against the Government for his powder. The
account for same is as follows: 140 kegs pow-
per, of 20 pounds each, 2,800 pounds, which,
at $1 60 per pound, makes a Bum of $4,200;
but as the claimant never furnished evidence
to_ complete his claim until recently, the com-
mittee do not believe that he should be allowed
interest.
Mr. ASPER. I move the previous question.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire whether
the point of order cannot be raised on this
bill tnat it makes an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make the
point of order now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is it in
order to move to refer the bill to a Committee
of the Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order if the House shall not sustain the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Well, I
hope it will not be sustained. This is an old
claim, twenty-two years old.
On seconding the previous question there
were only four votes in the affirmative.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. H. RUTHERFORD AND GEORGE KAIN9.
Mr. ASPER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 145) for the relief of William H. Ruther-
ford and George Kains; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
