1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
War to pay or cause to be paid to William H.
Rutherford, out of any money appropriated
for the pay of the Army, the sum of $325,
deducting therefrom Jhe amount paid to him
as compensation for travel and subsistence
when mustered out, and to pay or cause to be
paid to George Kains the said sum, or as much
thereof as the distance traveled from Denver
City, Colorado, to the place of his enrollment
bears to the distance from Camp Douglas Re-
treat to his place of enrollment, and the amount
paid to him for travel and subsistence when
mustered out.
Mr. ASPER. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. i
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote ;
by which the joint resolution was passed; and i
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table. |
The latter motion was agreed to. i
l
ROCK ISLAND S0LDIB113' MONOMENT. j
Mr.WITCHER, from the Committee on Mjli- j
tary Affairs, reported back,with a recommenda- j
lion that the same do pass, House bill No. 195,
to authorize the Secretary of War to place at j
the disposal of the soldiers' monument com-
mittee of Rock Island county, Illinqis, certain
condemned ordnance.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre.
tary of War to place at the disposal of the sol-
diers' monument committee, at Rock Island,
Illinois, twelve pieces of condemned ordnance
from the arsenal at Rock Island, for the pur-
pose of completingthesoldiers' monument and
appurtenances at Rock Island.
Mr. MAYNARD. " We have already passed ,
a bill to appropriate fifty pieces of rebel ord-
nance for a similar purpose. This proposition |
is to appropriate twelve pieces of condemned {
ordnance at Rock Island arsenal. Does it
contemplate that twelve pieces shall hereafter
be condemned for thisjmrpose, or is there now
some condemned ordnance there which it is pro •
posed to take? We have disposed of a great
deal of our old material since the war, and we
should see to it that we do not go beyond the
amount we have, otherwise we will "have to
condemn some good ordnance for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HAWLEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] that there is
considerable condemned ordnance now at Rock
Island arsenal.
Mr. MAYNARD. How much?
Mr. HAWLEY. I suppose there are a hun-
dred pieces condemned, and probably six
hundred pieces in all thereof cannon captured
from the rebels during the war. There has
been a monument erected at Rock Island by
citizens at a cost from eight to ten thousand
dollars. All that is proposed by this bill is to
take some twelve peices of this condemned rebel
cannon for parts of a fence to be erected around
that monument.
_ Mr. MAYNARD. I think it may be a good
piece of economy to pass this bill, for we shall
probably never get anything for this ordnance
and will have to pay considerable to keep it
bright and scoured up.
Mr. WITCHER. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WITCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT h. D. BURCHFIELD.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported back, with
a recommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 28, for the relief of RoDert L. D.
Burchfield.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General to pay to Robert L. D. Burch-
field, late Becond lieutenant of company D,
third North Carolina mounted infantry, the
full pay and allowances of a second lieutenant
of infantry for the time during which he shall
make satisfactory proof that he actually served
in that capacity without pay.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM A. RUCKER.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, also reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1101) for the relief of William A.
Rucker; which was read a first and second
time.
The question waB upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War to muster and pay William
A. Rucker, late second lieutenant of company
B, of the third North Carolina infantry, as
second lieutenant for such time as he shall
make satisfactory proof that he served in that
capacity without pay.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RETURN OF DISCHARGE PAPERS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, also reported a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the return of
evidence of honorable discharge to officers;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that in all cases where it has become
necessary for any officer of the Army to file
his evidence of honorable discharge from the
military service of the United States to secure
the settlement of his accounts, the accounting
officer with whom it has been filed shall, upon
application of such officer, deliver to him such
evidence of honorable discharge, providing his
accounts shall have been duly settled; and this
provision shall also extend to the discharge of
enlisted men.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the thira
time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I am directed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to report
back a bill and various petitions in relation to
furnishing artificial limbs to soldiers. As this
subject has already been acted on by the House
I move that the bill be laid on the table, and
that the petitions be sent to the Senate to ac-
company the House bill which has already gone
there.
The motion was agreed to; and the follow-
ing-named bill and petitions were disposed of
accordingly:
A bill (H. R. No. 690) to provide artificial
limbs to soldiers who lost their limbs while
serving in the Union Army during the late
rebellion;
Petition of citizens of Ashtabula county,
Ohio, with reference to artificial limbs;
Petition of maimed soldiers of South Bend,
Indiana, asking that the Government supply
them with artificial limbs to replace those now
worn out by use;
Petition of disabled soldiers of Auburn,
Cayuga county, New York, on the same subject;
Petition of maimed soldiers of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on the same subject;
Petition of Patrick Murphy and thirteen
others, inmates of the National Asylum at Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, for the enactment of a law
furnishing wooden legs to soldiers once in five
years;
Petition of soldiers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, praying Con-
gress to give them artificial limbs every five
years;
Petition of similar purport from disabled
soldiers of Hitchcock county, Ohio;
Petition on the same subject from Hiram
Smith and others, of Midbury, Vermont;
Petition of Isaac W. Clinger and eighty-five
others, of Gallia county, Ohio, of similar pur-
port;
Petition on the same subject from citizens
of Elmira, New York; and
Petition of similar purport from William
Clavis and other honorably discharged sol-
. diers of the Union Army.
OFFICERS, ETC.,DEFECTIVELY MUSTERED.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. The Committee
on Military Affairs have directed me to report
back various bills, resolutions, and petitions
proposing to authorize the payment of parties
m the military service who failed to be mus-
tered in or who were defectively mustered. I
am instructed to move that these papers be
laid on the table, as the House has already
passed and sent to the Senate a bill on this
subject.
The motion was agreed to; and the following-
named bills, resolutions, and petitions were
accordingly laid on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 443) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant J. H. Lucia, company H, seventeenth
regiment Vermont volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Cap-
tain John W. Gall;
A bill (H. R. No. 392) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant William H. Needham, late of twenty-
second Iowa infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 618) for the relief of Robert
Dennison;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 79) for the relief
of Edward P. Johnson; _
Petition of Salina Cole, widow of S. V. ii.
Cole, deceased, for the passage^ of a law en-
abling her to obtain moneys equitably due her
for services of her husband as a lieuteuant in
the ninth regiment New York heavy artillery;
The memorial of John Burke, late first lieu-
tenant company F, seventy-third Ohio volun-
teers, praying for arrears of pay and three
months' extra pay;
Petition of Charles Arnois for jfcy as second
