1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4819
Mr, ANTHONY. But I suppose, if it would
suit my friend from Maine as well, there might
be a reduction in that large item of $150,000,
and this appropriation made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will be
open in the Senate if the Senator chooses to
reopen it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, of which notice has been given to the
Committee on Appropriations:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $250,000
is hereby appropriated, to bo expended under tho
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, for the pur-
pose of commencing tho construction of a movable
floating dock for the dockage and repair of vessels
of war on the southern coast of the United States and
elsewhere.
I will say that that is earnestly recommended
by the Navy Department in a letter to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and this amend-
ment was drawn at tho earnest solicitation of
the Secretary of the Navy. As it now is, if
any vessel of war breaks a shaft or in any other
way needs repairs which cannot be made at
sea, it has to be taken home and sent to Phila-
delphia, or New York, or Boston for repairs.
The Secretary of the Navy says that if we had
this floating dock that could be used at Key
West, in one year'stime the savingof expense
would be enough to construct the dock. That
is the opinion at the Navy Department, and I
submit this amendment for the consideration
of the Senate. It proposes an appropriation
of $250,000 to commence the construction of
this floating dock. It will cost, undoubtedly,
$1,000,000 to complete this dock. I do not
wish the Senate to be under any misapprehen-
sion. It is a question whether we will author-
ize-this work or not. I am fully satisfied that
it is a very important matter, and my judgment
is that it ought to be done.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to have
somewhere a floating dock, not simply for
repairing, but we ought to have in this country
a place somewhere where we could build a ship
of the magnitude and dimensions now required
by our ocean commerce. We have not got it.
You cannot build an iron ship in America of
three thousand tons burden. They are built
on the Clyde. They have facilities by which
they can build an iron ship of three thousand
tons. It cannot be done in this country at pres-
ent. You cannot build an iron ship and slide
it down an inclined plane to the ocean. You
have got to have a floating dock; you have to
build it where it can be letdown into the ocean.
Congress ought to provide at this session, some-
where in the United States, a place to build
iron ships. 1 do not mean iron-clad ships now;
but iron steamers for our service on the ocean
of three or four thousand tons burden. It can-
not be done now, as I have said. I do not
expect to do anything on this appropriation
bill; but 1 want to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that we must cither abandon
building large iron ships in this country or build
a dock somewhere.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand the Senator
to say that all iron ships are built upon float-
ing docks?
Mr. POMEROY. All large ones must be
built so. I suppose a small one might bo
built and let down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent  .
Mr. POMEROY. I do not intend to yield
to anybody, because I do not want to occupy
time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does occupy time.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to call attention
to the fact that something should be done in
this department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems that
tho whole Navy has got to be discussed in this
bill; and if so I may as well abandon it first
as last. This is a new matter. I think it is
altogether probable that it is a proper thing to
do; but ought it not to be considered and pre-
sented to the Senate in some way that the
Senate can have some judgment upon it? It
is just as impossible as anything can be fur
the Senate now to know whether thisis a proper
thing to do; and the probabilities are so remote
of this sticking in the bill that I suggest to my
honorable friend from New Hampshire whether,
after what has been put on, he had not better
withdraw it.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not intend to press this
amendment very strenuously, though my own
judgment is strongly in favor of it. It came
to me so late that I am not able to state all
the facts and circumstances, and if the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations ap-
peals to me to withdraw the amendment, I shall
feel like doing it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very much
inclined to the opinion of the Senator, that the
thing is a proper thing to do: but at this stage
of the session and on this bill, after what has
been put on it, I think it will lead to so much
discussion in another quarter that there will
be no probability of getting it through.
Mr. CRAGIN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Seuatorfrom In-
diana proposes again to move an executive
session, I shall have to demand the regular
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I should like to have this bill
taken into the Senate first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
further amendments to be offered, the bill will
be reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I demand the reg-
ular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (IT. R. No.
2201) to amend the naturalization laws and to
punish crimes against the same.
Mr. MORTON. I renew the motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question, the Chair will state that this
evening at half past seven o'clock has been
set apart for the consideration of the bill (II.
R. No. 1714) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copyrights.
The Chair understands that the naturalization
bill is to be the unfinished business for to-
morrow. If there be no objection, it will be so
ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. Has there been any time
appointed for the taking of a recess to-day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been.
There is to be a recess at half past four o' clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The under-
standing is that no other business but patent
business is to be considered this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is tho only
business that can be entertained except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROV. There is no such under-
standing. This evening is set apart for the
business of the Committee on Patents; but
they have two or three other bills on which
they desire action as well as the one referred to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the Senator from
Indiana if lie will not allow us to take up now
the resolutions in regard to Cuba? I under-
stand that my friend from California [Mr.
Cassekly] will not occupy much time.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that will not be
done now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire if the naval
appropriation bill has been disposed of?
'Die VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
It has been passed over, the pending question
upon if being on concurring in the Senate in
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, pending which the Senator from New
York demanded, the regular order, calling up
the naturalization bill, which was passed over
informally, and the Senator from Indiana now
moves to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
OKDEIt OP BUSINESS.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator from West Virginia, I should like to call
up the Duluth bill this evening. I will not do
it unless he consents to it.
Mr. WILLEY. I have been solicited by five
or six Senators to give way for special bills ;
but I have been under the unpleasant neces-
sity of declining thus far. I regret to do so,
but I cannot discriminate in favor of one
against another.
Mr. NYE. I ask tho Senator from West
Virginia to give way, and let me call up Senate
bill No. 428.
Mr. WILLEY. I. have just stated that I
have been under tho unpleasant necessity of
declining similar requests from four or five
Senators. I should be glad to oblige Senators;
but, if they will be patient, I think iu the
course of an hour and a half I shall be able
to get through.
Mr. POMEROY. There are very few Sen-
ators here, and I suggest to the Senator to have
his bill read through now.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, wo had better make
hay while the sun shines.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thoxy in the chair.) The Senator from West
Virginia declines to give way.
Mr. McCREERY. I ask tho Senator from
West Virginia to consent to allow me to pre-
sent a couple of petitions.
Mr. WILLEY. I yield for that purpose.
petitions.
Mr. McCREERY. I present the petition of
Joshua F. Bullitt, of Jefferson county, Ken-
tucky, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities. This petition is indorsed by Hon.
James G. Blaine, Speaker of the House of
Representatives.
1 also present the petition of P. II. Leslie,
of Glasgow, Barren county, Kentucky, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities.
This petition is indorsed by the leading Repub-
licans of his section of the country. I move
the reference of these petitions to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
The motion was agreed to.
patent and COrYJtlGIIl' laws.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 1714)
to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If itbe agree-
able to the Senate, the amendments of the
Committe on Patents will be considered as they
are reached in the reading of the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope that will be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, that course will be pursued.
The Chief Cierk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Patents was in section two, line two, to strike
out the woids "continue to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in section two,
line thirteen, to strike out the words " Secre-
tary of the Interior, upou nomination of the
