1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3875
think that it is necessary for the protection of
the recently emancipated colored race that they
should be placed in positions of power and influ-
ence, and made to feel that they are the equal,
at least, if not the superiors ; of their former
masters, who in turn would be degraded and
held down by Federal authority so that the
negro may feel safe in asserting his importance.
It is hard to suppose that any sane man, cer-
tainly any man with sense enough to belong to
this body, who really desires the welfare of the
negro race, can hope or expect to promote it
by forcing the negro into antagonism with the
whites,,either socially or politically. If they
were our equals in intelligence, in wealth, in
capacity for self-government, which every man
who does* not willfully deceive himself knows
they are not, still it would be folly and mad-
ness to do so. They are less than one tenth
of our present population, and in ten years will
sink into utter insignificance, isolated from all
the balance of their race, receiving no accre-
tions from any quarter, and incapable of receiv-
ing any, while the flood-gates of the world are
thrown open and unparalleled inducements
held out to swell the flood of the great and all-
conquering white race. We all know the tre-
mendous power of the prejudice, if you please
to call it so, of race and caste, if the issue is
made; and it seems to me ordinary humanity
would induce men of all shades of political
opinions to save the negro from such an issue.
But when to the insignificance of their num-
bers you add the fact that nine tenths of them
have just emerged from slavery, poor, ignorant,
and degraded, not one in a hundred of them
able to read or write, and without the means
of support for a week if they abandon their
daily toil, and of course wholly unfit for self-
government, far less for the management of
State affairs, the gross injustice to the poor
creatures becomes so painfully apparent that
even they are raising their voice against it, and
by their action in the Legislature of Missis-
sippi and elsewhere are begging and imploring
this Congress to remove all political disabili-
ties from and grant a general amnesty to the
whites. They know and feel that their only
safety and chance for protection consists in
their ability to live on terms of friendship with
their former masters, and on haying their sym-
pathy and support when poverty, sickness, or
distress in any form comes upon them. They
ought to know, if they have intelligence enough
to appreciate the situation, that nine tenths of
their race can be disfranchised at any time
when the white people of Kentucky, Maryland,
Tennessee, Arkansas, Missouri, North Caro-
lina, Georgia, indeed of all the States except
perhaps two, being in an overwhelming major-
ity, see fit to so change their State constitutions
as to make them conform to the present con-
stitution of the Slate of Massachusetts, which
provides that—
"No person shall have the right to vote, or be
eligible to any office under the constitution of this
Commonwealth, who shall not be able to read the
Constitution in the English language and write his
name."
And the white majority at the polls might be
immensely increased, if these States see fit
to adopt the provisions of the present consti-
tution of the State of Minnesota, which per-
mits all persons of foreign birth to vote in four
months after they land on ourshores who shall
have declared their intention to become citi-
zens of the United Stales, all of which changes
can, of course, be made whenever a majority
of the white people desire to do so, without
any infringement of either the letter or spirit
of the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments.
Why, 1 ask, in the face of such acknowledged
powers which can be exercised without even
the risk of diminished representation, should
the majority in this Congress, which professes
to be friendly to the negro, goad the people of
the southern States to exercise in self-protec-
tion the right they have to disfranchise in this
legitimate mode, all, or nearly all this class of
people, as will some day surely be done if they
are made mere party tools to do the bidding of
their pretended friends? But that is not the
worst feature of this bill. By it you are seek-
ing to overthrow all the reserved rights of the
States. You are placing in the hands of Con-
gress all matters growing out of State elections
in any form whatever. You are setting aside
the State courts, and in every way subjugating
the States. Worse than all, you are allowing
the order of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, here in Washington, as has been done
in the case of Georgia, to interfere with his
soldiers and set aside the constitutions and laws
of States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BECK. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] kindly allows me five minutes more ;
and before speaking of the danger of conferring
such power as this bill does on the President,
and how, in my opinion, he will use it, judging
from what he has done in that regard, 1 desire
to repeat that whenever Congress undertakes
to consolidate all this vast power in the Fed-
eral Government, and by the strong arm of
military authority coerce obedience, not against
individual offenders, but against States, in mat-
ters which relate wholly to their own internal
affairs and regulations, you have destroyed
civil liberty, State rights, and free republican
institutions. When the State courts can no
longer determine between two of its own citi-
zens, whether one has wrongfully discharged
the other from his employ, ejected him from
his premises, or by bribery, flattery, or threats
influenced his vote for constable or justice of
the peace, but the Federal courts must seize it
and the President and military must enforce it,
you have a consolidated despotism, and the
President of the United States is supreme.
I have no doubt the President will enforce
all your edicts and take all the power and
authority you see fit to confer upon him. He
has not only done so in the case of Georgia,
but he has seized upon the slight pretext given
him by the authority conferred by the seventh
section of the act of Congress of December
23, 1809, to annul and set at naught the con-
stitution and laws of that State whose validity
and binding authority he had before that time
repeatedly recognized, and installed General
Terry as military despot there. 1 do not intend
to make any charges against the President, but
when the Georgia bill is reported, and it ought
to have been a week ago, i will show, if I am
allowed, such a state of facts as will leave no
doubt, from what he has done there, that he
will freely use all the authority you may vest
him with to subordinate the civil to the mili-
tary authority anywhere.
The only clause in the Georgia bill of De-
cember last which in the remotest degree con-
ferred any authority on the President was the
seventh section, which reads thus:
"Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon the
application of the Governor of Georgia, the President
of the United States shall employ such military or
naval forces of the United States as may be neces-
sary to enforce and execute the preceding provis-
ions of this act.''
Yet, on the strength of that, he issued the
following order to General Terry:
[General Orders, No. 1.]
headquarters of the altmy,
Adjutant (tEXERal's Office,
Washington, January 4, lSTu.
By direction ofihe President of tho United State?,
so much ot General Orders, No. 103, dated headquar-
ters third military district, (department of (xeorgia,
Florida, and Alabama,) Atlanta, Georgia, ^July l2,
1868; and so much of General Orders, .No. o'>, dnt°d
headquarters of the Army, Adjutant General s Uince,
Washington, July 28,13d8, as refers to the btatc ot
Georgia is hereby countermanded. Brevet Major Gen-
eral Terry will, until further orders, exercise within
that State the powers of the commander of a mi htary
district, as provided by the act of March 2, lb>o<,and
the acts supplementary thereto, under hi? assign-
ment by General Orders. No. 83, dated headquarters
of the Army, Adiutant General's Olfice, ashington,
December 24-, 1869.
By order of General Sherman
Adjutant General.
The countermanded orders are as follows:
Headquarters Third Militarz District,
Atlanta, Geokgia, July 22, 1868.
General XT. S. Grant, Washington, JO. O.; > -
Yesterday the Governor-elect of Georgia notified
me officially that both Rouses of the General Assem-
bly of Georgia had by solemn act complied with- the
requisitions of the act of Congress which became, a
law June 25,186S; and to-day I have witnessed the
inauguration of the Governor-elect. The State of
Georgia is therefore, under the acts of Congress,
entitled to representation. The official documents
will be carried to-day by Brevet Brigadier General
E. C. Drum, sent to Washington for this purpose.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United Slates Army,
Then comes an order issued at Washington
city by General Grant himself, dated the 28th
of July, 1868:
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, July 28,18G8.
The following orders from the War Department,
which have been approved by the President, are
published for the information and government of
the Army and of all concerned:
The commanding generals of the second, third,
fourth, and fifth military districts having officially
reported that the States of Arkansas, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida have fully complied with the acts of Con-
gress known as the reconstruction acts, including the
act passed June 22,1868, entitled "An act to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Congress;"
and the act passed June 25,1868. entitled "An act to
admit the States of .North Carolina, South Carolina.
Louisiana. Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to repre-
sentation in Congress;" and that, consequently, so
much of the act of March 2,1887, and the acts sup-
plementary thereto, as provided for the organization
of military districts, subject to the military authority
of the United States as therein provided, has become
inoperative in said States; and that the commanding
generals hare ceased to exercise in said States tho
military powers conferred by said acts of Congress ;
therefore the following changes will be mad%in tho
organiza tion and command of military districts and
geographical departments. >■ t t * f
liy command of General Grant:
15. D. T0W5TSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Official: E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
And on the 12th of January General Sher-
man sent General Terry the following tele-
gram :
He vdquarters of the Armv.
Washington, January 12,187i).
General A. II. Terky, Commanding Department of
South, Atlanta, Georgia:
I answered your dispatch this day, and am assured
it was sent. I will sustain you in the exercise of any
authority that will maintain substantial good order
until the State of Georgia is recognized by the Exec-
utive and bv Congress. Even then some lawful means
will be found whereby we can defend our own friend*
against tho Kuklux or band of assa-sins.
I think the use of our soldiers should be limited
to maintaining the peacc while you personally are
vested with executive authority over Governor and
Legislature till the State is fully admitted. You, on
the spot, must be the judge of how far it is politic or
wise to interfere with the component parts of thu
Legislature-elect, or with their proposed legislation.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
Under these orders General Terry suspends
the writ of habeas corpus when he pleases,
denies citizens the right of trial by jury, takes
them from the civil courts, and tries them before
his military subordinates. He removes the
fudges elected by the people because of their
decisions. In short, he holds the lives, liberty,
and property of all the people of that State at
his mercy, in open defiance of the Constitution
and laws", and the President indorses and sus-
tains him. You need have no fear, therefore,
but that he will exercise all the authority given
him by this act, especially to prevent the election
of Democratic members of.Congress or a Dem-
ocratic President. That is the scope and effect
of this bill, and tbe country will soon so under-
stand it, and it will soon be obvious that yon
have only ruined the negroes you profess such
anxiety to protect. White men will be employed
in their places ; no man will keep about his
home a set of men to whom temptations art-
daily and hourly held out to become spies and
informers upon him, whose words will be taken
when he will not be heard.
By the third section of your billyou gi ve any
negro $500 who will make affidavit that be has
been mistreated by a judge or register, and you
hold out inducements to him, in every line ot it,
almost, if he is discharged for drunkenness,
