1869.] •
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Loughridge.
Ho. ob Reps.
to the United States Government and their
rights under it; declared themselves free and
independent States, and organized and set up
State governments in each.of such States hos-
tile to the United States; and for four years,
with mighty armies, waged a cruel and bloody
war against the United States Government,
destroying in that war the lives of a quarter of
a million of American citizens, soldiers, who
fought in defense of the Government. After
four years of war their armies were defeated
and crashed and their military power destroyed.
What, then, was their political status, what
their rights ?
On this question there were two theories.
The Democratic theory, that the men engaged
in this four years of rebellion and war had for-
feited no legal or constitutional rights or polit-
ical privileges; that they could at once step
back into their former position, resume all
their rights and privileges in the Union ; the
old politicians of the South, the men who had
organized the rebellion and upon whose souls
were its guilt, could at once return to this Cap-
itol, passing on their way hither the new-made
graves of two hundred and fifty thousand Fed-
eral soldiers, and take their seats without ques-
tion orhinderance in Congress, and participate
in making laws for the nation they had failed
to destroy only for want of power to do it. In
short, that treason was no crime involving pun-
ishment.
Opposed to this was the Republican theory
that by their rebellion and war the people of
those States forfeited all their rights and all
their political privileges; that they were with-
out any civil government whatever, they them-
selves having destroyed their original govern-
ments and set up new ones; and the new ones
having been destroyed by the military power
of the Government, that it thus became and
was the legal right and the duty of the United
States Governmentto prescribe the terms upon
which their forfeited rights should be restored.
Acting upon this theory Congress from time to
time exercised this authority, and prescribed
terms just and right in themselves and exceed-
ingly generous under the circumstances. None
of the guilty parties were put to death, none
punished ; not even the great leader and arch
traitor; and the only condition required of the
people was that they should, before being
remitted to their forfeited rights, organize and
establish State governments which should se-
cure to all the people of the States equal rights.
On this last of these two theories Congress
has conducted the reconstruction ofthose States;
and upon direct issues this course has been rati-
fied and sustained by the people, time aftertime,
so fully and decisively that opposition to it by
a party claiming to bow to the will of the peo-
ple ought, it seems to me, to cease. Upon that
issue the Fortieth Congress was elected and
upon that issue almost entirely this Congress
and this Administration were placed in power,
and they would be false to their pledges did
they not carry out this plan.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the question whether
after the war these States were in the Union
or whether they were out of the Union, it is
one of but little practical importance and is
simply a play upon words.
I do not understand that by the Republican
theory they were any of them out of the
Union, even when carrying on flagrant war.
They were out oftheir proper practical relations
with the Union, having voluntarily destroyed
their State governments and their right to
representation in Congress; yet they never
were out, never could get out, and the Repub-
lican party never went upon any such theory.
We denied their right to leave the Union ; and
by the stern and dread arbitrament of war it is
settled that no State ever can leave the Union ;
the Union is indissoluble. These States, I
repeat, were all the time in the Union, and
have been ever since. And yet their people
had forfeited their rights, and by the laws of war
and the laws of nations were subject to the will
of their conquerors. But it is urged here against
the exercise of this power in this case that by act
of Congress of June 25, 1868, the State was
admitted to representation upon certain con-
ditions, and that all those conditions were after-
ward complied with by the State ; and that
therefore Congress has now no more control over
the State. I deny that the State has fully and
in spirit complied with the conditions of said
act; but on the contrary, as I shall show here-
after, has so acted that the purpose and object
of such conditions, namely, the protection of
the loyal people of the State, has entirely
failed, and that therefore the State has no just
claim under said act.
But, sir, admitting for the sake of the argu-
ment that the State had fully complied with
the conditions of said act of 1868, and was
thereby restored to her right of representation,
there are still two reasons why Congress has the
power legally to exercise this authority :
First, by section four of article four of the
the Constitution of the United States—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in tliis Union a republican form of Government,
and shall protect each of them against invasion."
By this clause the people of each State are
secured protection from the United States:
first, against the invasion of their rights by the
State government; and second, against foreign
invasion. In either case it is equally the duty
of the United States to interfere and protect
the people.
To "guaranty," accordingtoWebster, means
'1 to make sure," "to warrant," "to secure
the performance of." Now, that this does not
apply merely to the original formation of the
State government is apparent from the fact
that it was made applicable to "every State in
the Union." There were then thirteen States;
they all had their State Governments, and yet
this provision was made to apply to all; on
the contrary this "guarantee" was to con-
tinue to all time, and to be exercised when-
ever the people of any State by any means are
deprived of republican government. This
power is given to the " United States," and the
last clause of section eight, article one, pro-
vides that Congress shall have power—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-
ers and all other powers vested by the Constitution
in the Government of the United States."
So that Congress has the power to make any
law necessary and proper to carry into execu-
tion the power given the " United States" of
guarantying a republican form of government
to Georgia, and it is of necessity for Congress
to say what law is necessary and proper and
when the occasion has arisen for the exercise
of this power.
But there is still another portion of the Con-
stitution which authorizes this action. The
fourteenth amendment, being article fourteen
of the Constitution, and to which Georgia gave
her assent, provides that—■
" All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of tho State in
which they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of tho United States," ' "
" nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws."
It provides further that—
"No person shall hold any office under any State
who having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution ot the United States, shall have en-
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against the samo
or given aid and comfort to its enemies."
And the last section of said amendment pro-
vides that—
"The Congress shall have power to enforce, by ap-
propriate legislation, the provisions of this article.
There is no doubt but that this legislation is
necessary to enforce the provisions of both sec-
tion one and section three of that article.
General Terry, the officer in command of
that military district, in a report dated August
14, 1869, says:
" i have delayed making the report thus called for
until the present time in order that i might become
acquainted with the condition of affairs in Georgia
before expressing any opinion in regard to them.
Now! have reluctantly come to the conclusion that
tho situation here demands the interposition of the
national Government, in order that life and property
may bo protected, freedom of speech and political
action secured, and tho rights and liberties of the
freedmen maintained.
" This opinion is based upon complaints made to
me, the reports of officers detailed to investigate
alleged outrages, and upon the statements of many
persons of respectability and high position from dif-
ferent parts of the State, in whose representations I
must repose confidence, some of whom have given
me information^ only under the pledge of secrecy,
the state of affairs in their section being such that
they feared the extreme of personal violenceshould
it become known that they had been in communica-
tion with me.
"In many parts of the State there is practically no
government. The worst of crimes arc committed,
and no attempt is made to punish those who commit
them. Murders have been and are frequent; the
abuse in various ways of tho blacks is too common
to excite notice. There can be no doubt of the
existence of numerous insurrectionary organizations
known as Kuklux Klans, who, shielded by their
disguise, by the secrecy of their movements, and by
the terror which they inspire, perpetrate crimes with
impunity. There is great reason to believe that in
some cases local magistrates are in sympathy with
the members of these organizations. In many places
they are overawed by them and dare not attempt to
punish them. To punish such offenders by civil pro-
ceedings would be a difficult task, even were magis-
trates in all cases disposed and had they tho courage
to do their duty, for tho same influences which govern
them equally affect juries and witnesses. A conver-
sation which I have had with a wealthy planter, a
gentleman of intelligence and education and a po-
litical opponent of the present national Administra-
tion, will illustrate this difficulty. While deploring
the lamentable condition of affairs in the county in
which ho lives, ho frankly admitted to mc that were
the most worthless vagabond in the country to be
charged with a crime against tho person of aliepub-
lican or a negro neither he nor any other person of
property within the county would dare refuse to givo
bail for tho offender, nor would they dare to testify
against him, whatever might be their knowledge of
his guilt.
"That very many of the crimes which havo been
committed havo no political bearing I believe; that
some of them were prompted by political animosity,
and that most of the numerous outrages upon freed-
men result from hostility to tho race, induced by
their enfranchisement, I think cannot be contro-
verted.
"The same difficulties which beset the prosecution
of criminals are encountered by negroes who seek
redress for civil injuries in the local courts. Magis-
trates dare not do their duty toward them, and
instances are not wanting where it has even been
beyond the power of a magistrate to protect a negro
plaintiff from violence in his own presence, while
engaged in the trial of his ease. I desire it to be
understood that in speaking of magistrates I in no
degree refer to tho judges of the superior courts;
they are gentlemon of high character. I havo every
confidence that they will do their duty fearlessly and
impartially, but it is to be observed that even they
cannot control grand and petit juries; they cannot
compel tho former to indict nor the latter to render
unprejudiced verdicts." ' * * 'i
" In conclusion, I desire to express my conviction
that tho only way to restore good order in tho State
is to resume military control over it for the time
being, and ultimately to provide by law that the
Legislature shall reassemble as a provisional Legis-
lature, from which sll ineligible persons shall be
excluded, and to which all eligible persons eleeted
to it, whether white or black, shall bo admitted.
Such a Legislature would, I believe, cnoct such laws
and invest the Executive with such powers as would
enable him to keep the peace, protect life and prop-
erty, and punish crime."
In connection with this report of General
Terry I ask the attention of the House to the
following extracts from a report made to a con-
vention of colored laboring men held a few
weeks since in Georgia. This report was made
by a committee who took testimony of colored
persons residing in the different counties of
Georgia, and shows the condition of the col-
ored people in the counties;
" Marion county.—Colored people are not doing as
well as they were in slavery; working for one third
of the crop generally, and are swindled out of that
in a great many instances: the people are told by
their employers, ' If y.ou leave iae you must leave
all;' they are still whipping and lashing as usual;
