1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2931
prejudiced against that court on that account,
* ml as some other members of the House may
also be prejudiced because of that fact, I desire j
to make this explanation this morning. I was
mistaken about the law. I believe that the
majority of the House believed as I did. It
was so understood in the discussions of the
Committee on Appropriations and elsewhere.
In the act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government, approved
.Inly 2, JPti-l, United States Statutes at-Large,
volume thirteen, page351,section three, there
is the following proviso:
" Provided, That in the courts of the TTnited States
there shall he no exclusion of any witness on ac-
count of color, nor in civil actions because he Ua
party to or interested iu the issue tried."
Section two of the act making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
1803, approved March "2, 1807, provides—
" That the proviso contained in tho third section
of chapter two hundred and tan of the act of July
18t>J. shall be construct! to embrace all suits to
which the I'nited States shall l>e a party in the Court
of Claims, either plaintiff or defendant."
I beKeved that was the law now, and I be-
lieve a majority of the House thought so. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
called my attention to the law of June 25,
1868, and on examination I find in the fourth
section it provides as follows:
"A*'t be it Artier enacted. That no plaintiff or
claimant, or any person from or through whom any
such plaintiff or claimant derive* his alleged title,
claim, or right against the I'nited States, or any per-
son interested in any such title,claim, or right, shall
be a competent witness in the Court of Claims in sup-
porting any such title, claim, or right, and no testi-
mony given by such plaintiff, claimant, or person
fhall be used: Provided, That the United Statesshall,
if they see cause, have the right to examine such
plaintiff, claimant, or person as a witness, under the ;
regulations and with the privileges provided in sec- ,
tion eight of the act passed March 3,1S<>3. entitled
'An act to amend an act to establish a court for the i
investigation of claims against the United States,'
Approved February 24s186a."
Therefore my objection falls to the ground, 1
which was made because of my ignorance of
this law. I desire to retract what I said yes-
terday and withdraw any objection, believing
the bill to be eminently proper after examina-
tion of the report of t he committee. I do not
wish any gentleman to be prejudiced by what
I said yesterday in ignorance of the law I have
quoted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman having charge of this bill, who, I pre-
sume. has investigated the facts in the case,
whether in his opinion any of these claimants
have any title to these lands? \
Mr. KNOTT. As I remarked yesterday, the :
committee deemed it unnecessary lo give any i
expression of opinion for or against any one of
these claimants. I will say to the gentleman
from Missouri that, in my opinion on the facts
presented, some of these claimants have an
eqnitable claim against the United States. The
committee leave them to prove their claims 1
before the court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know nolhing in regard
to the facts in this case, but I gather from the
discussion that these parties make claim tinder
the preemption law. That will involve exam-
ination of facts. Now, I have noticed in cases
before the Court of Claims involving facts the :
Government is always at great disadvantage. !
The parties are enabled to trump up testimony
in many instances prejudicial to the Govern- I
metit. The Government has no representative
npon the ground to cross examine witnesses
and sift the testimony. The Government espe-
cially never takes it upon itself to go or to send
to the locality for testimony. I
Mr. KNOTT. 1 now yield for three min- '
utes to my colleague on the committee from
New i'ork. [Mr. Potter.] i
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I was one of '
the members of the committee who, on an
examination of the facts presented to us as to
the rights of these claimants, came to the con-
clusion expressed by the chairman of theCom-
mittee on the Public Lands yesterday, that the
title of these lands was in the Government of
the United States. But the question is a very
grave and difficult one. It depends upon what
is the effect of the two statutes passed by Con-
gress in 1832—the statute of April of that
year, which excepted these hot springs from
entry, and the statute of the following July,
which is claimed to have perfected the pre-
emption previously made. I understand that
an analogous case not long ago came before
the Supreme Court, and that the court was
divided, four to four, as to the effect of the
statute.
Now, if the claimants in possession of that
property have been in rightful possession for
thirty or forty yeari they have a right to have
a patent issued to them, and it would be a
wrong to keep it from them. If, on the other
hand, they are wrongfully in possession of these
lands, then the legal title to them is in the Uni-
ted States. But if no action is taken they
meanwhile remain in the hands of the parties
in possession. In view, then, of the difficulty
of the legal question, and in view of the fact
that these parties have been so long in posses-
sion, it seemed very proper that some legal
proceeding should be set on foot which Bhould
determine, by the decision of a competent
court, what were the rights in the case. Ac-
cordingly the Senate passed a bill which pro-
vided that the United States should bring an
action to cject the parties in possession. But,
when that bill came before our committee all
the various claimants said, "We have been in
litigation among ourselves for twenty-five years
in reference to this property in the courts of
the State, and we desire that you should so
modify your bill that we may all come into one
court, and that we may there have our titles
tried, not merely as against the United States,
but as against each other."
The Court of Claims was the selection of
the committee, and in that selection I con-
curred. I thought it better thatthe case should
be tried in that court than in the district court.
I will only say further that I do think that the
bill as reported here is eminently just and
sufficiently well guarded, and such a bill as it
becomes a just Government to pass.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman who has
reported the bill yield to me for a question?
Mr. KNOTT. I have arranged to yield to
my colleague from Ohio fMr. Welker] for
three minutes.
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
poses two things. In the first place it pro-
poses to settle the controversy between the
Government and the occupants of these Hot
Springs, and in the second place it proposes to
settle conflicting claims between the different
occupants by authorizingan action to be brought
in the Courtof Claims. From what investiga-
tion I was able to make when the matter was
before the committee which has reported this
bill back to the House I have become satisfied
that the title to these Hot Springs belongs to
the General Government. But we find in their
occupancy a number of individuals who were
claiming title vnder the preemption laws of
Congress, who have been in occupancy for
many years, and who claim title to the prop-
erty. We thought that under these circum-
stances there were equities enough to induce
this Government to afford an opportunity to
these occupants of the public lands to test their
right to these lands.
The Senate, as has already been stated,
passed a bill requiring the Government to
bring the suit against these parties. We thought
that that was conceding too much to these oc-
cupants of the public land. We thought that
if we authorized these parties to bring their
suits in the courts of the country to test their
title we were doing what was a matter of equity
and justice, so far as they were concerned.
And by the provisions of the bill we authorize
the Court of Claims to investigate not only
the legal question involved in relation to the title
but also any equitable interest that these peo-
ple may have in reference to that land. I think
that the Government owes it to the men who
have occupied lands so long as these occupants
have done to see that justice is done as between
the Government and these occupants. We
have guarded this bill as much us we possibly
could, so as to protect the Government; and,
as my colleague has already stated, the com-
mittee themselves made the selection of the
tribunal in which these questions should be
decided, and we thought that it was better to
try them in the Court of Claims rather than
in the United States court in the State of
Arkansas.
Mr. KNOTT. I now move the previous
question.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 5'J,
noes 2','.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I call for tellers. I want
an opportunity to send this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Knott and
Mr. Ji'lian were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
, third readiug, and it was accordingly read the
j third time.
I Mr. JULIAN. I call for the yeas and nays
! on the passage of the bill.
J The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 54, not voting
77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Biirnuui, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
nett. Bird, Buck. Burchard. Koderick K. Butler,
Calkin, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conner, Covodo, Cox, Culloni.Degener, Dixon,
Dockery, Dox, Eidridge, Ferris*. Finkelnburg, (yet/.,
Gibson, Griswold, Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Hill,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas Ii. Jones,
J • Id, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCorinick, McKee, Mc-
Neely, William Moore, Morgan, Morphia, Myers,
Niblack, O'Neill, Orth. Packard. Pnckcr, 1'erco, Po-
land, Potter, Randall, Rogers. Roots, Sanford, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon. Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
StilesStokes. Stone, Strnder, Swunn, Sweeney,Tan-
ner, Tillman, Trimble.Twichell, Upson, Van Aukc.n,
Vooihees,CadwaladerC. Washburn. Welker, Wells,
Wilkinson, F.ugenc M.Wilson, Winchester, Witciicr,
Wood, and Wooilwaul—'.Hi.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Beaman, Benjamin,
Benjton, Bingham, Buffinton, Cake, Cessna, Amasa
Cobb, Conger, Cowles.Diekey.Donley, Ferry, Fisher,
Fitch,Garfield, Giltillan, Hamilton. Hawley, Heflin,
ll'oar,llolman, Hotclikiss. Ingersoll. Julian, Knnpp,
Lawrence, Loughridgo, McC'rary, Mercur, Eliakitn
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Palmer, Peters, Pom-
croy, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofifld, Shanks,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stonghton, Strickland, Strong, Townsend, Tyncr,
VanWyck, Ward, Willard, Williams, and Winans—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Aincs, Axtcll,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Biggs, Blair, Boles, Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buckl ey, Bnrdett, Burr, Benj amin F. Butler, Church-
ill. Sjdney Clarke, Cleveland. Crebs, Davis, Dawes,
Dickinson, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fox,
Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Ilamblcton, Hamill, Hen-
ton, Hoge, Hooper, Jenckes. Kelsey.Ketcham, Lash,
Logan, Lynch.Mayham.McGrew.HcKcniie.Milnes,
Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mun-
gen.Negley, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Piatt, Porter.Pros-
ser, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Schumaker, Porter
Sheldon, Slocurn, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Taffe, Taylor, Van
Horn, Van Trump, William B.Washburn, Wheeler,
Whitmore, and John T.Wilson—77.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to rcconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill (H. li. No.
271) for the relief of Colonel Samuel W. Price,
of the twenty-first Kentucky volunteers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolution and bill of
