2932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
the following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 85) for the relief
of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and
for the withholding of moneys from tribes of
Indians holding American captives; and
An act (H. R. No. 781) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolution and bills
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. No. 101) for the relief
of Lewis D. Smith;
An act(S. No. 81) for the benefitof Margaret
Riddle, widow and executrix of George Read
Riddle, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 141) relating to records of
the courts of the United States;
An act (S. No. 177) creating an additional
land district hi the Territory of Colorado ;
An act (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of
office to be taken by persons who participated
in the late rebellion, but who are not disquali-
fied from holding office by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
An act (S. No. 251) to repeal an act entitled
" An act to prevent the importation of certain
persons into certain States where by the laws
thereof their admission is prohibited," ap-
proved February 28, 1803;
An act (S. No. 265) to prevent the counter-
feiting of foreign trade-marks protected by
treaty stipulations:
An act (S. No. 327) for the relief of William
H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri;
An act (S. No. 351) for the protection of
the settlers within the Fort Ridgely military
reservation, Minnesota;
An act (8. No. 402) for the relief of John
Soraers Smith, on account of diplomatic ser-
vices at the city of San Domingo ;
An act. (S. No. 445) to amend an act for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads and telegraphs in said State ;
An act (S. No. 474) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries;
Au act (S. No. 493) for the relief of George
Wright; and
An act (S. No. 513) remitting tax errone-
ously assessed upon one hundred and fifty gal-
lons of whisky belonging to J. P. P. Camp, of
Spartanburg, South Carolina.
iieirs of gervacio nolan.
Mr. O'NEILL, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back with amend-
ments and with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 314) to confirm the
title of the heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased,
to certain lands in the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. O'NEILL. How much of the morning
hour remains?
The SPEAKER. Eight minutes.
The bill was read. By the first section the
grant to Gervaoio Nolan, late of the valley of
Taos, deceased, approved by the surveyor gen-
eral ofNew Mexico, October 8,1861, and desig-
nated asNo. 48 in the transcript of private
land claims in New Mexico, transmitted to
Congress by the Secretary of the Interior on
the 12 th day of May, 18G2, hut being now within
the limits of the Territory of Colorado, is con-
firmed to the extent of eleven square leagues.
The second section provides that the exterior
lines of said claim of eleven leagues as con-
firmed by this act shall be adjusted according to
lines of the public surveys as near as practica-
ble, but in as compact a form as possible, and
the claims of all actual settlers, falling within
the limits of the located claim above referred
to, shall be adjusted to the extent which will
embrace their several settlements upon their
several claims being established either as pre-
emptions or homesteads according to law, and
for the aggregate of the areas of claims so estab-
lished under the preemption or homestead acts,
the heirs of said Nolan, or their legal repre-
sentatives, shall be entitled to locate a like
quantity of public lands not mineral according
to the lines of the public surveys, and not to
exceed one hundred and sixty acres in one
section.
The third section makes it the duty of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
cause the lines of the public surveys to be run
in the regions where a proper location would
place the said Nolan claim, and provides that
the expense of the same shall be paid out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated; butbeforetheconfirmation provided
for by this act shall become legally effective
the heirs of the said Gervacio Nolan, or their
legal representatives, are to pay the cost of so
much of said surveys as inures to their benefit
respectively, and all actual settlers whose claims
may be adjusted as valid shall have a right to
enter their improvements by a strict compliance
with the preemption or homestead laws.
The fourth section provides that upon the
adjustment of said claim of the heirs of Ger-
vacio Nolan, according to the provisions of this
act, it shall be the duty of the surveyor general
of the district to furnish properly approved
plats to said claimants, or their legal represent-
atives, which shall be evidence of title, the
same to be done according to such instructions
as may be given by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
By the fifth and last section it is provided
that immediately upon running the lines pro-
vided for in the second section of this act tlio
surveyor general of the district shall notify the
said heirs of Gervacio Nolan, or their legal rep-
resentatives, of the fact of such survey being
made, and that said claimants shall, within
three months after notice of such survey, select
and locate their claims according to the pro-
visions of this act, and shall, within said time,
furnish the surveyor general with a description
of such location, specifying the lines of the
same, and the party failing to make such selec-
tion and location in such manner and within
such time shall be deemed and held to have
abandoned their claim, and their rights and
equities uuder this act shall cease and term-
inate.
The amendments reported by the committee
which were verbal in their character were
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. O'NEILL. I am very sorry the morn-
ing hour is so near its close, for I should like
to explain this claim and this bill to the House.
It has been fully considered, and there are
precedents of the same kind.
Mr. COOK. I desire to ask why this claim
was not presented to the Mexican land claims
commission?
Mr. ORTH. That did not embrace claims
in the Territory ofNew Mexico.
Mr. O'NEILL. This is one of a class of
cases arising in what is now the Territory of
New Mexico prior to annexation.
Mr. COOK. The commission was author'
ized to pass on all Mexican grants.
Mr. ORTH. In California.
Mr. O'NEILL. These claims were not pre-
sentable to the commission referred to by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.] There
are numerous precedents forthe passage of bills
of this character, from the time of the ratifica-
tion of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo down
to the present day, merely carrying out the faith
of this Government with the Government of
Mexico. I think there has never been a claim
of the kind rejected by Congress. It is simply
affirming the title of bona fide settlers on the
public lands in the territory acquired by the
United States from the republic of Mexico
under that treaty. In the view of the Committee
on Private Land Claims, of the courts of tho
United States, and of several Secretaries of the
Interior, we are bound in good faith to carry
out the obligations we assumed in that regard
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Now, in
order to save my time I will call the previous
question, and if it shall be sustained 1 will yield
ample time to gentlemen who may desire to
make inquiries concerning this bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third lime.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have a quite lengthy re-
port of this case, prepared by my colleague on
the committee, the gentleman l'rom New Y'ork,
[Mr. Mayham.] I am sorry he is not here this
morning. He was with me on a sub-commit-
tee to examine this claim. As the morning
hour will soon expire, and this bill will have
to go over until next week, he will doubtless
return in time to make any explanations that
may be desired by members. The Committee
on Private Land Claims have given great care
and attention to this case. The committee, I
can say, excepting myself, is composed of as
able lawyers as there are in this House. I
think we have looked into the case in every
point of view. I shall therefore press the pas-
sage of this bill when it shall again come up
in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, and the bill must now be disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman who
has charge of this bill does not wish to press
the bill to a vote this morning I will move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered, so that the bill may go over to
another morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered ;
and the question now is, "Shall this bill be
engrossed and read a third time now?"
Mr. DAWES. What would be the effect of
reconsidering the main question now?
The SPEAKER. If the vote ordering the
main question shall be now reconsidered the
effect will be to divest the bill of the operation
of the previous question, and it would then go
over to the morning hour of Friday next, the
first private bill day after to-day.
Mr. DAWES. So I supposed. I would there-
fore suggest to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. O'Neill] to allow that to be done.
Mr. O'NEILL. Well, I do not know that
I have much objection to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it go over until Satur-
day next.
Mr. WELKER. Oh, no; next Friday is
the first private bill day after to-day.
Mr. LOGAN. ' I shall object to this bill
going over. We of the Committee on Military
Affairs have been, waiting for some time to get
an opportunity to report some matters we have
before us. I hope this bill will be disposed
of now.
Mr. ORTH. I suggest to my colleague on
the committee [Mr. O'Neill] to put this bill
on its passage now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill]
to present it as a part ot' his remarks. If so, he
has the right to have it read, but no other mem-
ber has the right to call for its reading now.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will move to reconsider
the vote ordering the main question, and then
the bill can go over until Friday next.
Mr. LOGAN. I object to that. Let it be
disposed of now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it go over till Satur-
day next.
The SPEAKER. It can go over to Satur-
day next only by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 suppose the reportcan
be printed in the mean time if this bill goes
over till Friday next.
The SPEAKER. It can be, if the House
shall order its printing.
