1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4821
ant shall be entitled to recover the
lias sustained/' and to insert the words:
For an infringement, the complainant shall be
entitled to recover the damages he has sustained
thereby, and the court shall assess the same, or cause
the same to be assessed under its direction.
So that it will read:
And upon a decree being rendered in any such
case for an infringement, the complainant shall be
entitled to recover the damages he has sustained
thereby, and the court shall assess thesame.orcause
the same to be assessed under its direction, and the
court shall have the same powers to increase the
same that are given by said act to increase the dam-
ages found by verdicts in actions upon the case.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLBY. I move farther to amend
the amendment by striking out the word " said1'
before the word "act." in line sixteen, and
insert the word "this." This is a mere verbal
alteration.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amendment
to that clause. This section now reads:
That all actions, suits, controversies, and cases
arising under the patent laws of the United States
shall be originally cognizable, as well in equity as at
law, by the circuit courts of the United States, or
any district court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator propose to amend the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, or to offer an original
amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to amend the original
section.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
in order after the amendments of the commit-
tee have been disposed of. The question now
is on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the fifty-eighth section, after the
enacting clause, in the following words:
That whenever there shall be interfering patents,
or whenever any person shall be sued either at law
or in equity for the infringement of any patent, any
person interested in any one of such interfering pat-
ents, or in the working of theinvention claimed under
cither of such patents, and any defendant in any suit
for infringement as aforesaid, may have relief against
the interfering patentee and all parties interested
under him, and against the plaintiff or complainant
in any such suit, by suit in equity against the own-
ers of the interfering patent, or against the patentee
or assignee, or both, of any patent upon which suit
may be commenced for the infringement thereof, to
be brought in the circuit court of the United States
in any district where the patentee or owner of the
interfering patent may reside or be found, or within
the Territory whore the owner of any exclusive right
under such patent may recide or be found, or within
which the patentee or his assignee or grantee for the
whole or any specified portion of the United States
or their Territories may reside or be found; and in
either case the court having jurisdiction of any such
suit by reason of the serviceof process upon the pat-
entee or any territorial assignee or grantee, or upon
any plaintiff or complainant within its district, may
order and require service of its process upon such
persons as it may determine to be necessary and
proper pasties defendant to such suit, in any other
district of theUnited States, and servieoof such pro-
cess may be made by the marshal of any district of
the United States within which such parties may re-
side or be found, and at no greater cost than if the
suit was pending in such district; and whenever all
necessary a.nd proper parties shall be brought before
the court having original jurisdiction of such suit,
the said court shall proceed to hear and determine
the same according to the course of equity, and may
dismiss such suit, or may adjudge and declare either
of the patents void in wholoonn part, or inopciative
or invalid throughout the United States, or any por-
tion thereof specifically described, or grant such
■other relief as may be equitable according to the
rights of the parties or their several and respective
interests in the patent or in the invention patented.
But no such adjudication shall affect the rights of
any person except the parties to such suit and those
deriving title under tnem subsequent to the com-
mencement thereof. And whenever all the parties
interested in any such interfering patents, or patent
•sued upon, shall be before the court having original
jurisdiction of any such suit as aforesaid, by volun-
tary appearance, or by due service of process thereon
as aforesaid, and, upon final hearing in such cause,
the patent attacked shall be declared void in whole
or in pa rt,.sueh decision shall he final and shall not
be subject to review in any other suit, in any court
of coord inate jurisdiction, but shall be icviewedand
overruled only in the Supreme Court of th<* United
States o n appeal. The Supreme Court may admit
new evidence m any such appeal in their discretion,
and. may make rules for the proper exercise of the
juiisdiction herein and hereby conferred upon the
courts ofthe United States. The supreme courts of
the District of Columbia and of the Territories shall
have the same jurisdiction as that conferred herein
upon the eircuit courts of the United States in sim-
ilar cases.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That whenever there shall be interfering patents,
any person interested in any sueh patents, either by
assignment or otherwise, may have remedy by bill in
equity; and the eonrt having cognizance thereof, on
notice to adverse parties and other due proceedings
had, may adjudge and declare either of the patents
void in whole or in part, or inoperative, or invalid in
any particular part of the United States, according to
the interest of the partiosinthe patentor the inven-
tion patented; butnosuchjudgmentor adjudication
shall affect the rights of any person except the parties
to the suit and those deriving title under them subse-
quent to the rendition of such judgment.
The amendment was agreed to. •
The next amendment was in section sixty-
one, after line fourteen, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
Third. That he was an alien at the time his patent
was granted, and had neglected for the space of eight-
een months from its date to put and continue on sale
to the public, on reasonable torms, his invention or
discovery; or.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
one, line twenty-six, to strike out the words
"with his eonsent;"so that the clause will read:
Fifth. That it had been in public uso or on sale
in this country for more than two years before his
application for a patent, or had been abandoned to
the public.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
five, line one, to strike out the word "applica-
tion" and insert the word " publication."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Patents was in section seventy-four, line two,
after the word "designs" to insert "issued
prior to March 2, 1861."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
six, in line four, to strike out "chapter " and
insert " act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLBY. The several sections next
succeeding the one just read introduce a new
feature into our patent laws connected with
trade-marks. The committee instructed me to
report an amendment to strike out those sec-
tions. Subsequent reflection has suggested to
me whether the action of the committee in that
respect v/as altogether best, and I am disposed
to think that some of the members of the com-
mittee, perhaps, have come to the same con-
clusion.
Mr. SUMNER. I should hesitate very much
about striking them out.
Mr. WILLEY. That is just what I aiu going
to say, if the Senator pleases. The committee
did not understand the subject very well when
they made this report, and did not at that
time examine it. They thought that under
the common law every man had a right to his
own trade-mark and could protect himself;
butsubsequent reflection and examination have
convinced me, at least, that these sections
ought to be retained. I have examined them,
and I see that they have been drawn by a care-
ful hand ; and, so far as I can understand the
matter, they meet the ease very fairly. They
nationalize our trade-marks and put us on an
equality with other nations in that respect. It
strikes me, on reflection, that they ought to be
retained.
That is the result to which my own mind,
as a member of the committee, has come, and
1 am very willing that the Senate should dis-
agree with the recommendation of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would remark that they
seem to me of practical value to our own citi-
zens, especially abroad. How can they have
their trade-marks protected iu other countries
if a protection is not provided for trade marks
here? There must be reciprocity in that re-
spect, and it seems to me that single consider-
ation is decisive of the case.
But, independent of our fellow-citizens who
now have interests abroad, I think that these
sections are of value to all here at home, having
put into the text of a statute rules and princi-
ples which have been matured at the common
law and recognized by our courts, but which
have new character and value and explicitness
from being set forth in the statute. 1 hope,
therefore, that the chairman of Che committee
will allow these sections to stay in the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. As a member of the
committee, I desire to join with our chairman
in saying that, on reflection, I think these
sections ought to be retained. They are wholly
unnecessary at the common law, and so far as
the rights of our citizens are concerned in
England they are mere surplusage, the com-
mon law granting all that would be covered by
these sections; but on the continent of Europe
it is different, and for that reason, if none other,
they should be retained. ' I hope, therefore,
the Senate will not concur in the recommenda-
tion of the committee to strike them out.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope the Senate will dis-
agree with the recommendation of the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The portion
of the bill proposed to be stricken out has not
yet been read.
The Chief Clerk read section seventy-seven,
as.follows:
Srcc. 77. And be it further enacted. That any person
or firm domiciled in the United States, and any cor-
poration created by the authority of the United
States, or of any State or Territory thereof, and any
person, firm, or corporation resident of or located in
any foreign country which by treaty or convention
affords similar privileges to citizens of the United
States, and who are entitled to the exclusive use of
any lawful trade mark, or who intend to adopt and
use any trade-mark for exclusive use within the
United States, may obtain protection for such lawful
trade-mark by complying with the following require-
ments, to wit:
First. By causing to be recorded in the Patent
Office the names of the parties and their residences
and place of business who desire tho protection of
the trade-mark.
Second. The class of merchandise and the particu-
lar description of goods comprised in such etass, by
which the trade-mark has been or is intended to be
appropriated.
Third. A description of the trade-mark itself, with
fac-similes thereof, and the mode in which it has
been or is intended to be applied and used.
Fourth. The length of time, if any, during which
the trade-mark has been used.
Fifth. The payment of a fee of twenty-five dol-
lars, in the same manner and for the same purpose
as the fee required for patents.
Sixth. The compliance with suoh regulations as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Patents.
Seventh. The filing of a declaration, under the
oath of tho person, or of some member of the firm
or officer of the corporation, to the effect that tho
party claiming protection for the trade-mark has a
right t® the use of the same, and that no other per-
son, firm, or corporation has the right to such use,
either in the identical form or having such near re-
semblance thereto as might be calculated to deceive,
and that the description and fac-similes presented
for record are true copies of the trade-mark sought
to be protected.
The motion to strike out the section was
rejected.
The seventy-eighth section, which the com-
mittee proposed to strike out, was read, as
follows :
Sec. 78. Andbe it further enacted, That such trade-
mark shall remain in force for thirty years from the
date of such registration, except in cases where such
trade-mark is claimed for and applied to articles
not manufactured in this country and in which it
receives protection under the laws of any foreign
country for a shorter period, in which castfcit shall
cease to have any force in this country by virtue of
this act at the same time that it becomes of no effect
elsewhere, and during the period that it remains, in
force it shall entitle the person, firm, or corporation
registering the same to the exclusive use thereof so
far as regards the description of goods to wGicb it is
appropriated in the statement filed under oath as
aforesaid, and no other person shall lawlully use the
same trade-mark, or substantially tho same, or so
nearly resembling: it as to be calculated to deceive,
upon substantially the same description of goods:
Provided, That six months prior to the expiration
of said term of thirty years, application may bo made
for a renewal of such registration, under regulations
to be prescribed by the Commissioner of Patents,
and the fee for sueh renewal shall be the saino as for
the original registration ; certificate of such renewal
