4822
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
shall be issued in thesamemanner as for the original
registration, and such trade-mark shall remain in
force for a further term of thirty years: And provided
further. That nothing in this section shall bo con-
strued by any court as abridging or in any manner
affecting unfavorably the claim of any person, firm,
corporation, or company to any trade-mark afterthe
expiration of the term for which such trade-mark
was registered,
Mr. CARPENTER. I take it that section
is part of the system the Senate has already
agreed, to retain. Is it not so, I inquire of the
chairman of the committee?
Mr. POMEROY. This should not be stricken
out.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly not, the other
having been retained.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope the Senate will non-
concur in striking out all these sections.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
The Chief Clerk read sections seventy-nine,
eighty, eighty-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, and
eighty-four, as follows:
Sec. 79. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son or corporation who shall reproduce, counterfeit,
copy, or imitate any such recorded trade-mark and
affix the same to goods of substantially the same
deseriptiveproperties and qualities as those referred
to in the registration, shall be liable to an action m
the case for damages for such wrongful use of said
trade-mark, at the suit of the owner thereof, in any
court of competent jurisdiction in the United States;
and the party aggrieved shall also have his remedy
according to the course of equity to enjom the
wrongful use of his trade-mark and to reoovor com-
pensation therefor in any court having jurisdiction
over the person guilty of such wrongful use. ihe
Commissioner of Patents shall not receive and record
any proposed trade-mark which is not and cannot
become a lawful trade-mark, or which is merely the
namoof a person, firm, or corporation only,.unac-
companied by a mark sufficient to distinguish it from
thesame name when used by other persons, or which
is identical with a trade-mark appropriate to the
same class of merchandise and belonging to a diner-
ent owner, and already registered or received for
registration, or which so nearly resemble such last-
mentioned trade-mark as to be likely to deceive the
public: Provided, That this section shall not pre-
vent the registry of any lawful trade-mark right-
fully used at the time of the passage of this act.
SEC. 80. And be it further enacted. That thetime of
the receipt of any trade-mark at the Patont Office lor
registration shall be noted and recorded, and copies
of the trade-mark and of the date ot the receipt
' thereof, and of the statement filed therewith, under
the seal of the Patent, Office, certified by the Com-
missioner, shall beevidencein anysuitmwhichsuch
trade-mark shall be brought m controversy.
Beg. 81. And be it further enacted, ih.it the Com-
missioner of Patents is authorized to make rules,
regulations, and prescribe forms tor the transfer of
the right to the use of such trade-marks, conforming
as nearly as practicable to the requirements ot law
respecting the transfer and transmission of copy-
n§ec.'82. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall procure the registry of any trade-mark,
or of himself as the owner thereof, on any entry re-
spccting a trade-mark in the Patent Office undei this
act, by making any false or fraudulent represent-
ations or declarations, verbally or in writing, or by
any fraudulent means, shall be liable to pay dam-
ages in consequence of any such registry or entry to
the person injured thereby, to be recovered in an
action on the case before..any court of competent
jurisdiction within the United States. ... •
Sec. 83. And be it further enacted, That notQin© m
this act shall prevent, lessen, impeach, or avoid any
remedy at law or equity, which any party aggrieved
by any wrongful use of any trade-mark might have
had if this act had not been passed.
Sec. 84. And be it further enacted, That no action
shall be maintained under the provisions of this act
bv any person claiming the exclusive right to an>
trade-mark which is used or claimcd in any unlaw-
ful business, or upon any article which is injurious
in itself, or upon any trade-mark which has been
fraudulently obtained, or which has been formed and
used with the design of deceiving the public 111 the
purchase or use oi any article of merchandise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Patents propose to strike out these
sections. The question is on that itniendment.
The*mendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the trade-marks pass
out of sight, I should like to ask the chairman
of the committee whether the committee have
considered fully the term for which the trade-
marks are to run? It is fixed at thirty years.
I am led to ask whether thirty years is not too
lon°* ?
Mr. WILLEY. I suppose the term was fixed
something upon analogy to copyrights; their
term is twenty-eight years.
Mr. SUMNER. Would not a better analogy
be the patent ?
Mr. WILLEY. I have no objection to that
myself.
Mr. SUMNER. I have never reflected much
on that point; but still, as I read these sections,
it seemed'to me thirty years was rather a long
term.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator will reflect
I think it will be suggested to his mind that
these trade-marks are rather the result of time
than subject to a limitation themselves.
Mr. SUMNER. That is true. It is often
like the good will of a partnership.
Mr. WILLEY. They get their authority by
time. I think the term had better stand.
Mr. CARPENTER. Another remark may
be made in that connection: that these trade-
marks are a kind of private property; they are
not like an invention that gives a man an ex-
clusive privilege; but they are the evidence of
private right, which time should not impair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will proceed.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section eighty-six, line three,
to strike out the word " or " before " designer,'
and after "designer" to insert "or propri-
etor;" so as to read:
That any citizen of the United States or resident
therein who shall be tho author, inventor, designer,
or proprietor of any book, map, chart, ore.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to call the
attention of the chairman of the Library Com-
mittee to what has just been read on page 40 :
And the Librarian of Congress shall receive a
yearly compensation of $3,500, to commence when
this act shall take effect.
Have wc not already fixed the compensation
of the Librarian? And is this not inconsistent
with what we have done?
Mr. HOWE. There was a provision put into
the legislative appropriation bill fixing the
salary of the Librarian at §4,000; but I fear that
provision may not pass both Houses. I pro-
pose to make that motion here in this bill; but
the chairman of the committee who has charge
of the bill preferred that 1 should not make
that motion until the bill was read through, as
I understood.
Mr. WILLEY. Until the amendments of
the Committee on Patents shall be disposed of.
The reading of the bill was continued.
Mr. WILLEY. In the fourteenth line of the
eighty-sixth section the word "others" should
be "authors;" so as to read "authors may
reserve the right to dramatize, or to translate
their own works."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section ninety, line seven, to strike out
"ten" and insert "twenty" before the word
"days."
Mr. WILLEY. The reason why the com-
mittee thought ten days should be stricken out
and twenty days inserted was to give the par-
ties time to send their books and have them
deposited from distant sections ofthe country—
California, for instance ; but on reflection, and
upon consultation with several publishers, I
beg leave to suggest some amendments, allow-
ing the term of ten days to stand in this sec-
tion. In line three, after the word " deposit,"
I move to insert the words "in the mail;"
and in line six, to make it conform, to strike
out th^word "in" and insert " addressed to,"
and to make "library" "librarian."
Mr. POMEROY. It may be deposited and
never come. It ought to be provided that he
shall pay postage on it.
Mr. WILLEY. There is a provision that it
shall come free. The object is this: a pub-
lisher lives in California, for instance; the sec-
tion requires him to deposit within twenty days,
as proposed to be amended, in the library the
volume, &c. It is a good deal of hardship for
him to wait so long; it is an embarrassment
to him. If he deposits it in the mail to be
transmitted, addressed to the Librarian, short-
ening the time ten days, we get the benefit ot
the book here so much the sooner ; and 1 think
every object will be accomplished that is
designed by the law.' _
I understand from tne Librarian that in ono
case only out of about twenty-five hundred
where books have been mailed, have they evpr
failed to come, so that practically there will
be no difficulty in that direction. _ lo make
the whole section conform to this view of the
case, it will be necessary to strike out the word
"cause," in line eight, andinsertinstead thereof
"deposit in the mail," and to strike out the
word " to,'' at the end of the tenth line, and the
words "be delivered," in thebeginning of the
eleventh line, and to insert "addressed;-' so as
to read "shall be addressed to said Librarian
of Congress as hereinafter to be provided.
Mr. POMEROY. I may not understand this,
but does the Senator mean to have statuary
and models deposited in the post and go by
mail ? ,
Mr. WILLEY. No, I do not suppose that
can be done very well.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the sentence: "a
painting, drawing, statue, statuary, model, or
design." Are they all to go by mail?"
Mr. CASSERLY. No; only a description
of them. . .
Mr. WILLEY. It is the description; it is
not the statue itself, but a photograph of it; so
that my amendment is right, as I originally
proposed it. It is not the statue itself, but the
photograph of the statue that is to come here.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; photographs
can be sent by mail, I suppose.
Mr. WILLEY. The statue of the honorable
Senator from Kansas could not go very well
by mail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
as proposed will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
section, ninety so as to read:
That no person shall bo entitled to a copyright
unless he shall, before publication, deposit m the
mail a printed copy of the title of the book or other
articlc. or a description of the painting, drawing,
chromo, statue, statuary, or model or design for a
work of the fine arts for which he desires a copyright,
addressed to tho Librarian of Congress, and, within
ten days from the publication thereof, deposit in the
mail two copies of such copyright book or other
article, or in case of a painting, drawing, statue,
statuary, model, ordesign for a work ofthe fine arts,
a photograph of the same, to be addressed to said
Librarian of Congress, as hereinafter to be provided.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line three, to strike out" ten " and insert
"twenty."
Mr. WILLEY, I move to amend that by
striking out the word " deliver,'' in the second
line, and insert the word " mailand in line
three to strike out 1'Library" and insert
u Librarian so as to read :
That the proprietor of every copyright book or
other article shall mail to the Librarian of Congress
at Washington, within ten days after its publication,
two complete printed copies thereof, of tho best
edition issued, or description or photograph of such
article &c
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. These amend-
ments will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Then let the amendment
reported, to strike out "ten" and insert
"twenty," be disagreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was
in the same section, line seven, to insert the
word "substantial" before " charges."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section ninety-four.
Mr. WILLEY. In order to make that sec-
tion conform to the amendment just made, it
will be necessary to strike out the word
"delivery," in the second line, and to insert
"deposited in the mail."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor*
rection will "be mad#.
Mr. CARPENTER, p ught not the expres.i
