2934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand the contrary is the fact.
Mr. O'NEILL. I confess I did not look
into that particularly, and I will ask the Dele-
gate from Colorado as to that fact.
Mr. ORTH. Let me ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin what that has to do with the
settlement of this question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
merely for information.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I asked the gentleman
a moment ago whether any one represented
the interest of the Government before the
committee. The chairman of the committee
said that it was unnecessary, because the com-
mittee represents the United States. I ask
him now whether he does not know that in
previous Congresses grants were passed which
afterward turned out to be fraudulent. I ask
him whether claims have not passed and lands
confirmed to parties when it afterward turned
out that the claims were utterly worthless and
fraudulent?
Mr. ORT13. It would be impossible to answer
all the inquiries of the gentleman from New
York. I do not know what particular case he
refers to, or to what particular frauds he has
reference. I know that in this case the evi-
dence was taken by the surveyor general utader
the act of Congress, and that the report made
to the Secretary of the Interior was by him
and the Commissioner of the Land Office recom-
mended to Congress for approval; and unless
we can trust our own officers of the Govern-
ment, I do not know whom we can trust. My
rule in all these matters has been, being satis-
fied that we cannot get angels to govern us,
that we must be governed as we have been
heretofore, by the best men we can get to put
in official positions.
Mr. COOK. I wish to say a word on this
subject, lam satisfied from the investigation
I have given to such matters that in cases of
this kind it is not safe to rely on the represent-
tatious of private parties. I have myself in-
vestigated many of these claims, which had
been confirmed by Congress to an extent ten-
fold that which the Mexican law authorized to
be granted in the first instance, these claims
also being confirmed on the report of the sur-
veyor general of the United States.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will state to the gentleman,
in order to relieve his mind of the difficulty
under which he labors 
Mr. COOK. I merely wish to say that I
would like time to read the report and examine
the evidence in order to be satisfied whether
this claim is a good one or not. I know that
many of these claims have passed this House
without being scrutinized which were utterly
and entirely wrong.
Mr. ORTH. 1 desire to know whether the
remarks of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] apply to private land claims disposed
of since I have been ou the committee having
charge of them ?
Mr. COOK. I did not allude to that com-
mittee at all.
Mr. ORTH. These wholesale charges or
surmises as to supposed wrong-doing, I sub-
mit, are not in order or respectful to the com-
mittee over which I have the honor to preside.
Mr. COOK. I have not said a word about
the committee as now constituted. I meant
to say that years ago the committee had rec-
ommended and the House had passed claims
which were fraudulent, and resting upon evi-
dence precisely the same as is submitted in
this case.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman may be cor-
rect in his recollection of what may have been
done in past Congresses. There may have
been many wrong claims which eventually
passed this House. I do not wish to defend
Committees on Private Land Claims of which
I was not a member. But I will say in behalf
of this committee that you cannot find in this
House a gentleman more watchful of the in-
terests of the Government than its chairman,
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] or
better lawyers than are on this committee. I
say it is composed of gentlemen who hare
sufficient ability to examine a case of this
kind, and who have sufficient regard for the
j interests of the Government not to recom-
mend to the House anything except what
appears to be clearly just. The report has
been read to the House. If the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] had listened to it I
think he would have been convinced of the
entire goodness of the case, and its entire cor-
rectness from beginning to end. The report
traces this thing from the very day this man,
Gervacio Nolan, made his claim on the Mexi-
can Government, under its colonization laws,
down to the time of his settlement on the land,
and down to the time of his death. The case
is now brought here, the committee after full
scrutiny of it asking the House to pass the
claim and to let the man's heirs have the ben-
efit of his legal settlement.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No man
has more respect for the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims than I have, and
in anything I may say I desire to make no reflec-
tion whatever on that gentleman. But I desire
to state a case which occurred. In the Thirty-
Ninth Congress a bill was reported and passed
the Senate which recognized the validity of a
land grant under the old Mexican law of about
five hundred thousand acres. It was reported
by a distinguished Senator from the State of
New York, who stated that he had examined
the case very fully, and that the title was con-
clusive. It came to this House and was ex-
amined by the Committee on Private Land
Claims. They came to the same conclusion,
and the chairman of the committee on the last
day of the session made a report, and the bill
was passed. Having been the chairman of the
Private Land Claims Committee before I had
some acquaintance with the case, and when I
came into the Fortieth Congress I offered a
joint resolution which set forth that tho claim
was invalid. This House passed the joint reso-
lution. It went back to the Senate, and the
same committee which had pronounced the
claim valid and good again examined it and
pronounced it fraudulent, and the claim was
defeated after the bill declaring it to be valid
had passed and become a law.
Mr. O'NEILL. That might all have been,
but all I have to say in Teply to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] is that he is
a member of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and had an opportunity of examining
this claim thoroughly as the other members of
that committee have done. There is no reason
why he should come in here at this time to
complain of the committee or insinuate that
perhaps the committee is endeavoring to force
a baseless claim upon Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I insin-
uate nothing of the kind, I wish the gentleman
to understand.
Mr. O'NEILL. Well; it is a kind of insin-
uation or suspicion that I do not like, and that
I do not think should be made in this House
against the members of the committee of which
the gentleman making the insinuation is him-
self a member.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I am surprised that the
gentleman should take such a view of the ob-
jections to this bill. I have not heard any
reflections cast on the committee for their
action as such. The question was merely pro-
pounded upon what basis the committee acted
in confirming the title to forty-four thousand
acres of land. That is all. If a case involving
$100 is before the Court of Claims you require
thepresenceof an accredited officerofthe Gov-
ernment of the United States to represent the
Government. In the case of a claim for forty-
four thousand acres of land before a commit-
tee nothing of the kind is required; and I
merely ask again, if the committee proceeded
upon what has been established as a precedent
that the inquiry shall be ex parte entirely or
almost so, because it amounts to that? Par-
ties have come here with claims of this sort
and they have been passed upon in that way
and many have been afterward found to be
fraudulent because the papers were forgeries.
I do not suppose the committee are required
to go into an examination and send for wit-
nesses and investigate. The gentleman may
remember that I said my objection was to the
mode of proceeding in these cases, that we
should here vote away immense tracts of land
without having that scrutiny which a man would
have to undergo in a case of trespass in a court
of law. The objection is to the mode of pro-
ceeding in settling and determining these eases.
Now, the gentlemen concede that this mode
of examination and proceeding has led to in-
justice in the past, by giving away lands under
forged claims of this kind. The statement of
that fact does not reflect upon this committee,
or upon Congress which confirmed the titles,
but it is a reason why we should require at
least that some accredited officer of this Gov-
ernment shall investigate the matter of title,
so that we shall not be placed in the position
of voting away immense tracts of land merely
upon ex parte statements and ex parte repre-
sentations before a committee of this House.
Mr. O'NEILL. I yield to the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Orth.]
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, the discussion
upon this bill has taken a most extraordinary
range. I do not know that I am surprised at it
at all. Not a word is said against the bill itself.
Even my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin,] who attends our
meetings as often as he can, has not said one
word against this bill; but there is some old
Louisiana grant that has been haunting him,
like Banquo's ghost, for years. Why, I recol-
lect that at the commencement of the Fortieth
Congress, almost before he had been in his seat
five minutes, he had a joint resolution sprung
on the House in regard to the fraud in that case.
I accord him great credit for his vigilance. But
because there was a ghost in that case, or a
skeleton, he must not suppose that there is a
skeleton in every case brought in here. I sub-
mit to my colleague, in all kindness, whether
it would not have been better to examine this
matter when we were all examining it to see
whether there was any fraud here or forgery
either. I do not see why the peculiar liue of
argument he has just seen fit to indulge in
should have anything to do with the adoption
or rejection of this bill. I would ask my col-
league now if he intends to vote for this bill?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Before
the gentleman gets through his speech I may
make up my mind to vote for it. I have not
done so yet.
Mr. ORTH. Then it is apparent that the
skeleton still haunts him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will say
to my friend that I have not attacked this bill
at all. I confess that I have been engaged so
much on other committees that I have had time
to attend but few meetings of the Committee
on Private Land Claims. I do not undertake
to say that the bill is not right. I have not said
it. 1 merely stated a fact which occurred here,
that the House might see how easy it is for
gentlemen to be imposed upou where cases are
made up by interested parties and the Govern-
ment is not properly heard in regard to them.
Mr. ORTH. I grant that it is very easy for
a man to be imposed upon at times. I hope
my colleague on the Committee on Private
Land Claims, the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn,] will take some of this extra
caution to himself when he comes to his naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
extremely obliged to the gentleman, and will
certainly follow his advice.
Mr. ORTH. Let the gentleman be cautious
lest' he involve this Government in a debt
of several million dollars. Let hint exercise
due caution for fea® satpebodj niay pome
