1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Crebs.
Ho. of Reps.
any pretext whatever for interference with their
affairs from without the same Legislature sub-
mitted this question for adjudication to the
supreme court of Georgia by the resolution
following:
"Whereas it is Tbelioved that a judicial decision of
the question of the colored man's right to hold office
in Georgia under theconstitutionnowin force would
restore the State to her proper position in the Union
and give quiet throughout the State; and whereas
the question is one which the courts of the State can
properly take cognizance of; and whereas we, the
representatives of the people of Georgia, are unwill-
ing that any effort should bo sparod on our part to
bring about a state of peace and happiness to the
people, and a settlementof that important question:
"Be it therefore resolved by the Senate^ and Home of
Representatives of the State of (Jeoroui in General As-
sembly convened, That a case involving the right of
the colored man to hold office shall as soon as the
same oan be brought before the supremo court of tho
the State be heard and determined by said court, and
we believe that the people of the State will, as they
have heretofore always done, in good faith abide the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal of the State
whenever so declared."
Which joint resolution was vetoed by her
Governor, the same Bullock in whose hands
by this bill you now propose to place that unfor-
tunate State. And although that Legislature
will convene again about the 15th day of Janu-
ary next, and we have every reason to believe
will comply with the resolution before recited
and restore the negroes to their seats, the
supreme court having since decided they were
properly eligible under the constitution, yet
you are unwilling to wait and see whether they
will correct the wrong with which you charge
them; but with indecent haste the passage of
this bill is urged, and for the reasons only that
I have given, fearing if we wait until the Legis-
lature convenes all pretext for interference
will be avoided.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is claimed, as I have
before remarked, by members of the majority
on this floor, that under the clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that Congress shall
guaranty to each State a republican form of
government we have the right to invade the
State of Georgia as proposed in this bill.
Now, mark the language of the clause quoted,
"shall guaranty a government republican in
form.'' Has she not such a government now ?
I say she has not only in form but in fact also.
You of the majority say she has in form but
not in fact. If your premises were true have
you any power here given to interfere? Cer-
tainly not. But let us take the construction
of this clause of the Constitution as we find it
in the Federalist announced by James Madison,
justly regarded as the father of that instru-
ment; the same, also, commented on by Justice
Story, whose authority as an interpreter of the
Federal Constitution will scarcely be ques-
tioned on that side of the House. In the forty-
third number of the Federalist, page 342,
Mr. Madison says:
"It may possibly bo asked whether it may not
bccomca pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ment without the concurrence of the States them-
selves. It may be answered that if the General Gov-
ernment should interfere by virtue of this constitu-
tional authority it will be, of course, bound to pursue
the authority. But the authority extends no further
than to a_guarantee, of a republican form of govern-
ment,which supposes apreexistinggovernment of the
form which is to be guaranteed. As long, therefore,
as the existing republican forms are continued by the
states, they are guaranteed by the Federal Constitu-
"On. Whenover tho States may choose to substitute
otherrepublican forms they have aright to do so and
to claim the Federal guarantee for the latter. The
only restriction imposed on them is, that they shall
not exchange republican for anti-republican consti-
tutions."
And Mr. Justice Story, in his excellent
Commentaries on the Constitution, section
eighteen hundred and fifteen, quoting this
clause says:
" The Federalist lias spoken with so much force
and propriety upon this subject, that it supersedes all
other reasonings."
And again, in the same work, section eight-
een hundred and twenty-five:
" It may not be amiss further to observe that every
pretext for intermeddling with the domestic eon-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 3.
cernsof any State is taken away, under colorof pro-
tecting it against domestic violence by that part of
the provision which renders an application from
the Legislature or executive authority of the State
endangered necessary to be made to the General
Government, before its interference can at all be
proper."
Has any such application as contemplated
been made here ?
But it seems, Mr. Speaker, that the minds
and reasonings of such men as Mr. Justice
Story and James Madison pale and grow dim
beneath the brightness thrown around consti-
tutional questions by Republican politicians of
the present day when both the letter and spirit
of that instrument stand in the way of party
ascendency and the desire of vengeance to be
wreaked upon an unfortunate State.
Mr. Speaker, would it not be well for the
majority on this floor, led on by destruction-
ists from New England whose bidding they
but do, to pause and consider before striking
down the rights of a sovereign State, as they
propose to do by this bill? And you, men of
New England, "whose country has had a
proud record in the past—you, descendants
of the Pilgrim fathers," would it not be well
also to consider whether you will not by such
legislation as this be but sowing the wind to
reap the whirlwind ? May not this very act of
legislation be the fountain head from which will
hereafter spring unnumbered woes to plague
you ? Already we hear the deep mutterings in
the distance borne on the western breezes—ay,
too, and reechoing on the stormy coast of the
Atlantic—that the six New England Stales,
with an aggregate population less than the great
State of New York, ought not be represented by
twelve Senators at the other end of the Capitol
while New York has but two. Pursue the
present course toward other States you are pro-
posing here in total disregard of the Constitu-
tion, and the time may come, ay, and will most
surely come, when your State rights will be
assailed, your State sovereignty stricken down;
and when in distress you appeal to the Con-
stitution for succor and protection you may
be met by the stern, answering cry, "In your
pride and arrogance you thought it a small
thing to violate itS'inost sacred provisions when
they stood in your way to power, and when
now you call your call will be alike unheeded."
I trust, Mr. Speaker, such a time may
never come. I trust the good pense of this
House will yet refuse to pass this iniquitous
bill, 60 that no pretext may be given for any
new assaults upon the Constitution in the
future. But when the historian shall chron-
icle the deeds of our nation in the centuries
yet to come, even to the latest period of re-
corded time, may he be able still to say that
the Constitution of our country has been hon-
ored and revered through all the ages; that
it has been the polar star of freedom in all
time; and in closing up the record, when the end
of time draweth nigh, may he be able still to
repeat of our country the words of the poet:
"Compass her walls; with solemn pomp,
Your eyes quite round her cast;
Count all her towers and see if there
You find one stone displaced."
I will conclude all I desire to say on this bill
by adding to my remarks the letter of Mr. An-
gier, Kepublican State treasurer of Georgia—
addressed to my friend, Mr. Beck, by whose
permission I am kindly permitted to use it—
■which should make this Congress, if controlled
by a desire to promote the public welfare, turn
with horror from the proposition to confer
upon this ex-rebel (Bullock) extraordinary
and extra constitutional powers ; powers that
would, indeed, be dangerous and obnoxious to
all principles of good government if placed in
the hands of even the best and wisest man this
world has ever known:
State Treasurer's Office.
Atlanta, Georgia, December 14, 18o9.
Dear Sir : I wrote you in a very great hurry yes-
terday, neglecting to mention many truths that
should have a bearing with your committee and Con-
gress in determining this vexed question of Georgia
reconstruction, and tho status of Governor Bul-
lock in connection with it. To show his connection
with and interest in the "Kimball opera house
building —a, portion of which is temporarily used
as a State-house—I -will state that Governor Bullock
labored to secure my influence in favor of paying
said Kimball $25,000 yearly rent for only a portion
of the least valuable part of a building that could
not have cost Kimball over one hundred thousand
dollars, reserving to himself all the first story front
on the main street of six store-rooms, most the en-
tire basement story, and a large number of rooms in
the upper two stories, llis obj ect now is to so organ-
ize the General Assembly that they will purchase this
building for a State-house at about half a mil-
lion dollars. In violation of law and the action of
the General Assembly he drew on the Fourth Na-
tional Bank of New York for 835,000, and stated to
me that $31,000 of the above amount was paid to said
Kimball on account of said opera building and fix-
tures, and that the other &i,000 he used himself,
which amount he has never accounted to the State
or treasurer for. After two committees of the Gen-
eralAssembly—one manipulated in his own interest-
had declared this act of drawing on said bank and
tho uso of the money illegal and unauthorized, as
soon as the Legislature adjourned in March last, he
went direct to New York and drew a draft on said
Fourth National Bank for $20,000 raore, in favor of
said Kimball, making in all $55,000, none of which
ever found its way into the State treasury of Geor-
gia ; and there is no telling what further amounts he
would havo drawn and appropriated himself in vio-
lation of law if I had not sent the bank a synopsis of
tho code of Georgia bearing on this subject. To meet
these drafts, or guaranty their payment, he hypoth-
ecated seven per cent. State railroad mortgage
bonds, that by special legislation were to be used
only in "renewal of bonds then due and interest
thereon," and for " funding the State bonds falling
due or maturing in 18G8,1869. and 1870." Two hun-
dred and sixty-five thousand five hundred dollars of
these seven per cent, bonds ho had sold in violation
of the above special statute, setting them apart for
a specific purpose, and thereby destroying the abil-
ity of the State to comply with the conditions of a
circular ho instructed me to havo published, causing
great and incessant murmurings by bondholders in
Europe and this country.
The appropriations of1868 were only for the " latter
half of the year 1868;" still for the public printing of
this year he, in violation of law, drew $10,000 back on
last year, notwithstanding the house, by a vote ot
over three to one, directed him to charge it as an ad-
vance on the printing fund of this year. This he did
that he might save his 825,000 public printing fund
to silence the mouths of the press or subsidize them
in his behalf. He flooded the country with procla-
mations offering as high as $5,000 for the apprehension
of a single fugitive, whenthe customary reward here-
tofore has not exceeded $200. At the same time he
pardons those in custody who have committed willful
murder without a trial. By a trick and fraud—no
doubt through his instructions—on the last day of the
last General Assembly a portion of the appropriation
bill was passed—what I call an India-rubber-blanket
section—with no amount specified, yet, according to
tho Governor's interpretation and application, un-
limited. This is independent of the contingent fund
of $20,000 for the year, which, all but a few dollars,
he exhausted in less than six months, mostly for
"incidental expenses of executive department." On
this—what he makes the India-rubber-blanket sec-
tion, which if strictly construed could amount to but
a few thousand dollars—he has drawn nearly one
hundred thousand dollars, thegreator portion in the
way of patronage to buy influence, over fifteen thou-
sand dollais being to fee attorneys only as "re-
tainers."
Whilehe gets up sensational telegrams and howl^
of outrages committed on Union men and colored
citizens, he neglects to mention the many rapes com-
mitted by negroes on unoffending, defenseless, in-
nocent girls and women. As you nave seen in my
reports I was a Union man, opposed secession stren-
uously and publicly, my office being headquarters of
the Union association here; left tho South with all
my family in 1S63; lived near Boston until the close
of tho war; returned South in 1865; supported the
congressonal measures of reconstruction; voted for
and publicly supported General Grant for President
and Bullock for Governor: have always been classed
as a "Radical" by the Democrats; havo been in
nearly every southern State since the war, withhold-
ing my political opinions on no occasion; known to
be a northern man by birth and residence until I was
twentv-four years old, yet I have never been treated
with the least severity and almost uniformly with
kindness.
Public sentiment will set itself against and correct
what few political outrages there may havo been—
though I have seen none—much sooner under full
reconstruction than military rulo under the direc-
tion of Bullock, who shows his great inconsistency
and want of sincerity by crying outrages, while he
has exercised tho pardoning power until courts and
jurors have but little to encourage them in the pros-
ecution of crime. Instead of striving to allay bitter
animosities and promote peace and prosperity as the
chief Executive of a great State, it nas been and is
still his effort to stir up hatred and strife, that ho may
get a firmer hold on Georgia by which to exercise
his usurpations and tyranny on all who will not be-
come his pereonr.l adherents and accomplices m mis-
