1870.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4823
sion to be "deposited in the post office?" He
cannot deposit in the mail.
Mr. WILLEY. Very well; let that change
be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
The Secretary read the ninety-fifth section.
Mr. CONKLING. The other day the_ frank-
ing privilege was allowed to stand in this body
by a majority of two votes; bat when I remem-
ber the multitude of Senators who voted " no,"
merely because the question arose on an appro-
priation bill, who were determined to abol-
ish the franking privilege, who panted for the
opportunity to do it as soon as it was in order,
I cannot suppose the design is to leave that so-
called privilege standing much longer. There-
fore I suggest to the chairman who has this bill
in charge that he had better not assume the onus
in this bill, if he wishes to weather the storm,
of doing anything favoring the franking privi-
lege, because he will encounter three quarters,
I should think at a liberal estimate, of the votes
of this body against this privilege, which is so
odious here, without taking the vote in con-
nection with an appropriation bill.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from New
York need not shake the gory locks of that
phantom at me; he cannot say I did it; but
the question of the franking privilege is not
involved here. Here is an arrangement to get
books deposited in the Library of Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the chairman
allow me to suggest that the Senator from New
York cannot shake his gory locks at anybody?
He cannot say it was done at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, that is
the only reason I could not shake my locks, if
they were gory, at both the Senators. [Laugh-
ter.] If it had been done at all effectually, my
locks, gory or otherwise, might be shaken at
either of them with great propriety.
Mr. CARPENTER. Another difficulty in
the way of the Senator shaking his locks is that
they curl too tight. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. That wa.s too good to be
heard as far as this, and we all regret it. This
does extend the franking privilege, not only to
the Librarian of Congress in respect of his per-
mission to receive matter free, but extends it
to all the authors. Why r.ot?
That any such copyright book or other matter may
be sent to the Librarian of Congress by mail tree of
postage, provided the words " copyright matter " arc
plainly written or printed on the outside of the pack-
age containing the same.
If I were disposed to be critical about this
matter I could not only say with truth that it
extends the franking system to authors, but
it reestablishes the practice, which has been
tabooed by our legislation for some years, of
using a stamp for this purpose instead of apply-
ing it by the manual signature.
Mr. NYE. I am with you on this.
Mr. CONKLING. TheSenatorfromNevada
says he is with me on this question. We see
ill what great numbers these apparent friends
of the franking privilege are coining over now
when the appropriation bill is out of the way,
and they have an opportunity to get at this
question unembarrassed by other things. I
think that had better be left out.
The PRESIDING OFFICEK. The Chair
will remind Senators that the amendments pro-
posed by the committee are not yet completed.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not the question on
agreeing to this amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not an
amendment. It is part of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Then at the proper time
I shall move to strike out the section. I sup-
posed it was an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from New York that this law has been
standing from time immemorial; I do notknow
how long. It is not a new feature at all. It is
the old law. This bill is the codification of the
commissioners to revise and codify the laws.
It has been introduced in its codified form in
the other House, and just stands here as the
law is now.
Mr. CONKLING. That may be ; but to be
serious about it, I do not think we had better
at this moment do anything by affirmative legis-
lation to reaffirm or reestablish the so-called
franking privilege. The Senator will allow me
to say, for one, that I hope yet to get an oppor-
tunity during this session to test the sense of the
Senate upon that question, when Senators who
are particularly opposed to the continuance of
this system will not be forbidden to express
their real convictions by the fact that the ques-
tion is taken on an amendment to an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to suggest to
the Senator from New York that it is hardly
in order to move this franking privilege matter
in the absence of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey,] whose unquestionable prerog-
ative that is. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. That is a good sugges-
tion ; but we shall have the Senator from Min-
nesota to vote with1 us by the time the vote is
reached.
Mr. PRATT. Senators are mistaken in sup-
posing the Senator from Minnesota is absent.
He is here on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. STOCKTON. I suggest to the Senator
from New York that with the views he has on
the subject of adding to appropriation bills and
other bills amendments not germane or proper,
the course for him to take now is to move the
abolition of the franking privilege as an amend-
ment to this bill. [Laughter.]
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
six, to stiike out the words " see that it is safely
forwarded" and insert the words "mail it;"
so that the section will read:
That the postmaster to whom such copyright book
or other article is delivered shall, if requested, given,
receipt therefor; and when so delivered he shall mail
it to its destination without cost to the proprietor.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. WILLEY. There is a word omitted in
the second line of that section. After the
word "book" the word "title" ought to be
insG-rfc6d 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
seven, after the word " thereof" to insert " or
on the face of the substance on which the same
shall be mounted."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
nine, line nine, after the word " pay" to strike
out the following:
Fifty cents for every sheet thereof which may be
found in his possession, either printing, printed, pub-
lished, imported, or exposed for sale; one moiety
thereof to the proprietor and the other to the uso
of the United States, to be recovered by action.
And in lieu thereof to insert the words :
Such damages as may be recovered in a civil
action by such proprietor.
So that the section will read :
Sec. 99. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son, after the recording of the title of any book as
herein provided, shall within the term limited, and
without the consent of the proprietor of the copy-
right first obtained in writing, signed in presence of
two or more witnesses, print, publish, or import, or
knowing tho same to be so printed, published, or
imported, shall expose to sale any copy of such book,
such offender shall forfeit every copy thereof to said
proprietor, and shall also forteit and pay such dam-
ages as may be recovered in a civil action by such
proprietor in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The amendment was agreed to.
• The next amendment was in section one
hundred and seven, line three, to strike out the
word " circuit" before the word " court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is upon the reserved amendments of the
committee, in the second and third sections of
the bill; striking out in section two. line thir-
teen, the words "Secretary of the_Interior,
upon nomination of the and also in section
three striking out the words " Secretary of the
Interior" and inserting " Commissioner of
Patents;" and also striking out the words
"upon like nomination."
Mr. WILLEY. I do not know whether the
Senator is here who desired me to postpone '
those amendments; but as I stated, there is
some controversy as to whether the nomina-
tion of these officers should be made by the
Commissioner of Patents or by the Secretary
of the Interior. The Secretary of the Interior
thinks that for the order and harmony and
vigor and efficiency of. his Department he
should have the right to nominate these clerks.
While the present Commissioner and Secretary
of the Interior occupy their positions there
will be no difficulty, because their relations are
perfectly harmonious. The original bill pro-
vided that the appointments should be made
upon the nomination of the Commissioner of
Patents, confirmed by the Secretary of the In-
terior. That will be a source of strife and diffi-
culty all the time, and lead to confusion and
be a detriment to the office. The question now
presented is whether the nomination of these
clerks and subordinate officers should be vested
in the Secretary of the Interior or in the Com-
missioner of Patents, and I leave the question
to be decided by the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roz in the chair.) The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment of the Committee on
Patents, to strike out on page 2, section
two, line thirteen, the words " Secretary of
the Interior upon nomination of the;" so as
to confcr the power of appointment on the
Commissioner of Patents; and also to make a
similar amendment in the third section.
Mr. HARLAN. I hardly think that would
be right. That would be perfectly anomalous.
There is no such another case connected with
the administration of the Government'as sub-
ordinating the head of aDepartment to one of
the commissioners.
Mr. DAVIS. I will simply 'remark that •
under the Constitution we cannot vest the ap-
pointment of officers in the Commissioner of
Patents. Here is the plain provision of the
Constitution on that subject:
"He [the President] shall have power, hy and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of tho Senate, shall appoint em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of tho Supreme Court, and all other officers of the Uni-
ted States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
law; but the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of such inferior officers, as they think proper,
in the President alone, m tho courts of law, or in tho
heads of Departments."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on these amendments of the committee.
The amendments were rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. Now, I desire those sections
to be so modified, leaving out all unnecessary
words, as to vest the appointment of these
officers in the Secretary ot the Interior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such mod-
ifications as are necessary to make the text
consistent with the action of the Senate will
be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. WILLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to move to amend the bill
on page 55, by inserting after section one hun-
dred and nine the following:
And he it further enacted. That the clerk of each rtf
the district courts of the United States shall trans-
mit forthwith to the Librarian of Congress all books,
maps, prints, photographs, music, and othor public-
ations of every nature whatever deposited m sanl
clerk's office, and not heretofore sent to the Depart-
ment of the Interior at Washington, together with a
certified transcript of the records of copyright in his
possession, including the titles so recorded and the
dates of record which have not alieady been trans-
mitted to the Secretary of State or of the Interior in
pursuance of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am directed by the .
Committee on Patents to offer an amendment,
