1870.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
3879
upon leas food and accomplish more in a steady
earnest effort than any other people known
since the world began. Father Du Halde says
the Chinese foot soldier lives upon one measure
of rice per day, while the emperor's horsemen
each receive two measures of small beans for
their daily subsistence. No other people on
earth could live on such fare and perform mil-
itary service. Yet they are a brave and warlike
people when permitted to take the field. In
1759 the Emperor Kien-Long subdued and
added to his empire all of the country of the
Eleuthes or Kalmucks. With that conquest
he acquired not only the vast country belong-
ing to the three divisions of the Eleuthes, but
also Little Bokhara, Cashgar, and Zerguen,
with all their dependencies.
The emperor certainly would have extended
his conquests further had he found profit in
the pasttime, for pasttime it was. If Chinese
should conclude to make this country tributary
to their country it would certainly put us to a
great deal of trouble to prevent it, if they had,
to begin with, a large army of their people on
our shores. The Chinese empire is not only
the most thickly populated but the best culti-
vated country on the globe. Three thousand
nine hundred years ago they took up one of
their principal rivers because of its terribly
devastating inundations and divided it into
nine canals. These are to this day navigable,
and their waters irrigate and fertilize the fair-
est portions of creation. But China has other
canals running through all parts of the empire.
One of the old French missionaries says he
traversed one canal for one thousand miles;
that, for the entire distance it would float the
largest ship, and that it was lined with hewn
stone from one end to the other.
From the investigation I have been able to
give this subject I am persuaded that the canal
system of China has cost more than five times
as much labor as all the other canals of which
history gives us any account, not even except-
ing the mighty works of this nature which
joined the Euphrates to the great parallel
rivers of Asia, making the great valleys and
plains spreading off into the Persian Gulf the
richest in the world during their time; also
including the canal system of Egypt in its best
days, to which the present Suez canal com-
pares as the mark of a rain-drop on a pane of
glass compared to the Mississippi river. As
an evidence of what this wonderful and dis-
tinctive people can do, it is well to consider
fora momentthegreat Chinese wall. This great
wall is about fifteen hundred miles in length,
and is from fifteen to thirty-six feet in height,
owing to the kind of surface it runs over. It
runs over mountains and rivers without devi-
ation. It is built of solid stoue and brick, and
guarded the entire distance with towers and
battlements, so that no portion is left unde-
fended by a sheltered position. The top is
covered with hewn stone cut into fine grooves
for the convenience of horse, six horsemen
being able to ride abreast on its top. The
whole of this wonderful work was completed
in five years from its beginning. This is cer-
tainly the most wonderful work of man. It is
fully equal, in the amount of labor it cost to
accomplish it, to five thousand railroads like
ours across the continent. From the best data
accessible there must have been employed in
its construction, constantly for five years, not
less than forty million people. Without steam
or other improved modes of transportation, and
without machinery for raising heavy bodies, all
the laborof Europe and America could hardly
accomplish a similar work in so short a time.
Although now considerably over two thou-
sand years old, it is still in a good state of pres-
ervation. Still the Chinese have had no occa-
sion to use it as a means of defense for a long
time past, and hardly ever will have again.
I mention these things in the earnest hope
that the people of the United States may be
awakened to the power of the Chinese empire
and to the danger of making Chinamen citi-
zens, and to the demoralizing and destructive
effect that would certainly result to our coun-
try from a great inpouring of them upon our
laborers and upon the people.
Now, sir, let me see what we are making by
our commercial relations with China. First,
however, I should remark that I am in favor
of free commerce with every people and every
nation on earth where our merchants desire to
trade and where our sailors will dare to go.
As showing fairly the disadvantages of our
present intercourse with the Chinese people, I
will quote the following article from the Daily
Examiner of San Francisco :
" What are the facts in regard to Chinese immigra-
tion? We will take the statistics of arrivals for the
last two years by the mail steamships alone. We
derive our figures from Beal's Commercial Herald,
of this city, of January 1-1. In 1868 there arrived
6,835, and in 1869, 9,019. Here, it will be seen, there
was an increase of more than two thousand by this
line of conveyance last year over the year previous.
During the samo years there left, in 1868, 4,018, and
in 1809, 1,839. This makes tlio excess of arrivals over
departures 7,017. Thisdoes not look as though ' the
vessels now carry back as many as they bring.' So
much for the steamship passengers. Grant addi-
tional bounties to this company, and doublo the ser-
vice as Cole proposes, and of courso the numbers
this way will Be groatly increased.
"The same paper gives us tables of the general pas-
senger movement, and we find that the arrivals at
this port from China and Japan during the year 1869
loot up 1-1,991. The departures to those places num-
ber 4,890. It will thus bo seen that nearly all the
departures have been by steamer, while sail vessels
have brought nearly six thousand. This is accounted
for by the fact that those who go home have money
and take the fleetest and most pleasant conveyance,
while those who come have none, and many of them
are compelled to take the cheaper conveyancc.
Thus is Mr. Cole's statement completely exploded.
"And now, in this connection, we invito thoattcn-
tion of our grave legislators at W ashington to the cost
of this Chinese immigration business. The following
are our shipments ol treasure to China during tlie
past sixteen years:
1851   £965,887
1855   889,075
185 6  1,308,852
185 7  2,993,26+
185 8  1,916,007
185 9  3,100,756
186 0  3.374,680
186 1  3,511,279
186 2  2,660.7o4
1803  4,200,370
18fii  7,888,973
180 5  6,963,522
180 6  11,527,287
180 7  9,031,501
1868 
1869  b,48/.445
Total £68,059,250
"Thus it will bo seen that China has got of our
treasure in the last sixteen years upward of sixty-
eijjht million dollars, and what have we in return?
What do these returning Mongolians leave behind
them? What do we get from China in exchange?
To what extent does China furnish us a market?
Wo again quote from JVlr. Beat's market review.
Our merchandise export to China, embracing every-
thing save treasure, foots up in the past throe years
as follows: ill 1867, $1,325,330; 1868, ^1,161,020; 1869,
$1,316,910.
"Is'not this paying pretty dear for our Chinese
whistle ? In three years wo exported to China less
than four millions of produce and merchandise and
upward of S21.500.000 of treasure? What do we get
in return for this immense drain of bullion ? Let the
following table of our eutire importations of the last
year from China, as given in the Bulletin's market
review, answer the question :
Bice 
Ilemp  104.0-il
Nut'oil  76,23?
Opium  onHfa
Silk  ; 8
 M
Sundries  oj-,-00
Total  $1,644,890
"Could anything more lucidly expose this Chinese
imposition than these figures? Could anytlnngbet-
ter show the iniquity of the attempt onthe part ot
the Radicals to stimulate still further Chinese immi-
gration? If wo wore to take from six to nine mil-
lions of gold each year outside of the Golden bate
and sink it in the depths ot the ocean it would not
be more completely lost to us or unproductive ttian
those millions taken from us by the Chinese. And
thus have gone 668,000,000 of our gold and silver,
abstracted Jroni the productive capit.il of the coun-
try, without leaving a. single improvement behind
to indicate that they were ever here."
Although a partisan paper, the Examiner
has no superior in all the United States in
point of ability and fairness. Now, it is easy
to see what advantage the Chinese are to Cal-
ifornia. But there is no possible connection
between the question of commerce with China
and the coolie trade and Chinese citizenship.
But to resume. We pay them over-five dollax-s
for every dollar's worth we receive. Aside
from our gold exports to China the free ex-
change of commodities might be desirable,
even though the balance of trade be somewhat
against us. But for the poor boon of that
trade can we afford to allow them to work our
mines; carry our rich treasures from the
country, leaving nothing in return? Can we
allow them to displace and starve our laboring
people simply because God is the universal
father?
The tide of immigration is growing stronger
and stronger as they become more and more
familiar with our country and more certain of
protection from our laws. If it should go on
increasing for ten years as it has in the last six
months a flood would break over us that would
bury the white population of this country out
of sight forever. And of course, while this
tide is increasing and setting in upon us with
increasing volume and force, just in proportion
to that increase will our wealth ebb away from
us, to be lost forever. Nearly everything im-
ported to California from China is for the Chi-
nese population, and is of no sort of advantage
to the commerce of the State.
But as to the question of naturalizing the
Chinese, what good can be accomplished by
it? Who demand it? Not the Chinese them-
selves, but a class of theorists who know noth-
ing and care nothing for the ruin they would
inflict upon a portion of their country so they
eau champion a winning cause. I do not wish
to provoke these men to additional activity,
but I must say, in my humble opinion, the
very highest crime a man can commit is com-
mitted where he turns against his country and
Ins race. All agitation in favor of enfranchis-
ing the Chinese is a war upon the rights of the
States and a war against republican self-gov-
ernment—a war iu the interest of paganism
and against the ever-living God. It is a war
which, if kept up, must eventually end in
another war; a war not of ideas and of logic,
but of lead and steel ending in blood and car-
nage. It is not proposed to give the Chinaman
the ballot that he may protect himself against
oppression. ITe is already protected so far as
laws can protect him.
The first section of the fourteenth amend-
ment reads:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wlierem
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge the privileges or immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without duo process of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection ot the
laws."
The last clause of this section puts the China-
man on an equality with every other unnatu-
ralized foreigner in the land, and that is certainly
going full far enough in his behalf if it is not
the deliberate intention to make him a voter.
In fact, upon his naturalization, without some
unfriendly legislation, he would become a voter
by that act and by the fifteenth amendment;
so we must conclude that his naturalization is
for the purpose of making him a voter.
Of course I believe that the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments have been adopted by
violations of the Constitution, by perjury, by
duress, by fraud, and by crimes against our
free institutions and our country, crimes ten
thousand times worse than individual murder.
While [ say this 1 am free to confess I careless
forthegeneral principles ofthefiftoenth^naend-
ment than 1 do for the motives aud objects of
its advocates. The statesmen who aided in
the, perpetration of this wrong and outrage
need not hope, because the countiy yields, that
their infamy will go without being written.
No ; they will be written into the great nebula
