1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4}
villa, Sullivan county, Missouri, foe the game
purpose.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of George
G. Northrop and 25 others, citizens of Park
Lane, Litchfield^ county, Connecticut, asking
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The memorial of C. A.
Sheldon and 60 others, business men of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for the acceptance by the
United States-of the St. Mary's Falls ship-
canal, and asking an appropriation of money
therefor.
. By Mr. BECK: The petition of George W.
Lehintooth, of Hickman county, Kentucky,
praying for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of John-C. Wickliffe, of
Nelson county, Kentucky, praying for relief
from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Wickliffe, of
Nelson county, Kentucky, praying for relief
from political disabilities.
By Mr. BIGGS: The memorial of William
H. Betts and 38 others, citizens of Sussex
county, Delaware, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the memoral of C. J. Harrington and
40 others, citizens of Kent county, Delaware,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The I
petition of Curtis G. Moore and 29 others,
'citizens of South Dedham, Massachusetts, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFIN-TON;- The memorial of
Horace Chapman and 35 others, of Dennis;
also,- the petition of C. M. Bearse and 39
others, of Falmouth; also, the petition of A. |
B. Felker and 45 others, of Cotuit; also, the |
petition of Thomas E. Holway and 16 others, \
of Spring Hill, all of Massachusetts, and all ;
praying for the abolition of the franking privi- i
lege.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition, signed by citizens
of Lehigh, Montgomery, Lancaster, Columbia,
Carbon, and Berks counties,Pennsylvania, and
Phillipsburg, New Jersey, representing thirty- j
seven furnaces, producing over, two hundred
and seventy tho<usand tons of pig-iron, respect- J
fully expressing their belief, based upon per-
sonal knowledge, that the statement of the cost
of producing pig-irati, made by the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, will be found i
upon a critical examination erroneous, and if ;
accepted by Congress a most dangerous guide II
to legislation.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petitions of J. J.
Rich and 40 others, citizens of South Richland,
New York; of H. J. Gary and 68 others, citi-
zens of Oswego, New York; of George E.
Nash and 78 others, citizens of Poolville, New
York; of A. L. Howe and 78 others, citizens of
Oswego Falls, New York; of P. McDoel arid
44 others, citizens of Bennet's Corners, New
i York, for the abolition of thefranking privilege.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of C. Jones
and 39 others, citizens of Minden, Michigan, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. S. Axtell, post*
master, and 16 others j citizens of Macomb,
Michigan, for the same object.
Also, the petition of. N. i\ Kirk, postmaster,
and 63 others, citizens of Hartiand, Michigan,
ibr the same object
Also, the petition of Harvey Mack and 35
others, citizens of Commerce, Michigan, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Ira A. Rice and 86
others, citizens of Milton, Michigan, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of Morgan L. Standiah and
61 others, citizens of Troy, Michigan, for tie
same object; " ■ . .
"Also, the petition of William Whitfield and
101 others, citizens ofWaterford, Michigan/for
the same object. . . r ■ ,
Also, the petition of: John Alien and 34
others, citizens of. Lynn; Michigan, for the
same object. . ' ,
Also., the petition ofL. H. Fitch andlS others-,
of Davisville, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Charles T. Campbell
and 32 others, citizens of Orion, Michigan, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Charles Lewis and 60
others, citizens of Wales, Michigan, for the
same objeet.
Also, the petition of John C. Cook and 81
others, citizens of St. Clair, Michigan, for the
same object.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
of Williamson, Wayne county, New York, to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Marion, Wayne
county, New York, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kelloggsville,
Cayuga county, New York, for the same*
By Mr. CREBS: Th6 petition of Dr. J. B.
McSwane and 36 others, citizenB of Grayville,
Whitecounty, Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
j Also, the petition of D. R. Harrison and 118
! others, citizens of Herrin's Prairie, Williamson
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
i Also, the petition of H. Vanderer and 51
others, citizens of Samsville, Edwards county,
i Illinois^ praying for the abolition of the frank-
| ing privilege.
! Also, the petition of W. R. Patton and 43
i others, citizens of Elkville, Jackson county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the fratik-
ing privilege.
i By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Jacob
0. Bowlus and others, of Kanjstis; Seneca
county, Ohio* and B. P. Smith and others, of
Bellevue, Ohio, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. W. MiUerand others,
citizens of Attica, Seneca county, Ohio, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
_ By Mr. FERRISS: Seventeen petitions of
citizens of the sixteenth districtqf New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FISHER: Nine petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GETZ: Petitions from the Reading
Medical Association and Berks county Medi-
cal Society, of Pennsylvania, praying Congress ,
to enact a law giving definite and appropriate
rank to medical officers in the naval service*
^ AIso, three petitions from citizens of Cross
Kill Mills, Fetherolfsville and Mountain post
office, Berks- county, Pennsylvania, prayiDg
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GILFILLAN-: A petition of citizens
of Strattonville, Clarion county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens, of Washington
township, same county, of like import. ■
Also, a petition of citizens of New Hamburg,
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like import:
Also, a petition of citizenB of New Vernon
township, same county,, of like import
Also, a petition of citizens of Blooming Val-
ley, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a memorial from manufacturers of
pig-iron in Pennsylvania, inviting inquiry into
the report of Special Commissioner Wells as
to duties on pig-iron.
By Mr. HAMBLETON: Petitions of sundry
citizens of Cecil, Kent, Talbot, Caroline, Wico-
mico, Somerset, andWorcester counties, Mary-
land, in fay or of the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HAMILL: A petition of citizens of
Oakland, Maryland, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege. -
Also a petition from Petersville, Maryland,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. HILL: A petition of 224 citizens
fromthe following towns in the third and fourth
districts of New Jersey, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege: Vernon, Orange,
Ringwood Furnace, New Providence, and
Vienna; and also of 56 citizens of Royalton
Pennsylvania, asking for the same. '
By Mr. HOAR: The memorial of Charles
Wood, of Worcester, Massachusetts, in favor
of reducing duties on steel.
Also, the memorial of F. H. Rimwalte of
Worcester, Massachusetts, for the same. '
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: &
petition of citizens of North Chelsea, Massa-
chusettsj praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the memorial and remonstrance of
j William Claflin and 88 others, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, against the repeal of the duty on
!i leather.
By Mr. JOHNSON: Seven petitions for the
I abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: Five peti-
tions from citizens of Newport, Kentucky, to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Campbell
county, Kentucky, to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
: By Mr. KERR:'The memorial of John H.
, Thomas, Samuel Thomas, and 40 others, citi-
zens of Georgetown, Floyd county, Indiana,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
! ilege.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin H. Freeland,
J. G. Crosier, and 25 others, citizens of Dubois
county, Indiana, praying 'for the abolition of
; the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM:. The petition of Porter
; W. Silvernail and 18 others, of. Oblong; of
i Edmond Rockefeller and 43 others, of German-
town ; of James R, Kerley and. $3 others, of
Upper Red Hook, and of L. Pomeroy and 24
others of Copake Iron Works, New York, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
i By Mr. McKENZIE: Petitions of 34 cit-
izens of Upperville, Virginia, and of 22 cit-
izens of Rectortown, Virginia, in . fkvor of
abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of 43 citizens of Hickers-
I ville, Virginia, for the same object. .
, I By Mr. MAY-HAM: A resolution and
! memorial of the Board of Trade of the city
; of Albany, New York, asking the erection of
, a public buildingin that city, :
By Mr. McNEELY: The petitionof Thomas
! McCluggage and others, citizens of Mason
]j county, Illinois, asking for the abolition of
j the frankiug privilege.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of
Robert F. Clark) of Mecklenburg county^ Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of politioal
disabilities.
By Mr. NEGLEY : The petition - of B.
Raff, of the District of Columbia, for author-
ity. to receive moneys due him from the estate
j of a colored soldier, deceased.
i n By Mis. O'NEILL: Petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia, numerously signed, who areea-
gaged in the various branches of book manu-
facture, asking for a specific duty of at least
twenty-five cents per pound ob~ foreign books.
By Mr. PACKARD : Petitions of citizens
of Deep River, Tolleston, Lake Station, and
Winfield, Lake county, Indiana, for the aboli-
tion of the . franking privilege.
By Mr. POLAND: The petitions of N. L.
Stetson andothers, of Whittingham, Vermont;
Daniel Taft and others, of Taftsville, Ver-
mont, and J. H. Buck and others, of Westfield,
Vermont, -for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of E. S.
Carpenter and others, of Hook's Point, Iowa,
for .the. abolition of the franking privilege-
• Also, the petition of J. A. Kerr and others,
of Parkersburg, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the. petition of C. D. Wheelock and
others, of Clarksville, Iowa, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of John Melrose and
others, of Gold Field, Iowa, for the same pur*
pose,
