1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Laiorence.
Ho. of Reps.
Chase, when speaking of the rebel State gov-
ernment of Texas under similar circumstances:
" That government immediately disappeared."—
Texas V3. White, 25 Texas Rep,, supplement, 602.
Thus the State was left without any lawful
permanent civil State government. I know
President Johnson, by his proclamations in 1865,
undertook to and did set up a State govern-
ment. D uring the state of war which succeeded
actual hostilities the war power was competent
as in war to establish a military, or quasi mili-
tary government for temporary purposes, but
not permanent civil government.
The authority exercised by President John-
son in the form, through the officers, and to
the extent which he exercised it for the pur-
pose of establishing permanent government
was unauthorized, unconstitutional—a usurpa-
tion.
So held the great war minister Stanton,
and with him the military saviour and now cus-
todian of the Republic, Grant—
" Whose name alone strikes every title dead—
as shown by the investigations of the Judiciary
Committee of the House of Representatives in
1868. (House Rep. Com., No. 7, Fortieth Con-
gress, first session.)
So held the Congress of 1865 and every suc-
ceeding Congress, and so evidently held the
Supreme Court in Texas vs. White and Chiles,
where the court on this subject say :
"The power exercised by the President was sup-
posed, doubtless, to bo derived from his constitu-
tional functions as Commander-in-Chief; and solonff
us thewar continued itcannot bedenied thathe might
institute temporary government within insurgent dis-
tricts occupied by the national forces," &c.
The court then proceed to show that the re-
establishment or reconstruction of permanent
State government belongs to Congress, which
has "a discretion in the choice of means," and,
within constitutional limits, on political ques-
tions is the exclusive judge of what is necessary
and proper. I do not now inquire how far
this temporary government set up by President
Johnson, or any one which might have been
properly instituted by military power, might
during its existence, either in virtue of the
recognition given by the reconstruction acts or
without it, either as a de facto or a legal gov-
ernment, perform the ordinary civil functions
of a State government. (25 Texas Rep., Supt.,
608.)
But the sole power of reestablishing civil
State government in Gfeorgia was in Congress
as a legislative power, and by such means as
Congress might deem proper. In support of
this I will quote only what the Supreme Court
said in December, 1868, in Texas vs. White and
Chiles, in relation to the State of Texas, which
upon the same facts is equally applicable to
Georgia. Chief Justicc Chase says :
"All odmit that during this condition of civil war
the rights of the State as a member and of its people
as citizens of the Union were suspended." " *
' " When the war closed there was no gov-
ernment in the State except that which had been
organizedfor the purpose of waging war against the
United States. That fiovornment immediately dis-
appeared." ■  • * "The slaves became
freemen." " The new freemen ne-
cessarily became a part of the people, and the people
still constituted the State." * "Audit
was the State thus constituted which wasnowenti-
tled^to the benefit of the constitutional guaran-
tor " The authority for the per-
tormanceofthe" ' "newduties
iniposed on the United States" ' * * ::'
of reestablishing the broken relations of the State
withtheUnion," - * "wasderived
lrom the obligation of the United States to 'guar-
anty to every State in the Union a republican form of
government. ' * - * t "Inthe oxereise
oi the power conferred by the guarantee clause,
I,Const., art. 4, sec, 4.)" *■ -= * "a dis-
cretion in the choice of means is necessarily al-
lowed. *■ * "The power to carry
mto enect the clause of guaranty is primarily a legis-
lativc power and resides in Congress."
Chief Justice Chase held substantially the
same language in April, 1869, in the case re-
ported in the 25 Texas Reports, supplemental
Paschal,) 623, in re Ccesar Griffin.
Here, then, is a vindication of the authority
of Congress as exercised in enacting the re-
construction laws. The Constitution justifies
all that has been done in relation to Georgia.
But it is said that a State government has
been organized in Georgia and is in operation
under the reconstruction acts; that Georgia
has complied with the conditions required by
the act of June 25, 1868, and that Represent-
atives were admitted in the Fortieth Congress;
and so this House is now estopped from deny-
ing the right of representation.
In answer to this I say it is now shown that
Georgia did not comply with the terms of the
act of June 25, 1868; that the House alone
could not make any decision operating as an
estoppel; and new facts have siuce arisen.
I. That act declared that—
" No person prohibited from holding office" 4
* * * "by section three of the proposed (four-
teenth) amendment to tho Constitution" * *
* * "shall be deemed eligible to any office."
But, in violation of this, the Legislature is
composed largely of that class of persons.
II. The constitution of Georgia, sanctioned
by the reconstruction acts, secures to the freed-
men the right to hold office.
In violation of this they have been excluded
from this right.
III. This House admitted Representatives
in the Fortieth Congress on the 25th July, 1868.
This proves only that it was the opinion of the
House at that time that Georgia had complied
with the act of June 25, or that the House was
willing to waive any failure to comply.
That action was hasty and ill-advised. But
it furnishes no reason now why Georgia should
not yet be required to comply with the con-
ditions of the act of June 25, and should in
addition be required to place the future good
conduct of her Legislature beyond doubt.
There are two considerations which seem to
justify this:
1. When a State government has been de-
stroyed, and thereestablishmentof a new State
government becomes necessary, as in Georgia,
neither House of Congress acting alone can,
by admitting Representatives or otherwise,
decide that the State is reorganized, is recon-
structed, has complied with required terms, or
is entitled to representation. Neither House
of Congress has any right or power to admit
Representatives until both Houses by " some
joint action'' have decided that reconstruction
is complete and representation a right.
This House so resolved in December, 1865;
Congress so determined by the joint resolution
of July 23, 1866, restoring Tennessee to her
relations to the Union ; Congress so held in the
act of Juue 22, 1868, to admit the State of
Arkansas, and by the seventh section of the act
of April 10,1869, in relation to Virginia, Texas,
and Mississippi, and it necessarily follows from
that decision of the Supreme Court which
affirms that—
"The power to carry into effect the clause of guar-
anty is primarily a legislative power and resides in
Congress."
Not in either branch alone, but both, by some
joint act or concurrent acts equivalent thereto.
If this were not so there might be two State
governments in a State, one reaognized by this
House by the admission of Representatives,
and the other by the Senate by the admission
of Senators. A power legislative in its nature
cannot be consummated by one House of Con-
gress ;itrequiresboth. The righ^tofrepresenta-
tion was not and could not, then, be decided by
the House, and the refusal of the Senate to
admit Senators leaves Georgia subject to the
authority of Congress, clothed as it is with the
power to decide the mode and the time of res-
toration, and to govern in their discretion with
a view to that end.
2. Then, again, the action of the Legislature
of Georgia in expelling the freedmen and filling
their places with men who were never elected
occurred after this House had admitted Repre-
sentatives from that State. If my voice could
be heard and my counsels followed I would now
give Georgia a probation that would secure her
fidelity beyond a peradventure. I would not
permit the rights of her loyal citizens to rest on
the construction given to her constitution by
her supreme court, but I would require it to be
engraved on her constitution so plain that it
would require no construction. I would act
on the opinion of the supreme court that it is
the State constituted of freedmen as well as of
others that is "entitled to the benefit of the
constitutional guarantee," a guarantee which
willremainunfulfilled until equal political rights
shall be secured for every sane adult citizen
guiltless of infamous crime. Congress, then,
has the power to pass this bill, and more if
necessary in our judgment.
And the power of reconstruction extends not
only to States whose governments have been
actually overthrown, but, as declared by the
Supreme Court, to every State whose govern-
ment is—
"In imminent danger of being overthrown by an
opposing government sot up by force within tho
State,"
And I will add, upon the same principle
Congress may reconstruct a State where the
people by terrorism, fraud, disregard of law,
or under the influence of popular frenzy or
excitement, have so modified an existing State
government that it ceases to be republican in
torm, or when it fails to secure to the people
that protection or freedom of elections without
which there is no genuine government at all.
Suppose Tennessee should permit a reign of
terror under which there could be no free elec-
tion, she would at once cease to have a repub-
lican government, and imminent danger of its
long continuance would justify Congress in in-
terfering to fulfill the guarantee required by the
Constitution. The time may soon come, if it
is not now, when questions of this character
may be very properly considered.
And now having sufficiently shown that Con-
gress has power to pass this bill, I will not
dwell upon its expediency. That it will for
the present at least furnish a remedy for exist-
ing evils cannot be doubted. That is better
than nothing. No better measure is presented.
Let us, then, pass this. It is substantially the
measure recommended by the President in his
annual message, and by General Terry, com-
manding the department of the South, in his
report to the Adjutant General of the Army
on the 14th of August, 1869, and for which
ample and cogent reasons are given, (Senate
Ex. Doc. No. 3, 41st Cong., 2d sess.) During
this debate the motives and official acts of a
distinguished citizen of Georgia—the Governor
of the State, Rufus B. Bullock—have been
assailed. Fortunately his good name and fame
have been already vindicated.
But why these assaults ? They do not affect
the question whether Georgia should be recon-
structed on a right basis. If this bill shall
become a law the military commander of the
department including Georgia will, under the
reconstruction acts, have power to remove all
officers if the public good requires it.
But the truth of history requires me to say
that Governor Bullock, "faithful among the
faithless," has earned the vindictive hostility
of men who guilty of the crime of rebellion,
with no semblance of penitence, would snatch
from the Republic the fruits of victory and
subvert the principle of political equality
among men.
Through all the strife and storm of recon-
struction this son of the South, this Governor
by the choice of the people, has stood unmoved
and immovable for the rights of the friendless,
the down-trodden, and the oppressed; and when
the history of Georgia shall be written he will
stand high, if not the highest, among her ben-
