4826
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
liim incapable of taking, and, however innocent
the transaction may be, the assignee takes noth-
ing under the section as it stands, and that is
right. But now you would forfeit this right
which the innocent assignor has attempted to
assign but has not assigned, and_would forfeit
that to the United States for a tliing that has
no criminality in it whatsoever.
Mr. DAVIS. I apprehend this subject very
differently from what my learned and able
friends do who have just addressed the Senate.
This amendment is not intended to produce a
forfeiture ; it is intended to prevent such trans-
fers. Now, as I understand the patent laws as
they exist, such assignments of any interest to
persons in the employment of the Patent Office
are illegal.
Mr. T'HURMAN. They are void.
Mr. DAVIS. How often have they been
made ? Nobody can tell, because the transfer
is secret. Yet we all know, who know any-
thing of the Patent Office, that such transfers
have been frequent, and that such transfers
have controlled the granting of patent rights.
Every man knows that who knows- anything
about the matter of patents. That has been
the fact and the history of the Patent Office up
to the present day. Now, I want that remedied
if possible. I would not forfeit the whole patent
right; I would only forfeit the interest of the
party who sold, transferred, or assigned, and
only to the extent of the interest which he
transferred, sold, or assigned.
,Mr. WILLEY. To whom would the for-
feiture go?
Mr. DAVIS. Go to the public,go to every
man who chooses to use it. I would forfeit it
to the extent of the interest of the party who
made the transfer.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask my friend how the
other parties are to divide the proceeds ? Who
is to be the trustee?
Mr. DAVIS. It can be settled up just like
any other partnership.
Butthe object ofthis would be preventive, as I
comprehend it. Whenever you make it a conse-
quence of such a transfer that the whole interest
intended or attempted to be transferred is for-
feited, youbringsuch transactions to aclose, and
they will no longer be attempted. I know, from
the best authority, that up to the present time
there have been such transactions, and frequent-
ly in the Patent Office with the Commissioner,
with the examiners, and theassistant examiners,
and in consequence of them persons have re-
ceived, unjustly or improperly, patents by the
influence of officers who are thus purchased,
when without such purchase they never would
have obtained their patents at all. I think that
the remedy proposed by the honorable Senator
from Delaware will meet the case and will pre-
vent it. Wheneverpersonswhoareinterestedin
patents understand that if they attemptto make
such a transfer the interest is to be forfeited,
they will not make the transfer at all. When
a man wants to make a transfer he knows who
is the Commissioner of Patents; he knows who
the examiners are; he knows who the employes
are, and he hunts them up under the present
system, and he hunts out the officer there who
has the highest power and the greatest influ-
ence, for the express and illicit purpose of
getting a patent, when he probably could not
get it without such influence.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is very apparent that
we cannot pass this bill to-night, and I sup-
pose I only anticipate the wishes of my friend
from West Virginia when I suggest that he let
us adjourn.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope we shall not adjourn.
I understand there are only one or two amend-
ments more to be moved. We shall get through
in a few minutes. If I do not secure the pas-
sage of this bill to-night, I shall give up all
hope of passing it at this session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not believe you can
pass it in two hours ; but I will not make the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr..Po>iE-
roy) put the question on the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it,
Mr. DAVIS. I call for a division.
• Mr. HARLAN and Mr. CARPENTER.
You can offer it again in the Senate.
, M.r. DAVIS. I thought the ayes had it. It
seemed so to me.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to say one
word just at this moment, which may settle
this matter. I should like to ask the Senator
from JCentucky whether he does not believe
that now the law as it stands is that the whole
patent shall be forfeited as well as the interest
which had been conveyed to this officer, who
was derelict in his duty ?
Mr. DAVIS. Most certainly it would be ;
but what I want is to put men in motion who
will ferret out eases of such transfer with a
view to have the law executed. It is not exe-
cuted at all now.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have already had that
answer to my suggestion. Now, I should like
to ask one other.question. Does he not, by
forfeiting the interest simply, weaken the effect
of a dereliction of duty in the officer by taking
away from the patentee the penalty he incurs
by attempting to do such a thing?
Mr. DAVIS. It takes away no penalty what-
ever that exists under the present law or that
would exist by the proposed law. This remedy
■is cumulative solely, and it does not abstract
•anything whatever from the effect or operation
of any provision of the law proposed, or of the
existing law.
Mr. STOCKTON. If I could see the point
in the view that the Senator from Kentucky
does, I certainly should vote with him; but
this proposition takes away, in my judgment,
the forfeiture of the patent, which ought to
exist as a penalty; and therefore I cannot
vote for tho amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that the law
would produce such a forfeiture. I doubt
whether it would. But if it does, I know fall
well that this provision would not take away
in fact nor impair such a forfeiture at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky can renew his amendment
in the Senate if he desires to do so. We are
now in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill on
page 40, section eighty-five, line twenty-two,
by striking out "$3,500" and inserting
"$4,000;" so as to make the compensation
of the Librarian of Congress $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to move an
amendment to section twenty-five, which I
understand to be necessary to carry out the
spirit.of the bill, by striking out the words
" by reason of his having " and inserting " nor
shall any patent be declared invalid by reason
of its having been ; " so that the section will
read:
That no person shall bo debarred from receiving
a patent for his invention or discovery, norshall any
patent be declared invalid by reason of its having
been first iiatented in a foreign country."
I think the chairman of the committee will
see that this amendment is necessary to carry
out the spirit of the bill.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I submit to my friend
from Wisconsin, if that will not make it entirely
inconsistent with section sixty-two. Section
sixty-two provides that patents "shall not be
held to be void on account of the invention or
discovery, or any part thereof, having been
known or used in a foreign country, before his
invention or discovery thereof, if it had not been
patented or described in a printed publication.''
If it had been patented or described in the
foreign country, then it is to be void by sec-
tion sixty-two; and now the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin provides that a
patent shall be granted to the supposed in-
ventor here, notwithstanding the very same
invention had been patented in a foreign coun-
try. Section twenty-five, as it now stands, is
right enough, that where a person may have
obtained a patent ,in a foreign country he may
obtain a patent in this country, notwithstand-
ing he had'obtained a patent for it there; but,
if I understand the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, anything that has been
patented in a foreign country may be patented
here, and the, Commissioner of the Patent
Office, although he may know that it had been.
patented in 8 foreign country by somebody else,
is compelled to issue a patent here.
Mr. CARPENTER. " That is an unneces-
sary alarm surely, because a person could not
obtain a patent here without proving that he
was the original and first discoverer. The
object of changing the language from "his
having" to "its having" is that frequently in
foreign countries patents are not issued in the
name of the inventor, but in the name of his
attorney or some other person, on the inven-
tion, however, of the person who under our
law must apply for the patent in his own name.
Mr. THURMAN. Then leave it as it is;
only changing it so as to make it read "his
having patented it, or caused it to be pat-
cntcd*''
Mr. CARPENTER. Is not that precisely
four words for one, and coming to the same
thing ? However, if the Senator prefers those
words, I have no objection. That is what I
mean.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that amendment will be made.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is one other
amendment to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee. It is
on page 25, section fifty-three. This morning
in committee we had an examination of this
proposition to strike out in lines twenty-seven
and twenty-eight the words "nor in case of a
machine patent shall the model or drawings be
amended, except each by theother." I do not
recollect whether the chairman has already
moved that amendment or not.
Mr. WILLEY. I have not.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then I move that
amendment, to strike out in lines twenty-seven
and twenty-eight of section fifty-three the
words " nor in case of a machine patent shall
the model or drawings be am ended, except each
by the other;" so that the section will end
with the sentence, "but no new matter shall
be introduced into the specification."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That was
agreed upon in committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is one other
amendment to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman, and that is in section
twenty-four. We considered this morning
whether we would strike out the words in
lines eight and nine "unless the same is
proved to have been abandoned;" and I do
not know what conclusion the committee came
to, nor whether the chairman has made any
motion in regard to it.
Mr. WILLEY. My individual conclusion
was that they ought not to be struck out.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well; I will not
make the motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer. It is, to add to section sixteen
the following:
And no assignment, transfer, or license of any let-
tevs-pateut shall be v.ilid or enforced by any legal
proceedings unless tho same shall have been duly
acknowledged and proven by the inventor, patentee,
or person making the same before a notarv public
or a judge of a court of record having a seal, before
the recording of the same in the Patent Office; and
irom and after the approval of this act no assign-
ment, transfer, or license of any letters-patent shall
bo recorded in the Patent Office until the same shall
have been acknowledged and approved before a
notary public or a judge of a court of record, having
a seal; and all assignments, transfers, or licenses of
any letters-patent already made andrecorded in the
Patent Office, which shall be hereafter acknowledged
by the inventor, or the person or persons makingthe
same before a notary public or a judge of a court
ol record haying a seal, such acknowledgment shall
be recorded m the Patent Office in the same manner
as now provided for the recording of assignments,
licenses, or transfers of patents.
Mr. WILLEY. I hone that that amend-
