3882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
The, power exists; the mode is simple and
plain. This bill seeks to enforce the provisions
of the Constitution in as mild a manner as it
can possibly be done.
Gentlemen condemn this bill because of the
severity of its provisions. The sections to which
they refer leave the extent of the punishment
to the discretion of the court, which is to be
governed by the circumstances of the case. It
may be mild, or it maybe more severe; not
very severe in any case.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him to ask a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. "If it be a very brief one.
Mr. WOODWARD. In several of the sec-
tions of this bill the damages to be recovered
by civil action are fixed at "not less than
$500." I do not refer to those penalties which
follow indictment and conviction for misde-
meanor or felony; but all the damages to be
recovered in an action on the ease, ivhich is a
civil remedy 
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the gentleman
making a speech.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am not making a
speech ; I want to ask a question.
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to yield. I am speak-
ing upon the subject of the enforcement of the
provisions of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD. But the gentleman did
yield to me for a question.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not choose to be drawn
from the discussion of that subject.
Mr. WOODWARD. My question is  
Mr. DAVIS. I do not yield.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman in
his whole judicial experience know of any
instance of the kind in which tins Legislature
undertakes to fix the minimum of damages?
Mr. BINGHAM. I know a great many
cases where the maximum ofdamages is fixed.
Mr. WOODWARD. That I do not deny;
but not the minimum of damages.
Mr. BINGHAM. They are analogous.
Mr. WOODWARD. I deny the analogy.
Mr. DAVIS. In respect to the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution this
bill contains two provisions. One is to enable
a proceeding to be brought by writ of quo war-
ranto against, any person who enters upon an
office in violation of the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States. That section
of this bill is simply declaratory of existing
laws; it attempts the exercise of no new power;
for nothing can be clearer than the proposition
that any person who enters upon an office in
violation of the Constitution can be ejected
therefrom by process against him. This bill
provides that it may be done by writ of quo
warranto, a well-known process by which the
sovereignty of any people enforces its right
against usurpation of office.
' The bill then provides a penalty for the per-
son who shall enter upon the exercise of the
duties of any office in violation of the Consti-
tution j and that provision is so framed, it will
be noticed, that it leaves in the discretion of
the court the punishment, not a severe one at
the worst, to be exercised according to the just
discretion of the court.
It provides that the persoh so offending shall
upon conviction be punished by imprisonment
not exceeding one year; a single day will
answer the requirement of the law if the pecu-
liarities of the case shall justify that slight
imprisonment—or by a fine not exceeding
$1,000, or both, at the discretion of the court.
A fine of six cents may answer for some cases;
a fine of $1,000 may not be too much for other
cases. But the bill wisely gives to the court
I he power to judge of the circumstances in eueh
case in imposing the penalty. It may be im-
prisonment for a day, it may be a fine of six
cents. Yet this bill is complained of by gen-
tlemen as a harsh one. Sir, it is a mild, just,
equitable mode to protect and preserve the
Constitution, for the reason that it was long
ago settled that the Constitution does not exe-
cute itself. I have no more to say on that
branch of the subject.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] declares that every section of this bill
is unconstitutional except the first section.
The first section is substantially a recital of
the provisions of the Constitution. It will
be observed that this question of constitution-
ality resolves itself into a very simple proposi-
tion. In amending the Constitution of the
UnitedStates the people have seen fit to clothe
Congress with power to enforce by appropri-
ate legislation the several amendments. No
broader language could be adopted than this
with which to clothe Congress with power:
"Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article." "Appropriate" means that which
is necessary and proper to accomplish the end.
Congress, then, is clothed with so much power
as is necessary and proper to enforce the two
amendments to the Constitution, and is to
judge from the exigencies of the case what is
necessary and what is proper.
The only question, then, that remains in
respect to the enforcement of those provisions
is simply this : ought those provisions to be
left to be enforced by the laws and instrument-
alities of the several States, or shall they be
enforced by the instrumentalities of the Gov-
ernment, of the United States ? This is a mere
question of choice between authorities. I
admit Congress might have indicated in so
many words, after prohibiting the offense, that
the enforcement of these provisions should be
left to State authority. But how does that
affect the right Congress possesses under these
provisions to reserve to itself the exercise of
all those powers? It becomes, you will ob-
serve, a mere question of expediency. Is it,
in the exigency of the times, expedient that
Congress should exercise those powers? la
there such a condition of things in our coun-
try that it is wiser for Congress to set in motion
its own instrumentalities, rather than to trust
to the local authorities of the several States ?
Need I answer that question? With all the
evidence we have before us of the mode in
which elections are conducted in the southern
States, with all the evidence we have before
us of the mode in which they are often con-
ducted in the larger cities in the North, need I
answer the question ?
Ts it not wise for Congress in enforcing the
provisions of the Constitution to use its own in-
strumentalities and to resort to its own courts ?
Is there danger that the Federal courts will
scrutinize your conduct too closely? Do you
fear the Federal courts more than the State
courts? _ Why is it you prefer the State courts?
Why is it the Democratic party seek all the
while the shield and cover of the State courts
against conduct in reference to which the high-
est Democrat dare not face his own fellow-citi-
zens on a jury in a Federal court? When you
answer me that question you will have answered
the question whether it be better to leave the
execution of these provisions to the instru-
mentalities of the Federal (iov'ernment or leave
them to the States.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer? The United States marshal
packs the grand jury and also the petit jury
of the United States courts.
Mr. DAVIS. Who are the grand jurors of
the Federal courts? Who are the petit jurors
of the Federal courts?
Mr. RANDALL. They are selected by the
United States marshals, and United States
marshals are politicians.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not yield. They are men
selected from the people, men interested in the
execution of the laws, men as much interested
in the preservation of good order and of the
Government of the country as is the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] It
is for that reason, and for that alone, that the
men who commit the crime may not them-
selves be the jury, that gentlemen denounce
the provisions which carry the execution of
these laws into the Federal courts.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, rose.
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to be interrupted.
I have shown, I think, that the time has come
when the Federal Government ought to exer-
cise its power through its own means and agen-
cies. It is right, because that part of the Con-
stitution lately adopted by the people_ declares
that Congress may enforce those various pro-
visions by '''appropriate legislation." No
innocent "man, Mr. Speaker, need tremble.
None but the guilty are in danger. Let the
guilty tremble, for by the help of God it is the
intention of the people to enforce this law
against the guilty. If the Democratic party
desire to escape these obnoxious provisions, as
it calls them, let it be innocent of the crime
and all will be well with them.
But these amendments are condemned by
gentlemen on the other side because they give
penalties, they say, to informers. In vain will
they search this law for one word to justify
this assertion. No system of informers is cre-
ated; no penalty is given under this law to any
informer. Damages are given to the party
aggrieved. If a man who has the right of
suftrage comes to the polls and is denied that
right; if he be turned away under the provis-
ions of this law ; if (hat right grows out of the
Constitution of the United States, and under
such circumstances he be turned away, this
law says what the common law of the land
says, that he may recover his damages against
the party who commits the injustice. The
only change which it makes in the common
law is this : it taxes the amount of damages.
He may recover $500 against the board that
in violation of the Constitution deprives him
of the right secured to him by the Constitution
to cast his vote. The law fixes both the max-
imum and minimum amounts. In a just com-
munity, I undertake to say that no man whose
right is guarantied by the Constitution, who
is wrongfully prevented by a fraudulent board
or by a fraudulent combination of persons, from
exercising that right could expect to recover
less than $500. Would any of you, if you were
deprived by the board of inspectors of your
election in plain violation of your rights, and
you were forced to sue for the damages you suf-
fered, would any of you, I say, lay those dam-
ages at less than $500 ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT asked, and obtained, unan-
imous consent to have printed in the Globe,
as a part of the debates, some remarks which
he had prepared upon the bill under consid- '
eration. Mr. FITCH, Mr. SMITH of Oregon,
Mr. PROSSER, and Mr. TOWNSEND were
also severally granted.the like privilege.
■ [The speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. E£5ATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had
examined and found duly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same: \/'
An act (8. No. 177) creating an additional '
land district in the Territory of Colorado; and
_ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) authoriz-
ing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to
issue its bonds for the construction of its road,
and to secure the same by mortgage, and for
other purposes.
enforcement op fifteenth amendment.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] has seventeen minutes
remaining.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if I had
entertained doubts before this discussion upon
the constitutionality of this bill, or upon the
question whether the rights of the people or
the rights of the States were invaded by it,
