1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
ity presumed to be known ? Does it require a
visible case of physical disability, as put by the
Senator? Not at all; but if the fact be of
that character that it is presumed to be known,
there the votes are considered as being thrown
away, and the person having the next highest
number of votes is entitled to the office. This
is the direct statement of the highest legal
authority we have on the subject.
That is the rule as to a case where the vote
is by ballot. If the vote is viva voce, says the
authority in another section, then all the votes
given after it has been announced at the polls
that the person voted for i3 disqualified are to
be thrown away. That is the rule where the
vote is taken viva voce; but if it is taken by
ballot then they are to be thrown away where
it may be presumed that the disqualification
of the party voted for was known.
Now, Mr. President, in point of fact these
disqualified parties were understood and known
all through Georgia. They were known as soon
as they were nominated; their names were pub-
lished ; they were known by the Union men
when that Legislature was first organized; they
were known when it was organized. They
were voted for by the rebels because they had
been concerned in the rebellion and were dis-
qualified under the fourteenth amendment. It
was because of their complicity and because
of their position that they were made the favor-
ites of the rebels in those elections. Their
disqualification was perfectly understood in
point of fact, understood by everybody all over
the State, as soon as their candidacy was
announced.
I have referred to the common law of the
land, not simply applying to the State of Geor-
gia, but applying to the whole country, and I
may say that the supreme court of Indiana in
a case decided not very long ago recognized
this law as being applicable to that State by
holding that where a person was disqualified
from filling a county office by a provision of
the State constitution, the vot s cast for him
were thrown away and the person who received
the next highest number of votes was entitled
to the office, and he obtained it by a suitwhieh
was finally decided by the supreme court of
Indiana.
1 come now to the code of Georgia, and I say
that by the law of Georgia the voters were pre-
sumed to know the disqualification of those
who were ineligible under the fourteenth amend-
ment, and that their votes were thrown away.
I do not say that this particular case is embraced
in the code of Georgia, but I say that the prin-
ciple is most fully and amply recognized, and I
call the attention of the Senate now to the pro-
visions of that code. I read from page 31 of
Irwin's Code:
"If at any popular election to fill any office tho
person elected is ineligible under the foregoing rules
tho porson bavins tho next highest number of votes
who is eligible, whenever a plurality elects, shall bo
declared eleotod, and bo qualified and commissioned
to such office."
That is the general provision of the State of
Georgia without a single exception ; that votes
cast for any person disqualified by the consti-
tution of Georgia from taking tho office are to
be considered as thrown away, and the person
having the next highest number of votes is
entitled to tho office. Now, what is the char-
acter of the disqualifications referred to in the
constitution of the State of Georgia? Are they
of a visible, physical character, as in the case of
a child or a woman ? Are they such of which a
person must have knowledge by merely seeing
the candidate? No, sir, they are Hot; but I
will read the character of those disqualifica-
tions:
"1. Persons who aro not citizens of this State, nor
of tho age of twenty-one yearo or upward/5
How can you tell by looking at a candidate
whether he is a citizen of the State of Georgia,
or whether he is twenty-one years of age per-
haps? And yet the votes cas>t for such a per-
son are to be thrown away, and the person
having the next highest number of votes 1? to
take the office. Is a disqualification of that
kind more manifest to the eye than the disqual-
ification arising under the fourteenth amend-
ment? Next:
2. AU holders or receivers of public money of this
Stato. or any county thereof, who have refused when
upon, or foile"
 unt for and
officer/
called upon, or foiled after reasonable opportunity,
to account for and pay over the same to tho proper
How can the voters tell by looking at a per-
son whether he has been a receiver of public
moneys and has been a defaulter? And yet
all votes cast for such a person, whether the
voter knows the fact or not, are to be thrown
away and the person having the next highest
number of votes is to be commissioned. Again:
"3. Any person convicted and sentenced finally for
any felony under the laws of this or any other State."
A man may have been convicted of felony
in a distant State and the people of Georgia
not know anything about it, and have no means
of knowing, and yet the votes cast for such a
person are to be thrown away and the man
having the next highest number is tQ be put in
the place. Again:
"4. Persons holding any office of profit or trust
under the Government of the United States (other
than that of postmaster) or of cither of the several
States, or of any foreign State."
Again:
"5. Persons of unsound mind, and those who from
advanoed age or bodily infirmity are unfit to dis-
charge the duties of the office to which they are
chosen or appointed.
"6. Those who havo not been inhabitant's of the
State, county, district, or circuit for the period re-
quired by tho constitution and laws of this State.
"7. All persons from any causo constitutionally
disqualified."
I think that covers the exact case right here.
These parties were constitutionally disqualified,
not by the constitution of Georgia, but by the
paramount Constitution of the land. I hold
that the express ease is covered by the code
of Georgia:
"All persons from any cause constitutionally dis-
qualified."
As the Constitution of the United States is
the Constitution of Georgia and a part of the
law, it is embraced in that term:
"All officers are eligible to reelection and reap-
Sointment, and to hold other offices unless expressly
eclared to tho contrary by tho constitution or laws."
Votes cast for any of these persons thus dis-
qualified, however little the voters may know
it, although they may have no opportunities of
knowing it, are to be regarded as thrown away,
and the persons having the next highest num-
ber of votes are to be seated.
I think this objection that has been taken to
the reorganization of the Legislature of Geor-
gia is entirely swept away. There is nothing
left of it. It is a mere prejudice that has been
sought to be arrayed against the organization
of this loyal Legislature without a single par-
ticle of foundation in law or in fact; and yet
this is the burden of the cry all over the land
to-day, in the mouth of every Democratic ora-
tor, upon the page of every Democratic news-
paper, and in the mouth of every man who is
in favor of the Bingham amendment, that this
Legislature was illegally organized, because
twenty-three or twenty-four persons were ad-
mitted in place of those who were held to be
ineligible, because they had the next highest j
number of votes. I say it was legal, it was '
right, it was proper, and it was in pursuance
of the law.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the constitu-
tion of Georgia in regard to the tenure of office.
I read from the second section of the third
article:
"The election for members of the General Assem-
bly shall begin on theTuestlay after the-first Monday
in November of every seoond year, except the first
election, which shall bo within sixty days after the
adjournment of this convention; but tho General
Assembly may by law change the time of election,
and the members shall hold until their successors
are elected and qualified."
The first point to which I call your attention
is that this regulates the time without stating
the year. It is a general provision. It does
not say it shall begin in 1868 or 1869 ; but it is
a general provision that the election shall take
place every two years. Two years from when?
From the time that the State is restored ; from
the time that the constitution goes into opera-
tion and the State resumes her normal relations
with the Union. Then is when it begins.
Suppose, now, we should refuse to restore
Georgia at all this year, and should allow the
next November to pass over; suppose we
should refuse to admit Georgia until next win-
ter ; I should like to know from these Senators
whether there is to be an election in the State
of Georgia next November without the author-
ity or by the express command of the military
commander. That would be to place the con-
stitution of Georgia over the authority of the
military commander before the State has been
restored.
If we fail to admit Georgia before next
November there cannot be any election there
unless it shall be ordered by the military com-
mander, and I think he cannot do it without
an act of Congress. If they can go on now
and reelect officers underthis constitution before
we accept it and restore the State, that is plac-
ing the St#te government in operation in defi-
ance of the reconstruction laws and subversive
of their authority. No, sir, there can be no
election now in the State of Georgia, either in
one year or in five years, unless we restore the
State or unless we pass some new act of Con-
"gress to authorize an election before that State
is restored. It is very clear that as the matter
now stands, if we put off the restoration of
Georgia, there can be no election next fall.
It cannot be brought on by force of the State
constitution, because that is not made superior
to the reconstruction laws of Congress. The
State is under the military authority, under the
military power created by the act of 1807, and
until it gets clear of that there can bS no elec-
tion in that State except by the express author-
ity of Congress. Therefore the going into oper-
ation of this provision depends absolutely upon
the restoration of the State.
They did not know when they adopted the
constitution whether they would get in right
away or not. They perhaps were apprehensive
that it might be postponed from some cause,
and I shall refer you now to the ordinance to
show that they had that directly in view ; they
supposed it might be necessary for some pur-
pose to extend the term of office, and so they
inserted the following language in conclusion:
"Tho General Assembly may by law change the
time of election, and the members shall hold until
their successors are elected and qualified."
If the election is to be held within the first
two years absolutely, as argued by the Senator
from Illinois, why was it necessary to say that
they shall hold office until their successors are
elected and qualified ? That was put in for the
very purpose of meeting the case where the
election was postponed beyond the two years.
If it does not mean that it does not mean any-
thing, and there is no sense in it. It was put
in for the very express purpose of meeting a
case where the election was postponed beyond
the two years, and providing that there should
still be a Legislature, because the old mem-
bers would hold their offices until the new
members were elected and qualified.
I But, Mr. President, that is not all. 1 come
! now to the concluding article in the constitu-
tion. I read from the eleventh section of the
eleventh article, and I invite the attention of
the Senate to this language:
" Should this constitution be ratified by tho peo-
ple, and Congress accept the same with any qualifi-
cations or conditions"—
They supposed there might be qualifications
or conditions that would prevent the imme-
diate admission of the State, that might delay
it, and therefore they say :
"Should this constitution be ratified by the peo-
ple, and Congress accept the same with any qualifi-
cations or condiiions, the government herein pro-
vided for, and the officers elected, shall nevertheless
exist and continue in the exercise of their several
Junctions us the government of this State, so far as
tne same my be consistent with the action of tho
united States in the premises."
