1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2939
and poor widows, whose incomes can be
easily ascertained, have every dollar of excess
tfixod#
Now, sir, the people of the United States
have paid into the Treasury since 1865 $1,900,-
000,000, within $600,000,000 of the amount of
the present debt. Was ever a people so heav-
ily burdened before? We have paid since
March of last year $87,000,000 of the public
debt. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
says that if we take off this taxation, amount-
ing to a little over thirty million dollars, we
must have the same amount from some other
source. Why, sir, is this generation, which
has fought the war, also to pay its debt? Will
it not be better to postpone the payment of
most of the debt to the future, when our re- j
sources will have expanded and our popula-
tion become so much greater ? With our rapid ■
advance in wealth and population the debt i
becomes lighter and lighter, even if not a dol- !
lar is taken from its sum. Our income from
the tariff and internal taxation this year is 1
$120,000,000 over and above the expenditures
of the Government, and if we carry out the
promises of economy made in this Hall, as we 1
have done in some measures that have passed
this House, we will curtail the expenses of the
Government some twenty or thirty millions.
That added to the $120,000,000 of surplus rev-
enue makes $150,000,000. We ought not to
attempt to reduce the debt more than at the
rate of twenty-five or thirty millions a year.
That is an ample burden, in addition to the
necessarily large expenses of the Government,
for the present generation to bear. Let our
children, those who will enjoy the benefits
resulting from the struggle through which we
have passed, in a higher-degree than we do, on
account of the higher liberty they will enjoy,
pay the bulk of this debt. We should honestly
fulfill our obligations to our creditors, paying
them their interest now, and adjourn to the
future, to those who will be able to bear it better
than we can, the payment of the principal,
while providing for a small sinking fund.
I warn gentlemen who think there is nothing
in the attitude of the press that they make a
fearful mistake. Public opinion is against this
law. The people bore this tax with all its
inquisitorial features during the war, because
that and all our burdens, all the sacrifices of
treasure and blood and tears, seemed the price
of national existence. But no party that adopts
as a policy the continuance of the present and
past heavy-handed exactions can maintain its
hold of the country. Not only is economy de-
manded, but reduced taxation; and our places
will be vacated here, and ought to be, if we give
no relief. The relief most demanded and most
easily afforded is to abolish this odious tax, so
fruitful in perjuries, so demoralizing to the
people, so unequal in its operation, and so
inquisitorial. I have proposed a resolution
that will go straight to that object, and I hope
I shall be allowed to test the sense of the House
on it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio yield to me for three minutes?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not until I have redeemed
three or four other promises. I yield now to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] for
three minutes.
Mr. JUDD. I concur, Mr. Speaker, in the
statement of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that the payment of taxes
is disagreeable to every person, and that poor
human nature is so constituted that almost
everybody prefers that his neighbor should
pay all the taxes; it is much easier and much
more convenient to have them pay it than to
pay it themselves; and the same feeling pre-
vails as between the different kinds of prop-
erty, business, and industry. The legislator,
when called upon to decide between these con-
flicting elements, must take into consideration
all the various conditions, so that justice may
be done. While carrying out the principle of
the greatest good to the greatest number, with
a deep feeling and desire to relieve the people
from burdens, he cannot forget that the Gov-
ernment must be supported, the interest on
our debt must be paid, and the maimed sol-
dier and the widow and orphan of those that
died in saving this country must be cared for.
From what sources can the necessary revenue
be most properly and fairly derived ? I assume
that this House, before this session closes, will
do its duty in this matter of the reduction of
taxation. The question then arises, in what
way shall it be reduced?
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shows that one hundred and sixty million dol-
lars and over was derived from the following
sources during the past fiscal year:
Spirits : $45,026,401 74
Tobacco  23,430,707 57
Fermented liquors  6,990,879 54
Banks and bankers  3,335,510 52
Gross receipts  6,300,998 82
Sales  8,206,839 03
Special taxes not elsewhere enumer-
ated  8,801,454 67
Income  34,791,855 84
Legacies    1,244,837 01
Successions    1,189,756 22
Articles in schedule A  882,860 70
Passports  29,453 00
Gas  2,116.005 82
Sources not elsewhere enumerated  1,284,978 98
Penalties, &e    877,088 79
Stamps  16,420,710 01
$160,039,344 20
The item of gross receipts, which is an indirect
tax upon every bushel of grain and pound of
merchandise carried between the producer and
consumer, ought certainly to be first consid-
ered, and the interest of cheap transportation
demands the repeal of this tax. The corpor-
ations paying this tax make their customers
refund it to them in their mode of charging
for carrying grain and goods and merchandise.
The merchant charges an additional price for
his goods equal to the amount paid by him on
his sales. This reaches every person who buys
anything ; and if you would cheapen goods to
the consumer this tax should be repealed.
The item in the above list denominated special
taxes consists of the thousand and one licenses
for doing business, and which enter almost every
place where any industry is prosecuted, is ex-
ceedingly annoying, requiring a host of officers
to watch the occupation of every citizen ; and
if the northern farmer cultivates a little sor-
ghum for home use, and his mill is large enough
to crush a little for his neighbor, he must ob-
tain a license, and this extends'to almost every
business. As to the question particularly in-
volved in the subject now under consideration,
my judgment would be that the entire income
tax should be repealed, if that can be done
safely to the honor and interest of this great
nation. I have assumed from the beginning
that if the entire tax is not repealed this House
certainly would extend the exemptions, so that
the salaried men and those whose income does
not exceed two or three thousand dollars per
annum would be entirely freed from income
tax.
I assume from the tone of the House that
the exemption will be increased so as to ex-
clude all that class of men. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means announces
the intention of that committee to so alter
and change the law that if allowed to remain
it shall be shorn of the inquisitorial powers
that are now so odious. I do not concur in
the opinion that a proper income tax is so very
unjust. Mr. Speaker, it is the only way in
which property is directly assessed for the sup-
port of the Government. This is the only
form in which a tax is levied upon property as
such. The amount derived from the income
tax is less than the amount paid by the Gov-
ernment for pensions as the result of the war
to preserve it. The pension list now consumes
about $35,000,000 per annum.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kel-
logg] says that the income tax was a war tax.
I tell him that it is a war tax to-day. It is
needed to pay these pensions ; and ought the
wealthy to refuse of their surplus thearnount ne-
cessary to care for the maimed and for the widows
and orphans of those who gave their lives to
save the Government? It is only in the event
that the finances of the Government absolutely
demanded this tax that I would continue it.
Upon a fair and full examination of these, the
various sources of revenue, if the continuance
of this tax shall be found necessary 1 do not
believe there will be any grumbling on the
part of loyal men to contribute of their sub-
stance.
Mr. McNEELY. I would ask my colleague
in what other way we are levying a tax on the
bondholders at present except by this internal
revenue tax?
Mr. SCHENCK. In no other way.
Mr. JUDD. If my colleague has any bonds
and renders the proper account of his income
he pays a tax on his bonds, and I suppose that
will be the case of all honest men.
Mr. McNEELY. I am not so fortunate
as to belong to that class. I ask the gentleman
in what other way are we now levying any tax
upon the bonds of the Government? I hope
that consideration will lead to the preservation
of this tax.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio how much income tax members
of Congress pay every year on their salaries ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a mere matter of
arithmetic.
Mr. WELKER. It is $200 each.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a little more than
$200, for there is the five per cent, upon the
mileage allowed to each member.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a few minutes ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am afraid the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] will go off into
general debate, as did the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. COX. No, I will not.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will yield to the
gentleman for two minutes.
Mr. COX. So far as the present law is con-
cerned I do not think it bears the construction
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has
put upoti it. I think that without any sort of
doubt the income tax will expire with the year
1870. The law provides—
"That the taxes on incomes herein imposed shall
be levied on the l3t day of March, and be due aud
payable on or before the 30th day of April, in each
year, until and including the year 1870, and no
longer."
Of course the law ends with the year 1870,
unless resuscitated. And gentlemen will find
by referring to sections one hu ndred and twenty-
one and one hundred and twenty two of the
law in relation to the tax upon dividends of
banks and railroad corporations, &c., that
these taxes are not necessarily incomc taxes,
and in my judgment are in force. The tax
as enforced upon our merchants is the worst
executed law that ever existed or was ever
known. The officers go to the counting-room
of the merchant and seize his books and
papers, or, if they are locked up in his safe,
they take a cold-chisel and break open his safe,
and oftentimes by the interruption of his busi-
ness and the imputation thrown upon him
force him into bankruptcy. It is the meanest
law ever executed in the country. If taxes
are to be taken off anything I would like to see
it placed upon the bonds of the Government;
not upon the mere interest of the bonds, but
upon the body of the bonds themselves, upon
the full property in the bonds. Sir, we pay
more taxes per capita, in comparison with
other countries, than any other nation in the
world except perhaps Great Britain. I think
we ought to cut down our taxes. I have a
statement here about that matter, but I will
not go into it now, after the admonition of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] I would
like to read the petition I presented the other
day, of five hundred and eighty-two bank
