1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrRBSSIONAL GLOBE.
37
41st *Go'ng .... 2d Sess .
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of 'Keps.
who represented it in the Chicago convention,
proclaimed daring the canvass'-preceding the
election at which this constitution was adopted
that it did not authorize-th© holding of office
by negroes; it did not' say'so in any part of
it._ Such was the legal" opinion of the best
minds in the State. Judge Schley, an appointee
of Governor Bullock, had just decided in the
case of Clements vs. White to the same effect.
When the matter- was finally decided in their
supreme court this "decision was only reversed
by a mere majority of the bench. Republican
as well as Democratic members of the Legis-
lature voted for the exclusion. And yet, to
show the honest intention of this action, the
following resolution was passed to leave the
question to judicial arbitrament:
" Whereas it is believed that a judicial decision of
the question 0f the colored man's right to hold office
m Georgia under the constitution now in force would
restore the State to hev proper position in the Union
and give quiet throughout the State; and whereas
said question is one which the courts of the Statecan
properly take cognizance of; and whereas we, the
representatives oi the people of Georgia, are unwill-
ing that any effort should be spared on our part to
bring about a state of peace and happiness to the
people and a settlement of that important question ■"
Be it therefore,
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the State of Georgia in General A.sse7nbly con-
vened, That a case involving the right of the colored
man to hold office shall, as soon as the same can be
properly brought before the supreme court of the
btate, be heard and determined by said court, and
we believe that the people of the State will, as they
have heretofore always done, in good faith abide the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal of the State
whenever so declared."
And this, too, like every other step in the
progress of this State organization, has the
unreserved approbation of President Grant.
One of the members of this House from Geor-
gia, Mr. Tift, had a consultation with him upon
the subject of the passage of this resolution,
and was authorized by him to send the follow-
ing dispatch, the substance of which is still
preserved in the President's own handwriting:
" In conversation with General Grant I learn that
he thinks it will be best to pass a jont resolution re-
forriDg the right of colored citizens to bold office to
the courts, and adjourn."
_ The Legislature, afterpassingthisreso/ution,
did adjourn until January, 1870.
Then it was, and during the spring session
of this Congress, that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction [Mr. Butler] intro-
duced a bill similar in all intents and purposes
to the present. It was then proposed, as now,
to throw back the State into the hands of Gov-
ernor Bullock, and for the very same causes
now alleged. The Legislature has not been in
session since, and could have done nothing
more.
It was alleged then, as now, that persons in-
eligible were admitted to seats. Why was not
this question raised when the State was admit-
ted 1 Why was it not raised when the Legis-
lature was convened? Had such disability
existed there were certainly Radicals in that
body who would have taken advantage of it.
The question has been passed upon and settled
by that Legislature and by Congress. Shall
we, even had we the legal right at this late day,
epen it upon the unsupported assertions of a
man of such questionable veracity as this Gov-
ernor Bullock ? The murders that are charged
now were charged then. There is no legal
evidence of any committed since arising from
political^ quarrels.
The circumstances were the same last spring
as now. If it is proper to pass the bill now it
was proper to pass it then; and yet what was
the action of the President and of this House
at that time ? The former ignored the matter
entirely in his message sent to Congress upon
the same general subject with regard to Mis-
sissippi. Le was known to be opposed to the
revolutionary proceedings of the chairman of
the Committee on Reconstruction, [Mr. Bct-
i.er.] The measure was thoroughly discussed
and denounced as ill-timed, unfair, and ille-
gal by members who have since been whipped
into the traces and are now submissively draw-
ing this party load. The further consideration
ofthe question was postponed until the present
session, that the courts of Georgia might have
an opportunity of deciding the matter and the
Legislature have time to act in accordance
with such decision. Such was a common sense
and just view of the case, and is as much so
now as then.
_ Why, then, is the measure hurried at this
time_ to the exclusion of all else ; why is not
the intention of Congress carried out, and
action in this matter suspended until after
the Legislature at its adjourned session in
January has an opportunity'of complying with
the decision of their supreme court? If they
do not do it you can then with more con-
sistency interfere. Any proclamation that
the Governor can assemble the Legislature un-
der cannot convene it more than two or three
days before its regular meeting. Is not, then,
this done for the express purpose of prevent-
ing the Legislature from having any chance to
do as they have said by their resolution they
would do; is it not to prevent the country from
seeing that they were honest in leaving the
question to the courts and agreeing to abide by
it; is it not part and parcel of the disgraceful
demagogery with which Governor Bullock ve-
toed the resolution just mentioned and influ-
enced his Republican friends to vote against
the fifteenth amendment that the troubles of
the State might not be healed?
Upon whatconstitutional ground can gentle-
men stand who favor this measure? Those who
regard their legal character claim the right to in-
terfere under the constitutional clause requiring
the Federal Government "to guaranty to each
State a republicau form of government.'' What
is there in the government of Georgia that is
anti-republican ? Is it the exclusion of negroes
from office ? What portion of the Inderal Con-
stitution prescribes who shall hold office in the
respective States ? What Federal law gives
the negro this right? If depriving him of it is
anti-republican in Georgia, why is it not equally
so in New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and the
numerous other States that do not grant him
this privilege ?
Are the alleged crimes an evidence of anti-
republican government ? There are no more
in Georgia than any other State. Every day
as you read the newspapers your eyes fall upon
the sickening details of some fresh horror com-
mitted in States lying north of us. The whole
country is reeking with a carnival of murder.
The announcements are so frequent that we
are growing callous and ceasing to feel those
pangs that the thought of the destruction of
human life was wonttogive. Why, then, should
Georgia be singled out for Federal interfer-
ence ? Does the Constitution contemplate such
interference ? By no means. When the gov-
ernment of a State is unable to maintain its
authority against intestine commotion then aid
can be given from the General Government in
response to the call of the Governor or Legis-
lature of the State. But this aid is to preserve
the State government and not to destroy it, as
provided by this bill. You say the magistrates
are not doing their duty. Can you remedy this
by seating a few negroes in the Legislature,
electing Cfovernor Bullock to the United States
Senate, and setting a premium on official cor-
ruption by stifling investigation into his high
crimes and misdemeanors ?
Gentlemen favoring this measure lay great
stress upon the fact that General Terry has
recommended such a course. Now, he is un-
doubtedly an able officer, and, I believe, an
estimable gentleman. But he labors under the
usual difficulty of purely military characters,
total ignorance of all law not contained in the
Army Regulations. Finding no legal barrier
in this document to the usurpation of the-powers
of a State, he can imagine no other'limit.of
power. But General Halleck has the adyan-
tage of a thorough legal as well as military
education. He is a statesman as well as soldier.
When he as superior officer reviews General
Terry's report he comes to a different conclu-
sion, and reports as follows:
' I cannot concur entirely in the views of General
Terry. After the recognition for so loag a time of
the atate government of Georgia by the President
and the highest military authorities, for these officers
to retrace their steps and declare their own aots ille-
gal and void would not only seem inconsistent, but
mipht produce much harm.
' Should Congress, however, decide to return the
State to the condition of a military district under
the reconstruction laws, on t'aegronnd that it had
not been fully reconstructed, the case would be very
different. i therefore respectfully recommend that
the matter be left for the action of Cengress."
If gentlemen have no higher guide for their
legal opinions than the recommendation of
Army officers, at least take the authority of
one whose legal reputation commands-respect.
The President recommends the measure upon
the sole ground that the Legislature-fleprived
men of offices which the supreme court of the
State afterward declared they had a right to
occupy. What an aspect as a statesman he
presents when we remember that he approved
the whole organization of the State: that he
is the very man who recommended the Legis-
lature to adopt the course they did, of leav-
ing the question to the courts ; that by such
recommendation he said plainly as words can
speak that such course would be satisfactory to
him, and that all should remain in statu quo
until the courts had decided the question and
the Legislature had time to act in accordance
therewith ?
And yet, in violation of this virtual agree-
ment, and before the Legislature could possibly
have time to act, he sets this party machinery
in motion with the special purpose of prevent-
ingthat which he so lately recommended.
He goes still further than this, and recom-
mends, as adopted in this bill, that the Legis-
lature be required to take the test-oath, the
administering of which had been held illegal
with regard to the same Legislature both by
General Meade and himself, and by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee and the chief
members of the Reconstruction Committee of
this House. It had also been held illegal by
the President and the Attorney General with
regard to Virgiaia, and the administering of
it withheld, though loudly called for by the
Radical pack of that State when howling
under their late defeat. Are we to be again
called upon to excuse these sudden changes
of Executive position on the ground of inex-
perience?
But, Mr. Speaker, the unconstitutionality of
this bill is not its only objection. It becomes
more glaringly iniquitous when considering the
doubtful character of the man in whose hands
you would place_ the destinies of the State of
Georgia. Who is Governor Bullock? Is he
of such renown, such established virtue, that
this great trust should be given him ? Are his
interests so identical with those of Georgia?
Reared in the North, a carpet-bagger shortly
before the war, with none of the excuses of
southern birth and prejudice, he joined his
fortunes with the rebellion, and, as the agent
of a southern express company, aided the con-
federacy to the extent of his humble ability.
He could not hold office now under the four-
teenth amendment were it not for his obscurity
heretofore. He joined the Republican party
because having no chance to gratify his ambi-
tion among the white Conservatives. He was
a candidate for United States Senator; was
defeated, and has since used all his power to
prevent his State from becoming peaceful at
home and harmonious with the Federal Gov-
ernment. He vetoed the resolution leaving the
question of negro officeholding to the eourts ;
