1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
ing out my error ;.my facts cannot be disputed.
I regret that any i>arty at the North should
hate a record so black and damning. But let
those who have made it take its responsibility.
Secession was first commenced in South
Carolina, a few days after the presidential
election of 1860, whereby the election of Mr.
Lincoln was secured by the Republican party.
On the 6th of January of that year Franklin |
Pierce, a Democratic ex-President, in full fel-
lowship with his party then, before, and since
to the day of his death, wrote to Jeff. Davis a
letter which was afterward discovered near
Jackson, Mississippi, among the private papers
of Davis, and rendered public by William H.
Gibbs, captain company H, fifteenth Illinois
regiment, second brigade, fourth division, sev-
enteenth army corps, army of the Tennessee.
J n that letter there is the following:
"It is true tbat in the present state of things at
Washington and throughout the country no man
can predict what two or three months may bring
forth. Let me suggest that in the morning debates
of Congress full justice seems to me not to have-been
done to the Democracy of theNorth. Idonotbelieve
that our friends at the South hare any just idea of
the state of feeling hurrying at this moment to the j
pitch of intense exasperation between those who
respect their political obligations and thoso who
have apparently no impelling power but that which ;
fanatical passion on the subject of slavery imparts. I
Without discussing the question of right—of abstract I
power to secede—I have never believed that actual j
disruption of the Union can occur without blood;
and if through the madness of northern abolitionists 1
that dire calamity must oome, the fighting will not
be along Mason andDixon's line merely. It will be
within onr own borden, in our own streets, between
the two classes of citizens to whom I have referred.
Those who defy law and scout constitutional obliga-
tions will, if they ever reach the arbitrament of
arms, find occupation enough at home."
This letter establishes the significant fact that
the subject of secession was seriously consid-
ered, months before the nomination even of
Mr. Lincoln, in the secret deliberations of the
South; that the leading Democrat of the North,
himself a possible presidential candidate, had
not a word to urge against her asserted " right''
to secede : and that he encouraged the arch-
traitor and all his co-conspirators who might
see the letter, by the assurance that if the South
did secede it would be aided by the Democracy
of the North, who, to aid secession, would in-
augurate war through the North and shed the
blood of the opponents of secession, so as to
enable the South to succeed in its attempt at
national disintegration.
On the 2d November, 1860, four days before
the election of Lincoln, Mr. Vallandigham,
whose close affiliation with his party then and
since, and whose able leadership in this House
is fresh in our minds, in a speech at the Cooper
Institute, at New York, said :
"If anyone or more of the States of this Union
should at any timesecede for reasons the sufficiency
and justice of which before God and the great tribu-
nal of history they alone may judge, much as I should
deplore it, I never would, as a Representative in the
Congress of the United States, vote one dollar of
money whereby one drop of American blood should
be shed in a civil war."
In a card in the Cincinnati Enquirer,
November 10, 1860, he admitted that he had
uttered the declaration which I have quoted,
and then added, " and I now deliberately re-
peat and reaffirm it.''
Declarations like these, antedating the first
act of rebellion, might be multiplied if I had
time. The difficulty is not to find materials,
it is to select. What wonder the rebels,lookea
lor aid and comfort from the Democratic party
of the North, and went confidently to their
nefarious work!
I have no time to enlarge on this part of the
subject. I cannot even stop to show the attitude
of the Democratic press as events thickened,
and how it cheered on the rebels to their des-
perate work. As the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] is so unconscious of Democratic
encouragement to rebellion, I will glance for a
moment at his own State. In April, 1861, the
Wayne County Democrat said:
« ' Indianians about here are not going to fight the
OMitn, and may, in case of emergency, stay the on-
ward march of abolition hordes."
The Paoli Eagle of the same date said :
"We would advise them [Union men] to ascertain
before they eommenoe raising their abolition crews
for the South how the land lies about home, and seo
if they might not subject themselves to a warm fire
in tho rear."
In this same year, 1861, Mr. Vallandigham
introduced into this House his amendment to
the Constitution dividing the nation into four
confederacies ; a measure designed to legalize
secession, and by its moral effect encouraging
rebels.
It is well known that Floyd, in view of the
meditated rebellion, robbed the northern
arsenals to arm the South. Seven hundred
and seven thousand stands of arms, and two
hundred thousand revolvers, are known to
have been shipped South just before the rebel-
lion broke out, besides heavy guns. This stands
on the testimony of General Scott, the official
records, and the southern press.
On the 19th January, 1861, an act of seces-
sion was passed bv Georgia. South Carolina,
Mississippi, Florida, and Alabama had already
seceded, and the facts were telegraphed all
over the country. Oti the 24th the United
States arsenal at Augusts, Georgia, was seized
by the State authorities. On that day Robert
Toombs sent the following dispatch.:
Milledqkville, January 24,1861.
To his Honor Mayor Wood :
Is it true that any arms intended for and consigned
to the State of Georgia have been seized by public
authorities in the State of New York? Your answer
is important to us and to New York. . Answer at
once.
B. TOOMBS.
To this the mayor returned the following
answer:
Hon. Robkbt Toombs, MiUedgevUle, Georgia :
In reply to your dispatch I regret to say that arms
i'ntended for and consigned to tne State of Goorgia ,
>ave been seized by the police of this State, but that ,
the city of New York shoald in no way be responsible !
for the outrage. i
As mayor J have no authority over the police, . If '
I had the power I should summarily punish the
authors of this illegal and unjustifiable seizure of
private property. • !
FERNANDO WOOD. ,
I have looked for the explanation of the I
motives of this response, -and I find it iu a
message by the same gentleman, as mayor, to
tbe common council of New York city, dated
eighteen days before, wherein it was said:
" It would seem that a dissolution of tbe Federal
Union is inevitable.. Having beeq form od originally
on a basis of general and mutual protection,but sep-
arate local independence—each State reserving the
entire and absolute control of its own domestic af-
faire—it is evidently impossible to keep them togeth er
longer than they deem themselves fairly treated by
each other, or longer than the interests, honor, and
fraternity of thepeople of the several States are satis-
fied. Beitig a Government created by opinion, its
continuance is dependent on the continuance of the
sentiment which formed it. It cannot be preserved
by coercion or held together by force. A resort to
this last dreadful alternative would of itself destroy
not only the Government, but the lives and property
of the people."
After thus predicting the inevitable dissolu-
tion of the Union and the impossibility of pre-
venting it by force, he asked why the city of
New York may not also dissolve the bonds that
bind it to the State and nation. He said:
" When disunion has thus become a fixed and cer-
tain fact, why may not New York disrupt the bonds
whioh bind her to a venal and corrupt master, to a
people and party that have plundered her revenues,
attempted to ruin her commerce, taken away the
power of self-government, and destroyed the Con-
federacy of which she was tho proud empire city ?
Amid the gloom which the present and prospective
condition of things must cast over the country. New
York, as a freo city, may shed the only light and
hope of a future reconstruction of our once blessed
Confederacy."
These were weighty words to go to the rebels
who were then engaged in seizing forts, ar-
senals, arms, and ships, and passing acts of
secession. They strongly tended to show that
there would be no armed resistance to seces-
sion. Is more proof needed? I might refer
to Rodman M. Price's elaborate letter, urging
that New Jersey forthwith unite its fortunes
with the southern confederacy. I referred the
ether day to Buchanan's message denying the
constitutional right of coercion, fortified by the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, a northern Democrat. On the 1st of
March, 1861, a northern Democratic Senator
of the United States, Jesse D. Bright, sent a
letter to Jeff. Davis, conceived in the following
terms:
Washington, MarcW, 1861.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to introduce to your
acquaintance my friend, Thomas B. Lincoln, of
Texas. He visits yoar capital mainly to dispose bf
what he regards a great improvement in fire-arms.
I commend him to your favorable consideration as
a gentleman of the first respectability and reliable
in every respect.
Very truly, yours, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To his Excellency Jkfferson Davis.
Preiident of the Confederate State*.
At that date Jeff. Davis had appointed his
cabinet and set in motion the whole machinery
of the rebellious government. A sworn Sen-
ator of the United States addresses him as
his Excellency the President, and sends to
him an improved fire-arm! Sends to the arch-
traitor a superior implement of death to be
used against the Union forces 1 Could a more
acceptable gift have been made? The manner
of the presentation might have been improved
by the Democrat who sent it being the bearer
of the gift, and making use of it in person.
I might furnish abundant evidence on this
point by the tone of Democratic meetings and
conventions in 1861. In my own State a Dem-
ocratic State convention in July, 1861, passed
resolutions against coercion and in favor of
recognizing the independence of the confed-
erate States and establishing treaties of amity
and commerce with them. One of the dele-
gates in the convention, anticipating the act of
Wilkes Booth, rose and prayed God to speed
the bullet to the heart of Abraham Lincoln ;
and he was loudly applauded for the infamous
sentiment! The fierce Democracy of Cali-
fornia will laugh when they read the declara-
tions made on this floor that the Democratic
party was not hostile to the war and the Gov-
ernment.
The Democratic State coirventien that as-
sembled in<3olumbus, Ohio, January 23,1861,
after the secession of several States and large
seizures of Government arms, fortified places,
&c., resolved—
" That the two hundred thousand Democrats of
Ohio send to the people of the United States, both
North and South, greeting: and when the people
of the North shall -have fulfilled their duties to the
Constitution and the South, then. atid not till then,
will it be proper for them to take into consideration
tho right and propriety of coereion."
John M. Connell, of Fairfield, said, in the
same convention:
" Give us another election and we will put down
the Abolitionists." *   ■ * * "They [tbe
secedersl are our southern brethren. We would,
rather than hurt them, turn the sword against the
abolition hordes of the Western Reserve."
This was over two months before the in-
auguration of Mr. Lincoln. If more evidence
is asked of the sympathy of the Democratic
party of the North with secession up to the
time of the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, I
will engage to furnish it most amply. I believe
firmly that the secret counsels and public
Bpeechesand demonstrations of northernDem-
ocratic statesmen, politicians, papers, and pub-
lic meetings, led the South on in its infatuated
career until retreat was impossible^ without a
sacrifice of pride or the annihilation of its
military power. But I design further to show
that the hopes of the South were thereafter
fed continually by the course of the Demo-
cratic party in and out of Congress; that the
South fonght on in hopes that- an armistice
would be compelled by the northern public
voice; that our armies -would be depleted by
the failure of volunteers and the defeat of
drafts, either in their enactment or execution;
that our funds and credit would fail by the
defeat of revenue bills; that riots in their
interest would flood the cities of the North
with blood; that secret armed organizations
would burst into activity; that a peace party
that believed the war a failure, and would dis-
