1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5}
continue it, would take the reins of Govern-
ment; and that each and all of these antici-
pations were justified by the pretensions and
conduct of the Democracy of the North.
Unremitted abuse was launched at the Ad-
ministration, both in and Out of Congress,
because it did not settle the contest by com-
promise and not by fighting. The Republican
party saw clearly that compromise was impos-
sible even if it surrendered .all that the people
had determined in the election. It knew, as
did the Administration, that the rebels seceded
not to come back, but to found a southern em-
pire. Their long preparations looked to that
end; their popular orators and leading papers
proclaimed this, and had fostered the dream
of southern domination for years. The .rebel-
lion did not rise from a sudden ebullition or
from recent counsels. It had its origin in a
deeply-laid and long-considered plan, and the
opportunity to spring it upon the country had
been eagerly watched for for many years. This
the Republican party in this Hall and else-
where then understood, and they had their
warrant not only in current facts, but- in the
declarations of men high m the counsels of the
traitors, solemnly made on the floor of this
and that of the other Hall of Congress. No
sop of compromise, Crittenden resolutions, or
other resolutions would satisfy the rebel Cer-
berus—nothing but the dismemberment of the
country and their control over the southern
half of it. Singleton, of Mississippi, said on
the 4th of December, I860, three months be-
fore Mr. Lincoln's inauguration:
" I was net sent here to make any compromise Or
• patch tft> existing difficulties."
Mr. Jones, of Georgia, spoke to the same
purpose. Mr. Hawkins, of Florida, said :
* I am opposed, and I believe my State is opposed
to alt and any Compromise."
On the 5th Senator Iverson, of Georgia, said:
" Sir, the southern States that are now moving in
this matter are not doing it without due considera-
tion. We believe that the only security to the insti-
tution to which we attach so much importance is
secession and a southern confederacy. You talk
about concessions. You talk about repealing the
personal liberty bills as a concession to the South.
Repeal them all to-morrow and it would not stop
the progress of this revolution."
Senator Wigfall, of Texas, said:
" So far as this Union is concerned the cold sweat
of death is upon it. Your Union is now dead; your
Government is nowdead. There is now in the Gulf
States no excitement. There is a fixed, determined
will that they will be free."
I might add to these testimonies indefinitely,
twit this will suffice to show with what spirit the
rebels left us, and how obstructive and vexa-
tious was all the weary talk that loads the Con-
gressional Globe from December, 1860, to the
meeting of the Chicago convention in 1864,
wherein the Administration was blamed for not
eniding the war by compromise. Under pretense
of enforcing this duty upon the Government,
Democrats here offered additional sections and
provisos that money to be raised by loans, by
Revenue and tariff bills, &c., should not be ex-
pended to keep soldiers in the field unless com-
missioners accompanied them to propose or
facilitate peace. Nearly every Democrat then
in the House voted against every revenue meas-
ure of the Thirty-Seventh Congress except the
bill to provide internal revenue, support the
Government, and paytheinterest on the public
debt, where, among the fifteen negative votes,
is to be found the name of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr, Cox.] The same consistent
opposition displayed itself in the votes against
tke national currency act,. &c. Whatever may
have bem-the inconveniences of resorting to a
legal-tender currency, no sane man can assert
that die Government eoald have keptits armies
in the field without it. Democrats on this floor
in those days fouad in internal revenue bills a
mere mean* of extending the corrupt patron-
age of the Government; in an increased tariff
only an illicit use of an opportunity afforded
by the absenee of southern Democrats from
their seals; in, financial measures only cor-
rupt agencies of unconstitutional and despotic
power.
But the fiercest opposition was made to meas-
ures expressly designed to strike the rebels in
their most vulnerable points. The rebels em-
ployed negroes to raise the means of subsist-
ence for their, armies in the field, and even
' used them directly in the war. It was the
policy of the Administration to deprive them of
j this great resource, and bring to the support i
of the Union over three million people in the
South. Although the use of colored soldiers
relieved the white men of theNorth, and their
I bravery andefficiency were vindicated on many
< battle-fields, the Democrats; in Congress de-
1 nounced. bitterly all, measures to this end, and
voted solidly against them. I well remember
the scene in this House on the night of the
28th of January,. 1863, when the bill " to raise
additional soldier& for the service of the Gov-
ernment" was obstructed by motions to ad-
journ, to lay on tlie table, for. a call of the
House, to excuse members for not voting, pre- i
venting the House from coming to a vote on I
that bill,.until, having sat all night, it adjourned
at half past five o'olock on the morninig of the
29th. The vote on the final passage of the bill
was reached February 2, when the Democrats
voted against the bill. At the same session
the Democrats opposed, in all its stages, the
bill for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and voted against its final passage. All
similar bills met the same opposition. The
Democrats opposed all pfrdpositions to- confis-
cate the property of rebels, whether used for
insurrectionary purposes or not, though the
rebels confiscated the property of all northern
men, and even of southern absentees. I con-
cede that cm these prapdsiti6ris there taight be
holiest differences of -bpiniofr. Some few Dem-
ocrats voted for some of them. Occasionally
a Republican voted against one of them. But
the steady, unrelenting opposition of the great
mass of the Democrats to all war measures
excepting appropriation bills, on which divis
ions were seldom , taken, certainly was calcu-
lated to have a sinister effect upon the coun-
try, while the reasons given in the debates were
calculated to weaken the confidence of the peo-
ple in the Government and stimulate Demo-
cratic partisans in- the North to violence of
words and acts. '
On the 9th Jane, 1862, Mr. Nixon, of New
Jersey, Offered the following resolution:
"Resolved, That in thejudgmentof this House the
Commander-in-Chief of itheArmy and Navy of the
United States should instruct*)} of his officers hold-
ing command in districts of country in rebellion
& gainst the Government to make proclamation that
enceferth the armies of the Republic should be
subsisted,-so far as practicable, on the property of
all those who are in rebellion, orwho are giving aid
and. comfort to the enemies of the United States."
The Democrats could not sustain a proposi-
tion which looked to the supplying of the wants
of our soldiers from the resources of our ene-
mies, even though it might relieve the Treasury
and cripple the public enemy. Even my war-
like friend from New York [Mr. Cox] voted
against this proposition, as in fact be did, I
think, against every one to which I have referred.
He was neither better nor worse in that respect
than the average of his party. As I have no
desire to do him injustice I will quote a reso-
lution offered by himself as the best expression
of his sentiments. Bearing in mind that -he
and his piarty denounced Mr. Lincoln, the
Congress, ana the war party as guilty of all
kinds of unconstitutional acts, the record is
interesting.
On the 5th December, 1862, Mr. Moerill
offered in this House the following resolution:
" Retolved, That at no time sincethe commence-
ment of ttee-existing rebellion have the-forces and
materials in-the hands of the. exeontive department
of the Government been so ample and abundant for
the's'peedy and triumphant termination of the war
as at the present moment; and it is the duty of all
loyal American citizens, regardless , of minor differ-
ences of opinion, and especially the duty of- every
■ officer and soldier in the field, as well as the duty of
J every department of the GoVBrnment, the legisla-
tive braaoh included* a3 a unit to cordially and uni-
tedly strike down the assassins, at once and forever
who have conspired to destroy 9ur Constitution, our
nationality, and that prosperity and freedom of
which we are justly proud at home and abroad, and
which we stand pledged to perpetuato forever."
This resolution was agreed to ; and almost
immediately the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] offered the following :
" Sttolved, That the word 'assassins,' used in the
resolution this day offered by the member from Ver-
mont. [Mr. Mobrill,] is intended by this House to
include all men, whether from tho North or the
South, who have been instrumental in producing
the present war, and especially those in and out of
Congress who have been guilty of ilagrant broaches
of the Constitution, and who are not in favor of tho
establishment of the Union as it was and the Con-
stitution as it is."
This resolution was laid on the table by the
usual party vote. Judge Douglas was asleep
in his grate, but the record of his disciple was
still being written up.
A fierce assault was made against the Gov-
ernment for the arrest of active rebels in the
North, and violent resistance was frequently
counseled as the remedy. The suspension of
the Virrit of habeas corpus was decried, and the
necessity for it was denied although an armed
secret organization with treasonable purposes
was known to the Government, and the evi-
dence of its existence, objects, and transactions
laid before the people.
Is it, then, slander to say that the Democratic
party threw itself into the scale against the
Government? The mere recitation of votes
Carries conviction of the truth of my charge.
But let any one glance over the debates in
those dark days and see the spirit in which they
were conducted, and say that the South had not
reason to hope for aid from our dissentions and
were not cheered in their struggle by the pros-
pect of assistance from the peace party of the
North. I give but an extract or two from
the eloquent philippics that were pronounced
against the Government and its war measures.
They are more bold and unreserved than much
that was said, because the speakers were bold
and able men who disdained to disguise their
sentiments and thofee of their party.
Mr. Pendleton, of Ohip, an acknowledged
leader of the party in this House at the time
and afterward and the standard-bearer of the
Democratic party in the last Ohio election, in
a speech made on the 3d of March, 1863, in
thisHouse, thusdeclaimedagainstthe conduct
of the war, and invoked resistance to those
prosecuting it:
" Martial law 1 the war.po.wer 1 Military necessity 1
As these terms are used to-day they have no lawful
existence ataong us. They Abrogate and destroy the
Constitution.' They violate the whole of it in letter
and spirit in order .that they may compel obedience
to part. They are the devices or fanaticism; its flimsy
pretexts under which power conceals its agressions,
the specious names under which cowardice seeks; to
skulk from observation while it gratifies its malig-
nant rage. They are the inventions of despotic
power distorted from their original purpose by a
party distressed and baffled by tne humiliations of a
war which it had not the virtue to prevent and has
not the ability to manage; the insufficient cloak with
which it seeks to cover as it were with the mantle of
constitutionality the efforts of desparing and impo-
tent wrath. Powers thus usurped will have but a
brief and profitless day. They depend upon force.
It is lawful to resist them by force. It may become
wisdom and patriotism to resist them by superior
force. After much long suffering' resistance to tyrants
is obedience to God.'"
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
hees,] in the debate on the conscription bill,
February'23, 1863, after denouncing the Ad-
ministration bitterly, exclaimed:
"Blood will flow. You cannot and you shall not
forge our fetters on our limbs without a struggle for
the mastery." . * * * *. "You can deceive
the country no more, nor can you intimidate or
coerce it into your measures. You may pass this bill
to conscript citizens from their homes into the Army;
but if it is true that the popular heart is no longer
for the prosecution of this war do you think you can
compel it to be so by force? If the people will no
longer of themselves pursue war as a remedy for our
troubles do you think you oan make them ? Are you
more powerful than they are? Doesnot this Govern-
ment rest on the consent of the governed ? Can you
force the North to conquer the South? Arc you
supreme? Sir, if the American people, deceived,
betrayed, outraged, are unwilling to support the war
policy of this Administration any further, unless
