3884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
a dilatory motion. The agreement was that
after two hours and a half spent in debate
the vote should be taken upon the question,
"Will the House agree to the report of the
committee of conference?" On that question
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] has
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. 8WANN and Mr. HAYS obtained leave
to have printed, as a part of the debates,
remarks on the pending bill'. [See Appen-
dix.] ;
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 58, not vot-
ing 39 'j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
neli, ASper, Atwood. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair. Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Bucklev, Buffin-
ton, Burehnrd, Burdctt, Benjamin V. Butlor, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,WillmiirT. Clark,
Sidney CJarko, Ainasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowlos, Cullouo. Davis,
Dawes, Degener, Diekey, Dixon, Doekcry, Donley,
Forriss, Fihkolnhurg', Fitch, Garfield, Hale. Harris,
llawley, Hay, llays, HeUm, Hill, Iloar, Hooper,
Hotohkiss, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kotcham. Knapp,
Lafiin, Lash, Lawrcnce, Logan, Lynch, Maynard,
McCravy, McGrow, MoKce. McKenzie, Mercur, Klia-
kim II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Pock, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Poiaoroy, Prosper, Hoots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield. Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon. Por-
ter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J, Smith,
Wor'hington 0. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather. Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoujrhton,
Strickland. Strong, Taffo, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Twiohell, Tyner. Upson, Wallace, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welkcr, Wheeler, Whitmoio.
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, VVinans, and
Wjtcher—13o.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams. Archer, A.xtell. Barmim,
Beck, B}£?i?ft, Bird, Booker, Jamog Brooks, Burr,
Calkin. Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson,
Dox, Kldridgo, Pox, Golz, Gibson, JhusiH, Holdc-
mati. ILunblcton, Hawkins, iiohnan, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Lowis, Marshall, Mayham. McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Morrtescy, Mungen, Niblack, Pot-
ter. Randall, Reeves, Rico, Rid&way, Rogers, Schu-
maker, Sherrod, Shob^r, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swum. Swoeney. Trimble, Voorhees,
WflK, Busreno M. Wilson, and Woodward—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Beamari, Benja-
min, Buck, Cake, Duval, Dyer, El:i, l^arnsworHi,
Ji'crry, Fisher, (Jiifilian, Gnswold, llamill, Hamil-
ton, Jloaton, Ho^e, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Iiougnridffe, McCarthy, Milnes, Je«so li. Mooro,
Morphia, Nowsham, Palmer, Piatt, Porlrr, Sanford,
Strador. Tanner.Van Aukcn, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Van Wyek, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Wilkinson,
Winchester, and Wood—30.
So the report of tho committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. SWANN. My colleague, Mr. IIahi-ll,
is paired on this question.
Mr. DYER. On this question I am paired
with Mr. Winchester. If ho were here he
would vote "no," And I should vote "ay."
Mr. DUVAL. I desire to state that on this
question I am paired with the gentleman from
Maryland, Mr. Hamix-l. If he were here he
would vote "no," and I should voto "ay."
Mr. GBTZ. I wish to state that the gentleman
from Ohio, Mr. VanTrhmp, and my colleague,
Mr. Cake, are both absen t. If Mr. Vax Trump
were hero be would vote "no;" and Mr. Cake,
if present, would voto "ay." 1 understand,
also, that my colleague,^ Mr.Van Aukex, who if
here would vote uno," is paired on this question
with the gentleman from New York, Mr. Vax
"Wyck, who if present would vote " ay."
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, Mr. Bbaiiax,
is absent to-day on account of sickness. If ho
v.-ere present he would vote " ay." My col-
league, Mr. Ferry, is absent on leave. If he
were here he would also vote "ay."
Mr. ALLISON. My colleague, Mr. Lotjgii-
kidge. is absent on account of sickness. If
he were here he would voJ.e in the affirmative,
as would my colleague, .Mr. Palmer, who is
absent on leave.
The result of the vote was announced aa
above stated.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The'latter motion was agreed to.
error is enrollment.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 801) to
correct an error in the enrollment of a joint
resolution therein named ; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution*provides that the second
section of a joint resolution authorizing the
sale of certain lands at Springfield, Massachu-
setts, and for other purposes, approved May
4, 1870, be so amended as to read, "Byers
street heretofore opened," &e., instead of
"Ilyers street," &c., as erroneously enrolled.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.-
The latter motion was agreed to.
decoration day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House adjourns to-morrow it shall adjourn to
meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. WARD. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that he modify his motion so
that the business of the morning hour of Mon-
day maybe transferred to the morning hour of
Tuesday.
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent. It is with the majority
of the House to order an adjournment over.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment 01? deficiency bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent., introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2009) to
amend an act entitled " An act making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes," approved April 20, 1870;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
joseph dawson, op virginia.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back a bill (H. It. No. 1418) granting a pen-
sion to Joseph Dawson, of Virginia, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved that the votes just
taken be reconsidered ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
decline of american tonnage.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent
that the substitute and pending amendments
to House bill No. 1899, to revive the naviga-
tion and commercial interests of the United
States, bo ordered to be printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not object if the
gentleman will include the printing of all the
amendments offered to the original bill as well
as to the substitute.
Mr. LYNCH. I agree to that modification.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
privilege of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to have
the Clerk read a rule of the House, to which he
begs the attention of members,- and after it has
been read he will submit a single remark.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No persons except members of the Senate, their
Secretary, heads of Departments, the President's Pri-
vate Secretary, foreign ministers, the Governor for
the time beingof anyState, Senators and Represent-
atives-elect, judges of tho Supreme Court of the
United States and of the Court of C>aim-;, ancl such
persons as have by name received the thanks of Con-
gress, shall be admitted within the Hall of the House
of Representatives or anyof theroomsuponthesame
floor or opening into the same: Provided, That ex-
members of Congress who are not interested in any
claim pending before Congress, and shall so register
themselves, may also be admitted withm the Halloi
the House; and no persons except thoso herein speci-
fied shall at any time be admitted to the floor ol the
House."—little 134.
"The Doorkeeper shall execute strictly the lore-
going rule." - Hula 27.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to remark
that it has been presumed, from its having
been a custom of many years' standing, that
the Speaker has a right to waive that rule.
The present incumbent of the chair has done
so on ihe application of members, but by tho
letter of the rule the Chair has no more right
to waive it than any member on the floor. It
is within the province of the Doorkeeper to
execute it. There has been complaint on the
part of members that the rule has not been
enforced. And the Chair now gives notice, in
order that there may be no imputation of par-
tiality, that hereafter, having no more right to
waive that rule than any other member, he will
decline to do so. The Chair will not hereafter
be answerable for the presence of any persons
on the floor except those who are privileged.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCITENCK. Under the authority given
to the Committee of Ways and Means to report
at any time, I report back a bill (H. R. No. 2045)
to revise internal taxes, and for other purposes.
I desire to say we have a number of amend-
ments to the bill, many of them verbal, which
I will present from time to time as the bill is
read. Before proceeding to its consideration
I ask the House to consent that the first reading
of the bill for information may be dispensed
with, so that it may be read now by sections for
consideration and action.
Mr, HOLMAN. Is it proposed to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the sta.te of the
Union for the consideration of this bill at
once ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is to be consid-
ered in the House by sections, in accordance
with the arrangements made the other day.
Mr. HOLMAN. As in Committee of the
Whole?
The SPEAKER. That was not the agree-
ment. It was to be considered under the five-
minutes rule by sections; but not as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, as that was expressly
excluded.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the object is to take this
bill up at once it may be desirable that it
should be read through for information.
The SPEAKER. When the bill comes up
for action each section will necessarily be read.
What the gentleman from Ohio asks is that the
first reading of the entire bill for information
may be dispensed with.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that each sec-
tion shall be read through before it is acted
on ; but not to have the first general reading
through of the whole bill.
There was no objection ; and the first read-
ing of the bill for information was dispensed
with.
Mr. SCHENCK. By order of the House,
this bill is to be considered in the House under
the five minutes rule. I recognize that order
as cutting off all general debate, and I claim,
there fore, no right further than that which is
to be enjoyed by any other member on the
floor in reference to debate, even for the pur-
pose of explaining the bill. But if agreeable
to the House, I would like to occupy, before
the Clerk proceeds with the reading of the bill,
a period of time perhaps not exceeding five
minutes, in asking the attention of the House
to its general features,
