38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Wilson.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
he secured the defeat of the fifteenth amend-
ment ; and all that he might come whining to
Congress, break uj) the organization of his
State, and perhaps in the new order of things,
■when bayonets instead of votes decided ques-
tions, secure the coveted seat in the Senate.
He has still further and more serious reasons
for his course. He is under impeachment by
the Legislature for peculation of public funds.
He has not yet been tried. He fears the re-
assembling of that body, unless it can be reor-
ganized under his control. These charges of
embezzlement are ndt made against him only
by party opponents. They come from the party
that elected him. The State treasurer, a Repub-
lican, writes of him as follows:
State Treasurer's Office,
Atlanta, Georgia, December 14,1809.
Dear Sir: I wrote you in a very great hurry yes-
terday, neglecting to mention many truths that
should have a bearing with your committee and Con-
gress in determining this vexed question of Georgia,
reconstruction, and the status of Governor Bul-
lock in connection with it. To show his connection
with and interest in tho "Kimball opera house
building"—a portion of which is temporarily used
as a State-house—I will state that Governor Bullock
labored to secure my influence in favor of paying
said Kimball $25,000 yearly rent for only a portion
of tbe least valuable part of a building that could
not have cost Kimball over one hundred thousand
dollars, reserving to himself all the first story front
on tbe main street of six sfore-rooms, most the en-
tire basement story, and a Jar^o number of rooms in
the upper two stones. His object now is so to organ-
ize the General Assembly that they will purchase this
building for a State-house at about half a mil-
lion dollars. In violation of the law and the action
of the General Assembly, he drew on the Fourth Na-
tional Bank of New York for $35,000, and stated to
me thftt $31,000 of the abovo amount was paid to said
Kimball on account of said opera building and fix-
tures, and that the other $-1,000 bo used himself,
which amount he has never accounted to tho State
or treasurer for. After two committees of the Gen-
eral Assembly—one manipulatedin his own interest-
had declared this act of drawing on said bank and
the use of the money illegal and unauthorized, as
soon as the Legislature adjourned in March last he
went direct to JS'ew SToris and drew a draft on said
I'ourth Nat'onal J3anlj for $20,000 more, in favor of
said Kimball, making in all $55,000, none of which
evfr found its way into tho State treasury of Geor-
and tbero is no felling what further amounts he
would have drawn and appropriated himself in vio-
lation of law if I had not sent tho bank a synopsis of
tliocodo of Georgia bearing on this subje<ft. To meet
these drafts, or guaranty their payment, he hypoth-
ecated seven perccnt. State railroad mortgage bonds,
that by special legislation were to bo used only in
"renewal of bonds then duo and interest thereon,"
and for "funding the State bonds falling duo or ma-
turing in 1868,1869, and 1870.'' Two hundred and
sixty-fivo thousand five hundred dollars of theso
soven per cent, bonds be hadsold in violation of the
abovo special statute, setting them apart for a spe-
cific purpose, and thereby destroying the ability of
theStato to comply with the conditions of a circular
he instructed mo to have published, causing great
and incessant murmurings bv bondholders in Europe
and tbis country.
The appropriations of 18G8 weieonly for tbe "latter
half of tbe year 3 863 ? *> still for the public printing of
this year he, in violation of law.drew $10.000backon
last year, notwithstanding the house, by a vote of
over threo to one, directed him tochargo it as an ad-
vance on tho printing fund of this year. This he did
that he might savo his $25,000 public printing fund
to silence the mouths of the press or subsidize them
in hi? behalf.^ He Hooded the country with procla-
mations offering as high as $5,000 for the apprehen-
sion of a single fugitive, when the customary reward
heretofore has not exceeded $200. At the same time
he pardons those in custody who have committed
willfulmurderwithoutatrial. Byatrickandfraud,
no doubt through his instructions, on the last day
of the lnsfc General Assembly a portion of the appro-
priation bill was passed—what I call an India-rub-
oer blanket section—with no amount specified, yet,
according to the Governor's interpretation andappli-
cation, unlimited. This is independent of the con-
tingent fund of ^20,000 for the year, which, all but a
tew dollars, he exhausted in less than six months,
mostly tor incidental expensesof executive depart-
ment. On this, what he makes the India-rubber
blanket section-—which if strictly construed could
amount to but a few thousand dollars—he has drawn
nearly one hundred thousand dollars, the greater
portion m the way of patronage to buy influence,
over fifteen thousand dollars being to loo attorneys
only as retainers.
While he gets up sensational telegrams and howls
ot outrages committed on Union men and colored
citizens, lie neglects to mention the many rapes
committed by negroes on unoffending, defenseless
innocent girls and women. As you have seen in my
reports X was a Union man, opposed secession stren-
uously and publicly, my ofiicc beingheadquaitersof
the Union association here; left the South with all
my family in 1863; lived near Boston until the close
of the war; returned South in 1865; supported the
congressional measures of reconstruction; voted for
and publicly supported General Grant for President
and Bullock for Governor; have always been classed
as a " Radical" by the Democrats; have been in
nearly every southern State since the war, withhold-
ing my political opinions on no occasion; known to
be a northern man by birth and residence until I was
twenty-four years old, yet I have never been treated
with the least severity and almost uniformly with
kindness.
Publicsentimentwill set itself against and correct
what few political outrages there may have been—
though I have seen none—much sooner under full
reconstruction than military rule under the direc-
tion of Bullock, who shows his great inconsistency
and want of sincerity by crying outrages, while he
has exercised the pardoning power until courts and
jurors have but little to encourage them in the pros-
ecution of crime. Instead of striving to allay bitter
animosities and promote peace and prosperity as the
chief Executive of a great State, it has been and is
still his effort to stir up hatred ana strife, that he may
get a firmer hold on Georgia by which to exercise
his usurpations and tyranny on all who will not be-
come his personal adherents and accomplices in mis-
chief and self-interest, which is the principal cause
of the unsettled state of public affairs in Georgia.
Democrats with him are as good for his selfish pur-
poses as Republicans, and he has found not a few to
yiel d to hi3 patronage. Had it been the good portion
of Georgia to have a wise, honest, and just Executive
the General Government would not at this date be
troubled with reconstruction in Georgia or have
cause to complain of disloyalty in her borders, and
you should not mistake contempt for Bullock for
dislike to the .Federal Government.
Our best substantial men, including those who
have uniformly been Union men and favor the con-
gressional reconstruction, who feel that Georgia is
their home and who love good society, law and order,
feel that this is a critical time for their loved Georgia.
The Democratic papers in the interest of Bullock,
influenced by his patronage, areJoud in their denun-
ciations of the fifteenth amendment and bitterly
opposc the reseating of tho expelled colored mem-
bers. When you reflect that Republicans aided this
expulsion, and that they and Bullock will secretly,
if not openly, oppose their being reseated by the Gen-
eral Assembly in order that he may secure violent,
congressional action ; and further, that Bullock with
his adherents defeated the fifteenth amendment last
winter, I cannot conceive how a Republican Congress
can sustain him.
Most respectfully, yours,
N. L. ANGIER,
Treasurer of Georgia.
Hon, James B. Beck, M. C„
Washington, D. G.
And yet the President, knowing these charges,
or if he does not he is inexcusably ignorant,
proposes to turn the State into this man's hands;
proposes a plan by which the investigation of
them must be inevitably hushed up. And gen-
tlemen of this body who know them well, who
cannot say they are untrue, who know Gov-
ernor Bullock has made no satisfactory explan-
ation of them, propose to follow this executive
recommendation to its probable evil conse-
quences.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when we see a measure
like this proposing so alarming an exercise
of power based upon such frivolous pretexts
advocated by gentlemen in direct opposition to
their recently expressed opinions, and its en-
actments to be carried out by a person under
charge of felonious crimes, we naturally look
behind the bill for strong private and partisan
motives. The desire to avoid discussion, the
quiet submission with which nearly all the gen-
tlemen of the administration party obey the
behests of their leader, exhibits the hand of
caucus and the severe strait of party necessity.
Yes, gentlemen, were it not for the necessity
of having Georgia ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment this measure would be scouted from the
House as it was last spring. In the Senate this
motive has been openly conceded. You are
short of States. Senator Morton, in address-
ing the Senate the other day, told it the amend-
ment could not be carried without Georgia's
vote ; that if this bill was passed it would so
inevitably secure the vote of this State, that
opposition to the amendment would cease ; that
New York would not rescind her ratification;
that Ohio and Rhode Island would come up to
the scratch, and this final party measure be
saved.
What is this crowning sheaf of Republican
glory for which honor and consistency are to
be sacrificed? Is it not a giant step in the
march of centralization, in the attempt of the
Federal Government to crush out the rights of
the States ? It does not affect the rebel States;
they have all adopted negro suffrage; it is the
loyal and true States of the. North, tiie Statea
from which a sufficient number cannot be ob-
tained for ratification. And yet you propose
to saddle it upon them by these reconstruction
anomalies. You propose to compel the rebel
States to adopt against their will, and thus take
away from all, what has been one of their most
cherished rights since the foundation of the
Government—the regulation of their own ques-
tion of suffrage. You say to Ohio that she shall
take negro suffrage, though she has repudiated
it byamajority of forty thousand; to NewYork
and Pennsylvania that they shall no longer say
who shall hold the ballot in their own elections;
to California and Oregon and Nevada that they
shall be overrun by the tawny myriads of Asia
and have no voice to preserve the purity of their
elestive franchise from the poisonous influence
of the pagan hordes that come swarming upon
them.
And yet tbis is offered in the interest ftf
peace. Does it not rather portend storm? Will
any State against its interest submit to a meas-
ure so clearly fraudulent ? Adopt the amend-
ment by the pretended vote of Georgia, forced
from her after she has once rejected, and what
State will pay any attention to it when its choice
lies otherwise ? You will not dare submit the
question of validity to the Supreme Court. As
a part of your plan, you are even now prepar-
ing to strike down that tribunal as an obstacle
in the way of Radical progress. You are not
satisfied that its members are almost entirely
appointees of your own party. You dare not
trust the calm consideration of men removed
from the immediate influence of party pressure.
Hence we may look for the passage of some
of the measures already introduced to cripple
the Supreme bench and leave the power of
Congress untrammeled by this wise equipoise
which onr forefathers erected for maintaining
the balance of Government. You have done
it once to prevent the validity of your recon-
struction acts from being judicially considered,
and you are attempting it again for similar
purpos.es. Think you under such circum-
stances the States will willingly submit; or will
they not rather, when deprived of the proper
judicial tribunal, take the judgment of their
own courts and act accordingly ?
But, Mr. Speaker, I think I can see other
and more private reasons having an influence
in pushing this bill. They are the same influ-
ences that have been instrumental in thus far
preventing the full harmony of the belligerent
States. They are of the same character that
prolonged the war. They are financial rea-
sons. Talk as you please about the identity of
interest of every section of the country and
every branch of business, it does not exist.
There is antagonism. Under the present ar-
rangement of finances the interests of the Bast
and the West, the manufacturing and the agri-
cultural sections, ate at variance.
The manufacturing East took advantage of
the excitements of war, of the enthusiasm of
the people, to further their peculiar interests.
The experience of years and popular decision
had been against high tariffs. But while the
tocsin of battle was ringing through the land
and the eyes of all turned to fields of blood
and carnage, while people were dazzled with
deeds of daring or weighed down with anxiety
for the cause of free government, this manu-
facturing interest secured law after law, each
raising this tariff tax, until they have rebuilt
the old system of monopoly that was before so
completely broken down. This interest and
the banking interest of the East and those
representing the bonded debt feared that when
national quiet was restored and the welfare of
