2940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
clerks, with salaries ranging from fifteen to
twenty-five hundred dollars, or thereabouts,
but that would be going into the general sub-
ject. Still I think we should grant them some
relief.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has been well
said that—
" No rogue e'er felt tho halter draw
With good opinion of the law."
Many men in the United States never pay any
tax except upon their incomes. They are men
who carry their money in their pockets, who
speculate and have no property upon which the
assessor can levy a tax ; they can be reached
only by this more inquisitorial tax of which the
gentlemanfromNewYork [Mr. Wood] speaks.
It is true that too many of them escape the
payment of any tax. But some of them are
reached and are compelled to pay. I suppose
we can reduce quite largely the revenue from
internal taxes. I do not myself have much
confidence in the opinion that any bill for the
revision of the tariff will pasa Congress this
session. And if so, then we can reduce the
taxes by internal taxation more than is pro-
posed. In view of that I shall not be opposed
to increasing the amount of exemption so as to
bring within the exempted class the clerks and
salaried men who work for fifteen hundred or
two thousand dollars a year, who have families
to support, and upon whom this tax bears
heavily. Bat after giving that relief, it seems
to me that the tax on incomes isthef&irest tax
which we now levy. We can get a large rev-
enue from it, and we can collect it from men
who will not feel it, and at the same time re-
lievo the poor men, the laboring men, the
industry of the country from taxation. As to
the farmer, the agricultural man, the man with
a local habitation and name, he pays his taxes;
he is taxed for Stale purposes, for county and
town purposes; his lands are taxed, his cattle
are taxed, everything he has in his house is
taxed, while the speculator, the bank man,
and others of that class can be reached only
by this tax.
Mr. SARGENT. That is the very class who
escape the income tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. There are two Or three
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
appealing to me to yield to them. But aa they
are of my own family I can refuse them.
[Laughter.]
I do not wish to be drawn, if I can avoid it,
into a general discussion of the propriety of
the income tax. This was brought up as a sub-
ject of consideration to some extent when this
joint resolution was originally passed by the
House, which was intended to avoid ambiguity,
to remove obscurity from the law, and provide
that the income.tax should continue a3 a form
of taxation during the present year, with the
means and machinery for its collection, and
should then, in the absence of further action by
Congress, expire. That, I think, was the true
position for Congress to take. The Senate have
not agreed with us. They have sent back our
joint resolution with an amendment striking
out all after the enacting clause and substitut-
ing a proposition to keep in force some four
sections of the law, which it seems, according
to their own construction, will be in force with-
out any legislation. So that either their legis-
lation is idle, or, if it is to have any force and
effect at all, is partial. The Committee of
Ways and Means have directed me to report
back the joint resolution and the Senate sub-
stitute, with a recommendation that the House
non-concur in the substitute; but, as I have
already said, they do not instruct me to ask for
a committee of conference. They are willing
that the bill shall fail altogether rather than
consent to the partial legislation proposed by
the Senate.
In regard to the general subject of the income
tax, I want gentlemen to bear in mind that
this tax upon the accumulated capital of the
country produces now an annual revenue of
$35,000,000. If the income tax is to be wiped
out, then none of the annoying little special
taxes nor any of the other taxes that are really
so vexatious, and perhaps odious beyond all
others, can be abolished. The alternative sub-
mitted to the people is really whether this
income tax, this tax upon capital, shall be con-
tinued, or whether we shall continue these
other taxes which in a thousand ways annoy
the people and obstruct the business of the
country.
I do not expect, while any of us live, a mil-
lennium which shall have as one of its features
that there shall be no taxes at all; but I do
expect as well as hope for a time when our
taxes shall be very much reduced. The fairest
method of levying taxes would probably be to
require that every man should contribute to
the needs of the Government in exact propor-
tion to the amount of his property in every
shape. But it is not practicable to arrive at
any ad valorem taxation of that kind. Hence
we are compelled to feel around, as it were,
and by taxation upon various subjects and in
various forms distribute the burden as nearly
as we may fairly. In this distribution—and I
am in favor of discrimination always—I prefer
that, as far as practicable, the weight of our
taxation shall fall chiefly upon the luxuries
and the artificial appetites of the country, and
upon its accumulated capital.
We have not yet, in my opinion, reached the
time when we can give up this income tax. I
admit, as did the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judd,] that it is a war tax. Although, so far
as regards & mere conflict of arms, the war is
over, yet in the debt which it has entailed
upon us thewat is not over. To pay the pen-
sions of our soldiers, to meet the interest on
the publie debt which we contracted iit carry-
ing on the war, to pay ultimately the principal
of that debt, we are compelled to keep Up this
and other burdens upon the people of the coun-
try as war measures, not to carry on an exist-
ing war, but to pay the cost of a war that we
have had. Hence it is idle to talk about re-
mitting all our taxes and sweeping away all
these burdens which it has been found neces-
sary to impose upon the people of the country
and their business ; for although no gon is now
being fired, it is just as essential to keep our
public faith, to pay our debt, to pay the interest
upon it 
. Mr. Speaker, I see the hammer is about to
fall, at>d I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded^ there
being—ayes 112, noes 22.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the bill be
laid on the table, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. Let this be a test question.
The yeas and nays werfe not ordered.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The mdtion of M#. Saboent •was not agreed
to.
The main question was ordered ; which ws§
upon concurring in the Senate amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in. '
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider tbfc
vote by which the Senate amendment was non-
concurred in ; and also moVed that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. . Although itisrather late
I should like to do a little work in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the tariff bill.
Several Members.' Nol Nol
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio Will go on with his business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to yield to me to make a report from
the Committee on Banking and Currency in
regard to changing the location of a national
bank. It will not take more than two or three
minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the tariff bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that tho House
do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays.
Let us do something to-day. We have lost
two days trying to do something.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
census.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, an-
nounced that he had appointed as the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the census bill, Mr. Garfield of Ohio, Mr.
Atusox, and Mr. Cox.
LEAVE 01? ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Archer until Wednesday next;
to Mr. Cleveland until Tuesday next; to Mr.
Reeves for four days from Monday next; to
Mr. Potter, for one week; to Mr. Sciiumake!!
for three days; to Mr. Boyd, on account of
sickness, for twelve days; to Mr. Muxgex, on
account of serious illness in his family, for
twenty days; and to Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, for eight days from to-day.
j1embers excused.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say in reference
to my colleague [Mr. Butler] that in conse-
quence of sickness in his family he found it
necessary to go home with them last night.
Under the circumstances I ask that he be re-
lieved from the necessity of attending here on
Monday next, upon the payment of the fine of
ten dollars for non-attendance at the session
of last night.
The SPEAKER, If there be no objection
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] will be excused.
There was no objection, and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, was excused.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now wish to make an
appeal in behalf of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.] He was absent last
night in consequence of being thrown from his
carriage and injured. He still feels the effects
of his injury, and the House has granted him
leave of absence. I ask that he be excused
from his delinquency last night, so that he
may take advantage of the leave of absence
granted to him.
There was no objection, and Mr. Potter
was excused.
i l. hussell and joseph w. ballotj.
On motion of Mr..KNOTT, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of th$ House of the papers in
the case of L. Russell, and also the papers in
the case of Joseph, W. Ballou.
Mr.^DAWES. I hope we will be allowed
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and spend an hour on the
tariff bill instead of wasting an hpur in calling
the yeas and nays. ,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 8G, nays 67, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—.SlessM. Armstrong, Arnell, Barnum, Boa-
man, Beatty, Benjamin, Bingham, Bird, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burchard, Roderick It. Bntler,
Cake, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, CowleS, Cox. Cullom,
Degener. Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Doz, ISldrittyro,
Fitch, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Ilaight, Ilamill,
Hnlailtbn, Harris, Hawkins, Heflin, Holman, Ingcr-
soll, Johnson, Thomas L. J onei, J udd, ICei togs, K err,
Knott, Logan, Marshall, McCormick, MoN eely, Klia-
kim II.Moore, Morgan, Samuel P.Morrill, Niblack.
Orth, Paftker, Paine, Palmer, Pomeroy, Rosrcrs,
Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, rfho-
ber, Joseph S. Smith, .William J. Smith, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney. Taffe. Tillman. Trimble, Upson, Van
Aukon, Van \Vyok, Voorheea. Welker. Wheeler,
Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
| Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—85.
NAYS—Megsrs. Allison, Asper, Atwood, Bennett,
• Benton, Blair, Buffintob, Cessna, Amaaa Cobb,
1 Coburn. Conger, Covode, Dawes, Donley, Farns-
, worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkclnburg, Fisher, Garfield,
j Gilfillan, Hale', Hawley.IIill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotch-
