1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4829
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
railroad bills.
Mr. STEWART. Now I should like to have
the request I made granted, that Monday even-
ing be set apart for the Texas Pacific and the
Atlantic Pacific railroad bills.
Mr. NYE. There Cannot be any objection
to that.
Mr. STEWART. We. had better get both
bills out of the way. They will not take long.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada, that Monday evening be set apart for
the consideration of the railroad bills named
by him ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Which has
precedence?
Mr. BAYARD. Monday evening, I believe,
is the regular evening for night sessions.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Itis under-
stood the Texas Pacific bill has precedence.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object to considering
these railroad bills at night; they ought to be
considered in day-time. These night sessions
are exhausting beyond physical endurance,
and I prefer to have the night sessions devoted
to such business as is of a general character.
I am perfectly willing to vote to take up this
Texas Pacific bill to-morrow, or any other day
in the Jay-time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made, and the arrangement cannot bo made.
Mr. FOWLER. Suppose you take Monday
in the day-time.
Mr. STEWART. We cannot get it; the tax
bill is in the way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California insist on his objec-
tion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do.
james c. strong.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senate to take
up a little bill for the relief of a lame soldier,
James C. Strong.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1904) for the relief
of James C. Strong. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to recognize James C. Strong as
colonel of the thirty-eighth (consolidated) regi-
ment of New York volunteers from November
16, 1862, to June 22, 1803, and the Paymaster
General is directed to pay to him the full pay
and allowances of a colonel for that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. Is that bill reported by a
committee ?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir; reported favor-
ably by the Military Committee. It is all right.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
courts in iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senate to take
up a little bill, House bill No. 249, similar to
one just passed.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 249) concerning
the district court of the United States for the
district of Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony. ) This bill was reported adversely by
the Committee on the Judiciary; but it is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment/
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
alfred e. brooks.
Mr. CONKLING. Some time ago, Senators
will remember, alittlebill was under considera-
tion here; and the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] objected then, as he was insisting
upon the observance of an order. The merits
of the case were stated at the time, it being
reported from the Committee on Finance, the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] having
made the report. The whole case is that of a
custodian of stamps who was a victim of a
general burglary that took place in a little vil-
lage near my home, and he lost these stamps.
The Committee on Finance investigated the
case, reported it, made a written report which
was read to the Senate on a former occasion,
and the bill would have passed as a matter of
course at the time, but the Senator from Ver-
mont had given a pledge that he would insist
on a rule, and in' that way it was passed over.
Now I ask the Senate to take up that bill. It
is House bill No. 272, for the relief of Alfred
E. Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New York.
Mr. THURMAN. That will give rise to
debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Not unless Hie Senator
wants to debate it. It was all considered before,
and is precisely like other cases which have
been acted upon.
Mr. THURMAN. Precisely; but they were
passed over, and no such bills have yet been
passed at this session.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; there was no objection to my knowledge
when I was present, except that the Senator
from Vermont stated that he had undertaken
to insist upon a rule against all bills, and I
asked to take this up out of order, and he
insisted upon the rale, there being no other
objection with regard to it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, I rise to a question of order. What was
the order to be executed this evening?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill of
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. And that
alone?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That alone.
That was the order of the Senate ; but it was
not possible for the Chairto enforce that order.
Mr. NYE. I insist that the Senator from
Maryland is too late. There have been so
many things done that he is estopped from
raising an objection now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pres-
ent occupant of the chair was notified by the
Vice President that the order for this evening
session was the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents, and"that there was an under-
standing that no other business should be
transacted. It is not for the Chair to enfoice
such an understanding, however.
Mr. NYE. I have a high regard for the
President, but I should like to getabillpassed.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that we take a
recess till ten o'clock to-morrow. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. 1 move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at ten o'clock and forty-nine minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 25, 1870,
Prayer by the Chaplain, liev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday.
Mr. PO MEllO Y. 1 suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with this
morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects.
The Secretary resumed- the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SPENCER. I object. I want to hear
what was done last evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Alabama objects.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
commodore s. b. bisselt.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to submit, in accordance with the twenty-
fourth rale, messages from the House of Rep-
resentatives. First, the Chair will lay before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 107) for the relief of Commodore S. B.
Bissell, which were presented yesterday, and
withdrawn at the request of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
minnesota university lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
presents the bill (H. Ii. No. 253) authorizing
the allowance of the claim of the State of Min-
nesota to lands for the support of a State uni-
versity. This bill was presented yesterday,
and withdrawn at the request of the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeboy.] The bill has
Kppri rPflfl
Mr._ WILLIAMS. _ I presume there will be
no objection to passing that bill at this time,
it having passed the Senate once before, I
believe. It has been considered by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and l.have a report
here which was made in favor of the passage
of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is to construe the acts
of Congress donating lands to the State of
Minnesota for university purposes.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, in adjusting the claim
of the State of Minnesota to land for support-
ing a Slate university, to approve and certify
selections of land made by the Governor of the
State to thefull amount of seventy-two sections,
mentioned in the act of Congress approved
February 26, 1857, without, taking into account
the lands reserved at the time of the admission
of the State into the Union to the State by the
act of Congress approved March 2, 1861.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the Senator from
Oregon would clear up the only difficulty that
it seems to me exists, if it does exist, in the
way of this bill; and that is, the difficulty aris-
ing out of a prevalent idea that this bill grants
to the State of Minnesota the whole or a great
part of this tract, although it has once before
received an equal amount of lands for the same
purpose, for a university.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I will
briefly state, for the information of the Senator,
that by the act of February 19,1851, two town-
ships in the Territory of Minnesota were do-
nated by Congress to rheTerritory for university
purposes. On the 26ih of February, 1857,.an
act was passed to authorize the people of Min-
nesota to form a State government, in which
certain propositions in the nature of a compact
were made to the State of Minnesota. One
was that seventy-two sections of land should
be set apart for university purposes. Subse-
quent to that time, and on the 2d day of March,
1861, an act was passed providingѥ
"That the lands reserved for the use of a university
in the Territories of Minnesota and Oregon, under
section second of an act of Congress passed February
19,1851, entitled'An act to authoiize the Legislative
Assemblies of the Territories of Oregon and Minne-
sota to take charge of the school lands in said Terri-
tories, and lor other purposes,' be hereby donated
to the States of Minnesota and Oregon for the use of
said university."
The Committee on Public Lands have con-
strued these acts together, and conclude that
it was the intention of Congress, in addition to
