1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
the whole people regarded their unjust profits
might be lessened. They knew that the South
■when truly represented would join with the
West from mere identity of interest. It is
this fear that has influenced a powerful class
and a powerful lobby to agitate, cry traitor,
foment the national mind, and keep Congress
busy in its works of reconstruction and de-
struction.
I tell you, western men, you arc tying your
own hands, you are frittering away your time
upon questions that are injuring your constitu-
ents. There is no danger of another rebellion
from the South. Let her alone and she will re-
construct herself quicker by far than under your
eternal tinkering. We want her back to help
pay the taxes her treason has heaped upon us.
We want her proper representation here to aid
us in breaking down the monopolies her de-
sertion has allowed to fasten upon us. It is
no time for a western man to be pettifogging
the .fifteenth amendment with wheat at sixty
cents a bushel, and all the necessaries of life
taxed by a tariff at an average of forty-seven
per cent. No longer aid those who would
divert the popular mind from the real issues of
the hour. Be not misguided by leaders from
whom you must soon separate upon questions
imminent and vital to your constituents. I
wish not to awaken sectional feeling, but such
can only be avoided by doing justice to every
section. We must modify the laws that have
been made to benefit one part of our country
at the expense of the other. The sooner we
get about it the better. Delay much longer
and your suffering constituency will call you
to an account you cannot answer. Bills like
the present are intended for delay. Pass it,
and you will probably have one with regard to
Virginia and then one with regard to Tennes-
see. Before you are aware of it the session
will be gone and nothing done for the financial
relief of the West. The tariff men will have
secured through your action what they so cun-
ningly induced the President to recommend,
one more year for their legalized plunder.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH S. SMITH,
of oregon",
In the House of Representatives,
December 20, 1869,
On the bill (S. £To. 281) to provide for the reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, this
bill proposes to remand the State of Georgia
to military government once more; to postpone
indefinitely her admission to representation in
Congress, and to impose upon her conditions
of restoration humiliating to her and unjust and
injurious to other States of the Union.
In the remarks I shall make in opposition to
its passage I propose to inquire into the pres-
ent status of that State as established and rec-
ognized by the General Government, to show
that the provisions of the bill are in conflict
with all previous legislation on the subject;
that it violates numerous solemn pledges made
by Congress to that State and to the country;
that it disregards some of the plainest provis-
ions of the Constitution, and thatits objects are
exclusively partisan, dangerous, and revolu-
tionary.
In seeking to ascertain the present status of
that State I shall make no reference to her
rights merely as one of the original parties to
the Constitution, but will look at the question
from the Republican stand-point. It is the
theory of that party that in some way the gov-
ernments of the seceding States existing at the
commencement of the war were destroyed dur-
ing its continuance; that the territory and
the people remained, but that the organized
corporate existence of those States was at an
end; that it was therefore the right and the
duty of Congress to reconstruct those govern-
ments, and that pending such reconstruction
it was necessary and lawful to govern the peo-
ple there by the military. The unsoundness
of this theory has often been shown, and I do
not intend to repeat any of the arguments
against it.
The right to maintain military government in
theSouthhasbeen defended solely on the ground
that there was no civil government there. The
reconstruction laws were accordingly enacted
and the military were intrusted with their ex-
ecution. Now, what did these reconstruction
laws require of Georgia? How far has she
complied with them, and in what position do
they leave her to-day ? What pledges did they
make to the people of that State? To what
extent is the Government bound by those
pledges, and what excuse has it for violating
them as they are violated in the pending bill?
For the answer to some of these questions let
us examine the reconstruction acts.
The fifth section of the act of March 2,
1867, is in the following language :
" That when the people of any one of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States in all respects, framed by a convention
of delegates elected by the male citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition, who havo been resident
in said State for one year previous to the day of such
election', except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law; and when such constitution shall provide
that the electivo franchise shall be enjoyed by all
such persons as havo the qualifications herein stated
for electors of delegates; and when such constitution
shall bo ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, and Congress shall have approved
the same; and when said State, by a vote of its Legis-
lature, elected under said constitution, shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen; and when said
articlo shall havo become a part of the Constitution
of the United States said State shall be declared enti-
tled to representation in Congress, and Senators and
Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on their
taking the oaths prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall be
inoperative in said State."
The requirements of this section, humili-
ating as they are, were all met by the people of
the State of Georgia. They did not assent to
the wisdom or justice of them. That they
could not and were not required to do; but
while they could not approve the terms they
complied with them. A convention elected in
compliance with this section met in Georgia,
formed a State constitution which was duly
ratified by the people ; was approved by Con-
gress, subject to a single modification of it
which was afterward made; State officers were
elected and qualified under it; all the machin-
ery of State government was provided and set
in motion, and Representatives in Congress
were elected. The recitals in the act of Con-
gress, passed by a vote of more than two thirds
of both Houses on the 25th of June, 1868, con-
firms this statement of facts except as to those
occurring after that date. That act is as follows:
"An act to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Flor-
ida to representation in Congress.
"Whereas the people of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance of the provisions of an act on-
titled 'An act for the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed March 2,1867, and the acts
supplementary thereto, framed constitutions of State
government which are republican, and have adopted
said constitutions by large majorities of the votes
cast at the elections held for the ratification or rejec-
tion of the same: Thereforo,
' 'Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That each of the States of North Carolina,
Sonth Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida shall be entitled and admitted to representa-
tion in Congress as a State of the Union when the
Legislature of such State shall have duly ratified the
amendment to tho Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, upon the following fundamental
conditions: that the constitutions of neither of said
States shall ever be so amended or ohanged as to
deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the United
States of the right to vote in said State who are
entitled to vote by the constitution thereof herein
reoognked, except as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof they
shall have been duly convicted under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, That any alteration of said constitution may
be made with regard to tho time and place of resi-
dence of voters; and the State of Georgia shall only
be entitled and admitted to representation upon this
further fundamental condition: that the first and
third subdivisions of section seventeen of tho fifth
articlo of tho constitution of said State, except the
proviso to the first subdivision, shall be null and
void, and that the General Assembly of said State by
solemn public aetshall declare the assent of the Stato
to the foregoing fundamental condition.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if the day
fixed for the first meeting of the Legislature of either
of said States by the constitution or ordinancethereof
shall havo passed or havo so nearly arrived before
the passage of this act that there shall not be time for
tho Legislature to assemble at the period fixed, such
Legislature shall convene at the end of twenty days
from the time this act takes effect, unless tho Gov-
ernor-elect shall sooner convene the same.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho first
section of this act shall take effect, as to each State,
except Georgia, when such State shall, by its Legis-
lature, duly ratify article fourteon of the amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and as to the
State of Georgia when it shall in addition give the
assent of said State to the fundamental condition
hereinbeforo imposed upon the same; and thereupon
the officers of each State duly elected and qualified
under the constitution thereof shall be inaugurated
without delay; but no person prohibited from hold-
ing office under the United States orunder any State
by section three of the proposed amendment to tho
Constitution of tho United States, known as article
fourteen, shall be deemed eligible to any ofiico in
either of said States unless relieved from disability
as provided in said amendment; and it is hereby
mado the duty of the President, within ten days
after receiving official information of the ratification
of said amendment by the Legislature of either of
said States, to issue a proclamation announcing that
fact. .
"SCHUYLER COLFAX,
"Speaker of the House of Representatives.
"B. F. WADE,
" President of the Senate pro tempore
The proof that Georgia complied with the
further conditions imposed by this act is fur
nished by the proclamation of the President of
the United States of July 27, 1868, in which
the ratification of the so-called fourteenth
amendment by Georgia was officially pro-
claimed, and by the dispatch of General Meade
to General Grant as to the remaining require-
ment of the act. That dispatch is as follows;
Headquarters Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 22,1868._
Yesterday tho Governor-elect of Georgia notified
mo officially that both houses of the General Assem-
bly of Georgia had by solemn act complied with the
requisitions of the act of Congress which became a
law June 25,1868; and to-day I have witnessed tho
inauguration of the Governor-elect. The State of
Georgia is, therefore, under the acts of Congress, en-
titled to representation. The official documents will
be carricd to-day by Brevet Brigadier General R. C.
Drum, sent to Washington for this purpose.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United States Army.
General TJ. S. Grant, Washington, D. O.
General Meade not only officially certifies to
the compliance of Georgia with all the require-
ments of this latest act of Congress on the sub-
ject, but statesthe conclusion arising from such
compliance, '' that the State of Georgia is there-
fore, under the acts of Congress, entitled to rep-
resentation." Not as a State merely, but as a
" reconstructed" State, under and in compli-
ance with the reconstruction acts, she was enti-
tled to such representation.
On the25thof July, three days after the decis-
ion of General Meade, the Committee of Elec-
tions in this House made the following report,
which appears in the Congressional Globe,
second session of the Fortieth Congress, page
4471 :
'' Members-elect from Georgia.
"Mr. Dawes. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report back the credentials of J. W.
Clift and C.H. Prince, members-electfrom the State
of Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to tho Constitution, and in all other
respccts having conformed to the requirements of
law in regard to the admission of that fctate. These
gentlemen williake the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2,1S62."
