1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
coerced to do so by sueh legislation Mthis conscrip-
tion bill, then let us stop fightingat once, and try
what virtue there may be m peaceful remedies.
Mr. Vallandigham said here January 14,
1863:
"Ought this war to continue? I answer, not a
day, not an hour 1"
A momentary glance at the condition of the
country during the time many of these meas-
nres were considered is all that I can afford.
Union affairs were gloomy. Pope had been
defeated in Virginia, and the eastern army was
broken, scattered, almoBt annihilated; the
Northwest was blockaded by the guns of Port |
Hudson and Vicksburg; recruiting was at a
stand-still; in New York and other cities the
opponents of the Administration were threat- !
ening mobs, which rose a few months later with :
desolating effects; the army of the West had
failed at Chickasaw Bayou and Yazoo Pass;
the army under Banks had accomplished but
little; the canal at Vicksburg was a failure; i
the baser spirits of the West were fomenting
insurrection; General Price crossed the river
with the avowed purpose of heading the Knights
of the Golden Circle in the Northwest; a great
peace convention was gathering in Ohio, and
the hope of the restoration of the Union paled
even in the firm mind of Mr. Lincoln. Well
might the gentleman from Indiana [Mr, Yoor- j
hees] ask us, " Where are the victories that j
you promised us?" We could not show them.
Everywhere were discouragement and disaster;
and to fill up the measure of trial, the people
for a moment wavered and seemed on the point
of abandoning the contest and yielding to the
rebel demand for independence.
Probably the most effective opposition to the
war policy of the Government was made in
this Chamber, because the press at once took
up all that was said and done here, and spread it
to the country, whence it unfailingly reached
the rebels. But Democrats elsewhere were
not idle. On the 10th of June, 1863, a great
meeting was held at the Cooper Institute, New
York, which was addressed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. WdOD,] where peace
resolutions were passed, and also resolutions
denouncing President Lincoln. A peace con-
vention at Syracuse, August 18,1864, was also
addressed by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] and by Vallandigham, and similar
resolutions were adopted. These meetings
were only a type of a kind that were held all
over the country in the interest of the Demo-
cratic party, and designed to force a cessation
of hostilities. In Pennsylvania, in the ease
of William F. Nichols, a case in equity to
restrain further proceedings under the enroll-
ment bill, or the draft of citizens of the Com-
monwealth into tlte Army, it was decided by
the casting vote of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] that the law was
unconstitational^and the injunction was granted
in favor of each of the petitioning parties.
Only a change in the incumbency of the bench
of that State prevented a collision of the Gen-
eral and State governments at a most critical
period of the war. This decision was con-
sidered by loyalists at the time as the.heaviest
blow that had been struck at their cause. The
key-note of Judge Woodward's opinion is this
paragraph:
"The great vice of the eonsoript law is that it is
founded on an assumption that Congress may take
away, not the State rights of the citizen, but the
security and foundation of his State rights. And
how long is civil liberty expected to last after the
securities of civil liberty are destroyed ? The Con-
stitution of the United States committed the liber-
ties of the citizen in part to the Federal Government,
but expressly reserved to the States and the people
of the States all it did not delegate. It gave the
general Government astanding army, but left to the
btates their militia. Its purposes in all this balanc-
ing of powers were wise and good; but this legisla-
tion disregards these distinctions, and upturns the
whole system of government when it converts the
state militiainto 'national forces,' and claims to use
and govern them as such."
At that dark period of the war, when recruit-
ing was at a stand-still, and was only kept up
in some measure by the temptation of large
bounties; when the march, the camp, and the
fight were wearing out our armies so that they
could not long be kept in the face of the foe
without the draft, and while the rebel draft was
filling up their armies continually, the failure
of the enrollment law was the loss of the
national cause.
On the 4th dijy of July, 1803, nine days
before the bloody outbreak in New York, and
one day after the battle of Gettysburg, where
we gained a victory with a loss of twenty thou-
sand men, Governor Seymour, the late Demo-
cratic standard-bearer, in a speech at tfoe
Academy of Music, said:
"But, my Republican friends," * * * *
"remember this: that the bloody and treasonable
and revolutionary doctrine of publio necessity can
be proclaimed by a mob as well as by Government."
How fearfully this declaration was empha-
sized by Governor Seymour's Democratic
"friends" in the anti-draft riots of less than
ten days thereafter, when crimes were com-
mitted at which a Sepoy would shudder, to over-
awe the Government and preventthe execution
of the draft! The New York Herald gave at
the time the cause of the anti-draft riot. It
said:
" Tho feeling against the draft owes its origin to
the diatribes ofthe copperhead organs like the News,
World, and Express. Copperhead politicians have
been for months past laboring to bring on a revolu-
tion in this city.
1 need; not refer more distinctly than I have
done to the secret order of JLnights of the
Golden Circle, or Sons of Liberty, a Democratic
organization of treasonable purposes, whose
objects, ramifications, and numbers are fully
set forth in the reports of the officers of the
Government.
Once more, for the benefit of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. HolmaK,] who assured the
House so earnestly that the Democratic party
did iiotoppose the war, I give here a set of res-
olutions passed by a Democratic county conven-
tion of his own State, and which are an aver-
age sample of many passed in Indiana, from
1862 to 1884. The Democrats of Martin county
resolved in July, 1864, as follows:
" Retolved, That we are opposed to, andearnestly
protest against the nomination of a war Democrat
for the Presidency, believingthat the present deplor-
able war cannot be prosecuted except in violation
of the spirit and principles of the Constitution, and
in opposition to the doctrines which distinguished
the Democratic party.
"Remitted, That the Democracy cannot introduce
a war plank into their national platform without a
sacrifice of their principles, and cannot proclaim a
war policy without asking the people to believe a
lie that they may be damned.
" Resolved, That every man calling himself ai Dem-
ocrat should, in view of the present issues, now boldly
avow these principles, fearlessly avow his sentiments,
and signify to all whom it may concern that, if there
should be no other way left, he will defend them
with his good broadsword and strong right arm."
At the Democratic State convention at Indi-
anapolis in 1864, D. H. Coleriek, a prominent
member of the.convention from Allen county,
said :
"Nine hundred and ninety-nine men of every
thousand whom I represent breathe no other prayer
than to have an end to this hellish war. When news
of our victories comes there is no rejoicing; when
news of our defeat comes there is no sorrow. There
is a feeling which tells of an intense desire for peace,
and we ask that some resolution be passed that is in
unison with the prayers of the heart of the Democ-
racy of the country, that this horrible and bloody
war must cease."
All these movements in Congress and ont
of it naturally led up to the convention of the
Democratic party that met at Chicago on the
29th August, 1864. When that convention
met Grant had fought the battles of the Wil-
derness and was closing around Lee at Rich-
mond ; Sherman had captured Atlanta, and
was preparing for his march through Georgia;
Sheridan was in the Shenandoah valley, whence
he soon swept Early; Mobile had just fallen
into our power. Everywhere our arms were
victorious and advancing. The hearts of Union
men were elate with the well-founded hope of
a speedy, Successful end of the war. The rebels
were evidently holding on in hope that the
Democratic^ party would carry the elections
and discontinue the war. This was tbe tone
of their press, the hope held out to their peo-
ple, as I could abundantly show by extracts
if it were necessary. They hoped for an
| armistice that would wear out our resources
j and the patience of onr people. They hoped
;. for an Administration that would stop fighting
! and recognize their independence. The Chi"
| cago convention met and Vallandigham drew
I its platform, or at least, by his own statement,
this plank of it:
"Resolved, That this convention does explicitly
deolare, as the sense of the American people, that
after four years of failure to restore the Union by
the experiment of war, during which, under pre-
tense of military necessity or war power higher than
the Constitution, the Constitution has been disre-
garded in every part, and public liberty and private
rights have been alike trodden down, and the mate-
rial prosperity of the country essentially impaired,
justice, humanity, liberty, and the public welfare
demand that immediate efforts be made for a cessa-
tion of hostilities, with aview to an ultimate conven-
tion of all the States or other peaceable means, to
the end that at the earliest practical moment peaco
maybe restored on the basis of the Federal Union of
the States."
Is it slander to say that the Democratic
party cast its weight against the war? It de-
clared the war a failure in the very moment
that it was becoming & glorious success in spite
of its threats, its prayers, and its prophecies.
The best commentary on this plank of the plat-
form of the Democracy at Chicago is found in
the speeches of those who counseled and
adopted it.
C. Chauncey Burr, a prominent New York
Democrat, said—
" It had been said that if the South would lay down
their arms they would be received again into the
Union. The South could not honorably lay down
her arms, for she was fighting for her honor.
"Two million men had been sent down to the
slaughter-pens of the South, and the army of Lin-
coln could not be again filled, neither by enlistments
nor conscription. If he ever uttered a prayer it was
that not one of the States of the Union should bo
conquered or subjugated. They had tried for three
years to whip the seceding States back into the
Union; but, from the way the war had been con-
ducted, they were more likely to whip us.
" We were told that we would conquer the rebel-
lious States. They could not be conquered, and he
prayed God that they never might fee. The Demo-
cratic party was for peace. Their representatives
had come to Chicago to select a candidate for the
Presidency. He would be nominated on a peace
platform, and they could succeed on no other. If
any other platform was adopted they deserved to bo
defeated."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
said:
"Now, my friends, I counsel peace. I counsel
peace in the Democratic party, that we may restore
old rights to this distracted land. We must have a
union of the party that we may have a union of tho
States. PI anting ourselves firmly upon a peace plat-
form, with a candidate pledged to restore peaco and
harmony, some great lion-hearted Democrat, the
Union shall and will be restored. Now, my friends,
we have had war, we have had administration, deso-
lation, emancipation, and damnation. And now we
propose fa apply the remedy, to administer the anti-
dote—peace."
Captain Eynders expressed his sentiments:
" He had always been for peace, even before the
first gun was fired. Ha had denounced the unholy
crusade against our southern brethren, even before
the first regiment was moved southward—the waste
and blood and tears it would entail; and to this day
he eould. say, and he said it with pride, that he bad
never said one word against the brave, the noble,
the generous, the chivalrous people of the South,
and he trusted in God he never would.
" N early half a million of these noble men had fallen
in bloody waves, but they remained unconquered.
[Cheers.J They can never be subdued', as they are a
part of our own flesh and blood. [Loud applause.J
Millions more of men may be torn from their homes
to fall in the fight, but the task will fail, as it ought
to do." .
Hon. Henry Warren, chairman of the. State
committee of Rhode Island, after denouncing
the reign of the " Black Republican tyrant,"
said:
"Little Rhode Island, carried away by the im-
pulse of the moment, did once lend herself to the
mad project of this abolitionww; but sno now
sheathes the sword and cries, War is murder : I will
not kill my brother.' Emulate her example; roll
on the car of peace, and Btand to your guns ready
for the emergency which events may force upon you
for this decision. Be ever true to the fadtn of the
fathers and you will triumph.
