40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Smith.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
The report was adopted ; the members from
Georgia were sworn in, and occupied their seats
from that date until the expiration of that Con-
gress. It thus appears beyond controversy
that allowing that Georgia had no State gov-
ernment at the close of the war; and that Con-
gress had a right to reconstruct her in the
manner and to the extent heretofore contended
for by the Republican party, she is to-day, in
accordance with their own theory, in strict com-
pliance with their legislation upon the subject,
a perfectly reconstructed State, having not only
territory and people, but an organized State
government, complete in all its parts. The
proof of her compliance with all the conditions
imposed by those laws is not only complete in
itself, but General Meade, the representative
of the Government for the purpose, and this
House, both acting officially, and the members
of the House under oath admit it in the most
solemn and explicit manner. It will be ob-
served, too, that upon the performance of those
conditions the Government is solemnly pledged
to admit Georgia to representation in Congress
as a matter of right. She is in position to de-
mand the fulfillment of that pledge. The people
of the country will demand its fulfillment, and
the Government by denying or avoiding it will
cover itself with disgrace and its friends with
shame.
Now, sir, what excuse have gentlemen to
offer for the monstrous breach of faith involved
in the passage of this bill? Why ;'keep the
word of promise to the ear and break it to the
hope" of this long-suffering people?
Why, sir, weare told that Georgiahas commit-
ted agreat crime which justifies the Government
in repudiating its pledges aud disregarding its
own laws. She has ejected a dozen or so of
negroes from her State Legislature, claiming
that under her constitution they were not
eligible to office. This is "thehead and front
of her offending."
By what rule shall we judge of the magnitude
of this offense? Is it wrong, per se, to exclude
negroes from office-holding ? Is it a violation
of the reconstruction acts or of the constitution
of the State of Georgia or of the United States ?
If we hold that the act was wrong in itself with-
outreference to anylaw, and justify the punish-
ment proposed by this bill on that ground, we
condemn and expose to the same punishment
every other State that does not allow negroes
to hold office. The young State I have the
honor to represent on this floor is guilty of the
same offense. So are New York, Pennsylva'
nia, and a majority of the States of the Union,
not excepting those of New England. Indeed^
sir, all the States have been guilty of this enor-
mous crime, if crime it be, for nearly the whole
period of their existence. Why not mete out
to them the same punishment?
I am aware, sir, that it is pretended that the
act was in violation of the reconstruction acts,
but I also know_ that it is only a pretense.
Ihere is nothing in those acts upon the subject
of negroes holding office under State govern-
ments, and in all the discussion upon this
subject gentlemen on the other side have care-
fully abstained from quoting them in sup-
port of their position. The Republican party
in my State, where I have had occasion to dis-
cuss those laws fully, have always claimed that
they did not provide for negro office-holding,
and that that party was not in favor of giving
them office. 2 know that it is a progressive
party; that the Republicanism of to-day is
always something different from that of yester-
day ; but no amount of progression in party
sentiment can change the meaning of the
Jinghsh language or make the reconstruction
acts of the past provide for negroes holding
office m the State of Georgia.
The only other rule by which to measure this
alleged crime is the constitution of Georgia.
It is alleged that that instrument was violated
by the State Legislature, and that the decision
of the supreme court of that State establishes
that fact. It is true that the Legislature de-
cided the question of the right of the negroes
to hold office one way, and the supreme court
of the State decided it the other way; but what
right has Congress to decide between them ?
If Congress may decide constitutional ques-
tions for one State it may for all the States,
and thus our system of State governments may
at any time be overthrown.
I do not express any opinion as to which
construction of the constitution of Georgia is
the correct one, that of the court or that of the
Legislature; but it is certainly clear that Con-
gress has no right to decide that question.
I further affirm that the Legislature was the
sole and final judge of the election and qual-
ification of its members, and that neither the
supreme court of that State nor any other tri-
bunal could make any decision of that question
that would be binding on that body. The right
of a legislative body to judge of that question
finally has never before been denied in this
country. It is a right essential to their freedom
and independence and "formidable to tyrants
only." This question came up for consider-
ation when the Legislature was first convened.
It was then claimed that there were some
members who were ineligible under the recon-
struction laws, and the question was whether
General Meade, military commander of the
district, should decide upon their eligibility or
whether it should be left to the Legislature.
Geueral Meade decided that it was a question
for the Legislature and not for him. He re-
ported his decision to that effect to General
Grant, his superior officer, and was sustained
after careful examination of the question by
that officer. General Meade's dispatch, dated
July 18, 1868, goes into the question at con-
siderable length. I will not quote it ire extenso,
but will make an extract or two from it. He
says:
"I am not disposed to alter the position I have
assumed, that it is the prerogative of each house to
judge of'the facts and the law in the cases of mem-
bers of their houses."
Referring to this matter in his official report
to the Secretary of War, he says:
."I deemed my duty simply required that I should
8ive the member having the greatest number of votes
the ordinary certificate of election, andthat itwould
be for each house to decide on the eligibility of
those members whose seats were on any ground con-
tested. \Y hilc i admitted, asdistrictcommander ex-
ecuting the law. I was to see that no one ineligible
to office under the fourteenth article of the consti-
tutional amendment, should be allowed to take
offices. I did not see that in the case of a parlia-
mentary body I was called upon to decide on the
qualifications of members."
This view of General Meade was sustained
by the War Department as well as by General
Grant, and was acquiesced in by Congress. If
this decision of that question was correct when
the Legislature was only a provisional body
and on its preliminary organization under the
reconstruction acts, how can its correctness be
questioned when applied to a State Legislature
acting under its own constitution and with no
one authorized by law or usage to supervise its
action ?
There is another view of this question which
I commend to_ the consideration of gentlemen
on the other side. The Republican party has
become very jealous of our Suprems Court,
and is nowseeking to limit its jurisdiction by
solemn legislative enactments. It holds that
Congress is supreme within certain not clearly
defined limits, and that its constructions of the
Constitution within those limits are not sub-
ject to judicial review. I ask upon what prin-
ciple or with what consistency can Congress
affirm Iheright of the supreme court of Geor-
gia to decide this question, for the Legislature
of that State and deny to the Supreme Court
of the United States a like authority over sim-
ilar questions arising in Congress ? The rule
contended for in this case if applied to that
court would greatly extend its jurisdiction,
instead of limiting it as desired. It is a bad
rule that will not work both ways.
But, to return. It is clear from what I have
already said that no violation of the recon-
struction laws has been committed by the
Legislature of Georgia in the act complained
of; that whether its construction of the State
constitution was correct or not, it was upon a
point within the exclusive jurisdiction of that
body, and therefore not reviewable here or
elsewhere.
But the Legislature after deciding the ques-
tion according to its own interpretation of that
instrument, apparently with a view to the peace
of the State and to have the point in dispute
settled beyond cavil or controversy, adopted
the following joint resolution :
" Whereas it is believed that a judicial decision of
the question of the colored man's right to hold office
in Georgia under the constitution now in force would
restore the State to her proper position in theUnion
and give quiet throughout the State; and whereas
said question is one which the courts of the State can
properly take cognizance of; and whereas we, the
representatives of the people of Georgia, are unwill-
ing that any effort should be spared on our part to
bring about a state of peace and happiness to the
people and a settlement of that important question-
Be it therefore,
. ■' Resolved by the Senate, and House of Representa-
tives of the State of Georgia in General Assembly con-
vened, That a case involving the right of the colored
man to hold office shall, as soon as the same can be
§roperly brought before the supremo court of tho
tate.be heard and determined by said court, and
we believe that the people of the State will, as they
have heretofore always done, in good faith abide the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal of the State
whenever so declared."
The decision invited by this resolution has
been rendered. Since then the Legislature
has not been in session and the members thereof
have had no opportunity to officially acquiesce
in the construction of the court.
We are assured by persons from Georgia
that when they reassemble they will, if allowed
an opportunity to do so, reseat the expelled
negroes and thus end the controversy. From
the terms of the joint resolution it is reason-
able to suppose that this statement is correct.
Gentlemen on the other side say they do not
believe it; but that is a question that need not
be left to inference or argument. In about
three weeks that Legislature will convene in
obedience to the constitution of the State.
Why not wait for that brief period and give
those men an opportunity to confess or refute
the charge made against them ? It is not pre-
tended that Congress will not have the same
right and power to interfere then that it has
now. Even the anxious ebony statesmen might
afford to wait that long, as they can hardly be
reseated at an earlier day by this bill, and the
certainty that it would passat. some future day
if they were not restored would enable them to
open negotiations at once with "carpet-bag"
aspirants for senatorial honors.
But this question was up substantially in the
same form last April. Whatever guilt Georgia
has incurred by the acts complained of was
as well known to Congress then as it is now.
Nothing has been done there since that time to
change the character of the question or to re-
quire haste in its solution. You were willing
to wait then to see what the Legislature would
do, and probably to let them settle the ques-
tion m their own way.
. Why so indifferent then and so anxious and
m such haste now? The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr.BuTLEit,] seeing that there
was need 01 explanation, at this point invents
one. He says that the rebels in that State are
murdering these members of the Legislature,
and that if you wait three weeks they will be
all killed and it will be too late to convene
them.
Mr. Speaker, a charge like this against the
people of a whole State ought not to be lightly
made unsupported by proof. What proof did the
