1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
"No more arbitrary arrests will be permitted with
impunity. No more Vallandighams will be dragged
from the bosom of their families and spirited away
to a foreign land or a dungeon, unless the attempt
costs blood."
Need I recall the fact, as a comment on these
resolutions and speeches, that the rebels had
from the start insisted, and never insisted more
strongly than at the date of that convention
and daring the following election campaign,
that they would listen to no terms of compro-
mise except separation, no adjustment that
did not recognize their independence? The
rebel press took full note of all such move-
ments in the North, and gloried in them as a
means by which the war power of the Gov-
ernment was paralyzed and their ends sub-
served. These denunciations of the Govern-
ment and its agents, this opposition to the sup-
pression of the rebellion by the force of arms,
these propositions to meet rebel violence and
invasion by moral suasion, were understood by
the rebels as they were then and are now by
Republicans. They were understood by them
as I now interpret them. I could give ample
quotations from the Richmond papers, pub-
lished under the eye of Jeff. Davis, showing
that the rebels hailed these Democratic utter-
ances with delight, as calculated to insure
their success, while they scouted the idea of
entering the Union under any conditions what-
ever and whoever might invite them back.
They had not even words of decency to employ
concerning their advocates in the North, but
called them "spaniels." Mr. David F. Cab-
bal, who was captured in Florida, and said he
came South to represent the peace party, was
allowed to die of rot in that hell on earth,
Andersonville. He was one of the " hyenas"
that Davis would none of, and the difference
between him and an Abolitionist when on
southern soil was not enough marked to avert
his fate. But the operations of such men,
while they worked to stir up divisions and dis-
satisfaction in the North, were fully appre-
ciated. The Richmond Whig, speaking of
some anti-war resolutions introduced into the
Indiana Legislature, said:
"They are intensely bitter against the war and
the objects for which it is waged, and urge an armis-
tice of six months, and a national convention to set-
tle all difficulties. In one set it is proposed, if the
convention is not held, that Indiana snail act for
herself. The furious denunciation of the resolutions
by the Republican paper constitutes their best rec-
ommendation. and argues a redeeming spirit among
the people of the northwest. We of the confederate
States should do what is possible to encourage the
growth and ascendency of thatspirit. Trifles should
not be disregarded. Speedy, peace or a long and dis-
astrous war is the alternative issue. There never
was such an opportunity for wise men."
The Richmond Examiner declared that it
hoped much from the nomination of peace can -
dictates on a peace platform at Chicago, and
the South should do all in its power to secure
the success of those candidates. But, it said,
the peace Democracy were mistaken if they
supposed the South would consent to reenter
the Union. The South was fighting for its inde-
pendence and would be satisfied with nothing
else. An armistice would give the South a
breathing spell, while the Yankee Government
would be unable to renew a war once inter-
rupted. If the peace party was to be taken at
its word, if its movements were dictated by
anything more than a desire for spoils, it would
not wish to renew the war if the South refused
to make terms. At any rate, it said, the move-
ment was a significant sign of northern demor-
alization.
The Charleston Mercury said :
" If we hold our own and prevent further military
successes on the part of our foes there is every pros-
pect that McCIellan will be elected, and his election
upon the Chicago platform must lead to peace and
our independence."
What the leaders of the Democratic party
really expected to result from an armistice
may be gathered frotn their confidences to
Lord Lyons in November, 1862, and which are
set down w ith diplomatic precision in bis famous
letter to Earl Russell. Their desires for foreign
intervention with our domestic affairs to stop
the war are as remorselessly stated. He wrote:
" On my arrival at New York on the 8th instant I
found the (Democratic) Conservative loaders exult-
ing in the crowning success achieved by the party in
that State." * * * * "They seemed to be
persuaded that the result of the elections would be
accepted by the President as a declaration of the will
of the people ; that he would increase the moderate
and conservative element in the Cabinet; that he
would seek to terminate the war, not to push it to
extremity: that he would endeavor to effect a recon-
ciliation with the people of the South, andronounco
the idea of subjugating or exterminating them.
"On the following morning, however, intelligence
arrived from Washington which dashed the rising
hopes of the Conservatives. It was announoed that
General McCIellan had been dismissed from the
command of the Army of the Potomao." * • *
"The irritation of the Conservatives at New York
was certainly very great; it seemed, however, to be
not unmixed with consternation and despondency.
" Several of the leaders of the Democratic party
sought interviews with me, both before and after the
arrival of the intelligence of General MoClellan's
dismissal. The subject uppermost in their minds
while they were speaking to me wns naturally that
of foreign, mediation between the North and South.
Many of them seemed to think that this mediation
must come atlast, but they appeared to be very much
afraid of its coming too soon. It was evident that
they apprehended that a premature proposal of
foreign intervention would afford the Radical party
a means of reviving the violent war spirit, and of
thus defeating the peaceful plans of the Conserva-
tives. They appeared to regard the present moment
as peculiarly unfavorable for such nn offer, and
indeed, to hold that it would be essential to the suc-
cess of any proposal from abroad that it should
be deferred until the control of the executive Gov-
ernment should be in the hands of the Conservative
party.
" I gave no opinion on tho subject. I did not say
whether or no I myself thought foreign intervention
probable or advisable; but! listened with attention
to the accounts given me of the plaDS and hopes of
the Conservative party. At the bottom I thought I
perceived a desire to put an end to the war, even at
the risk of losing the southern States altogether;
but it was plain that it was not thought prudent to
avow this desire. Indeed, some hints of it dropped
before the elections were so ill-received that a strong
declaration in the contrary sense was deemed neces-
sary by the Democratic leaders.
"At the present moment, therefore, the chiefs of
the Conservative party call loudly for a more vigor-
ous prosecution of the war, and reproach the Gov-
ernment with slackness as well as with want of suc-
cess in its military measures. But they repudiate all
idea of interfering with the institutions of thesouth-
ern people or of waging; a war of subjugation or ex-
termination. They maintain that the object of the
military operations should be to place the North in
a position to demand an armistice with honor and
effect. The armistice should, they hold, be followed
by a convention, in which such changes of the Con-
stitution should be proposed as would give the South
ample security on the subject of its slave property
and would enable the North and theSouth to reunite
and to live together in peace and harmony. The
Conservatives profess to think that the South might
be induced to take part in such a convention, and
that a restoration of the Union would be the result.
"The more sagacious members of the party must,
however, look upon the proposal of a convention
merely as a last experiment to test the possibility of
reunion. They are no doubt aware Itnat the more
probable consequence of an armistice would be the
establishment of southern independence."
****** * * * *
" It is with reference to such an armistice as they
desire to attain that the leaders of the Conservative
party regard the question of foreign mediation," &c.
With all the Democratic protest and remon-
strances, public and private, against the war as
cruel, fratricidal, wicked, revolting, abhorent,
&c., so abundant throughout the struggle, not
one of them was, so far as I can recollect,
addressed to the rebel chiefs, but were all aimed
at the Republicans. Not even the horrors of
southern prisons and prison-pens,-where the
Union prisoners were murdered by slow tor-
tures, awakened the invective of these eloquent
champions of peace. What our brave boys in
blue there suffered, what misery and despair,
can never be told. Those emptied sepulchers
should be the shrines of the Republic—
"Empty! The very air is peopled, full
Of their pinched forms, of faces wan and pale
Set in endurance; fingers gaunt and frail
Clenching the iron bars in anguish dull.
While the dim eyes interrogate the day.
Silent! A silence that is loud of sound,
Full of death-voices, murmurs, of the round
Of armed guards pacing their callous way.
Of whispered farewell, of appealing prayer!"
It was said the other day, to break the force
of my remarks, that the Democrats enlisted
and fought through the war. I admit that
many did so, and that some remained Dem-
ocrats to the end of the war. But as a rule
whatever the politics of those who volunteered'
they became Republicans as a result of their
war experience, or else a great majority of those
who enlisted were Republicans; and this is
proved by the immense majority of votes that,
were cast for Lincoln over McCIellan in the
votes taken in the field. Democrats who en-
listed did so in opposition to the prevailing
sentiment of their party leaders to sustain a
war that these said should cease. Republicans
naturally enlisted in aid of a war that they
thought should go on. Of the many gentlemen
on the Republican side of this Hall who fought
gallantly in the war some were Democrats at
the outbreak of the war and have been Repub
licans ever since. I have here a list of fifty-
one members of this House who personally
fought for the Union, and who are now Repub-
licans ; some of them eminent in this perilous
service, and some of them have left limbs on
the battle-field. They are as follows: Ala-
bama, Alfred E. Buell; Arkansas, Logan H.
Roots, Thomas Boles ; Florida, Charles M.
Hamilton ; Illinois, John F. Farnsworth, John
A. Logan, John B. Hawley, Jesse H. Moore,
John B. Hay ; Indiana, John Coburn, Godlove
S. Orth, John P. C. Shanks, Jasper Packard;
Iowa, William Smith; Louisiana, Lionel A.
Sheldon ; Massachusetts, Nathaniel P. Banks,
B. F. Butler, James Buffinton; Ohio, R. C.
Schenck, James A. Garfield, W. Lawrence,
John Beatty, JohnT. Wilson; Martin Welker ;
Pennsylvania, JamesS. Negley,Henry L. Cake,
Joseph B. Donley; Tennessee, R. R. Butler,
William B. Stokes, W. F. Prosser, Isaac R.
Hawkins, W. J. Smith; West Virginia, J. H.
Duval, J. S. Witcher; Wisconsin, H. E. Paine,
Amasa Cobb, C. C. Washburn ; Michigan, W.
L. Stoughton ; Missouri, G. A. Finkelnburg,
S. H. Boyd, S. S. Burdett, R. T. Van Horn,
J. F. Asper, J. T. Benjamin, David P. Dyer;
Nebraska, John Taffe; New Hampshire, A. F.
Stevens; New York, J. H. Ketcham, A. H.
Tanner; North Carolina, John T. Deweese,
A. H. Jones. Against this number there art;
eight on the Democratic side of the House.
They are: Illinois, John M. Crebs ; Kentucky,
George M. Adams; Minnesota, E. M. Wilson;
New York, H. W. Sloctim ; Ohio, W. Mungen,
E. F. Dickinson, and George W. Morgan; Mis-
souri, J. R. McCormick. Six of the Republi-
cans-to whom I have referred were Democrats
before the war. Fifty-one to eight I Is com-
ment necessary?
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
in reply to my remarks, accused Mr. Lincoln
and his advisers of conspiring to aid the rebel-
lion by accepting the resignation of officers in
the Army, who afterward became rebel chief-
tains. In a speech which he made a few weeks
ago, and in which he alluded to the dying
statesman whose memory the nation wiU for-
ever revere, as "Stanton, the butcher," he
elaborated the same idea and held that these
men ought to have been arrested. Has he for-
gotten the tirades of the press, orators, and
conventions of his party raised against the Ad-
ministration for arbitrary arrests and gloomy
bastiles ? Now, after the event, he thin ks there
were not enough of them. How loud the howl
would have been here and elsewhere if the
Government had arrested southern men " for
no other crime," as itwould have been charged,
" than that they would not cut the throats of
their kindred 1" I refer the gentleman to the
jeremiads of his party over Ross Winans, Val-
landigham, and other patriots.
I might multiply facts to infinity, but it is
unnecessary. The most charitable construc-
tion that can be put upon the motives of that
party is that they believed that defeats and
disasters would destroy the Republican ascend-
ency and they would thereby come into power
and coax the rebels back into the Union by
all manner of concessions and prostration to
the slave power. The history of the party for-
bids a more lenient construction of its motives.
The history of the Democratic party! It is a
