1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3887
ness, a certificate from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue that tiiemanageror managers of any lottery
in the tickets or numbers of which ho proposes to
deal, have filed his or their bond, as required by the
preceding section, nor until he has also given to the
said assessor the duly executed bond, in the penal
sum of $1,000, of tho manager of the lottery in the
tickets or numbers of which he proposes to deal, con-
ditioned that he shall comply with all the require-
ments of law pertaining to such husiness; and if such
applicant proposes to deal in the tickets or numbers
of more than one lottery, he shall furnish to such
assessor the separate bond of the manager of each
lottery in the tickets ornumbcisof which he proposes
to deal. Such bonds Riven to the assessor shall, in
each case, be approved by the assessor of the proper
district, and executed in the form and manner pre-
scribed in this act. If any person shall engage or
be concerned in the husiness of a dealer in lottery
tickets without having first paid the special tax and
given bond or bonds as above required, he shall be
held guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction,
shall be fined not less than ^1,000 nor more than $5,000,
and imprisoned not less than one year nor more
than three yeais. And any assessor, assistant as-
sessor, collector, or deputy collector who shall be in-
formed of' any person so offending shall forthwith
make affidavit, slating the i'acts, before a iudge of
the district or circuit court of tho United States, or
a United States-commissioner, within whose juris-
diction such offense has been committed; and such
judge or commissioner shall thereupon issue a war-
rant to such revenue officer, or to the marshal of
thedistrict, ordering him to arrest the party so offend-
ing, and to close the office where such offender has
cairiedon his business, until he shall pay the tax and
furnish the bond required by law. Every lottery
ticket, or fractional part of a lottery ticket, or sup-
plementary lottery ticket, or policy, or combination
of numbers, token, certificate, or device, representing
any such ticket or fractional partof a ticket, or sup-
plementary ticket, or the evidence in any form of
any chance or interest in the drawing of any lottery
sold by any dealer in lottery tickets, shall bo legibly
stamped with the name of the vender and the date
of such sale, under a penalty of 8100, to bo paid by
the vender, for every ease of scllfrig without such
previous stamping. And any person who shall pur-
chase, obtain, or rcccive from another any lottery
ticket, fractional part of a lottery ticket, supple-
mentary lottery ticket, policy, or combination of
numbers, token, certificate, or device, representing
any such ticket, fractional part of a ticket, or sup-
plementary tiekct, or tho cvidcncc in any form of a
chance or interest in the drawing of any lottery
without thesamc having been firststamped as above
required, or without the person selling, furnishing,
or giving the same having before that paid the spe-
cial tax required from a dealer in lottery tickets,
may recover from such^person from whom the same
was so purchased, obtained, or received, at any time
within three years thereafter, by suit in any circuit
or district court of the United States, a judgment for
a sum equal to five times the amount of money paid,
or five times tho value of any article or property
given or exchanged therefor, with full costs of suit.
Pioprictors of gift enterprises shall each pay $500.
Every person who shall sell or offer for sale any real
estate or article of merchandise of any description,
or any ticket of admission to any exhibition or per-
formance, with a promise, express, implied, or contin-
gent. to give or bestow any other article or thing to the
purchaser of such real estate, merchandise, orticket,
or shall in any manner hold out the promise of gift
or bestowal of any ui tides or thing, shall be regarded
as a proprietor of a gift enterprise. No such pro-
prietor, in consequence of being thus taxed, shall be
exempt from paying any other tax imposed by law,
and the special tax herein required shall bo in addi-
tion thereto.
Distillers producing twenty-five barrels or less of
distilled spirits, counting forty gallous of proof spirits
to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay $100;
and if producing more than twenty-five barrels shall
pay in addition four dollars for each such barrel pro-
duced in excess of t wcnty-fivebarrels.# And monthjy
returns of tho number of barrels of spirits, as beiore
described, distilled by him, shall be made by each
distiller in the same manner as monthly returns of
sales are made. Every person who produces distilled
spirits, or who brews or makes ma&h, wort, or wash
fit for distillation or for the production ot spirits, or
who, by any piocess of vapoiination, separates alco-
holic spirit from any fermented substance, or who,
making or keeping mash, wort, or wash, has also m
his possession or use a still, shall be regarded as a
distiller: Provided, That a like tax of four dollars on
each barrel, counting forty gallons of proof spirits to
the barrel, shall be assessed and collected from the
owner of any distilled spirits which may be in bonded
warehouse, to be paid whenever the same shall be
withdrawn from such warehouse, under the provis-
ions of this act: Provided, That no tax shall be lin-
" posed for any still, stills, or other apparatus used by
druggists and chemists for the^ecovery of alcohol for
pharmaceutical and chemical or scientific purposes,
which lias been used in those processes. #
Rectificrs of distilled spirits, rectifying, purifying,
or refining, mixing or com pounding two hundred bar-
rels or less of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons
of.proofspiritstothcban el,within tho year, shall cach
pay $200, and shallpay fifty cents for each barrel pro-
duced in excess of two b undred barrels. And monthly
returns of the quantity and proof of all the_ spirits
purchased and of tho number of barrels of spirits, as
bcforedcscribed, rectified, purified, refined, mixed,or
compounded by him, shall be made by each rectifier m
the same manner as mon Lilly returns of sales are made.
Every person who rectifies, purifies, or refines distilled
spirits or wines by any process, and every wholesale
or retail liquor dealer who has in his possession any
still or leacn-tub, or who shall keep any other appa-
ratus for the purpose of refining in any manner dis-
tilled spirits, and every person who, without rectify-
ing, purifying, or refining distilled spirits, shall, by
mixing such spirits, wines, or other liquors with any
materials, manufacture for sale any spurious, imita-
tion, or compound liquor, underthenameof whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, spirits, cordials, wine-bitters,
or under any other name, shall beregarde4 as a recti-
fier and as being engaged in the business of a recti-
fier: Provided, however, That the provisions of this
section shall not apply to any authorized distiller
who shall purify or refine distilled spirits of his own
production, in tho course of original distillation,
from mash, wort, or beer, through continuous closed
vessels and pipes, until tho manufacture thereof is
complete.
Retail liquor dealers, whose annual sales do not
exceed £>2,500, shall each pay twenty-five dollars; if
exceeding $^,500, and not exceeding £5,000, shall each
pay fifty dollars; if exceeding §5,000, and not exceed-
ing $10,000. shall each pay £100; if exceeding $10,000,
and not exceeding .^20,000, shall cach pay $200; and
if exceeding $20,000, shall each pay $1,0 00. livery
person who soils or offers for sale distilled spirits,
wines, or malt liquors in less quantities than one
quai t at a time, to bo drunk at the place or on the
premises where they are sold, shall be regarded as a
retail liquor dealer.
W holesale liquor dealers shall cach pay fifty dol-
lars, and twenty-five dollars lor every additional
$1,0U0 on all sales in cxcess of £2,000. Every person
who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits, wines, or
malt liquoisin quantity of not less than one quart at
one time, and not to be drunk at the place or on the
premises where the sale is made, shall be regarded as
a. wholesaleliquor dealer. But no distiller or brewer,
who has paid his spccial tax as such, and who sells only
distilled spirits or malt liquors of his own production
in the original casks or packages in which they are
placed for the purpose of allixing the tax-stamps,
shall be required to pay the special tax of a whole-
sale dealer: Provided, Thatnothing contained in this
act shall be construed to impose a special tax upon
any person who sells wino made from grapes or other
products of his own growth at the place where the
same is made.
Maiiufactuieis of stills shall each pay fifty dollars,
and twenty dollars for each still or worm for distill-
ing made by him. Any person who manufactures
any still or worm to be used in distilling shall be
deemed a manufacturer of stills.
Brcwersshall eachpayonohundred dollars. Every
person whose business it is to manufacture fermented
liquors of any name or description, for sale, from
malt, wholly or in part, or from any substitute there-
for, shall be regarded as a brewer.
Tobacco, ajwtf, and cigars.—Dealers in leaf tobacco
whose annual sales do not exceed £10,000 shall each
pay twenty-five dollars; and if their annual sales
exceed $10,000. shall pay, in addition, two dollars for
every $1,000 in excess of $10,000. Every person shall
be regarded as a dealer m leaf tobacco whose busi-
ness it- is, for himself or on commission, to sell or offer
for sale leaf tobacco. And payment of a special tax
as a wholesale dealer, tobacconist, manufacturer of
cigars, or manufacturer of 1 obaeco, shall not exempt
any person dealing in leaf tobacco from the payment
of the special tax therefor hereby required. 33ut no
farmer or plantershall be required to pay a special
tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco for selling tobacco of
his own production, or tobacco received by him as
rent from tonauts, who have produced tho same on
his lands.
Dealers in tobacco, whoso annual sales do not ex-
ceed #1,000, shall cach pay five dollars, and when
their annual sales exceed $1,000 shall pay in addi-
tion two dollars for each $1,000 in excess of S1.000.
Every person who sells or offers for sale manufactured
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall be regarded as a dealer
in tobacco. Dealers in tobacco shall keep a book
and shall enter daily therein an accurate account of
the quantity, packages, and number of pounds of
tobacco purchased by them cach day, the date of
purchase, the name and place of residence of the
person from whom purchased, the name of the man-
ufacturer, tlieiegitaeiedniuuberof the factory where
manufdetured, and the district and State in which
the same is situated. Said book shall be preserved
by them for two years, and shall at all hours be open
to inspection by any revenue officer; and in case of
any refusal or willful neglect to keep and preserve
said book and account, or to permit such inspection,
ueh dealer shall be fined not les^ than 1100 nor more
than $2,000, and imprisoned not less than throe
months nor more than one year.
Manufacturers of tobacco shall each pay ten dollars,
and, in addition thereto, •where the amount of the
penalsnm of the bond of such manufacturer required
by this act lo be given shail exceed tho sum of85,000,
two dollars for each i?l,000 in cxcess of &5.000 ot such
penal sum. Every person whose business it is to man-
ufacture tobacco or snuff for himself, or who shall em-
ploy others io manufacture tobacco or snuff, whether
Mich manufactureshall be by cutting,piossing, giHid-
ing. crushing, or rubbing of any leaf or raw tobacco,
or otherwise preparing raw or leaf tobacco or manu-
factuied or partially manufactured tobacco or snufi,
or the putting up for use or consumption of scraps,
wasre. clippings, stems, or deposits of tobacco, result-
ing from any process of handling tobacco, shall be
regarded as ^manufacturer oftobacco. But no manu-
facturer of tobaeco shail be required to pay the special
tax as a dealer in tobacco for selling the products of
his own manufacture.
Manufacturers of cigars, whose annual sales shall
not exceed $5,000, shall each pay ten dollars, and
when their annual sales exceed $5,000 shall pay, in
addition, two dollars for each $1,000 in excess ol
$5,000. Each person whose business it is to make or
manufacture cigars for himself, or who shall employ
others to make or manufacture cigars, shall fee re-
garded as a manufacturer of cigars. No special tax
receipt shall be issued to any manufacturer of cigars
until he shall have given the bond required by law.
Every person whoso business it is to make cigars for
others, either for pay, upon commission, on shares,
or otherwise, from material furnished by others, shall
be regarded as a cigar-maker. Every cigar-maker
shall cause his name and residonce to bo regis-
tered, without previous demand, with the assistant
assessor of the division in which such cigar-maker
shall bo employed; and any manufacturer of cigars
employing any cigar-maker whoshall have neglected
or refused to make such registry, shall, on convic-
tion, be fined five dollars for each day that such cigar-
maker so offending by neglect or refusal to rogister
shall be employed by him.
The hour of five o'clock p. m. having
arrived, being the time fixed by order of the
House for adjournment, the Speaker declared
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr, ASPER: The petition ofHenry Nun-
ning and 5 others, brewers of St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, praying the repeal of all laws whereby the
dealers in malt liquors are classified as liquor
dealers.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Seth
Driggs, citizen of the United States, a claimant
under the treaty of April 25,1806, between the
Government of the United States and the
republic of Venezuela. *
By Mr. DEGENER: A petition of citizens
of Curies Creek, Kendall county, Texas, for
protection against Indians.
Also, a petition of citizens of Comfort, Ken-
dall county, Texas, for protection against In-
dians.
Also, a petition of citizens of Leon Springs,
Bexar county, Texas, for protection against
Indians.
Also, the petition of Adams & Weeks, Gov- *
ernment transportation contractors.
By Mr. EL A : The petition of William J.
Stuart, guardian of Ada Cooper, a minor child
of the late Lieutenant Colonel John D. Cooper,
of second New Hampshire volunteers, for a
pension.
By Mr. GETZ : The petition of Breneiser,
Mayer & Co., Beard & Hagy, and 20 others,
dealers in tobacco of the city of Reading, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to establish the
uniform rate of tax on all manufactured to-
bacco and snuff at sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. McKEE : The petition of J. K. Ste-
phenson, of Hinds county, Mississippi, for pay-
ment for services as scout and spy in the Union
Army.
By Mr. MeKENZIE: Petitions of the to-
bacco manufacturers of Louisa county, Vir-
ginia, in favor of an internal tax of sixteen
cents per pound on all manufactured tobacco
and snuff, which, in their opinion, will produce
$25,000,000 of revenue.
By Mr. PAINE: A resolution of the State
board of assessors of Wisconsin, in favor of
the improvement of the navigation of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of M. W.
Duncan, of Conway county, Arkansas, for
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of R. M.
Corwine, as counsel for parties in certain prize
cases for the southern district of Illinois, pray-
ing for the return of money erroneously awarded
and paid to the United States and to captors
of cotton, and which has since, by an order of
the United States court in said district, been
requested to berepaidby the Secretary of the
Treasury.
By Mr. WINANS: The remonstrances of
R. B. Forbes, and sixteen others, of Boston,
and of J. J. Wister, late brigadier general, and
twenty-four others, (persons and business firms
of Philadelphia,) against any change in the rank
