1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2943
order. The Secretary will report the first res-
olution laid over, being one submitted by the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Rftolvtd, That the rule last adopted in reference
to the order of business bo so construed as not to
apply to tho morning hour.
Sir. WILLIAMS. I move that that be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
business ok com.mittkk on commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next and
last resolution on the Calendar of resolutions
laid over is one submitted by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandi.er.] for a recess from
five o'clock to half past seven o'clock for the
consideration in the evening of business re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that resolution
will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better not
be adopted nntil we have gone through the
Calendar and seen what the result is. I think
the business of the Committee on Commerce
had better, at least for the present, take its
chance with the other business under the new
system we have assumed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the recess will
be taken in any event. Let us go through the
Calendar. If the Senate decline to give me
the evening for the Committee on Commerce,
then let us go on with the Calendar. We are
so far behind that it must be evident to every
member of this body that we shall require con-
stant work.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are getting on nicely
now.
Mr. SUMNER. Doing very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let well enough alone.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
give me thi3 evening to consider bills from the
Committee on Commerce. Unfortunately for
the Committee on Commerce, every bill of
that committee that has been reached has been
passed over under an objection. If the rest
of the bills from that committee share the same
fate I do not see how that committee is espe-
cially benefited by this objection rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that
he see what the operation of the two rules under
which we are now working shall be. For
instance, here is the rule proposed by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, by which we are going
through the Calendar and passing all bills not
objected to. Thus far that has worked very
well. Now there is the other rule, that as
soon as we get the special orders out of the
way, we take up the Calendar and go on with
it regularly in order. Now let us see how that
works. If that shall be found dilatory; in
short, if it does not work, then I think there
will be occasion for the motion of my friend.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, Mr. President,
if any gentleman here present will look at the
Calendar he will see that the Senator from
Massachusetts has about a dozen bills that will
occupy at least four months, and the business
of the Committee on Commerce will never be
reached while time lasts. I desire to have
this evening, and I will ask a vote on the reso-
lution that this evening be set apart for busi-
ness of the Committee on Commerce. We
have important bills that ought to be passed
and that will be passed if we sit to-night; and
I hope that resolution will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan desires a vote on the resolu-
tion. The Secretary will report it.
The Secretary read the resolution as fol-
lows :
Re&olved, That the Senate take a recess from five
o'clock to half past seven o'clock p.m. to-day,for
the purpose of considering bills unon the Calendar
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
vote to give me this evening.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. I co,11 for the yeas and
nays. I wish to know whether the system we
are pursuing is to be broken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not interfere
with the system at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope everybody who
votes in favor of it will be here to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will again state the ques-
tion, and ask Senators on both sides to vote.
It is to have an evening session this evening,
for the purpose of considering bills reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to inquire of the chairman whether it is in-
tended to consider bills from the Committee
on Commerce which are not controverted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir-, the intention
is to consider bills not controverted. I shall
not take up any controverted bills at all.
Mr. SUMNER. Those will be reached under
the order we are now pursuing.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have one bill which
will take two hours to read and occupy the
whole day. Why not give me to-night to pass
that bill and to pass half a dozen others that
are not controverted at all? Certainly there
can be no objeclion to that on the part of any
one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
has no objection, I should like to amend his
resolution to make it conform to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Maine moves to amend the resolution by pro-
viding for the consideration of bills' not ob-
jected to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By way of doing some
business to-day, and not wasting it in determ-
ining whether we are to meet to-night or not—
and I hope we shall pass all the Senator's un-
objected bills before four o'clock—I move to
p:'.ss over this resolution, in order that we may
go on with the Calendar and pass all of them
to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will agree after to-day
or after to-morrow to give the Senator two or
three nights, if he ueeds them, for this pur-
pose ; but I think we had better try this rule
fairly first and go on with the Calendar, and I
will then vote with him to give him to-morrow
night.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; let it go
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be passed over.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1714) to revise, consoli-
date, and amend the statutes relating to patents
and copyrights was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. ROSS, from frhe Committee on Indian
Affairs, submitted an amendment intended to j
be proposed to the civil appropriation bill; !
which was referred to the Committee on Ap- !
propriations. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By direction J
of the Committee on Public Buildings and j
Grounds I desire to give notice to the Com- j
mittee on Appropriations that the bill (S. No.
530) to enlarge the public grounds surrounding i
the Capitol will be moved as an amendment
to the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1871.
Mr. ABBOTT submitted an amendment to
be offered to the bill (H. R. No. 974) making J
appropriations for the legislative, executive, !
and judicial expenses of the Government for \
the year ending the 30th of June, 1871; which i
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. 11. No.
974) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS submitted amendments intended
to be offered by him to the bill (S. No. 4G9)
relating to the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company ; which were ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
british steamer labuan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the Calendar of
bills and joint resolutions where it closed on
Friday last. By unanimous consent, on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] and the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Fenton,] two bills which had pre-
viously .been objected to were ordered to be
placed at the head of the Calendar not yet
acted upon. The objections have been with-
drawn, and the Secretary will report the first
one of those bills.
The Secretary read the title of the bill, as fol-
lows: "A bill (S. No. 84) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
in the case of the British steamer Labuan."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
read on Friday last, objected to, and the objec-
tion withdrawn. It is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought we were to go
through the Calendar first, and then return
again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Minnesota did not hear the Chair. The Chair
stated that the Calendar would commence to-
day on page 5, order of business No. 209, but
by unanimous consent the objections were with-
drawn to this bill and the bill in regard to the
protection of harbors, and they were ordered to
be placed at the head of the Calendar.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SUMNER. There are three other bills
in precisely the same situation.
Mr. COLE. I think not.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a fonrth bill that
is in a different situation ; but there are three
others to carry into execution decrees of courts
at the request of the British minister here in
Washington, made to the Department of State,
and communicated to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, with the accompanying papers,
and on that basis these bills have been drawn.
They belong to one class, and there is no rea-
son against one that is not against the others.
They are to carry into execution decrees of the
court below affirmed in the court above.
Mr. STEWART. In the case of one of
those bills some gentleman suggested that
there was an offset.
Mr. SUMNER. That is another one, and
I propose to make a distinction with regard to
that. That is the case which concerns the
Spaniard and the Frenchman. I think the
Senate had better act on them at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed we were to
proceed in regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent for the
consideration of certain other bills. If the
Senator from Ohio demands the regular order
that will rule it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall have to ask unan-
imous consent also in certain cases if this is
to be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it go over.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
