1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
record of treason and blood at the South, of
obstruction and malignity at the North. At
the South its members hurled armed legions
against a flag which had never waved over
tliem save in protection and kindness. At the
North they discouraged enlistments and re-
sisted drafts and depreciated credit, and cried
out for peace even at the price of national
dismemberment. They derided and insulted
those who honestly fought for the country;
they encouraged and applauded those whose
treachery, incompetency, or faintheartedness
precipitated disaster upon the armies of the
Republic; they denounced Grant, and cheered
McClellan; they cried out against Sherman,
and eulogized Fits John Porter; they abused
the loyalists of the South, and found perennial
comfort in the attitude of Kentucky; they
gave nothing voluntarily to the Federal Treas-
ury ; they contributed sparingly, or not at all,
to funds for the relief of our wounded soldiers.
Even those of them who professed devotion to
the Union were opposed to all stringent meas-
ures to preserve the Union. Those who favored
the war were opposed to bloodshed. They
denounced Lincoln as a tyrant and usurper, and
their most widely-circulated journal placed
Wilkes Booth on their list of martyrs.
If the Republic could have been preserved
without coercing the South; if the nag could
have been triumphant without invading the
gacredsoil; if freedom could have been assured
without enfranchising a slave; if die Treasury
could have been filled without levying a tax;
if armies could have been recruited without
men, and victories gained without battle; then,
perhaps, would Democratic policy have made
us as great, as united, as free, as powerful, and
as victorious as we are to-day. As it is, the
Democracy made their own record, and from
that record they cannot escape by post-mortem
repentance and loud-voiced protestations of
innocence after judgment. Wherever a con-
vention resolved that the war was a failure, it
was a Democratic convention; wherever men
conspired to resist the draft, wherever a plot
was laid to infect a city or destroy its public
works, there was a Democratic meeting. I do
not mean to ay that thousands upon thousands
of brave, true Democrats did not enlist and
fight and sacrifice and die for the good cause.
I do not mean to say that there may not now
be here and there in the Democratic party
loyal, freedom-loving, patriotic men. But 1
do mean to say that the party as a party is by
the acts and declarations of its representative
men, by its published proceedings and by its
notorious history, identified beyond the pos-
sibility of doubt, or the chance of mistake, or
the hope of withdrawal, with the great crime
that so nearly murdered the American nation.
Mr. PACKARD obtained the floor, and
yielded for half a minute to Mr. Cobb, of North
Carolina.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I ask leave
to print some remarks which I have prepared,
but which I do not wish to detain the House
by delivering.
Leave was granted. [See Appendix.]
POLICY 0* TUB REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, it is my good
fortune never to have belonged to any polit-
ical party but that which has been known since
1855, 1 believe, as the Republican party. You
will naturally and correctly conclude that I feel
a warm affection for a party in which 1 found
my first and only political home; a party with
which I began my political life, and in which
I hope to close my natural life; a party from
which I have never had and have now no desire
to wander; a party which has done grander
and better things than any other party which
has ever had an existence on American soil,
which has linked its name with liberty, and
which stands to-day, as it has for the last fif-
teen years, the true and the only exponent of
the principles which underlie our governmental
edifice. Of this great party it is my purpose
to spend the brief time allowed me in calm but
earnest speech, reserving a few minutes, if
possible, for a glance at that party which has
thrown itself across the pathway of the Repub-
licans in every one of the great measures given
to the country in the last ten years.
Has the Republican party a future? I be-
lieve it has; but there are conditions on which
its future existence depends, and with the ful-
fillment of those conditions its future existence
is as secure as its past history is immortal,
j What has our party done? What has it yet to
I do ? I will answer the last question first:
1. The leading measure of Republican policy
| at this moment, the grand issue of the hour,
I is the perfection of political equality by the
final ratification of the fifteenth constitutional
I amendment. I will not argue the question. I
| regard it as a work already accomplished, and
i I name it only because we hear it said some-
times that with the passage of this grand charter
of liberty, equality, and fraternity the mission
of the Republican party will be ended; that new
| parties will then arise founded on new issues,
i and the present party organizations will cease to
i be. This is a mistaken notion. It is true that
' parties grow out of particular issues, but they
: also represent tendencies of the human mind.
There is always a progressive element, a class
of men with whom not to go forward is to go
backward; and there is a class of men whose
eyes are in the back part of their heads, and
who are always looking to the rear. There is
a new spirit and an old. The hope of the one
is in the future, the other clings to the past.
The one is young and vigorous, moving onward
with the stride of a giant; the other is old, and
loves its age, and rattles its dry bones, and
loves the sound, and scatters ashes on every
growing thing, and calls itself14 Conservative.''
The one is Rome, the other is Carthage; the
one is Luther, the other is the pope; the one
is Cromwell, the other is Charles; the one is
Washington, the other is George III; the one
is freedom, the other is human bondage; the
one is Grant, the other is Lee j the one is the
Republican party, the other is modern Democ-
racy. Here is the " irrepressible conflict." It
has always existed, it always will exist. As
physical light and darkness antagonize so do
moral light and darkness. As the former will
continue to exist while the material universe
endures, so will the latter while the moral world
remains. But light is more potent than dark-
ness, and the new spirit is stronger than the
old. When the two forces meet the new always
triumphs over the old. In every contest of
principles this will always be the case. It
triumphed in our early history; it won on the
battle-fields of the South; it gained its cause
when the great jury of the people rendered
their verdict in November last; and when a
crowning triumph is achieved, in the final pas-
sage of the fifteenth amendment, in spite of
the persistent, stubborn, and factious opposi-
tion of the Democratic party, two political or-
ganizations will remain ; the one characterized
as now by the fire of youth, the other by the
wheeziness of age; and they will be judged
according to their past career and future tend-
ency. They that believe in progress founded
on intelligence will follow the Republican
faith; they that love darkness rather than light
will find their fitting home in the Democratic
party.
2. When the fifteenth amendment is adopted,
when political equality is established as the
fundamental law of the nation, it will become
the duty of the Republican party to enforce,
protect, and defend the Constitution, with all
its amendments, especially the last two, which
are more likely to be violated. I believe that
Congress has full power of legislation to so
control the States as to prevent any violation
of the Constitution either in letter or in spirit.
I regret that truth compels me to say that
violations have been of freqnent occurrence;
and in one instance, at least, the remedy has
been applied. Georgia has learned that we
are a nation. We must take the ground that
Congress may legislate for the enforcement
of any provision of the Constitution, and may
coerce a refractory State, no less than a refract-
ory individual. Would I destroy the rights
of the States? By no means. I would give
the State every right to which it is entitled
under the Constitution, but I totally repudiate
the pernicious heresy of the sovereignty of the
State.
"The United States shall guaranty to every Stato
in this Union a republican form of government."
So speaks the Constitution, uttering the
voice of the nation. The term '' Tj nited
States" here, means the Government of the
United States. That Government operates
through a law of Congress executed by the
Executive, and perhaps in certain contingen-
cies reviewed by the judicial tribunals. Now,
what is this "republican form of government"
which the " United States" is bound to "guar-
anty" to the State? I hold that the phrase
"republican form of government" derives all
its force and meaning from the Constitution
itself. A " republican form of government"
means just what the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States has made it mean. All of us have
a general idea of a republican government as
distinguished from a monarchy or an aristoc-
racy ; and in general terms it is a government
where the people rule through representatives
chosen by themselves. But republican gov-
ernments need not always be exactly alike in
all their details. They are not so. A repub-
lican form of government under a general con-
stitution must partake of and be in accord with
the spirit of that constitution. If our Consti-
tution upheld and sanctioned human slavery
a State might have a "republican form of
government," as pronounced in that Constitu-
tion, and yet be a slave State.
Before the furnace-blast of war blew our
eyes open most of us were ready to admit that
the Constitution of the United States gave
countenance and even protection to the insti-
tution of slavery. If this construction was cor-
rect, then the slave States had republican forms
of government. If such a construction was
not the correct one, then the slave States did
not have republican forms of government, and
the United States, in the exercise of that sov-
ereignty which is inherent in the nation, should
have executed the guarantee by breaking every
yoke and letting the oppressed go free. I be-
lieve the United States should have done this ;
I believe the Constitution was free in spirit
and intended to " secure the blessings of lib-
erty " to all alike, and hence that was no re-
Eublican form of government which held in
ondage any portion of its people. Butsnp-
lican form of government" might have been
consistent with the institution of slavery.
Suppose this were so until the thirteenth
constitutional amendment was adopted. Man-
ifestly, then, the phrase " republican form of
government" would mean something different
from what it did before. It would henceforth
mean, beyond a doubt, the absolute freedom of
all the peopleof the State. And aftertheadop-
tion of the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment the meaning of the phrase was still more
enlarged, and it came at once to mean com-
plete civil rights under the law and equal cit-
izenship for all the people of the' Staite ; and
where this is refused by law or constitution
there is not a " tepublican form_ of govern-
ment." Kentucky is not republican in her
government to-day. She does not approach
the meaning of the phrase as measured by the
Constitution of the United States, and a re-
publican form of government" should be "guar-
antied" to her and maintained by the whole
power of the nation. And as soon as we reach
the adoption of the fifteenth constitutional
amendment the phrase so often quoted will take
a new and larger meaning still; juid that State
