3888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
of the line and staff in tlieNavy; of'Brown,
Hinman & Co., and others, and of the Ohio
Tool Company, of Columbus, Ohio, against
the increase, and praying the reduoton of the
duties on steel.
Also, the remonstrances of Bollman & Carl,
of Baltimore, and others, of Baltimore, New
York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans, against
increase of duties on vinegar.
Also, the remonstrances of the book trade
of Chicago, New York, Rochester, Troy, Buf-
falo, Philadelphia!, Pittsburg, Alleghany, Cin-
cinnati, Cleveland, Detroit, Indianapolis, St.
Louis, Milwaukee, and Burlington, against
specific duties on books, &c.
Also, memorials of the board of aldermen
and board of councilmen of Cincinnati, Ohio,
for an appropriation to complete the Louisville
canal.
Also, petitions of N. H. Wood, in relation
to banking and tho currency ; and of the
Cigar-makers' Union of Columbus, Ohio, lor
repeal of the proviso to section eighty-seven
of the internal revenue act of July 20, 1868,
and for enforcement of the provisions of the
tariff of I860, as to imported cigars; and of
John Seys, minister resident at Liberia, &c.,
for arrears of pay, &e.
Also, the petition of Philip A. Smith and
papers accompanying, relative to a claim in
favor of Henry Smith, late of California, de-
ceased, for rents due from the Indian depart-
ment.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Ohio, relative to " American citizens in British
dungeons;" relative to the surrender of the
national road to the counties in Ohio through
which it passes, &c. ; ratifying the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; and requesting the aid of Congress
relative to the central water-lino of tho Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa
for the removal of the national capital.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Man 27, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BOREMAN. I present the petition of
Gilmore P. Sims and others, of West Virginia,
the securities of A. B. Woodcock, late post-
master at Piedmont, West Virginia, praying
to be relieved from the payment of $861 85,
balance due the Government from the post-
master. From the state of facts which they
present it would appear that they are entitlefl
in pquily to the relief asked for. I do not know
whether this petition should go to tho Commit
teij on Post Offices and Post Roads or to the
Committee on Claims. It is asking for the
payment of a balance found due against them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Generally, mat-
ters which are strictly postal matters go to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
It can be referred to the Committee on Claims,
however, as they would liavejurisdiction over it.
Mr. BOREMAN. I prefer the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
bo referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
John II. Perkins, of Grayson county, Virginia;
of Stephen Tipton, of Pulaski county, Virginia;
of James W. Ballard, of Grayson county, Vir-
ginia; and of William M. Beaton, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
lie also presented the petition of Isa Fugate
and others, of Scott county,Virginia, in behalf
of Wells Jones, of that county, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. ' I present resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania,-passed February
26, 1870, requesting Congress to legislate
against the obstruction of the Ohio river by
the erection of bridges over said river. I will
state that these resolutions have not been for-
warded in the usual mode, by a communica-
tion from the Executive of the State, owing to
the fact that a special committee was appointed,
in whose charge they were placed, and they have
never been put in the hands oi the_ Senators
from Pennsylvania until this timebythe special
committee. The subject upon which these
resolutions ask legislation having been acted
upon by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, who have reported Senate bill No.
250, in relation to bridges across the Ohio
river. I move that these resolutions be printed
and laid on the table; and in connection with
this subject I now desire to give notice of a
motion that Senate bill No. 250 be placed upon
tho Calendar of special orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be entered on the Calendar of resolutions, and
will go over until it is reached in its order, and
the resolutions of the Legislature will be laid
on the table and printed.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
William Fitch and others, asking that the
Court of Claims bo given jurisdiction oyer
certain claims growing out of the war; which
was referred to the Committeeon the Judiciary.
Mr. IiOWE presented resolutions of the
State board of assessors of Wisconsin, in favor
of an appropriation for the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented the petition of Jacob C.
How, who served as a private in company A
fifth regiment United States infantry, from the
month of July, 1831. until about the month of
July, 1835, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present a petition of
Judge Cartter and sixty-seven others, citizens
of Washington, praying that no corporation
officer or employe of the city of Washington
be allowed to serve as a member of the board
of registration or as commissioner of elections
in the city. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of citizens
of Litchfield, Connecticut, praying for the abo-
lition of the duties on tea and coffee, and a great
reduction of the duty now levied on sugar and
molasses; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CONIvLING presented the petition of
Henry Grossmayer, praying compensation for
certain cotton seized and sold by the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
new orleans branch mint.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Committee on Com-
merce have reported unanimously Senate reso-
lution No. 162, and I ask that it be now taken
up. It will take but a moment to dispose
of it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 162) to restore to
the city of New Orleans the property hereto-
fore occupied by tho United States as a branch
mint.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution with an amendment, to strike
out all after the resolving clause and insert:
That the Seoretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to remove or sell, at his discretion,
within one year from the passage of this resolution,
tho machinery and all the movable property belong-
ing to tho United States in and connected with the
building and grounds above described, and to release
such ground and building to the proper authorities
of said city of New Orleans.
The committee also reported the following
preamble to the joint resolution:
Whereas in pursuance of a resolution of the city
council of the city of New Orleans, themayor of that
city, on the 19th day of June, 183o, conveyed to the
United Statesalotof landfor the purpose of erecting
a branch mint thereon, which land is bounded on
Esplanade street, Barracks street, leveo street, and
the publio road; and whereas such deed of convey-
auce was made upon the condition that should it
hereafter be deemed necessary by the Government
oftheUnitedStatosto rcmovothemint contemplated
to be established, as aforesaid, or to cease to occupy
it fo<- such purposes, then the said act shall be null
and void;" and whereas the building since erected
by the United States is not occupied nor required tor
a branch mint: Therefore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the preamble.
The preamble was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
reports op committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of the trustees
of Albert G. Sloo, reported it with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1977) to supply a
deficiency in the appropriation for compensa-
tion and mileage of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from Territo-
ries for the fiscal year ending June 30, in the
year 1870, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) making an
appropriation to pay the Government of Groat
Britain and Ireland, in accordance with the
award of the commissioners appointed under
the treaty of July 1, 1863, to settle the claims
of the Hudson Bay Company and the Paget
Sound Agricultural Company, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
251) authorizing Surgeon George E. Cooper,
of the United Stales Army, to accept a gift
from the Government of France in acknowl-
edgment of services rendered, reported it with-
out amendment.
paraguayan investigation.
Mr. xVNTIIONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution to print additional copies of the report
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs relating
to the Paraguayan investigation, have directed
me to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage, and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
By unanimous consent, the House concur-
rent resolution was considered and agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That thero be
printed five thousand two hundred extra copies of
the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs re-
lating to the Paraguayan investigation, four thou-
sand of which shall be for tho use of the House and
twelve hundred for the use of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask unanimous consent to
take up and consider a bill which was reported
back by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
on the 7th of February last, and which it is
greatly to the interest of a road that is now
pushing westward should be taken up. It is
Senate bill No. 401, to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
States of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific
coast by the southern route," approved July
27, 1866.
Mir. RAMSEY. I desire to introduce a bill
of which no notice has been given.
