42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Bird.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
a distinguished Republican Senator [Mr. Ed-
munds] make the inquiry of the author of the
section of the bill under consideration, why
not send the military down there and compel
the Legislature to ratify the amendment? He
saw, as the country will see, that this bill
amounts to the same thing as to extort the
ratification from the members of that Legisla-
ture at the point of the bayonet and by the fear
of death. The ratification which it may lead
to will be no better or more binding than it
would be if obtained in the other and less dis-
reputable way.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that there can
be no doubt as to the fact that'the real object
of this bill is to compel the adoption of the
pending amendment; nor that if that object is
secured through its agency it will be by the
involuntary act of the people of Georgia, and
that the amendment so ratified will be of no
binding force whatever. In behalf of my own
State, which you seek to conclude and bind by
this amendment thus obtained, I protest against
it as a violation of the rights, not only of the
State of Georgia, but of every other State that
wishes to retain the constitutional right of reg-
ulating the elective franchise within its own
limits according to the provisions of its own
constitution and the wishes and interests of its
citizens.
But, sir, this bill not only seeks to coerce
Georgia into the ratification of the fifteenth
amendment, but it strangely enough enforces
that amendment upon her before it is adopted.
The sixth section of the bill is in the following
words:
And be it further enacted, That it is hereby declared
that the expulsion of any person or persons elected
as aforesaid, and being otherwise qualified, from par-
ticipation in the proceedings of said senate and house
of representatives upon the ground of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude would be illegal and
revolutionary, and is hereby prohibited."
That is the substance of the fifteenth amend-
ment, and Georgia is required to obey it before
it becomes a part of the Constitution. We are
told that to refuse to do so would bo illegal
and revolutionary. If this be true there are
many of the States in a state of revolution
and in great need of reconstruction. If Con-
gress can enforce this amendment in advance
of its adoption upon Georgia, why not upon
every other State, and why not exclude the
Representatives of every State that is guilty
of the illegal and revolutionary act of exclud-
ing negroes, Chinamen, and Indians from its
Legislature ?
Sir, we have witnessed many infractions of
the Constitution within the last few years, but
the passage of this bill will be the most alarm-
ing of all. It strikes at the very foundation of
freedom. It attacks the rights of all the States by
the pretended reconstruction of Georgia. When
you shall have obtained her ratification to your
amendment you propose to say to the States
of this Union opposed to it, ''Three fourths
of the States have willed that this amendment
be made to the Constitution of the nation, and
you must accept it as a part of the supreme lav/
ofthcland." Those States may answer, "Three
fourths of the States have not so willed. The
amendment has not been adopted and is not a
part of the law of the land," and they can safely
appeal to the courts and to the people upon
that question. Whatever they may think of the
amendment theyean never approve of the meas-
ures used to compel its adoption, and it is to
this point only that my remarks apply.
But, sir, I have no doubt that this bill will
pass. It is true that it is in conflict with your
former legislation ; that it violates your solemn
and oft-repeated pledges; that it overrides the
legitimate authority of a State Legislature; that
it dictates to the people of a State their local
laws; that it openly disregards the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; that it spurns from
the Halls of Congress the Representatives of a
State and tells them never to return until their
constituents have kissed the hand that smites
them, bound themselves with a chain never to
be broken, and performed the meanest oifice
of slaves by assisting to bind their brethren.
All this it does; but what of that? The polit-
ical situation is such that one of the cherished
objects of the Republican party will fail if it
does not pass : and when did that party ever
hesitate to accomplish its purposes on account
of constitutional restrictions or regard for the
rights of others? The bill will pass, but will
the country approve it? I cannot believe it
will.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN T. BIRD,
of new jeksey,
In the House op Representatives,
December 20, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 281) to promote the reconstruction
of the State of Georgia.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, the bill for the
second reconstruction of Georgia is now before
us for consideration. The first exclamation
of the thoughtful is, how often is Georgia to
be reconstructed? Is there no limit to this
work? Can States be admitted and rejected
at the will of the dominant party ? Or is there
no more skill, ability, or statesmanship with
those in authority than is exhibited by this
speedy return to a work which from its very
nature must be abhorrent to every sincere
legislator ?
This bill provides that the Governor of Geor-
gia shall forthwith summon all persons elected
to the General Assembly of said State to appear
at Atlanta, on a day to be fixed by him, to pro-
ceed to perfect the organization of said State,
in conformity to the Constitution and laws of
the United States and the provisions of said
bill. It is also provided that the exclusion of
any members of said Legislature on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude
shall be illegal, revolutionary, and is thereby
prohibited. The last clause is in these words:
"That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of the
United States before Senators and Representatives
from Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress."
Shall ratify! This is language of compulsion.
It sounds as though it were dictated from the
throne of atyrant. No free will, no exercise of
choice or judgment in all this! It is simply
saying to the people of Georgia, become slaves
and cowards, if you would enjoy any political
privileges under the governmeut we have estab-
lished. Let me ask my fellow- citizens of Geor-
gia what any political privileges are worth if
obtained at such a price ? What greater sur-
render can be made of all political right than
this now demanded of you? What will it be
worth to you to be represented in Congress if you
come not only humiliated but debased and
dishonored ? If you consent to this act, that
you yourselves own to be not only groveling but
base, under the lash of your dictators, can you
longer call yourselves free men ? Willyou yield
and again confide to those who have time and
again deceived you, and who at every fresh sub-
mission come with new and severer demands ?
First, it was the thirteenth amendment, then the
fourteenth, and now the absolute and uncon-
ditional acceptance of the infamous fifteenth.
If you are prepared for this I am persuaded
that nothing will be too heavy to be borne ; no
load of dishonor will be cast off.
But I am aware that Georgia is helpless. The
conqueror stands at the gates of her cities with
drawn swords, uttering in unmistakable sounds
words of vengeance. But the sorrowful reflec-
tions springing up in the American mind at this
deplorable conjuncture are greatly relieved by
the consideration underlying all, that whatever I
may be done by the sword, whatever it maybe
said Georgia has done ostensibly, it is not
really the work of the people of Georgia, and
therefore in law not binding upon them nor
upon the people of any other State or section.
All men know that the ratification of the pro-
posed fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States by the present Legislature
of Georgia will be the most untruthful repre-
sentation of, will indeed be the grossest perver-
sion of legislative authority to be found recorded
in the annals of all time. None are more fully
aware of this than that class of men called
Radicals. From the beginning of their recon-
struction schemes their ablest and most trusted
leaders have admitted, have declared these acts
to be without warrant in the Constitution; and
yet they now pride themselves in what they are
about to achieve. They boast and glory in the
opportunity presented to them of again im-
bruing their hands in the life-blood of a State.
Indeed, if we are to judge from the flourish
made on this floor, it seems the greater the
havoc committed by their onsets the greater
their glory. They act, as did many ancient
tyrants, as though the only laws for subjects
are those dictated in a spirit of hostility by
military chieftains, and al no stage in the prog-
ress of events is the voice of mercy to bo heard.
Verily mankind as a whole moves forward
slowly; advancing and retreating mark our
pathway.
It will be remembered by the people of this
country that Georgia has heretofore and since
the rebellion been admitted into the Union;
that she did at one time comply fully with all
the then proposed reconstruction laws of Con-
gress ; that the generals of the Army in that
department which included Georgia were sat-
isfied with her action and so gave notice to the
world ; that her Representatives were there-
upon admitted to seats upon this floor after
taking the oath required by Radical necessity;
and that they participated in the legislation
carried forward in this House for several
months without the slightest inquiry or impu-
tation. And remembering all these things the
people will ask in a temper demanding an une-
quivocal answer, why is not Georgia now in
the Union ? Why are her Representatives after
being solemnly admitted turned headlong out
of Congress? Why is she again remanded
back to military control and to the power of a
base and degraded man, such as Governor
Bullock is acknowledged to be ; a man whose
character cannot be defended by hismost ardent
friends; a man who was as rank a rebel under
Davis as he is now an obsequious and pliant
tool under the leadership of the Radicals ?
The only answer to which is that white mem-
bers of the Legislature of Georgia declared
that by the constitution of that State, just then
formed by the people under the laws of Con-
gress and the control of the Army, the colored
members were ineligible to office, and conse-
quently were not entitled to their seats in that
body. This is the offense for which that noble
member of the " old thirteen " is to be again
demolished. They simply judged of the quali-
fications of those who claimed a right to sit as
members, the exercise of a constitutional right
invoked in this Hall repeatedly at every session;
and yet the act is deemed a high offense to
Radicalism, the floodgates of wrath are opened
upon her, and she is made to suffer the humil-
iation of again passing under the yoke.
But the people will ask, they will know
whether or not this is indeed the real cause.
Then the answer which alone will satisfy the
thoughtful and candid will be suggested with-
out a doubt by the section from which I have
before fully quoted, requiring, compelling
Georgia to ratify the fifteenth amendment. It
is the consummation of this work of centraliz-
ation that animates and controls the majority
of this Congress. It is this step so far towards
