1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
friend of this air-line road. I have not the
least authority for saying that he wants his
name in the bill, but if anybody's name is to
be put in without his authority I suggest that
of ''Horace Greeley" of my district.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I have no objec-
tion to Horace. [Laughter.]
The question was put on inserting the name
of " Horace Greeley;" and it was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose?'
Mr. KELLEY. To ask you a question or
two for the sake of getting some light.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not believe you
need any, Judge. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not ob-
ject to putting in Mr. Greeley's name if I can
put in the name of a Democratic editor also.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not object
if I can put in the name of another editor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not time left to
yield any more.
Mi\ VOORHEES. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose?
Mr. VOORHEES. I want to move the
insertion of the name of a most excellent
gentleman in Indiana.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will with a great deal
of pleasure if you are in favor of the pro-
posed line.
Mr. VOORHEES. This gentleman is,
whether I am or not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. All right; I will hear
the name.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to insert the
name of Owen 'fuller, of Indiana.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me ? I want to suggest a name or two.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What does the gentle-
man want?
Mr. RANDALL. I want to suggest the
names of Thomas A. Scott, John Tucker, and
Franklin B. Gowen. They are all good men,
men of large railroad experience and capacity.
Mr. INGERSOLL. May be they have got
too much. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. I move to insert the names
of Henry Tyson and Hugh L. Bond, of Mary-
land, and Henry Hosmer, of Illinois, who I
am informed, and have no doubt, would be
favorable to the road.
Mr. KELSEY. Is all this by unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I object to any further
proceedings.
Mr. RANDALL. What became of my sug-
gestion? The gentlemen whose names 1 men-
tioned are not enemies of the road. This
proposed road crosses a road that they are con-
nected with, and it would be a great advan-
tage 
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps they would not
like to have it crossed. [Laughter.] I do not
know. Mr. Scott has got railroads enough
already. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. As this road must inevitably
touch my district, I ask the gentleman to yield
to allow me to ask him a question or two.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. For what purpose ?
Mr. KELLEY. For information.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not believe I have
time. I want the previous question this morn-
ing- . .
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. I move to insert the names
of Henry Tyson and Hugh L. Bond, of Mary-
land, and Henry Hosmer, of Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I again ask the gentleman
to yield to me.
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 126.
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose?
Mr. KELLEY. To ask a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield if it will
not take more than one minute.
Mr. KELLEY. I observe no names in this
bill from the tide-water counties of Pennsyl-
vania. I want to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee if he has learned whether Mr. Baker,
of Ohio, and Messrs. Phillips and Tracey, of
Illinois, have any special interest in building
this road, or are more likely to apply their cap-
ital and energy to it, or to build it faithfully
than such gentlemen as have been named who
live in the city of Philadelphia, and on the line
of the proposed road? I want to ask him why
it is that this work is to be confided to gentle-
men living thousands of miles away, while the
people whose interests are to be affected are
excluded from the bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not know that the
gentlemen to whom he refers have any more
capital, or a greater interest, or a greater de-
sire to build this road than the three or four
gentlemen of his State he has named.
Mr. KELLEY. I have named none.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Randall] named some, and the
gentleman referred to them. If the gentleman
desires any one from the city of Philadelphia,
who is a man of business and capaital, one
that he believes would add to the certainty of
the completion of this road, then name him.
Mr. KELLEY. If this be an honest trans-
action I would renominate the men my col-
league [Mr. Randall] has named, with the
assurance that they will bring capital, great
enterprise, and large railroad experience.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I will compromise with
the gentlemen.
Mr. RANDALL. My motion was made in
good faith.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand it to be
made in good faith ; there is no question about
the faith. I will compromise on this matter.
I am willing the gentleman [Mr. Kelley] shall
name any one of the three or four named by
his colleague [Mr. Randall.] He certainly
does not want to put in three or four ; let him
name one.
Mr. RANDALL. I am disinterested.
Mr. KELLEY. The city of Philadelphia has
a population of over eight hundred thousand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am quite familiar with
the statistics of Philadelphia, [laughter,] and
do not need that information.
Mr. RANDALL. I will name Franklin B.
Gowen.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let him be admitted.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The name will bo inserted
if there bo no objection.
No objection was made, and the name was
inserted accordingly.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to move an amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will hear it first.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to move to amend
the second section by striking out the words
"election of the first board of directors," and
inserting the words " passage of this act."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot
be received and acted on except by unanimous
consent as there are two amendments pending
to the bill. All this has been by unanimous
consent.
No objection was made, and the amendment
moved by Mr. Paine was agreed to.
Mr. PLATT. Will the gentleman allow me
to move a name to be inserted in this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
have inserted the name of E. G. Brown, of
Elizabeth, New Jersey.
No objection was made, and the name was
accordingly inserted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 62, n®es 53.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. NIBLACK called for tellers on second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Potter and
Mr. Ln'geksoll were appointed.
The House again dividedand :the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 04, noes 55.
So the previous question, was seepndesd.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask consent,of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and unanimous consent
of the House, to move an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think the
amendment is friendly to this enterprise, and
I must object to it.
The first question was upon the following
amendments moved by Mr. LouGHRIDGE:
After the word " act" in lino seventeen of section
three insert the following:
And shall be kept open at least twenty days; and
if at the expiration of the twenty day3 morcthan tbo
amount of $10,000,000 is subscribed tlw excess-shall
be deducted from the largest subscriptions in such
manner as to equalize the subscriptions as far as suoh
deduction will allow.
Add to section seven the following:
And either party may appeal from the award thus
made to the district court of the United States of the
district, or to the supreme court of the Bistrict'of
Columbia, as the case may be, such appeal to be taken
within twenty days of the finding of the-award, and
to be taken by the service of notice on the opposite
party. But such appeal shall not prevent the com-
pany from entering upon the property in contro-
versy, provided the amount of the award is deposited
with tho clerk of the court for the owner of the
property.
At the end of the bill add the following: -
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That Congress
may at any time change, alter, or amend this" act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for a division of
the question on these amendments. I have no
objection to the first two of the amendments,
but. I object to the proposed additional section.
Thequestion was then takenupon the amend-
ments proposed to sections three and seven;
and they were agreed to.
The question was upon adding the following
to the bill:
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time change, alter, or amend this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL.. I ask'that the amend-
ment I have offered may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Congress shall have the rightto make all rules and
regulations for tho operation and management of
said road necessary to secure its greatest efficiency as
an instrument of commerce and to secure the safety
of its passengers and of the public, and to reduce the
rates of fare and freight whenever the same shall be
necessary for the purposes aforesaid.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. In order that both sides
may be treated fairly I desire to say that the
amendment offered by me, as the representa-
tive of the Committee on Railways and Canals,
seems to accomplish all that could be desired
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Lough-
eidge,] and, to say the least, it is less objection-
able in form than his amendment. I therefore
ask the House to reject his amendment and
adopt mine.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Lottghridge ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 75, noes 37.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the yeas and
nays on this question. All those who desire
the road never to be built will vote for this
amendment; and I believe it was offered for
that purpose.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-one in
the affirmative, not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers, on
ordering the yeas and nays. - .
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were thirty-five in -the atnrm-
at The SPEAKER. The affirmative®^ enough
to order the ypas and nays, and they will be
considered as ordered, if there be no objection.
