i87a
Tm> CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2945
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be passed over.
LOW5SW)THOMAS, JR., AND HBNUY K. THOMAS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the relief
of Lorenzo Thomas, jr.. and Henry E. Thomas.
Afr WILLIAMS. That had better go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think so.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two Senators
desire that the joint resolution be passed over ;
and it will be passed over.
C. E. KOGKllS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 123) for the relief of
U. E. Rogers; which was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Postmaster General in settling
the accounts of C. E. Rogers, postmaster at
Carver, Minnesota, to allow him a sum not
exceeding $268 98, as indemnification for a
like amount belonging to the post-office fund,
and stolen from him on the 29th of October,
1869, if it shall satisfactorily appear to the Post-
master General that Rogers was guilty of no
negligence in the custody of the money and
postage stamps stolen.
Mr. RAMSEY. This joint resolution was
thoroughly examined by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and I hope it will be
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it for?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is for money stolen.
I should like to hear some explanation of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there is a report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the report be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
does not show that there is any report accom-
panying it. There are papers, but no report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have a
statement, that we may know what it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. The postmaster of a small
town on the Minnesota river, in the State of
Minnesota, was robbed in the month of Octo-
ber, I think it was, of last year. The robbers
broke into his house. He had a box contain-
ing the postage stamps and postal money to
the amount of $260, and the box was stolen.
The case was examined by all the tests that
we could bring to bear in the examination of
such questions, and was foand to be correct,
as we believed, and we so reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have thirty or forty
clerks here, and I think they onght to be pre-
pared to write a report on a case of this kind.
One or two very meritorious claims have been
passed over because there was no report accom-
panying them.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was under the impression
that there was a report. The facts acre as I
have stated them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The application
and affidavit of the person for whose relief this
joint resolution is proposed, and a letter from
the Post Office Department, appear to be the
papers on file.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt about the
correctness of the amount. We examined it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the committee have
examined the facts and are satisfied that the
man was actually robbed, I suppose the reso-
lution might as well pass. It is a mere ques-
tion of evidence.
Mr. RAMSEY. We had the statement of
prominent citizens there who knew all the facts
that the chest was Stolen from the room where
the postmaster was sleeping with it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator whether
any other property Was stolen at the same time,
or whether this was the only property?
Mr. RAMSEY. This was the only prop-
erty. It was contained in this little box, and
I presume it was known to the parties who
stole it that the postmaster was in the habit of
keeping the money he collected in this box.
He had it sear his bed. It was a windy night,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 185.
and the doors and windows were slamming)
and he did not hear any one. The box was
gone in the morning, and was subsequently
' found under a bridge two or three miles, from 1
' the town. His own affidavit and also the affi-
davit of a clerk, will be found among the
papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the affidavit
of the postmaster read, so that we may see
what case he makes for himself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If not objected
to, the joint resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the affidavit of the
postmaster himself be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are sev-
eral affidavits. The first one will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
0. E. Rogers, postmaster at Carver, Minnesota,
being duly sworn, deposes and says: that on the
evening; of Octobcr 28,1869, ho took tho money from
the drawer belonging to tho monoy-order business,
and that there was $178 93, which he put into tho
money box which was stolen from his room on tho .
morning of October 29,1809. Ho also deposes and !
says that to the best of his belief there was ninety dol-
lars in postago stamps in the box at the timo it was
stolen,S46 43 of which have been recovered. Ho fur- ;
ther deposes and says tbat immediately alter depos-
iting said money in said box, he locked tho box and
pat the key in his pockct. Farther proof of the box
having been looked, it being badly broken in open-
lie also swears that he was at home during tho
entire evening of October 28,1869, and that no one
visited tho room during that ovoning.
C. E. ROGERS,
Postmaster at Career, Minnesota.
j Stats OP MtNNtsOTA, County of Carver, si. :
Be it known that on this 13th day of Jannary, 18%,
C. E. Rogers, postmaster at Carver, to me known to
be the person who made oath to the above affidavit,
and states that it is trne in every particular, as sworn
and subscribed to before me.
CHARLES JOHNSON,
Justice of the Peace.
Mr.,WILLIAMS. Is that all there is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is another
! affidavit.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
George Schildmeir, deputy postmaster at Carver,
Minnesota, being duly sworn deposes and says: that
as deputy postmaster he has had access to themoney
and stamps belonging to tho post office, and that on
the evening of October 28, he saw tho postmaster, C.
E. Rogers, take the money from the drawer belong-
in* to the "money-order business " and put it into
the money box, lock the box. and take it to his room.
He further swears that there was a largo amount
■ of stamps, whieh he believes might amount to ninety
dollars. Does not know the exaotamonnt. He also
, swears that it bos always been the custom of the
postmaster to take the money from the drawer, put
! it into the box. and take it to his room. Does not
I believe that valuables have over been left in tho post
office daring the night.
GEORGE SCHILDMEIER.
•Deputy Postmaster.
Sworn to and subscribed to before me, this 13th i
day of January, 1870.
CHARLES JOHNSON,
Justice of the Peace. \
H. R. Benny, being duly sworn, deposes and says;
tbat he is well acquainted with C. E. Rogers, post-
master at Carver, Minnesota; and that said C. E.
Rogers has on several occasions placed money be-
longing to the "money-order business"in his safe
during tho night for safe-keeping. Ho believes that
this has been his (the postmaster's) practice when ;
the amonnt on hand was large, if it exceeded two
! hundred and fifty or three hundred dollars; some-
{ times even smaller amounts.
i He also swears that he believes that said C. E.
1 Rogers has always been careful to keep the money
in his bands in a secure place. _ - '
H. R. DENNY.
Sworn and subscribed to beforo me, this 13th day
of Jannary, 1867.
CHARLES JOHNSON,
Justice of the Peace.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There-is also a
letter detailing the case more at leDgth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me hear the letter
from the Postmaster General. Let me see if
the Postmaster General recommends it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Post Omen Department,
Office of the Thibd Assistant
Posthastes General,
Washington, D. C., January 28,1870. i
Sib: By direction of the Postmaster General I :
have the honor to return herewith the papers relat- ,
inp to the olaim of C. E. Rogers, postmaster at Carver.
Minnesota, for an allowance for postage stamps and
money stolen from him on October 29, 1869, and to
inform you that no claim forercdit for postage stums
has over boon made to this offieo; if made it would
not have boon allowed, for, under a decision of tho
Attorney General, a postmaster cannot get rid of bis
responsibility for stamps or money which have been
stolen, by showing a theft or accidental loss.
The claim for money stolen was refused for same
reason.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
. W. II. H. TERRELL,
Third Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. Alexander Ramsey, Chairman Committee on
Post Office and Post lloads, United States Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are papers certifying
to tho fact of the robbery as being generally
known in the town.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a let-
ter from the postmaster stating that the box
has been recovered, and tho large stamps,
amounting to $1G 48, found.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have that
letter read. .
The Secretary read as follows:
Carver, Minnesota, December 27,1869.
Sin: Ihavo had tho goodfortuno to rocover tho
box stolen from this oflico on tho morning of October
29. It was found by little boys under a bridge between
! hero and Casca. It contained $40 43 in large stamps.
No clue to tho guilty parties, nor is there any reason
to suppose we shall bo able to discover them.
Hoping you will assist mo, if possible, I am, very
respectfully,
C. E. ROGERS.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest that this case should
go over and there should be an affidavit detail-
ing all about the loss.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think tho measure ought
to be recommitted.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution does not appropriate the whole amount;
, it only appropriates whatever amount may be
found to have been lost.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be recom-
mitted and carefully investigated. I move that
the joint resolution be recommitted to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
THE ULLMAN BRIGADE.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (8. R. No. 90) for the relief
of certain officers of volunteers.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that in
every case in which a commissioned officer or
enlisted man was detached from his regiment
in pursuance of orders from the War Depart-
ment, and directed to report to Brigadier Gen-
eral Daniel Ullman, in New York city, with a
view to being mustered as a commissioned offi-
cer in the brigade which General Ullman was
; authorized by the War Department to raise,
i and who actually reported in New York with-
! out neglect or delay on his part, and under
I orders from his superior officers entered on
duty as a commissioned officer, and was after-
ward actually mustered, but by reason of cap-
i ture by the enemy, or other canse beyond his
' control, and withoutfault or neglect of his own,
i was not mustered within a period of not less
; than thirty days, the pay department shall
allow to him full pay and emoluments for the
rank in which he served, from the date on
, which he received the orders of the War De-
partment, deducting therefrom all pay actually
received for such period; and in case of the
death of any such commissioned officer or
enlisted man prior to or after muster, or after
honorable disoharge, his heirs or legal repre-
sentatives are to be entitled to the pay and
allowances of the rank in which such commis-
j sioned officer or enlisted man actually served,
\ deducting all pay and allowances received by
; him or them for such period.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
strike out from line twelve to line eighteen the
following words:
Capture by the enemy or other cause beyond his
control, and without fault or neglect of his own was
not mustered within a period of not lass than thirty
