1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3889
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
natureyof an objection at the present time.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 946) to promote the cultivation of the
public lands; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
947) for the improvement of water communi-
cation between the Mississippi river and Lake
Michigan by the Wisconsin and Fox rivers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 948) amendatory of an approved '
February 5, 1867; andjointresolutionapproved
March 29, 18G7, relative to judges and com-,
missioners of elections in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 949)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river at Little Rock, Arkansas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 950) for the relief of inhabitants of cities
and towns in the Territories of New Mexico,
Arizona, and Utah ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
order op business.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 892.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri [Mr. Drake] has asked unanimous
consent to take up a bill, but had to yield to
the morning business, as Senators insisted on
presenting it. If there are no further, bills to
be introduced, Senate resolutions are in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice the day
before yesterday that I should this morning
make some remarks on a resolution offered by
me on that occasion. I should like to inquire
of the Chair if he considers that the under-
standing last night to bring up and proceed to
a vote on the appropriation bill at one o'clock
is binding at that hour upon the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
from an examination of the Globe when the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] was in
the chair at the close of yesterday's session,
that that is binding. The appropriation bill
will come up as unfinished business, and also
by unanimous consent under limited debate
with regard to the remainder of the amend-
ments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to inter-
fere with an understanding of the Senate, and
as my remarks will occupy, perhaps, a longer
time than would intervene between this and one
o'clock, I give notice that I shall ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to-morrow morning to
submit the remarks which I had intended to
make this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan gave notice a day or two since
of a desire to occupy the morning hour to-day
after the morning business. He now gives
notice that he will endeavor to obtain the floor
to-morrow morning for the purpose named.
The morning business having been concluded,
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that by the order adopted last evening, by unan-
41sx Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 244.
imous consent, the appropriation bill will be
resumed at one o'clock. It so states dis-
tinctly. This is the language of the Presiding
Officer:
"The Senator from Wisconsin proposes that to-
morrow atone o'clock the Senate commence to vote
on the pending amendments, and that each Senator
have five minutes, if he chooses, to discuss each
amendment. Is there any objection to that prop-
osition ?
" Several Sexatohs. No.no; that is right.
" The Presidixq Officer. The Chair hears no
objection. It is agreed to."
The only exception was, that the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was to have ten min-
utes on the amendment in regard to the exten-
sion of the Capitol grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish
to interfere with the general understanding;
but my understanding of it was that we should
commence voting at one o'clock, but that the
bill would be open to discussion from the
conclusion of the morning business until one
o'clock, when all gentlemen might be present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe 1 had the floor
at the time of adjournment, and I wish to sub-
mit some remarks in regard to the pending
amendment. I understood the agreement just
as the Senator from Maine does; but if there
is any misunderstanding about it, I would rather
forego any observations that I wish to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will call up the unfinished
business at this time.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Maine whether he would not be willing to
allow me a few minutes to have this bill con-
sidered? I will state the reason for it, and if
that does not commend it to the judgment of
the Senator I will then withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
allow me lo make a suggestion to him? There
are other Senators all around me making sim-
ilar requests. Now I suggest to the Senator,
as the balance of the day and the night session
is to be devoted to this sortof business, whether
we really should not facilitate matters by pro-
ceeding with the appropriation bill at the pres-
ent moment?
Mr. DRAKE. Of course I do not wish to
be considered as in any way interfering with
the progress of the appropriation bill. I wish,
however, theindnlgenee ofthe Senateatasearly
a moment as practicable, to get this little bill
considered, which, though very short and favor-
ably reported upon, is very important to the
interests of this road. I will therefore state
that when we come to the session to-night, or
after the appropriation bill is passed, if we have
time, I shall make an effort to get it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that to-day and to-morrow were assigned,
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] for District business, and that busi-
ness is only interrupted by the appropriation
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. It will not take five minutes,
I am sure, to pass this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The appropriation bill
does not come up until one o'clock.
Mr. DRAKE. But there seems to be a dif-
ference as to the understanding on that subject.
ADJOURNMENT OVE.lt MONDAY.
Mr. SAWYER. If it is in order to make a
motion at this time, I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Tues-
day next at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order; but the Senator from Maine, who had
Saturday assigned to District business, has just
left the Chamber.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it would
be right to act on the motion in his absence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To-day and to-
morrow have been assigned fot District busi-
ness; but probably the greater portion of to-day
will be occupied with the appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
motion that when the Senate adjourns this week
it adjourn over Monday. I think we ought to
do that. That motion can be made at any
time, and I presume there will be no objection
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has now returned. The
motion of the Senator from South Carolina is
in order.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I renew the motion 
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Tuesday next at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
already stated that to-day and to-morrow have
been assigned for District business, on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it quite probable
that Monday will be a holiday with us. I do
not know that it will or will not; but I sup-
pose it will be. That will be, it seems to me,
an additional reason why we should sit to-
morrow. The Senate has already kindly as-
signed to the District Committee two days,
to-day and to-morrow. There are a great many
important bills connected with this District
which I think may be disposed of after the
appropriation bill shall be out of our way, to-
day and to-morrow; and I implore the Senate
to give me these two days. 1 do hope that
they will not adjourn over Saturday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to suggest
to the Senator to move, and if he will not I
will move it myself, to amend the motion of
the Senator from South Carolina, so as to pro-
vide that when the Senate adjourns to-morrow,
or at the end of the week, it adjourn over till
Tuesday. I think Monday ought to be ob-
served.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina, however, has moved that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. SAWYER. I accept the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HAMLIN. I interpose no objection to
the motion in that form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to entertaining the motion that
when the Senate adjourns this week it adjourn
to meet on Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it the settled understand-
ing of the Chair and the Senate that the ap-
propriation bill is entitled to be taken up now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] states that he so
understood the agreement; and if there be no
objection the unfinished business will now be
taken up.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to interfere
with the appropriation bill, but I hope the
Senate will give me an opportunity to dispose
of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding was
that we would commence at one o'clock with
the appropriation bill, with five-minutes debate,
and go on with that bill. That, I think, was
the understanding of the Senate last night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 shall make no
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I ask that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 401.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair read
the text of the agreement, which was as the
Senator from Illinois has stated, that the appro-
priation bill should be proceeded with at one
o'clock to-day.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask unanimous consent to
allow Senate bill No. 401 to be taken up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to look at
that bill a little before it is taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it about?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It involves a railroad
controversy with several railroads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As it is very
evident that we shall consume this half hoiu'
ori a controversy about special bills, I submit
whether by general consent yre cau&Ot go on
now with the appropriation bill.
