2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
No objection was made; and the yeas and
nays were ordered accordingly.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirmative—yeas 99, nays 57, not voting
G4 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Booker,
Bowen, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It.
Butler, Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Conger, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickinson, Donley. Dox, El_a, Lldridge,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Gets;, Gilfillan, Gris-
wold, Haight. Hale, Ilambleton, Hamill, Hawkins,
Hays, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Johnson, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kerr. ICeteham, Knott, Laflin, Loughridgo,
Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Myers,
Niblaek, O'Neill. Orth, Packard. Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Phelps, Poland, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, William Smyth, Stevens, Stiles, Stone,
Scoughton, Strader, Swann, Tanner. Townsend,
Trimble, Twiohell, Upson, Van Auken, Yan Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, At-
wood, Ayer, Beatty, Blair, Boyd, Buck, Burchard,
Cake, Churchill. Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Dockery, Duval, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Iloaton, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd.Kelsoy, lvnapp,
Marshall, Maynard, McGrew, McKee, Morphis,
Samuel P. Morrill, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Pomeroy,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyor, Schonek, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Tillman.VanHorn, VanTrump, Voorhees, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams, and Winans—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Banks, Bennett, Benton, Bingliam, Boles,
Burdott, Calkin, Cessna, Covode, Cowles, Cox,
Crebs, Davis, Dickey, Dixon, Dyer, Fox, Gibson,
Haldeman, Hamilton, ffefiin, Iloge, Hooper, llotch-
kiss, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Lynch, McCarthy, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim
H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Mor-
rissey, Negley, Porter, Prosser, Schumaker, Sco-
lield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shcrrod, Sloeurn, Joseph
S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Strick-
land, Strong, Sweeney, Taffo, Tyner, Ward, Wel-
ker, Wilkinson, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—04.
So the amendment of Mr. Lougiiiudge was
agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. VAN THUMP. In view of flie consti-
tutional objection to this bill I vote "no."
Mr. VOORHEES. Under the compulsion
of principle I vote " no."
The result was announced as above stated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The question now recurs upon the amendment
ottered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingeusoll.]
The amendment was read as follows :
Add at tho end of the bill the following:
Congress shall havo the right to make all rules and
regulations for the operation and management of
said road necessary to sccure its greatest efficiency
as an instrument of commerce, and to secure the
safety of its passengers and of tho public, and to re-
duce the rates of fare and ireight whenever the same
shall be necessary for the purposes aforesaid.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tho reading
of the engrossed bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and on that
motion [ call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the rule is absolute, that
when at this stage the reading of the engrossed
bill is called for and the bill is not engrossed
it goes, ipso facto, to the Speaker's table, and
no parliamentary tactics can prevent it from
doing so.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pending the
call fertile readingof theengrossed bill the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] moves
to reconsider the vote by which the House has
ordered the bill to be engrossed and read the
third time; and on that motion he calls for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. NIBLACK. That does not obviate the
difficulty. I insist on nay point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The question is
on ordering the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 103, not voting
TO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Axtell, Ayer, Biggs,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cleveland, Dickinson, Dox, Eld-
ridge, Fitch, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Ilambleton,
Ilathill, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Kerr, Laflin, Mar-
shall, Mayham, Maynard, MeCormiok, McKee, Mun-
gen. Niblack, Poland, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Ridgway, Rogers, Sherrod, Stiles, Stone,
Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Trimble, Van Auken,
VanTrump, Voorhees. William B.Washburn, Eugene
M. Wilson, and Wood—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bird,
Blair, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks. Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton,Burchard, Burdctt.Cake,Church-
ill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Ooburn,
Conger, Cullom, Doekery, Donley, Ela. Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hawley, Hays, Heaton, lleflin, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, 0 udd, J ulian,
Kelley,Kellogg,Kelsey,Knapp,Loughridge, McCar-
thy, McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie, Jesse H.Moore,
William Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth,Packard, Packer, Paine, Perce, Phelps, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Rice, Roots. Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith.William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stokes, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend,Twiohell, Tyner, Upson,Ward,Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Winans—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Banks, Beck, Bennett, Benton.Bingham, Boles,
Booker, Bowen, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Cook, Covode, Cowlcs, Cox, Crebs, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Fox, Garfield,
Gibson, Gilfillan, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Hay,
Hoar, Iloge, Ilotchkiss, Thomas L.Jones, Ketcham,
Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, McNeely,
Morcur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Ncgley, Palmer,
Peters, Porter, Prosser, Schumaker, Slocum, Joseph
S.Smith. Starkweather, Sweeney, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Wells, Wilkinson, Winchester, Witeher, and
W oodward—70,
So the motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
During tho roll-call the following proceed-
ings occured:
Mr. INGERSOLL. If there be no objec-
tion, I propose to withdraw the motion to
reconsider, and let the bill go over till to-mor-
row.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe the previous
question has been seconded and the main
question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question was exhausted upon the last vote
taken. The gentleman from Illinois moved to
reconsider that vote. The House has ordered
the yeas and nays upon that question, and the
roll-call has commenced. The gentleman from
Illinois asks unanimous consent to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
The call of the roll was resumed, and con-
cluded, with the result above stated.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
sale of cadetsiiips.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I wish to submit a report from the
Committee on Military Affairs in reference to
the sale of cadetships.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does that take me off the
floor and prevent me moving to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) The gentleman from Ohio ris-
ing to a privileged question—that is, to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order—and the gen-
tleman from Michigan rising to a question of
privilege, the latter takes the precedence.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to submit the
report which I send to the Clerk's desk. I
ask that the report be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Military Affairs, who wore au-
thorized by the resolutions of tho House of Repre-
sentatives of the 4th day of February, 1870, and March
1, ISfO, to inquire into thealloged sale of appoint-
mentsto the Military and Naval Academies bymem-
bers of this Congress, respectfully submit the follow-
ing report:
The committee have taken the testimony of a num-
ber of witnesses in the case of Mr. Roderick R. But-
ler, a member of this House fromthefirstdistrict of
Tennessee, which testimony, together with the state-
ment of Mr. Butler in his own defense, is herewith
submitted.
The committee havo carefully considered the evi-
dence, and, although there is some apparent conflict,
have arrived at the following conclusions:
1. That on the 27th day of February, 1809, the said
Roderick R. Butler recommended the appoint-
ment of Augustus C. Tyler, son of General Daniel
Tyler, late of the United States Army, as a cadet at
West Point Military Academy.
2. That said Augustus C. Tyler was not a resident
of the first congressional district of Tennessee.
,1. That after said appointment was made an agent
or attorney of General Tyler gave to Mr. Butler tho
sum of $900, which said Butler received with tho
avowed intention of using the same for political
purposes in the State of Tennessee.
The committee are of the opinion that the conduct
of the said Roderick R. Butler, in appointing a
non-resident of his district, and in subsequently
accepting money from General Tyler, deserves tho
condemnation of this House. The undersigned,
members of the committee, recommend the adop-
tion of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House declares its condemna-
tion of the action of Hon. Roderick R. Butler, a
Representative from the first district of Tennessee,
in nominating Augustus C. Tyler, who was not an
actual resident of his district, as a cadet at the Mili-
taiy Academy at West Point, and in subsequently
receiving money from the father of said cadet for
political purposes in Tennessee, as an unauthorized
and dangerous practice.
WILLIAM L. STOUGHTON,
JAMES S. NEGLEY,
JASPER PACKARD,
J. F. ASPER.
The undersigned members of the committee rec-
ommend the adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That Roderick R. Butler, a Repre-
sentative in Congress from the first congressional
district of Tennessee, be, and. ho is hereby, expelled
from his soat as a member of this House.
JOHN A. LOGAN,
AMASA COBB.
GEORGE W. MORGAN,
II. W. SLOCUM.
The report and accompanying testimony were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I give notice that I
shall call up that report to-morrow.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope it will be post-
poned to a later day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can be
called up at any time.
state bonds held in trust.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back Senate bill
No. 441, prescribing the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury in certain cases therein named,
with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that
whenever any State shall have been or may
be in default in the payment of interest or
principal on investments in its stocks or bonds
held by the United States in trust, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
retain the whole, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, of any moneys due on any ac-
count from the United States to such State,
and to apply the same to the payment of such
principal and interest, or either, or to the re-
imbursement, withinterest thereon, of moneys
advanced by the United States on account of
interest due on such stocks or bonds.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out in line thrpe tho words "its stocks
or bonds" and insert in lieu thereof " stocks or
bonds issued or guarantied by said State, and."
The question was on agreeingto the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if this bill
has been printed? If it has not been printed
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will not
press it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not hear the gentle-
man's question distinctly, but it will probably
be answered by a brief explanation which I
now propose to give. I hold in my hand a let-
ter addressed by a former Secretary of the
Interior (Mr. Browning) to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance of the Senate, asking
! that this bill be passed. I have also a letter
i addressed to the same committee by the pres-
\ entSecretary ofthelnterior, (Mr. Cox,) making
. the like request. And I have a letter from
