4884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the amend-
ment be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 2"2d
instant, proposals of the international Steam-
ship Company for constructing and placing
iron steamships in transatlantic service ; which
was referred to the Committee oil Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate ol the
1st instant, information relative to the alleged
occupation of private property situate within
the Fort Barancas military reservation ; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lt.oyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 489) to organize the marine hospital
service, and to provide for the relief ot sick
and disabled seamen, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
MARINE HOSPITAL SERVICH.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill of the
Senate has been returned from the House of
Representatives, with an amendment changing
the time of its taking effect from April, 1870,
to August, 1870. The Secretary will report
the title of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 489) to
reorganize the marine hospital service, and to
provide for the relief of sick and disabled sea-
men.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the House of Representatives merely changes
the time for the act taking effect from April to
August of this year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. CONKLING-. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York demands the regular order;
and the bill (H. R. No. 2201) to amend the nat
uralization laws, and to punish crimes against
the same, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole. The amendment in the nature
of a substitute reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the sub-
stitute.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to know what bill
the Secretary is reading ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER," (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator desire
the original bill to be read? The Secretary,
according to custom, was reading the substi-
tute proposed by the committee, and not the
original bill. Does the Senator desire the
orignal bill to be read ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; as it appears
in the printed documents on our desks. 1
wish the Senate to notice the contrast dis-
tinctly between the House bill and the sub-
stitute reported. , .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
bill will be read, and also the substitute re-
ported by the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
The original bill was read, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United /State* of Amcrica ir> Congress as h*m-
t/'ed. That in all cases where any oath, affirmation,
or affidavit shall be made or taken under or by vir-
tue of any act or law relating to the naturalization
ot aliens, or in any proceedings under such acts or
laws, and any person or persons taking or making
such oath, aliinnation, or affidavit, shall knowingly
swear or athrm falsely, the same shall be deemed
and taken to bepeijury, and the person or persons
«-uilty thereof shall, upon conviction thereof, bo sen-
tenced to imprisonment for a term not exceedingfive
years and not leas than one year, and to a fine not
exceeding $1,000. , ,n, L
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted t That if any person
applying to be admitted a, citizen, orappcariug as a
witness for any such person, shall knowingly person-
ate any other peisoii than him&eli, or talsely appear
iu the name of a deceased peison, or in an assumed
or fictitious name, or if any person shall falsely
make, forge, or counterfeit any oath, alhrmation,
notice, affidavit, certificate, order, record, signature,
or other instrument, paper, or proceeding requued
or authorized by any law or act. relatiug to or pro-
viding for the naturalization ot aliens; or snail alter,
soil, dispose ol, or use as true or genuine, or for any
unlawful purpose, any false, forged, antedated, or
counlcifoitoath, affirmation, notice, certificate, or-
der, lecord, signature, instrument, paper, or pro-
ceeding as aforesaid; or sell or dispose ot to any per-
son other than the person forwhomit was originally
is>ued, any certificate of citizenship, or cetuiicaie
showing any person to be admitted a. citizen; or if
any person shall in any manner use for the purpose
of registering as a voter, or as evidenco of a right to
vote, 01 otherwise, unlawfully, any order, certificate
of citizenship, or ceitificale, judgment, or exempli-
fication showing such person to be admitted to be a
citizen, whether heietoloie 01 hereatrei issued or
made,knowing that such order, or certificate, judg-
ment, or exemplification has boon unlawfully issued
or made; or il any personshall unlawiully use, or at-
tempt to use, any such order or certificate, issued to or
in ttie name of any other person, or in a fictitious
name, or the name of a deceased person ; or use, or
attempt to use, or aid, or assist, 01 participate in the
use ot any ceitiiicate ot citizenship, knowing the
same to bo forged, or counterfeit, or antedated, or
knowing the same to have been procured by fraud,
or otheiwise unlawfully obtained; or if any person,
and without lawiul excuse, shall knowingly have or
be possessed ot any laise, forged, antedated, or couit-
terteit eertiUoate ot ciuzensuip puiportuig to liavo
been ls-ued under the provisions oi any law ot tne
United States relating to naturalization, knowing
suoliceitihcato to be ialsc, forged, antedated, or coun-
terfeit, with intent unlawiully to us>e the same; or
it any person shall obtain, accept, or receive any
certificate ot citizenship known to such person to
have been procured by fraud, or by die use ol any
false name, or by means of any false statement made
with intent to procure, or to aid 111 procuring, the
issue ot such ccriilicatc, or known to such person to
be fraudulently aftercd or antedated; ont auypur-
«on who has been or may be admitted to be a citizen
shall, 011 oath or animation, or by affidavit, know-
ingly deny that he has been so admitted, with intent
to evade or avoid auy duty or liability imposed or
required by law, every person so oliending shall be
deemed and adjudged guilty ol leiony, and, on con-
viction thereof shall be sentenced to be imprisoned
and kept at hard labor for a period not less than one
year nor more than five years, or be fined in a sum
not less than ^300 uor more than &1.UU0; or bothsuch
punishments may be imposed, 111 the discretionof the
court. And every person who shall knowingly and
intentionally aid or abet any person 111 the commis-
sion ot any such ielony, or attempt to do any act
hereby made leiony, or counsel, advise, or procure,
or attempt to proeuie the commission thereof, shall
be liable to indictment mid punishment in thesamo
mannor and to tlie same extent as the principal party
guilty of such felony; and such person may be tried
and convicted thereot without the previous convic-
tion oi such principal.
Sicc 3. And be it Jartlur enacted. That any person
who th.ill knowingly use any certificate ot natural-
ization heretofore granted by any court, 01 winch
shall hereaiter be gi anted, which has been, or shall
be procured through fraud or by false evidence, or
has been or shall be issued by the clerk, or any other
olhcer of the court without any appearance and
hearing of the applioautin court, and without Jawtul
authority; and any person who shall falsely repre-
sent himselt to bo a citizen ot the United States,
I without having been duly admitted to citizenship,
' for any fraudulent purpose whatever, shall bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, arid upon conviction
thereof m due course of law shall bo sentenced to
i pay a fine ot not exceeding fcl.UUO, or bo imprisoned
' not cxcccdmg two yeats, either or both, 111 the dis-
cretion of the court taking cognizance of the same.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions ot this act shall apply to ail proceedings had or
taken, or attempted to be had or taken, before any
couii in which any proceeding lor naturalization
shall be commenced, had, or taken, or attempted to
be commenced; and tne courts of the United States
shall have jurisdiction of all offenses undei the piu-
visions of this act, in or before whatsoever coait or
tribunal the same shall ha\ 0 been committed.
The Committee 011 the Judiciary reported
an amendment to strike oat all of' the bill after
the enacting clause and to insert;
That the declaration of intention to become a citi-
zen of the United States, the renunciation of alle-
giance, the oath or affirmation to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, and all oiUerproceedmgs
that now are or that hcvealier may bo required to
enable an alien to become a citizen of the United
States, shall be made, taken, and had before the
judges of the respective circuit and district courts
of the United States, the courts of the terntoriai dis-
tricts of the United States the highest court 01 the
District ot Columbia having common-law jurisdic-
tion, or before the rcgisieis in bankruptcy now or
hereafter to be appointed, wno shaii bcec oflicio com-
missioners of naturalization, and shall be duly swor n
to the faithful and impartial performance of their
duty as such commissioners; and no proceedings. 101,
01-in relation to. the naturaliza tion of aliens shall ho
had or taken by or before any other court or tribunal:
Provided, That the declaration of intention to bo-
come a citizen, and the oaths and affirmations thereto
ri-ciuircd, may be made and taken as well before tbo
olo k of any of said courts as before said courts; and
said courts are hereby authorised and empowered to
appoint and hold special terms tor the purpose ot the
naturalization of aliens at such times and in f-uch
places in their respective districts as will, m their
opinion, afford reasonable and proper facilities for
the purposo aforesaid, public notice of which terms
shall be given for ut least twenty days before holding
the same; and said commissioners shall hold stated
public sessions for performing their du ties under tn is
act, commencing on the first Monday iu every alter-
nate month, at such place within the district as may
be fixed by the order of the circuit court oi the dis-
trict, and which place shall not be chang d within
one year after such order is made, and then only by
the order of the said court; and twenty days gen-
eral public notice of such change of the place ot
holding the said stated sessions shall be given.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, I hat any alien
intending to apply for naturalization shall, at least
one month before such application, file or cause to
be filed with the clerk of the said respective courts,
or with the said commissioner to whom such appli-
cation is to be made, a notice that he intends so to
•ipply which notice shall be verified by the oath ot
such alien, and shall state the time at which such
application is to be made, the name of the town or
place within the State or 'ierritory, or within tne
District of Columbia, in which such application is
intended to be made, also where the applicant has
resided for the year previous to such application, his
residence at the time, with the street and number, (in
case ho resides 111 a place having streets named and
houses numbered,; and name of the keeper ot the
house in which ho lives; the name, age. occupation,
and nationality of the applicant, together with a de-
scription of the person of the applicant, including age,
height, complexion, color of hair, color ot eyes, and
nny otherdisringuishingfact; and the said nonccshall
also contain the name and district of the commis-
sioner, the title ot the court or the clerk with whom
ho filed or made his declaration of intention, witn the
date of the declaration; or if he claims to have ar-
rived in this country before the age of eighteen, then
the date of such airival; or if he claims to have served
in the Army or Navy, and to have been honorably
discharged, then the name in full of the regiment and
company or vessel iu which he last served aud Irom
which he was discharged ; and the commissioner or
clerk of the court shall note upon such notice, when
received, the date of its reception, and shall keei> the
same on file, subject to public inspection, and shall
give copies thereof, or allow copies to be taken when-
ever required; and no application for naturalization
shall belieardor granted unless notice shall have been
filed with the commissioner or elerk as aforesaid, nor
in any other term or month than such as is specified
in such notice; except that any application having
been duly made alter filing notice as aforesaid, may
be twice publicly continued by the court or commis-
sioner, for reasonable cause, to a day certain, pub-
licly announced, and indorsed by the commissioner
or clerk on the notice.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sa>d
courts or commissioner, in adjudicating whether The
said alien shall be admitted to eitizeoship, shall
require the oath of the applicant that he has resided
four years and six months in the United States, and
withiu the State or Territory where such application
is made at least one year next prior thereto, and
shall also require thereto the testimony of at least
ono other witness who knows the said facts and who
is a. citizen; and no proof of declaration of intention
having been made shall be received, except the
record, or certified copy of therecord of such declar-
ation; and any person shall be at liberty to produce
evidence or show caune adversely to the said appli-
cation. And if any person shall file with the com-
missioner or clerk an affidavit that he believes that
fcuch intended application is fraudulent, and ttiat he
intends to contest the same, such affidavit shall bo
attached to the notice of application to which it
relates; and the commissioner or clerk of court shall
make a list ot such contested eases, and a day or
days shall be fixed for the heanug thereof, giving at
least two days' public notice in court of such hear-
ings; and no cases so contested and placed upon the
list as aforesaid shall be heard by the court or com-
missioner except upon the days so fixed, except that
upon such days the hearing of any or all cases may
be publicly postponed to a day or days certain lor
reasonable cause. The hearings of all ca&es, con-
tested or uncontested, shall be public and in open
court, by and before the judges and commissioners
theieof. Each ease shall be heard and decided sep-
arately by the court or commissioner; no affidavits
shall bo admitted; and any attorney at law shall be
pci mitted to cross-examine any applicant or his wit-
nesses, and to offer counter-evidence, conformably
to the rules of law. The notice of application pro-
vided for im section two shall be produced to the
court or commissioner in each east-, and the court
or commissioner shall require satisfactory evidenco
that the applicant is the same person named iu
the notice, and the same who made the declaration
of intention stated in the said notice. The names
of the witnesses in each case shall be indorsed by
the clerk or commissioner upon the notice, wmcu
shah be preserved by the clerk or commissioner,
and copies furnished whenever required; and the
certificate of naturalization in eaeh case shall set
