1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
in which the Democratic party had control was
fully determined to cut loose from a Govern-
ment which they boasted they had ruled for
fifty years. All peaceful efforts failed. The
clash of arms was inevitable, but there was a
powerful party upon which the nation could
jean for support. It took our beloved land on
its Atlantean shoulders and bore it with safety
and honor through the terrible conflict. !
And in the midst of the mighty struggle which i
had been thrust upon us our party did not for- j
get its great mission of freedom and justice, j
When the Republican party was first organ-
ized our banner, the ensign of freedom,
, floated over four million slaves. We boasted
that this was a land of liberty, while four mil- i
lion bondmen stretched forth their bleeding i
hands to heaven, and, with each revolving year,
the chains were tightened and the gashes deep-
ened. The institution of slavery was hostile to
freedom and to everything that bore the name
of freedom. It was hostile to free speech and
a free press; hostile to free schools and free
Spates, and it stood in direct antagonism to the
great idea which underlies the structure of our
Government. Every nation has its leading
idea. The leading idea of Rome was dominion.
Greece's leading idea, one which rendered her
immortal, was aesthetic cultivation. The lead-
ing idea of France is glory; that of England is
aristocratic distinctions; whilethegreatideaof
which our Government is founded is the rights
of man. But in deadly hostility to this funda-
mental idea of the Republic stood the institution
of slavery. It was the " execrable shape'' that
"thrustits miscreated front athwart our way."
At the very inception of the Republican organ-
ization it proclaimed its unalterable determina-
tion that the Territories of the United States
should be forever consecrated to freedom; that
yonder empire of freedom, stretching away
toward the setting sun, should never bear the
tread of slaves. It never has, and thank God
it never will; and next to Him our thanks are
due the great Union liberty-loving Republican
party; and we owe to it, under God, the Btill
greater glory that not only are the Territories
l'ree, but every rood of American soil, and the
folds of the flag of liberty cover no longer a
single slave. For long years freedom, like the
dove that went out from the ark, found no rest-
ing-place for her feet in this land of ours.
Liberty was dead and buried in this nation.
It had been wrapped in grave clothes and laid
in the tomb. The Republican party stood at
the door of the sepulcher and knocked, and
cried with a loud voice, " Li berty, come forth!"
And Liberty came forth bound hand and foot,
and they loosed her and let her go. Four
millions of broken fetters fell to the earth; four i
millions of human chattels became four mil-
lions of men.
' §;e rc!sfJ.a who laid him down a slave.
bnook from his locks the ashes of the grave:
And outward trod.
Into the glorious liberty of God."
The Republican party has stamped the word
'compromise," in its odious, political sense,
opt of existence. At the beginning of oar
difficulties with the South the opposing party
cried " compromise," and we went on compro-
mising with a gigantic crime until the life of the
nation had well-nigh gone out. In an old
Arabian story it is related that there was once
a- fox who was growing old. One night he
engaged in a foraging expedition and stayed
oat until the stin was risen and every one at
work, when he found it dangerous to return to
his den. So he lay down by the roadside and 1
pretended he was dead, saying, "Patience; in '
patience there is safety." Soon a man came !
along and kicked him to be sure that he was I
1^1 Then came another, who amused him- i
self by pulling out the fox's whiskers. The
lox only said " Patience." Next came ai
hunter. "A fox's nail is a good remedy for a
elon, said he, as he whipped out his knife
to him « P*WV " PatieQCe>" said the fot
to himself, it, 1S better to live with three paws
than to die with four." Then came a woman
bearing a child on her shoulder. " The fox's
teeth," said she, "will make a beautiful neck-
lace for my baby." So the fox let himself be
robbed of his teeth, repeating "patience," and
lay still until a last thief tore out his heart.
Need I make the application ? The nation had
become the slave of southern Democrats. Life
seemed to have deserted her; she was kicked
and cuffed and insulted ; and her only response
was "compromise." Her nails were cut off,
I and she compromised; her teuth were drawn,
and she compromised. Then traitors grasped
at her heart, and the Democracy called vehe-
mently to her to compromise ; buta new spirit,
that of Republicanism, had entered into and
I possessed her, and she arose in her might and
struck down the traitorous hands that grasped
at her heart's blood.
When once we compound with crime we
know not where to stop ; and had the nation
continued her feeble course of compromise
treason in the guise of Democracy would have
eaten away her life. That the nation was not
so destroyed is due to the Republican party.
It determined that freedom and not slavery
was national. For its principles its members
were willing to fight; and when rebels rose in
arms against the nation's life they took their
lives in their hands and their muskets on their
shoulders, slung their knapsacks, filled their
haversacks, bid good-by to home and home
comforts, and dared all the toils of the march
and the stern trials of the battle to show the
world that "freemen dare be free." They
fought to make the Union firmer and better
than it was and the Constitution freer and
more just. There is something better in this
land than Union or Constitution. Man him-
self is better than either. The individual man
for whom free governments are instituted is
infinitely higher and better than laws or consti-
tutions. It was to secure freedom for man that
our Government was founded, that the Union
was established, the Constitution framed; and
in so far as they failed to secure this object they
needed correction. In so far as the Constitu-
tion worked unequally and unjustly it needed
correction. In so far as it failed to secure lib-
erty it failed in the great end of Republican
Governmentand needed correction. We should
not conceive a government to be worth much
that failed to secure us in our natural and civil
rights and liberties.
The Republican party fought for the Union
not alone, but with it for the liberty it was formed
to secure; it fought for the Constitution not
alone, but with it for the civil rights and liberties
of every citizen within its jurisdiction. It fought
for a Union that should be superior to States,
and could not be broken up and destroyed at
the behests of traitors. It fought for a Consti-
tution that should guaranty freedom to every
son and daughter of the Republic. It fought
for a Constitution that should not select oue
kind of property and give it a large represent-
ation in Congress and refuse representation to
all other kinds. It fought for a Constitution
that should give no more privileges nor power
to a citizen of South Carolina than to a citizen
of Indiana. We fought to bury forever the
days of Pierce and Buchanan, when the right of
secession was recognized, when the first and
highest allegiance was held to be due to the
State, and when freedom of speech and of the
press was as dead in the South under slavery
as it was two years ago under Andrew John-
son. Four years of war meant something. It
was more than a gigantic prize-fight. The war
was fought that a Government of the people
might not perish from the earth; to smite down
those who struck at the nation's existence ; to
establish the fact that the Constitution is su-
preme over all the land, the will of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding; and for my-
self, I fought that liberty in this land might be
perpetual, that the nation mightcease to regard
distinctions of caste and color, that we might
reach the penetralia of the temple of liberty,
that we might burst the thongs that bound us
to the car of slavery, and on the wreck of shat-
tered systems and institutions build the aitar
of freedom sacred to the brotherhood of man
In the campaign of 1856 the question that
was written upon the political firmament was •
" Shall slavery be extended all over this land V'
Though beaten in the contest, the people of
the free North uttered an emphatic "No!" as
their answer to the question. In the years
1860 and 1861 another question was answered
In this land founded by Washington, dedicated
to freedom, an asylum for the oppressed of
all nations, the freest land, in theory, within
the circuit of the sun, the people saw written
on the political firmament the strange and ter-
rible question: "Shall the nation perish at
the hands of rebels and traitors?" Clear
sharp, and piercing rang out the answer, " No!''
Four battle-years made good the answer, and
a nation preserved stood a monument to the
struggles of a patriotic people. In the year
1866 the question came, " Shall the rebellious
States be restored on the basis of universal
freedom ?'' And the people answered '' Yes 1
Let justice be done ; let the boon of liberty be
the inheritance of every man ; let the poorest
and humblest citizen be the equal before the
law of the richest and most powerful."
In 1868 the people, again speaking through
the Republican party, declared that reconstruc-
tion on the basis of equal rights for all men
should be carried out until it stood as the law
of the land. The platform, the candidates, the
papers, and the orators of the opposing party
told us that the reconstruction acts of Congress
were "unconstitutional, revolutionary, and
void," and that they should be " trampled into
the dust." But the voice of the people was
heard; and if not the voice of a god, it is at
least the voice of the only sovereign we acknowl-
edge, and this ringing voice declared in unmis-
takable tones that the reconstruction measures,
founded on liberty and justice and protection
for all, shall stand not only as the law of the
land, but as a cardinal principle in our govern-
mental policy, settling it for all time to come
that this nation stands on the broad basis of
universal freedom.
The Republican party has decreed justice for
all the dwellers under the jurisdiction of our
Constitution. This great nation cannot afford
to be unjust, noteveu to the humblest of God's
creatures. A government of the people must
be for the people and by the people, for and
by all of them.
The Republican party has decreed protection
for every man on every foot of American soil.
In this afternoon of the nineteenth century, but
a few months more than aycar ago, in this nation
of freemen, there were thousands who voted their
honest sentiments only at the imminent risk of
their lives, and thousands more who, under a
Kuklux Klan reign of terror, dared not attempt
to exercise the right of suffrage. And strange
as it may seem, strange as it must appear to
other ^nations, strange as it will sound in his-
tory, it was the nation's enemy who was pro-
tected in the expression of his will at the ballot-
box, while the humble friend of the nation
was left "defenseless to his enemies." And
stranger yet, it was the traitor, stained with the
blood of the nation's defenders, who stripped
from the nation's friends the rights which he
claimed and exercised for himself. Thank God
for the better time coming, for the decree ofthe
Republican party that protection shall be guar-
antied to every man on whatever square foot
of American soil he may stand, that he may
speak his honest sentiments and be protected;
that he may sing Yankee Doodle, Hail Co-
lumbia, Rally Round the Flag, or even Old
John Brown, and be protected; that he may
vote his political sentiments and for whom he
pleases, and be protected! But I am dwelling
too long on this pleasing theme. I am loath
to leave it. I am proud to be connected with
such a party. It is to-day, as it has alwajra
been, the party of freedom and progress; it
