2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
days, the pay department shall allow to him full pay
and emoluments for the rank in which he served
from the dato on which he received the orders of the
War Department—
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Thoro being no legal vacancy, or from other cause
beyond his control and without his own fault or neg-
lect was not mustered in as a commissioned officer of >
the dato he reported at General Ullman's headquar- '
ters; the War Department, after an examination of
tlic facts in each case, shall allow him full pay and !
emoluments for the rank to which he was assigned
and in which he served from the date on which ho
reported at the aforesaid headquarters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire if the
effect of that will not be to pay an officer ac-
cording to the rank in which he served; and
if it is, what will be the result upon hundreds
and thousands of officers in the volunteer ser-
vice who were mere colonels, and served as
brigadier generals and major generals and com-
manders of divisions? If you are going to pay
men for the rank in which they served that
would have to be a general law. Will not that
be the effect of it?
Mr. WILSON. The effect is very simple.
General Ullman was authorized to go down on
the Mississippi river to raise a brigade of col-
ored troops. For the purpose of having proper ,
officers lor them certain officers were dis-
charged from the Army and ordered to report
to General Ullman at New York, and go to
Louisiana to be officers of the troops to be
raised. They did so, and when they arrived
there it was some time, several weeks, before
some of them were enabled to be mustered in
the service in the places to which they had
been appointed, because it took some time to !
raise the brigade, and some of these officers J
for several weeks were without any pay what- i
ever. This is to pay those men from the time
they reported and were ready to be mustered i
in. It is just in itself, and 1 trust it will pass j
without objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They were practically in
the service all the time?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Military Committee if his joint resolu-
tion does not go further than the accomplish-
ment of the purpose which he explains ?
Mr. WILSON. No.
Mr. HOWE. What is the use of this lan-
guage then, which requires that from the amount
to be paid to these officers there shall be de-
ducted what has been paid them for this period
of service?
Mr. HAMLIN. I am somewhat familiar
with this matter, probably a good deal more
so than the Senator who has reported this joint
resolution. My familiarity with it arises from
the fact that my son, now not living, com-
manded one of the regiments and was the
mustering officer. It was one of the charges
which he gave to his father, and which that
father will endeavor to discharge to the best
of his ability, to see that the officers whom he
neglected to muster in at certain points, and
which he could not do by reason of his being
at other points, were dealt with justly by the
Government.
Now, if I may be pardoned, I would say
that I bore the order for the raising of that
brigade with my own hands from the President
to the Secretary of War. It was the first bri-
gade of colored troopB raised by law. They
were authorized to detail from the army of
the Potomac certain officers, and to muster
them in, that they might have trained men as
officers, and not have to take new men to offi-
cer these colored troops. They took sergeants,
lieutenants, and captains.
Now I come to the precise answer to the
question which the Senator from Wisconsin
put. I know there were men who went into
these regiments as lieutenants and captains,
and who did duty for six months before they
could get mustered in. Some of them were
sergeants and they got the pay of sergeants;
lome were privates, and they could only get the
pay of privates for that period of time, because
they were not mustered in. • That is the pre-
cise point made, and I think I am right when
I say there were quite a number of the officers
who went into that service who were killed in
battle and were never mustered in. Hence the
clause that the benefit shall innre to the heirs
of those deceased.
Mr. HOWE. I have to say that the purpose,
as explained by the Senator from Maine, is
entirely different from that explained by the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts. The Senator'from
Massachusetts, as I understood him, explained
the measure to be one to provide for this case :
where officers were mustered out of the service
for the purpose of being- mustered into the
service at a different place and in a different
branch of the service and upon a different
rank. The Senator from Maine says, on the
contrary, that officers and soldiers not mus-
tered out at all were detailed, while retaining
the pay to which they were entitled ; detailed
to proceed to another point for the purpose of
being commissioned to a higher rank, and sub-
sequently were commissioned; and this reso-
lution is simply to anticipate the pay of their
elevated rank, give it to them before the rank
wa3 assigned to them. I understand that is
the proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. While they were per-
forming the service of the higher rank they
are to have the pay ; but they were not mus-
tered in until some time after they commenced
performing this service.
Mr. HOWE. Very well. It is to anticipate
the pay which was due to that higher rank and
to confer the pay upon ihem before the rank
was conferred.
Mr. HAMLIN. The rank was conferred,
but the technical mustering in had not taken
place.
Mr. HOWE. How was the rank conferred?
Mr. HAMLIN. It was conferred in this
way: a lieutenant was taken from a company
here and made captain in the colored service.
Mr. HOWE. How was he made captain?
Mr. HAMLIN. By appointment and com*
mission ; and he was not mustered in, owing to
an inability to be mustered in. That is all
there was of it.
Mr. HOWE. Now, if you give him the pay
from the time his commission was issued—not
from the time of his being detailed from his
former service—that will cover the case and
will be just right.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is all it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The point about it, and
I do not think it has been answered, is this:
that a man is to have pay according to the
rank to which he was assigned and in which
he served. That was not the rank that he had
a commission for, very often. Many of these
very persons who were captains may have been
assigned to perform the duties of colonels,
and may have served as colonels. Now it is
proposed to pay them as colonels from the
time they were sent from the service in which
they were engaged to take these positions. I
presume that is not what is meant. It seems
to me the word " commissioned'' or some other
word ought to be used instead of "assigned*"
If it proposed to pay each one of these per-
sons the amount due according to the grade
in which he was commissioned from the time
he ought to have been commissioned I cer-
tainly should have no objection to it, and I
think that is all that is intended; but the bill
certainly goes much further than that.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts will agree to an amendment
striking out the words 
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make this state-
ment: that the War Department prepared that
very section; and I think they know better
about it than we do here, and I think the direc-
tion given at the Department will enable them
better to know what equitably covers the case
than we do here. I think they have done it
just right as the bill stands.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt they have
done it right fot some purpose. The question
is, whether you want to pay these men trom the
time of their being detailed or from the timu
of their being commissioned. When I ob-
jected that this gave them the pay of a higher
rank before the rank was conferred, you said
no, and you said the rank was conferred by
the commission. Now I say let the date come
from the commission, and you say no again.
Mr. HAMLIN. No.
Mr. HOWE. You do not say " no;" then
say "yes," and we are agreed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to that myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think if the word
"assigned " was stricken out and " commis-
sioned " inserted it would be right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think when a man was
assigned to service and performed that service,
he ought to be paid for it. I know of cases
that have occurred where an officer was en-
gaged in that sort of Service for a considerable
time before he received his commission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
know that that would cost millions?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think it would
cost millions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would involve going
back through the whole Army.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not necessarily.
Mr. WILSON. It is suggested to strike out
the word "assigned" and insert "commis-
sioned," or to say " to which he was commis-
sioned and assigned," and let it read in that
way. Let the words " commissioned or" be
inserted before " assigned."
Mr. HOWE. I will move an amendment,
if the Senator will allow me. It seems to me
if you want to give the pay of the higher rank
from the time at which tile higher rank was
conferred it would be better after the word
"he," in the twenty-fifth line, to insert "was
commissioned and^" and then it will read,
"from the date on which he was commissioned
and reported at the aforesaid headquarters."
That will effect that purpose, if that is what
it is.
Mr. WILSON. I will accept the amend-
ment, although I think it is precisely so now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment wis
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I move another amend-
ment; after the word "pay," in the twenty -
sixth line, to insert "allowances and emolu-
ments."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that this
is a dangerous precedent. This bill proposes,
as I understand, to pay officers who were ap-
pointed to offices that were not vacant, and to
pay them for services in the offices when they
were not vacant, and simply because they had
been directed to report at a certain place to be
mustered into offices of a certain rank. It will
be found that during the war numerous officers
served in positions much higher than their real
rank, and if that is any good ground for the
payment of the allowances of the higher rank
you will have innumerable officers here asking
for additional pay of the same character. I
see no grotind at all for this bill. Simply be-
cause these gentlemen were directed to report
at a certain point, and failed to be mustered iu
at the precise time at which they expected to
i be mustered in, therefore it is said they shotfld
I receive higher salaries than were allowed them,
j Many of them were officers already and under
j pay, others were private soldiers. When they
I came to be mustered in it was found _ that the
I positions to which they had been assigned, as
! i understand this case, were not vacant, and
