1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
the Secretary of the Interior calling my atten-
tion to the fact that the Senate had passed the
bill, and asking that it be passed in the House.
The object of the bill is simply this: it pro-
vides that in the settlement of accounts between
the national Government and a State, when
the State is found to have money coming to
it, but is at the same time indebted upon either
the principal or interest of its bonds which are
held in any ofthe trust funds duetothe United
States, a deduction may be made of such indebt-
edness before the balance is paid over to the
State. This is the whole bill. As the law now
, stands, it authorizes the deduction of anything
" due by the State from the three per cent, fund
arising out of the land fund accruing to that
State. Our desire is to extend the same princi-
ple over all indebtedness, so that in any settle-
ment made with a State, where on any account
that State is indebted to the United States, a
deduction may be made; which the accounting
officer now is not allowed to do except in the
case of the land grant.
Mr. NIBLACK. I should like to ask a
question of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] I desire toascertain whether this
bill contains any provision which will tend to
facilitate the settlement between the north-
western States and the General Government as
to the three per cent, fund to which he has
referred ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man's question. There is no change made in
the law by this bill as far as the percentage of
the land fund is concerned. That the account-
ing officers on behalf of the Government of the
United States are now authorized to take into
account in any settlement with the States. But
it has been found that States have been draw-
ing, and can draw, money from the Treasury
without any deduction, where those States are
actually indebted to the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States on account of their bonds or the
interest on their bonds that are held in trust
by the General Government. The object is
to be able to let in this set-off in the other
case as well as in the land case. It is author-
ized now by law in making settlements in the
case of the land grant. I do not know if it
would facilitate or not—whether it would have
any effect on the settlements one way or the
other as regards the land fund, because the
law is not changed as to settlements as regards
that fund.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman, and I ask it because the bill
not having been printed, it has been impossi-
ble for us to ascertain its provisions. I wish
to know whether there is any provision in this
bill as to the liability of States, in the set-
tlement of questions of interest between the
States and the Federal Government, to pay
certain bonds held by the Federal Government
as securities for trust lands.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill will not affect any
case except where there is a clear liability on
the part of the State, either by direct indebted-
ness or by having given a guarantee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman inform
us what States are affected by the provisions
of this act?
Mr. SCHENCK. It would be rather invid-
ious to name States now, and I do not know
that it is in my power to do so. There are
two or three of the States at the South whose
bonds have been held in trust funds, and which
are entitled to receive certain moneys from the
Government. And I think one at least of the
New England States is entitled to receive money
from the Government from which a deduction
will be made if a bill of this kind shall pass.
J desire to have read the letters from the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the previous Secre-
tary of the Interior. They will, I think, answer
all the questions put by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. IIolman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very well known that
theie are States whose bonds are held by the
Federal Government by way of security for
trust funds where the liability of the State to
pay is denied and where the State has uni-
formly held that it is not liable for the bonds
so held by the Government. Now, it is im-
possible to tell, without a careful examination
of this bill, how far it may affect the States in
that condition. To my certain knowledge it
may affect very materially one State which per-
haps the gentleman does not mean to affect at
all. I hope, therefore, the gentleman will
allow the bill to go over until it can be printed
and there can be some opportunity of exam-
ining it. I insist as a matter of fairness that
a bill of this character, which may affect States
injuriously, ought not to be passed until it has
been printed, so that its provisions can be
exactly understood.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it will remove diffi-
culty I should have no objection to have the
bill printed and recommitted, except that it is
desirable that the bill shall be passed because
some settlements are awaiting its passage at
the Treasury. Perhaps after the letters shall
have been read the gentleman will withdraw
his objection. I ask to have the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior first read and then
the other two letters of the successive Secre-
taries of the Interior.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
"Washington, D. C., February 7,1870.
Sir : I have the honor to inclose a copy of two letters
addressed by this Department to the chairman of the
Senate finance Committee, one bearing date tho25tti
ultimo, and the other January 27, 1868.
The Senate, pursuant to my recommendation, has
just passed the accompanying bill, No. 441. Pre-
suming that it will be referred to your committee by
the House of Representatives, I have the honor to
state that on further reflection I am satisfied that
it will not effeotually secure the obj eot in view. Most
of the bonds, except those of the United States held
by this Department in trust for Indian tribes, were
not issued, but only guarantied by tho respective
States. The phraseology of the bill refers to tho
default of a. State in the payment of interest or prin-
cipal in "its stocks or bonds," &c. I respectfully
suggest two amendments: first, strike out the word
" its" in the fifth line; and second, insert alter the
word "bonds," in tliefifth line, thewords "issuedor
guarantied by such State, and."
Should the bill thus amended receive tho sanc-
tion of Congress and become a law, the Government
may be enabled, withoutfurther legislation, to secure
from adefaul ting State moneys duefrom iton account
of securities held in trust for certain Indian tribes.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Robert C. Schenck, Chairman Committee of
Wayz and Means, House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., January 27,1868.
Sir : I have the.honor to submit, for the consider-
ation of the Finance Committoo, the accompanying
draft of a joint resolution.
It differs but in one particular from a resolution
approved March 3,1845. (Statutes-at-Large, volume
five, page 801.) The latter directed the retention by
tho Secretary of tho Treasury of moneys duo to a
defaulting State on account of the percentage of
proceeds of the public lands lying within her limits.
This resolution makes it his duty to withhold any
moneys duo to such State from the United States on
any account whatever.
Tho propriety of the original legislation has never
boen questioned. Its terms wero limited, as, at the
timeofitspassage.nomoneys were duefrom the Gen-
eral Government to any State, except on account of
such proceeds. It was in keeping with the provis-
ions of an act approved September 4,1841, (Statutes,
lb., page 453,) giving to certain States ten par cent,
ofthe net proceeds ofthe sales of public lands within
i heir respective limits. The fourth section provides
that money due any State, on account of such
proceeds, should be first applied to the payment of
any debt duo and payable from such Stato to the
United States.
Without any special provision, it may bo the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, or of the account-
ing officers, in adjusting a claim by a Stato against
the United States, toascertain and withhold thesum
due from the former to the latter. To relieve the
subject of all doubts, I respectfully suggest, however,
that a positive leffislativc direction in the premises,
such as the joint resolution contemplates, should be
given.
ThisDepartmentisthedepository of a large amount
of overdue State bonds, which the United States
hold in trust forcertain Indian tribes. Theannually
accruing interest, for many years, was unpaid by the
respective States, but was advanced by Congress
from the Treasury.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. II. BROWNING, Secretary.
Hon. Jons Sherman, ,
Ohatrman Fiwxnce Committee, U. o. Senate.
Department of the Iktjsriob, "
Washington. D. C., January 25,1870. •
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a oopy
or a letter addressed to you by my predecessor on ■
the 27th day of January, 1868. . ,
A copy of the draft to which he refers is not in. the
Department, but I inclose a bill substantially in tho
same terms and designed to accomplish the same
object as the joint resolution, The latter, as appears
from the reported debates, met tho unanimous
approval of your committee", was adopted by* tho
Senate, but failed in the House of Representatives
for want of time. The reasons urged by. ay. prede-
cessor in favor of further legislation on the subject
mentioned in his letter still exist. '
I trust, if your honorable committee concur with'
mo in opinion, that the bill will be presented for the
consideration of the Senate at an early_ day. I am
not aware that it is susceptible of amendment It
is sanctioned by legislative precedents, and provides
for reimbursing the United States for moneys ad-
vanced on account of interest falling due on bonds
held in trust, issued by States which failed to pay
the interest on their securities as itbecame due, and
for retaining and applying so much of the moneys
due from the United States to suoh States a® will be
necessary to satisfy the principal and interest on
such bonds as are due and unpaid.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COS, Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman,
Chairman Committee on Finance, U. S. Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that ought to sat-
isfy the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust now the gentleman
will let the bill go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. Ratherthan
be drawn into any discussion I move that the
bill and report be printed and recommitted to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tariff bill I will yield to such
gentlemen as desire to present bills and res-
olutions which will not give rise to discussion.
LIGIIT-HOUSE ON LAKE ONTARIO.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution'; which was
reo.d, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to inform tho House whether an additional
light-houso upon the southern shore of Lake On-
tario, between the Genesee and Niagara rivers, is
nocessary for the protection of life and property
upon that lake, and also as to the proper location
of such light-house.
TUNNEL UNDER NIAflAR4 RIVER. '
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous1 consent,
introduced a bill(H. R. No. 1543) to authorize
the city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a
tunnel under the Niagara river, and to erect
and maintain an inlet pier therefrom; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
JURISDICTION OF UNITED STATUS COURTS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1-544) to confer upon
the district courts of the United States juris-
diction of certain actions against vessels en-
gaged in the coasting trade; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
REDEMPTION OF UNITED STATES BONDS,'
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. ft. No. 1545) for the redemp-
tion of the outstanding notes and bonds cif the
United States, and for the resumption of specie
payment; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.,
PROTECTION OF WITNESSES.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and are heroby, instructed to inquire into the 'expe;
dienov of extending to witnesses who have testinoa
or may hereafter testify before investigating com-
mittees of Congress such protection as may he con-
sistent with puolic policy, and  %rd everx l^inty
for obtaining testimony withqutsukje«titagwimesoe„
to odium or private animosities, with leave to repou
at any time. ' .. ' ■
. PAY OF SCHOOt-TBA-CmnSBS,
Mr. COOK, by unanimous eonsent, submit-
