mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Mayham.
Ho. of Reps.
June, 1866, not only not out of the Union in
full, but was not so regarded by the Federal
Government.
Sir, at the commencement of the war of the
rebellion a resolution was offered in and passed
both branches of the Congress of the United
States, with unprecedented unanimity, to the
effect that the war was not prosecuted on the
part of the United States for conquest or sub-
jugatioD, but for the preservation of the Union
only. Under that resolution the people of the
adhering States threw into the lap of the nation
for the preservation of the Union their richest
and best gifts of blood and treasure ; and when,
after four years of fearful carnage and strife,
the rebellion was crushed the American people
remembered that pledge of Congress, and hoped
and believed that the Union was saved; and
though some of the stars upon our glorious old
flag had for a time been dimmed by the smoke
of the conflict, yet with the dawn of peace the
light would break through and reveal every
star, and that proud galaxy of States would
again shine with undiminished luster.
But, Mr. Speaker, how were these fond
hopes crushed when it was proclaimed in Con-
gress that what ordinances of secession and
armed rebellion had failed to effect Congress
by an unwarranted and unconstitutional usurp-
ation of power had accomplished, and that the
States whose people had been lately in rebel-
lion were out of the Union by congressional
legislation.
About four years have elapsed since Congress
promulgated this startling edict, and closed the
Halls of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives against the congressional representatives
of the Old Dominion.
Since that time the representatives of the
people of the State of Virginia have stood at
the doors of Congress and knocked until their
locks are wet with the dews of the night, and
are growing gray with the advance of time, and
yet a rump of a Congress has excluded that
State from representation.
Although section two of article one of the Con-
stitution, which in the presence of high Heaven
each member of Congress has sworn to support,
provides:
"The number of Representatives [in Congress]
shall not exceed one for every thirty thousandbut
each State shall have at least one Representative;
And until another enumeration—
"The State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to
three, Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island one, Con-
necticut five, New York six, New Jersey four, Penn-
sylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, "Vir-
ginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five,
and Georgia three
I am aware, sir, that the number of Repre-
sentatives from these States have been changed
as the population has from time to time changed,
in compliance with the provisions of this arti-
cle. But the constitutional provision entitling
these States to representation in Congress in
proportion to their population has never been
in the slightest degree modified, and by an un-
repealed and unaltered constitutional provision
Virginia is to-day entitled, in express terms_, to
be represented on this floor ; and yet, notwith-
standing the oath registered in this Hall and
in the high courts of Heaven which each of us,
as members of this House, took to support that
Constitution and to enforce among its other
provisions that which I have read, Virginia is
denied representation upon this floor, andbythe
action of this and preceding Congresses.
Sir, I have no right to judge harshly of the
motives of gentlemen upon this floor. I will
rather obey the injunction, " Judge not that ye
be not judged." I will not, I do not impugn
the honesty or motives of any member upon
this floor; but when I, in company with my fel-
low-members, raised my hand in this Hall and
appealed to the Judge of the universe, and
vowed to support the Constitution, I did it with-
out mental reservation or evasion, and thereby
became bound to support every line and pro-
vision of that instrument whether it promoted
the weal or woe of the party to which I have
the hQnor to belong, and I shall expect my
party to conform to its provisions or to claim
no allegiance from me. Acting upon this con-
viction, and in view of this and another consti-
tutional provision which lam obligated to sup-
port, I cannot vote for this bill and thereby
exclude the State of Virginia from representa-
tion upon this floor for a single day.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that it is oar
duty under the Constitution to guaranty to the
State of Virginia a republican form of govern-
ment, and hence we may deprive her of rep-
resentation in Congress until she. so adjusts
her local affairs as to meet our notions of re-
publican institutions; and of this Congress is
the sole and exclusive judge. That provision
of the Constitution is best interpreted in the
light of the contemporaneous acts of its fram-
ers. Will any gentleman upon this floor seri-
ously maintain that since the adoption of the
Federal Constitution Virginia has not always
had a government republican in form as under-
stood by tbe framers of the Constitution? Is
it less republican in form now, save only the
congressional military government, than it has
been at any previous time ?
Sir, the very preamble, which is a solemn
declaration of fact made by the Reconstruction
Committee, and General Canby, as well as the
President himaelfin his annual message, asserts
that she has a constitution republican in form,
and if she has not guarantied to her a repub-
lican form of government it is solely because
she is deprived of some of the elements which
constitute that kind of government by Congress
itself. A republican form of government as
understood by us, as applied to our institutions,
means a representative government of the peo-
ple, and that cannet be completely republican
in form, in the full sense of thatterm, when the
Eeople are deprived of representation in the
egislature authorized to enact laws for their
government.
Congress, therefore, instead of guaranty-
ing to Virginia a republican form of govern-
ment as the Constitution requires, has for the
last five years, in express violation of that in-
strument, deprived her of all semblance of that
kind of government by subjecting her to mili-
tary rule and depriving her of representation
in the national Legislature.
Sir, is it not time to strike off the shackles
of Virginia and remit her to her rights under
the Constitution ? Let us no longer make the
fatal mistake of confounding the republican
form of government referred to in the Consti-
tution with a government by the Republican
party of to-day. "Hie former means constitu-
tional liberty and the free exercise and enjoy-
ment of republican institutions under sure and
safe constitutional guarantees. The latter means
oppression, congressional, executive, and mili-
tary usurpation, the subversion of State rights,
and consolidation of power in Congress, pros-
tration and enslavement of the whites to the
dictation and control of the blacks, and finally,
in the language of the distinguished gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] the reduction
of States to the condition of counties, and the
centralization of all the power, both State and
Federal, in Congress. For one, I desire no
such unfortunate consummation.
But, Mr. Speaker, if I am in error in all my
theories and conclusions upon this question,
and the doctrine of the reconstruction of a State
by Congress is one fairly within the purview
and scope of the jurisdiction and control or
that body; if, indeed, the States are the crea-
tures of Congress and subject to be voted in
and out by that body, as tbejudgmentor caprice
or political interest of a majority of that body
shall suggest, still I maintain that Congress is
at this time bound to admit the Representatives
of Virginia to their seats in this House under
a solemn pledge made by Congress in the act
of the 10th of April, 1869. We were told by
the gentleman recently from Massachusetts,
now representing one of the districts of South
Carolina on this floor, [Mr. Whittemoee,] in
answer to a question propounded by me to him,
that if the preamble to this bill be true as mat-
ter of fact, still Congress was under no obliga-
tion under the act of April 10 to admit the
Representatives of Virginia.
That bill provided for the submission of the
constitution adopted by the convention at Rich-
mond on the 3d day of December, 1867, to
the people of Virginia for adoption or rejec-
tion, and authorized the President of the United
States to submit its different provisions sep-
arately or together, as he might deem best. It
also provided for a register of the voters by
General Canby and" the election at the same
election of members of the General Assembly
of Virginia, State officers, and members of
Congress ; directed the election to be held in
accordance with the reconstruction acts, and
provided for the representation of Virginia in
Congress after they shall have ratified the fif-
teenth amendment.
This act was the most oppressive of all the
reconstruction acts hitherto proposed by Con-
gress, and yet, so strong was the desire of the
Democratic party that Virginia should be rep-
resented in Congress, that they agreed to ail
the provisions of this bill except the attempt
to coerce the Legislature of Virginia to adopt
the fifteenth amendment, and it was that at-
tempt that drove them from the support of the
bill.
The bill passed, and under its provisions
elections were held; officers, State and Federal,
were elected ; the constitution in part was
adopted; the Legislature met and adopted the
fifteenth amendment, and elected United States
Senators, and the President and General Canby
both concur in stating to Congress that she has
complied with all the reconstruction acts, the
people are well disposed toward the Govern-
ment, and upon this evidence and other proof
furnished the Reconstruction Committee they
assert in the preamble to this bill as follows:
"Whereas the people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and by its provisions
assuring the equality of right in all citizens ot the
United States before the law; and whereas the Con-
gress of the United States have received assurances
and are assured that the people of Virginia, and es-
pecially those heretofore in insurrection against the
UnitedStates, have renounced allclairosol any right
of secession in a State, and that they are now well
disposed to the Government of the United States, and
will support anddefend the Constitution thereof, and
will carry out in letter and spirit the provisions ana
requirements of the constitution submitted under the
reconstruction acts of Congress and ratified by the
people of Virginia: therefore.'*
Sir, after making the pledges contained in
this bill of the 10th of April, and the admission
contained in the preamble to this bill, this
Government cannot afford, if there is one spark
of honor or good faith left in its administration,
to violate its plighted faith to Virginia. Has
not that grand old Commonwealth, erring
though she may have been, suffered enough,
giving up one after another of her cherished
institutions, until she is now completely pros-
trate at the feet of this great nation, supplicat-
ing only for a share of those rights which are
enjoyed by all her sister States, and even by
those in like manner offendiug? Sir, regard-
ing Virginia even as a conquered and subju-
gated province, cannot the United States Gov-
ernment afford to be magnanimous to a fallen
foe? Can she not, at least, afford to be just
and fulfill her obligations and plighted faith ?
In my judgment the substitute for this bill
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr-
Bingham] is what is due to Virginia, and
though long delayed, its adoption will be hailea
with joy and thanksgiving by thousands ox
oppressed people of Virginia. Sir, I shall vote
