1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS:
2947
therefore they could not b® mustered in u of
that date. Such things occurred, to my own
personal knowledge, very frequently during the
war. Men were appointed to positions which
turned out not to be vacant, and in those cases
the officers were not paid back ot the date of the
appointment. There are innumerable cases;
and if this precedent is set, and you follow it,
in my judgment you will have thousands and
thousands of dollars to pay.
Mr. WILSON. Without taking time, 1 wish
simply to sav to the Senator that the War
Department endeavored to raise a brigade of
colored troops and to officer thess men, not
by the Governors of the States, but directly
here; that General Uliraan was selected to go
down on the Mississippi river and raise and
organize this brigade, and Army officers and
soldiers were taken out of their regiments and
sent down to the Mississippi river to officer it;
but when they arrived there they could not be
mustered in because the troops were not raised.
They had to go to work down there in aBtrange
country to raise the troops before they could
be mustered in, and this joint resolution pro-
vides for their payment. There is no other
case like it, none resembliug it in the war. It
is a just measure, and should have passed years
ago. It did pass the House of Representatives
last winter.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently said : I move
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) for
the relief of certain officers of volunteers, with
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] I find on examination
that the amendment which he offered renders
the measure unjust, in my judgment. I ask to
have it reconsidered, and then I will state in a
moment the precise cause, and I think the
Senator from Wisconsin will concur with me as
to its justice.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now let the Secretary read
the amendment which was adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
that now as he has had the measure reconsid-
ered it would be better perhaps to recommit
it, and let the Committee on Military Affairs
put it in a shape that will carry out the precise
object, and then I think no one will object to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it does carry out
the precise object without the amendment
which has been made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very dangerous
certainly to pay these persons 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator listen to
me, and then see if there is any danger? Let
the words which have been inserted be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the words.
The Secretaky. The amendment which has
been agreed to was to insert before the word
"reported," in line twenty-five, the words "was
commissioned, and."
Mr. HAMLIN. So that the effect is to pro-
vide that it shall not apply to the men unless
they were commissioned. This resolution
applies to the Ullman brigade, the first brigade
of colored troops that was mustered into the
service of the United States, and it applies to
no other. Now, if you put in the word ' • com-
missioned" you make the resolution wholly
nugatory; because I remember now, since I
have examined the amendment, that no officer
who entered that brigade was ever commis-
sioned during the whole service. My son, who
commanded one of these regiments as a col-
onel, never had a commission; but he was also
a captain in the regular Army and officiated
as mustering officer, and he mustered them in
without commissions.
This was the precise way in which these offi-
cers were designated: I remember that the Sec-
retary of War said to me, "Mr. Hamlin, confer
with your Governor, and I will detail from the
Maine troops such number of offiaera as shall
be necessary for your son's regiment. " They
wanted officers of experience. It was a time,
too, when there was Bome credit due to an offi-
cer who was willing to go into that service. If
it should prove to be a failure it would be a ;
failure for the men who took commands; and
I insist that as a general rule they were a supe-
rior class of officers who were selected. The
Governor of my State designated the men who i
were to be taken, and a list was made of them,
and on that they were detailed into that service.
They never had any commissions. They were
nearly all mustered in, but a few were not, and
those who were not mustered in went into ser-
vice and did their duty side by side with the
others. Now, I cannot see any reason in the
world why those who did precisely the same
service in the brigade should not stand in rela-
tion to their pay on the samefooting. If apart
of them had been commissioned, then I could
see how you might draw a distinction ; but none
of them were. I cannot speak of the number
with certainty, but I think it is less than twenty,
who from one cause or othercould notget mus-
tered in at the precise time for the want of a
mustering officer. This measure was sent to the
Secretary of War, and he has drawn tho resolu-
tion so that it will cover the exact case. There
is no other case like it. Their appointment was
regarded as equivalent to a commission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can this joint resolution
by possibility apply to any other case 1
Mr. HAMLIN. It can apply to no other
in the world. You cannot find another service
like it. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you not put in a pro-
vision that it shall apply only to this brigade ?
Mr. HAMLIN. It is so now. It applies to
the Ullman brigade expressly. The War De-
partment framed the resolution aright, as I
have said. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote order-
ing the joint resolution to a third reading will
be regarded as reconsidered, and the question
now is on reconsidering the vote agreeing to
the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to oppose that
reconsideration. I think, as the Senator from
Maine does, that this joint resolution applies
only to the Ullman brigade; but I am very
far from thinking with him and with other Sen-
ators that there should be any distinction be-
tween officers serving in the Ullman brigade
and other officers, the name of whom is legion,
not the whole of whom but many of whom have
been before the Committee on Claims asking
that they shall be allowed pay for time when
they were performing service to which their
commissions did not designate them. We have
felt compelled to reject many such cases; but
I shall not stand here objecting to this claim
when so many Senators say it is just.
Thq^aotion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
bilts passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 526) to promote commerce among the
States, and to cheapen transportation of the
mails and of military and naval stores.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to the consideration of that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that objected to?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 614) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Columbia river to Puget sound.
Mr. HOWARD. That can be passed over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objeqtion to
that. If the bill that passed the Senate the
other day passes the House we can then post-
pone this bill indefinitely. Let it be passed
over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 469) relating to the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. HOWAUD. Let that be passed over.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
bill acted on and passed at this time. The
committee have stricken out everything that
relates to bonds, and I do not believe there is
any objection to the bill as it now stands.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew the objection to
the consideration of the bill, because it will
occupy time.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it will
lead to remarks. It is nothing but a land
grant.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not let it be read?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The bill is objected to
j by the Senator from Vermont.
! district corporations.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 461) providing for the formation of
corporations, and regulating the same in the
District of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read at length.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill was reported from
the Committee on the Distrietof Columbia;
but subsequent to our report the House of
Representatives passed a bill embracing the
precise object of this bill. Now I wish to know
if I may move to substitute that for this. I do
not think there is any need of reading this bill,
but let us take the House bill and substitute it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, „ We shall reach the
House bill on the Calendar directly I suppose.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; I move to post-
pone this bill indefinitely, so aa to. get it off the
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
biiitis objected to.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 530) to enlarge the public grounds
surrounding the Capitol.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will be
acted upon.
Mr. SCHURZ. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has passed the Senate
twice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An objection
carries it over. The title of the next bill will
be read.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (3. No. 252) to provide for the
sale of certain lands and lots on the sea islands
of Beaufort county, South Carolina, and for
other purposes. ..
Mr. McCREERY. I object to that.
Mr. POMEROY. It is very important that
that bill should pass. It will save $120,000 a
year to the Government.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the objection will
1)6 withdrawn
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
railroads in alabama.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 140) to renew certain grants of land
to the State of Alabama; which was considered
sis in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to revive and renew the grant of lands made to
the State of Alabama by the act of Congress
approved June 3,1856, entitled '' An act grant-
ing public lands, in alternate sections, to the
State of Alabama, to aid in the constrnctiou
of certain railroads in said State," to assist in
the building of a railroad from the city ot
Montgomery, Alabama, to some point on the
