1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4835
forth the date and place of the declaration of inten-
tion, the names of the persons who ^testified that
such applicant had resided in the United States for
four years and six months, and in the said State or
Teiritory for one year as aforesaid, the personal de-
scription ot the applicant in full, as set i* rtU in his
notice of application, and (he iact tli.'t (he said ap-
plicant has satisfied the court or commissioner that
the tacts set forth in 'he said not ice ot application
are true, and has complied with all the requirements
of the iaws as to nalnr.titz ilion. And a i eeoi d shal I
be kept by said eoutts of all pioeeedings had before
them relating to cases of naauiaiizatum; and tne
coiiimivsiyneirf snail, respectively, lnwke a record of
all sueh ptocoedmg had belore them, and leturn
the same within ten day* after t heir final determtn
ation, duly authenticated, to the district couit of
their rctopectivedibfricts, then to become and remain
a part of t he record,- of mi- h court.
Sse. •*. A ivi be it further cruicial, That the declar-
ation ot intention to become a eit.zen required by
law shall he made and filed tor one year and six
months before the making ot the application of any
alien to be naturalized ; but the adjudication ad-
min mg any  hen to the rights ot citizenship shall
be made and euteicd on record, and the certificate
of naturahz ition founded thereon shail have been
issued toi mx months hetoio such adjudication or
ceitifie:ite shail he effective.
• Skc.5. A ad be il farther enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the Seeietary ot Scatc to furnish to the said
courts-, in such quantities as the judges ot the said
courts sha(i certify to him to be necessary, blank
ceitificates of naturalization, thcioimoi which to be
prepared in conformity to this ana all other acts rel-
ative to the naturalization or aliens bv the Attorney
General ot the United States, piinied on paper so
manufactured and stamped as to guard against frauds
and c>u nteifeils and each certificate, when filled up,
shall he signed hy the judge, judges, 01 commissioner,
as the ease may be, and shall have theses! or the
court or of the commissioner attached; and the said
certificatesljall on its face &ta.te when it was issued
and wSien it 1* to take effect. And an account of the
number of blank certificates thus issued, and to
whom and when, -hall be kept in the Department of
State, and the judge ot the disincf court shall liave
the care and custody and keep an account of the cer-
tificates for his distuct, which account shall be open
to inspection, .ind shall issue to tbecoinmisj-ionerof
his <mtiiet,if any, such number of blank certificates
a* he may certify that ho will require, and shall j
leeeiveimm the commissioner the names of the per-
son^ to whom certificates have been iwied, together
with the refolds of proceedings thereon, before the
soid judge shall make to hun any further issue of
eei titivates.
Sec. (3. Ami he it further enacted. That every certifi-
cate of naturalization issued since July -i, i86S, and
prtor to the date hereof, in any city w hose population
exceeds one hundred thousand, shall not be evidence
of naturalization unless presented by the person
named therein to the said court or commissioner ot
the district where the said peison therein named
resides; and theeourt, if satisfied on examination of
the person so presenting said certificate, or by other
evidence, that the same is genuine and has been
obtained without fraud, shall indorse thereon the
word "approved," and place the seal and signature
of the court or the signature of the commissioner, as
the case may be, thereundei. And any certificate
of naturalization issued since the 4th of July, 186$,
and prior to the passage of this act, may bo pre-
sented by the person named therein to the said court
or commissioner of the district in which ho resides;
and the said court or commissioner shall, on exam-
ination of the person named in suid certificate, or on
other evidence, adjudge and determine whether the
said certificate is genuine and obtained without
fraud; and it the paid certificate be found so to be,
then it shall be indorsed " approved;" and if found
not to be genuine,or to havebeen obtained by fraud
or unlawfully, then it shall ho, indorsed "rejected,"
and he retained by the said court or commissioner.
And any certificate hereafter issued or hereafter
indorsed "approved," under the provisions of this
act, shail he conclusive evidence of the naturaliza-
tion of the peison named therein unless set aside as
hereinafter provided: And it if Jut titer provided,
That any certificate issued since July 4, 1863, and
Srior to the date hen of, and which shall not have
con presented and indorsed "approved" as afore-
said, shall be open to inquiry as to its validity when
presented to be used at any election or otherwise;
and if the judges, inspectors of elections, or other
tribunal before which the said certificate may be
piesented, shail bo satisfied, by the examination of
the person named in said certificate, or by other |
evidence that tne person named m said certificate j
has not resided in the United States lor five years .
prior to the date of said certificate, or that the same i
was obtained by fraud, or unl-nvluliy, or is eountei- j
left, then the said certificate shall beiejeeted. And !
when any certificate of naturaliz ition small be pre- i
scaled for the putposeof entitling the person named !
tlH-iein to vote at any election, it ■-hall be the duty j
of the judges or inspectors of such election to st^mp i
ot itidot-e thereon the word "used." with the date j
to Miruitv that the same has been piesented and i
u-al. or the word "rejected," with the date, to ms*- j
)j) ty I hat the same ha  been pr< sent ed and i ejected, J
the c i<e miy be. together with the signature !
stamped or wutten of ono at least of the judges or
inspectors of election so stamping or mdoising; and
it tlie judges or inspectors ot any election shall le-
iect any <i'ch certificate when presented to be used
at any election,they are hereby authoiized to retain
the said ceitifieate loi ten days thereafter; and if
any pioccedings are, within the ten days, taken
I either to abrogate and set aside the said certificate
1 ot the adjudication ot natut ablation, oi to punish the
, person who attempted to u^e thesuid certificate, then
the^aid certificate shaII be deposited with the dis-
trict court ot the district m which the said election
was held, that the Same may be ua.-d as evidence in
any such proceedings. And when any cleik of any
court shall furnish a copy of any naturalization cer-
j hficate heretofore or hereafter ls.-ued. sucn copy shall
; be on a different kind of paper than that herein pro-
1 vitied for original certificates, and shall be con<pieu-
j ou-dy marked "duplicate," by such clerk betore
I issuing the same.
j Seo. 7. Awl be it further enacted. That the children
, of person^ duly naturalized under the lawsot the
j United States, being under the age of twenl>-one
. years .it t he t me wnen the fat her or mother were or
, shall be so naturalized, shali.it dwelling in theUui-
( tea States at the time o! su-h nat utilization, be con-
! sideied as citizens thereof. When any alien shall
j have commenced proceedings tor his admission as a
! citizen ot the United States, under the provisions ot
| this act, shall die hemic lie is actually naturalized,
his children, being minors, or either of them, or his
i widow, uiay prosecute such application, and if it
■ shall appear to the court that such alien would, u
i living, be entitled to admi-^ion as a citizen, men
| such minor ehildieri and widow shall he entitled to
i all the lights and privileges of citizens of the United
i Stales upon taking the oath prescribed by law; and
any alien of tne ago of twenty-one years and up-
ward, wjio husenli.-acd or shall enlist in thearniKs,
in the Navy, or Marine corps of the United States,
ami has served one year, ami has been or shall be
hereafter honorably discharged, may, on proof there-
of, be admitted to become a citizen of the United
States upon his petition without any picvious dec-
laration of liis intention t>> bccomc such citizen:
Provtded, That he siiaU prove to the satisfaction of
the court«or commissioner that be has resided in the
State wherein his application is made one year at
fea^t next before the date ot su -h petition, and has
ail the other requisites of the law relative to natuial-
izttion.
fSKf*. B. And he itfaitliT cn-f'ed, That whenever
the district attorney in any district shall be informed
in and by the affidavit oi acrcdih'e person settmy
forth the grounds ot the bciief of th; affiant, that
s-ouic per.-on therein named lias in his or her pos^e-?-
s ioo or power a certificate of naturalization, or a
papei purporting to bo evidnnce that such pcr<on or
any peison lias ueen admitted a citizen of tne Uuited
States, and purporting :'Ko to have been issued by
some commissioner or coui t, State or national, hold-
ing his or its sessions withm the judicial district for
which such attorney acts, and < hat he verily believes
that su< b co  tifieate was knowingly procured or ob-
tained contiary to the true intent ami meaning of
the la vs existing at the date tneteof, or th.it the
same is false, foiged, or counterfeit, it shall be his
duty to apply to one of the courts of the United
States tor such di-tiict for an order on the party
holding such certificate or paper to appear before
said court on sorno, convenient day, to be named by
the judge thereof, and produce such certificate or
evidence of naturalization, and lodge the same with
the clcrk, and to show cause why such ceitifieate or
other paper should not be adjudicated false, forged,
fraudulent, or counterfeit; or if the same be other-
wise invalid, why his or her admission as a citizen
of the United Stares should uot be abrogated and set
aside; and thereupon it shall be the duty of the judge
holding such court, on filing the aflidavit afoiesaid,
to grant such order, and to give directions for the
service thereof on the party, wherever he or she may
be, as such judge may deem suitable and proper;
and oil such .ser\ ice being made it shall be the duty
oi the party named in the Older to appear in court at
the time specified and produce such certificate or evi-
dence of citizenship, lodging the same with the clcrk
of thocouit, and to submit to an examination under
oath, it'required hy the district attorney, touching the
genuineness of such certificate or evidence ot citizen-
ship, and touching the light of the party to bo Ad-
mitted a citizen at the dale thereof; and if such party
shall fail to appear at the time specified in the order
a nd submit to the examination aforesaid; or if he or
she shall tail to produce suoh certificate or evidence
aforesaid, or to show that the s tmc was not put, out
of his or her po^sesiion or power with intent to defeat
said proceeding, he or she shall be deemed guilty of
a contempt, and snail be punched theiefor by im-
prisonment until he or she shall comply with such
order or be discharged by the court. But it may be
shown that sucn certificate or other evidence of citi-
zenship has been lost or destroyed: and thedistiict
attorney may produce any other competent evidence
to shovV that such certificate or other paper is not
guiiuinw or valid, or that the party before the court
was not. at the date theieof, entitled to be admitted
a citizen oi the United btales under the laws thereof
then cX'Ming; c.nd the judge having heard the par-
tiej hbail find whither such certificate is or is not
genuine or valid, or, if genuine and valid, whether
th" same was or was not knowiugly piocured or
obtained contrary to then existing Saws; and shall
thereupon prouounce a judgment in the premises,
either affirming t he i ightof such party to be a citizen
ot the "United States or debarring him iheiefiom,
avoiding to the merits of ■ ach ease: /VoyWerf.That
no ftatement which the parly thus examined may
make shail be adduced as evidence against him in
any ci imiual on-sec ution othei than for the crime of
peijuu committed on such examination: Provided
further, That the judge holding such court may refer
anv case arising und-r this section to one ot the com-
missioners named in this act for tnal and adjudica-
tion, who m.">v exercise all the powers hctein con-
ferred upon the court itself, except to puuish lor
contempt, which a commissioner may do only m
casesof oontcmpt occurring before hmiselt, and then
in pursuance ot an order of the court made on report
°it.ic facts oy the commissioner to the couit.
Sec. J. Ana be it jarrher eiuictrd, That if any per-
son shall knowingly make, sign, is^ue, or execute,
in whole or m part, or knowingly cause or procure
to be made, signed, issued, executed, m whole or in
part, any certificate of citiacn&hip which is lah--e or
untrue, or any certificate oi citizenship wnich shaif
be known to sucn person to be intended to be in any
way used by any person othei than the person to
whom it >s lawfully issued, such person shall bo
deemed guilty ot a misdemeanor, and upou con-
viction shail be punished by linpiisonment for a
term not less than six months nor more than two
: yeai s. or be fined a sum not exceeding si.GiA), or both.
I And it any peison shall ootain, accept, receive, or
, Use any certificate of citizensuip kn-nvn to suchpei-
j fcou to have been procured by fraud or by the u^e of
i any lal^e name, or by means of any lalse statement,
; dielaraUon, or notice made with intent to procure,
< or to aid in piocurmg, tiic is-uc ot such certificate,
! such person snail be deemed guilty of a un<de-
j meanor, and upon conviction be punished by im-
* prisonment tor a term not less than six months nor
j more than two years, ana fined a sum not exceeding
; fei.OJU. or both. Arid it any pe.ison shall falsely make,
lorge, or counterteit any certificate of citizenship,
! or shall aid oi assist in the t.tlso making, iorging, or
| counterfeiting ot any cert,tic,Ue ot citizenship, such
j person shall be deemed gunty ot feiony, and uynn
conviet'ou shall be punished by linpiisonment n.t
haul labor tor a tei m not le-s th m one year ami not
exceeding thtee N_eai<, and be fined a sum not ex-
ceeding If any person snail, in any manner
or lor any purpose, use, or attempt to Use, or a d, or
as-ist, oi participate m t he use ot any certificate ot
citizenship, knowing the same to be forged or coun-
terfeit, or knowing the same to have been procured
by iraud, or in violation of any ot the pi ovisions of
this act, such person shall r>e deemed guilty ot a mis-
demeanoi, and upou conviction be punished by 1111-
pi isonmeut at haid labor lor a term ot not le-ss than
one year and nut exceeding two years, or be fined a
( sum not exceeding &1.0JU, or both. If any person
j shall sell, dispose of, furnish, or utter, or attempt to
sell, dispose of, furnish, or utter, or aid or assist iu
selling, deposing of, fuinishing or uttering any ccr •
tifieate of Citizenship, with intent that the'same
shail be in any way usea by any poison other th m
the person for whom r uch certificate is intended
and to whom it was issued, such person shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon con-
viction snail be punished by linpiisonment lor a
teim not le<3 than six months nor more than two
years, or by a line not exceeding 61,000, or both.
And if any person shall m any way use or attempt to
u-$e, by way ol evidence of ln«i citizenship, anj cer-
tificate of citizenship wnich shail not have been
issued to such peison by the court whence the same
shall puipoit to have been issued, sucn person shall
be deemed guilty ot a misdemeanor, and upon con-
viction be punished by imprisonment for a term not
less than six months nor more than two years, or
fined not exceeding SI,00s), or both. £f any person,
without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie
on the person accused,) shail knowingly have or bo
possessed ot any lalse, forged, or counterfeit certifi-
cate of citizenship, knowing such certificate to be
false, forged, or counterfeit, every person so offend-
ing, and every person knowingly and willfully aid-
ing, abetting, or assisting any person in committing
any such offense ay aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty
of a misdemeanor; and, being thereof convicted,
shall bo liable to be punished by imprisonment for a
term not exceeding one year, or be fined a sum not
exceeding $1,000. If'any poison applying for or pro-
curing, or attempting to procuie any certificate of
citizenship, or making any declaration of intention,
or giving or fil ing any notice to apply for naturali-
zation shall willfully use or employ any false or ficti-
tious name oi place ot abode, or other false or ficti-
tious description of himself or any other person or
supposed peison, or shall knowingly make any false
statement, such person shall be adjudged guilty ot a
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
imprisoned for a term not less than s>x months nor
more than oneyear, or be fined not exceeding "Si,hO'J.
Sec. 10. And be it jii--thcr enachd. That it any per-
son or persons shall willfully and maliciously dis-
quiet or disturb, or incite others to disquiet or disturb
any sitting of a courtorcommissioner uuder thcpio-
visions of this act, or shall in any way molest, dis-
turb, or misuse, or incite others to molest, distuib
or misuse any judge or commissioner, while so em-
ployed, such person shall bedeemed guilty of amis-
deuieanor, and upon conviction be punished by
imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months,
or be fined a sum not exceeding $I,0j0.
Sec. 11. Ami bait further cn<icted. That for thes^r-
vices required by this orany other act relating totho
naturalization of thens the following, find no other,
fees shall lie taken, namely. for taking and filing, or
for filing the declaration of intention of any alien
to become acitizen, and th e affidavits rcl at in sr thereto,
filty cent^; for determining whcthei the uuen shall
in shall not be adjudicated a citizen, ^1 5 J; for eae.i
day's service by any commissioner m taking ton-
mony, six dollars, and at that latefor any poition
of a day of eight hours ; the applicant and the pai ty
opposing any application each paying for the testi-
mony by them respectively taken ; and the samek-ed
shall be allowed lor authenticated copies of pro-
ceedings in naturalization as are allowed fin* i-ke
service to United States commissioners; and no fees
shall be allowed for issuing the certificate of nat;
uializaiion. And if any gieater fee for service-11 el-
aivc to naturalization than those authorized by law
