1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3891
hundred, then; and three times seven hundred
would be twenty-one hundred. That would be
but $210,000, instead of four or five hundred
thousand dollars. I will offer as an amend-
ment to the section the words *' but the num-
ber of second, third, and fourth class clerks
shall not be increased by this section."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois to the amendment reported from
the Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is now on concurring in the amendment as
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for a division of the
question, so that we may take it first on that
part which proposes to increase the grades
already existing, for this is a grade by law;
and then to take it on the second proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that that is
not in order. Can an amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole be divided ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he is not apprised as to the usage of
the Senate; butby parliamentary law an amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the Whole
is not divisible.
Mr. HAMLIN. Any proposition that con-
tains within itself two distinct questions that
may each stand alone and be perfected may
alwavs be voted upon separately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this is a report of
the Committee of the Whole, and we have
adopted a certain amendment to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not care if it comes
from forty committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate. He is not
apprised as to what their usage has been ; but
by parliamentary law an amendment reported
from the Committee of the Whole is not divis-
ible. The Senator from Maine thinks it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. It has been done a thousand
times in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule states:
If the question in debate contains several points
any Senator may have the same divided.
The language of the rule is very broad; but
it has never been held upon a bill which con-
tains several points that there could be a
divided vote on the passage of the bill. The
Chair understands that while an amendment
is pending in Committee of the Whole, and
before it is agreed to be reported, it is suscep-
tible of division; but when reported it is not.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only desire to say that
I have seen this thing done more than a hun-
dred times since 1 have been a member of this
body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have never seen it
done in the Senate. If there are several
amendments we vote upon them separately.
That is often done.
Mr. HAMLIN. Anything that contains dis-
tinct propositions may be divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate. The Chair
is informed that the usage has been in accord-
ance with what the Chair has stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is my recollection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not assume to determine, for he does not him-
self know what the usage of the Senate has
been. The Chair will submit to the Senate
the question whether this amendment can be
divided.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 15, noes 2-1,
So the Senate decided that the question was
not susceptible of division.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I inquire if this amend-
ment, is now subject to amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to strike out the
first clause.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
The words proposed to be stricken out will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows :
That the compensation of the female clerks, copy-
ists, and counters employed in the several Depart-
ments and bureaus, whose appointments are made
by the several heads of Departments under the pro-
visions of law, shall, from and after tho 30th day of
Juno, 1870, be the same as male clerks performing
the like or similar services; and it shall be the duty
of the several heads of Departments so to classify
said female employes as to carry out tho provisions
of this section; and the amount necessary to pay the
increased compensation herein provided for for tho
year ending June 30,1871, is hereby appropriated
out of any money in tho Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now let the Secretary read
what will remain.
The Chief Clerk. If the amendment to
the amendment be agreed to the amendment
will read:
And be it further cnacted, That tho heads of the
several Departments are hereby authorized to op-
point female clerks who may be found to be compe-
tent and worthy to any of the grades of clerkships
known to tho law in the respective Departments,
with the compensation belonging to the class to which
they are appointed. But the number of second,
third, and iourtli class clerks shall not be increased
by this section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish- to say
that if this amendment prevails the whole
object is defeated. There is no law now that
prevents the appointment of female clerks.
If it is the opinion of the Senate that they
shall not be put upon the same footing with
male clerks they wiil so vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
get through. I rose to call the Senator to
order: but he has taken his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am through; but I
have no objection to being called to order.
[Laughter.] I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Illinois
rose to say what would be the effect if this was
stricken out. I wish to say that if it is not
stricken out the effect will be to increase the
expenses of this Government from four to five
hundred thousand dollars a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have just shown that
that is not so by the statement of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Order.
Mr. YATES. I agree with my colleague on
this question. I am sure no Senator on this
floor who will reflect for a moment will vote
that one person who does as much work as
another shall not receive an equal compensa-
tion. That proposition is not according to our
theory of equality. It is not according to our
theory of equality of rights.
Mr. President, on the other side of the Cham-
ber oar Democratic friends cannot vote against
it because there is no " color" in it exceptwhat
is fair and lovely and beautiful. The question
is whether when we are advocating equality of
rights, equality of labor, equality of wages, uni-
versal equality everywhere, we shall say that a
person on account of his or her sex shall not
receive equal compensation with a person of
the other sex. 1 trust that there will be no
such distinction made. There need not be one
dollar more of expense simply because this new
feature is introduced into our legislation.
Why, Mr. President, there is a new order of
things. We have a new Constitution. The old
one is repaired and fitted up till itis new, bright,
and shining as the sun in the heavens; bright
and shining with light, freedom, liberty, equal-
ity, equality of wages, equality to the poor and
to the rich ; and, sir, I cannot conceive that a
man lias one particle ofgallantry, to say nothing
of love of liberty, who will say that a lady who
can do equal service with a man and perform
the same labor, standing over a counter or a
desk, should not have equal compensation. I
would hate to put my vote on such a record. I
have voted to bring up the African to my level,
to my standard of equality; and now, sir, surely
I will not vote against bringing up the female
portion of our citizens to an etjual level with
ourselves. If they cannot perform the labor
it belongs to the Departments to refuse them
these places; but if two persons presented
themselves before a commissioner of one of
the bureaus on equal qualifications, and I had
to decide the question, I would decide all the
time in favor of the woman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] to the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragm, Drake, Hamilton of
Maryland, Ilamlm, Howe, McCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson. Pratt, Ramsey,Sawyer, Sher-
man, Sprague, and Williams—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Cass.erly, Davis, Kerry,
Flanagan, -Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, llarlan, Har-
ris, Howell, Johnston, McDonald, Morton, Osborn,
Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, Seott, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton. Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Wil-
ley, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Caltell, Colliding, Edmunds,
Fenton, Gilbert, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Pomeroy, lievels, Robertson,
lloss, Schurz, Thayer, Thurman. Warner, and Wil-
son—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreeing to the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, as amended, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know that it is at
all demanded that I should assign a reason for
the course I take upon this matter; but I have
One reason which is all-sufficient, and I desire
to put it on record, so that it may be under-
stood why I vote as I do. I believe that the
gentlemen who are pi'essing this amendment
upon the Senate to increase the compensation
of the female clerks are doing the worst injury
to those female clerks that they can do. They
do it from motives of friendship; but they are
the worst enemies, in my opinion, that the
female clerks have; for just as soon as you
put tho compensation of female clerks upon
the same basis with that of the men they will
every one of them in the course of one or two
years be displaced, and their places will be
filled by men inevitably, in my opinion. Wish-
ing to keep them there, and to give them the
employment they have, I vote against this prop-
osition altogether and all the time, in order
that they may be saved from being driven out
of the Departments.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If that be so, it will
be owing to an act of injustice by those who
have the power of employing the clerks, and
because they will not have manliness enough
and principle enough to do what is right,
regardless of political consequences and the
Supposed overshadowing power of man.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have the
pending question reported again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will be again reported. It has not been
changed, except by the amendment agreed to
this morning. It will be reported as amended.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
amended, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the compensation
of tho female clerks, copyists, and counters employed
in the several Departments and bureaus, whose ap-
pointments aromado by thesevcralheadsol Depart-
ments, under tho provisions of law, shall, from and
after the 30th day of June, 1870, bo the same as rule
clerks performing the like or similar services; and
it shall be the duty of the several heads ol Depart-
ments so toUassity said female employs as to euiry
out tho provisions of this section : and the amount
necessary to pay the increased compensation herein
provided for for the year ending June 30, 1371. is
hereby appropriated out of any money in tho iie-'ifc-
ury not otherwise appropriated. And the beans of
the several Departments aro hereby aurhomea lo
appoint female cleiks who may be found to he com-
petent and worthy to any of the grades oi cterKsu .ps
known to the law in the respective Jjepartmcti.s,
with the compensation bolongingto (boelats to wnieu
they are appointed. But the number of second, til ltd,
and fourth class clerks shall not bo increased by mis
section.
