2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2o,
Alabama afldTennessee State line, in, the direc-
tion of Nashville, for the use and benefit of the
Sooth and North Alabama Railroad Company,
subject to all the conditions and restrictions
contained in the act referred to, and subject to
the farther limitation that if the railroad is not
completed within three years from the passage
of this act no .further sale shall be made for the
benefit of the road and the lands unsold shall
revert to the United States. By this bill the
right, power, and authority is given to the com-
pany named*to take from the public land adja- ,
cent to the lines of the railroad, earth, stone,
and other materials for the construction thereof;
and the right of way is granted to the extent
of oiie hundred feet in width on each side of
the railroad where it may pass over the public
.lands, including all necessary grounds for sta-
tions and structures connected therewith, not
exceeding forty acres at any one station.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third' time, and passed.
' salaries OS judges,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 306) to increase the salaries of the
Chief Justice and associate justices of the
Supreme Qoart of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.; It will be
, passed over..
SUITS OP STATES. •
The neoct bill on the Caleftdar was the bill j
(S. No. 339) giving priority to certaia cases to
which a State is a party in the courts of the
United States; which was considered as in
Committed of the Whole. The bill provides
that in all salts and actions either at law or
in chancery now pending, or that may here-
after be brought in any of the courts of the
United States (whether original suits in the
courts of the United States or brought into
those courts by appeal, writ of error, or re-
moval from any State court) wherein a State
is ai p&tfy, or where the execution of the rev-
enue laws ©f nay State may be enjoined or
suspended, it shall be the duty of any court in
which such cause may be pending to give such
cause the preference and priority overall other
ciyil^<;au?es pending in such court; and the
Statfe^ the execution of whose revenue laws is
enjoined or suspended, shall have a right to
have soch cause heard at any time after such
cause is docketed in such court, in preference
to any other civil c&usepending ia such court.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill witjh amendments.
The first- amendment was in line nine, to
strike out the worit " suspended" and insert
"stayed by judicial order or processafld in
line 6levetl, to insert after the word '' pendiflg''
'"'on sufficient reason shownand in lure
thirteen, after IJie word "Court" to insert
" betwfeeii private partiesso as to Te&d: >
Or where the execution of t^e reveimb laws
any State may been] oined or stayed by j udicial order
i ftp pyo«es8, itshali .be the duty^any court in which
such cause may he.pending, oti sufficient reason
shown, to give such daniie the preference and priority
over all other civil causes pending in Bu©h court
between private parties.
The amendments were agreed to..;
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the bill the words "between private
parties." .
The amendment spas agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate ag amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed., , : .
; / BOXS; PASSED OVER. , ,
The llext bill on the Calendar was the; bill
(S. No. '290) to secure a d protect the freedom
of transit within the;United StateB, reported
adversely by tike Committee on the Judiciary,
Mb WILSON. Let that be passed over.
Mr. SHBRM AN.. We had better postpone it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would move to post-
pone it indefinitely; but I think the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who introduced
it, asked to have it go on the Calendar; and I
do not see him in his seat. Let it be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay it on the
table; and then he can call it up if he desires
to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better be
left on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; but it only
encumbers the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator from Indi-
ana is absent, I think it had better be left on
the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let it remain
on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be considered as objected to and passed over,
and remain on the Calendar.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 385) to prevent the collection Of taxes
on property exempt from taxation, reported
adversely by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I think that is another
bill of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill was
introduced by the Benator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) declaring that
no State has power to enforce any tax or duty
upon any passenger traveling into, through, or
from," to any other State, Territory, or district
of the United States, and has no power by
contract with any corporation or individual
engaged in the transportation of passengers,
or as a condition in any charter, to reserve to
itself, any portion or part of the gross receipts
from such passengers; and that "it is the duty
of Congress, by appropriate legislation, to pre-
vent the collection of sucht^xes or duties upon
passengers* reported adversely by the Commit-
tee on the J udiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is another meas-
ure that was introduced by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] declaratory of certain
rights, and the Committee on the Judiciary
reported adversely. I move that it be passed
over, because lie Senator from Indiana is not
in; otherwise I should move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The PRESIDING OtFICER.' the joint
resolution wilj be regarded as objected to, and
.passed over. ' ; !
jaA.EPl:a'a camBuertY- ,
The next bwsitiess-oii' thd Calendar was the
joint resolution. ^ Ri No. 7-2) providing for
the repair of tke aneioiure of the cemetery at
Harper's Ferfyyj West Virginia; which was
considerediftOotnmittee of the Whole. It
proposes,-OB6 of the proceeds of the: sale
recently made by the Secretary, of War of
the public property at Harper's Ferry, West
Virginia, to. appropriate $1,500, or so much
thereof as sfiajl be necessary, to repair the
inclosure of the cemetery at Harper's Ferry,
to be expended for that purpose under the
direction of the Secretary of War. ,
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ARMY AND NAVY OFFICERS' ACCOUNTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 459) to authorize the settlement of the
accounts of tike officers of the Army and Navy;
which was considered as in Committee of. the
Whole. The first section proposes to author-
ize the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, in the: settlement of the accounts of dis-
bursing officers of the War aud Navy Depart-
ments arising since the commencement of the
rebellion, and prior to the 20tli day of August
1866, to allow such credits for overpayments'
and for losses of funds, vouchers, and property'
as they may deem just and reasonable when
recommended under authority of the Secreta-
ries of War and Navy, by the heads of the
military and naval bureaus to which such
i accounts respectively pertain. The second
; section declares that the accounts (originatiti"-
prior to August 20, 1866) of military and naval
1 officers, whether of the line or staff, for Gov-
ernment property charged to lliem, may be
closed by the proper accounting officers when-
ever, in their j udgment, it will be for the interest
of the United States so to do.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in regard
to this bill that several of the officers of the
Departments have been recommending for two
or three years past the passage of a bill of this
character. The Committee on Military Affairs
have held it back with a view of having the
Government Settle all these accounts that it
was possible to settle, and save every dollar
that could be saved to the Government. It is
now represented that these accounts have been
nearly all settled that can be settled in any
way ; and therefore the committee report this
bill, which authorizes the Departments to ex-
amine and settle these old accounts. Many
of them are very small indeed; but the pro-
vision is necessary to settle them.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. This is an extraordinary
bill. I should be very glad to furnish some
relief to these officers if it can be done safely.
I ask that the bill be read again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The second section makes
«very accounting officer an eiquity judge, and
gives him the most extraordinary powers that,
I suppose, were ever conferred upon any officer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Letthe bill be passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, in my judg-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to its
going to any committee, if there is any doubt
about the phraseology of the bill. It has been
examined by several officers connected with
the Government, and has been recommended
for several years. It lias got to be done some
time. I haye held back against any bill of this
kind until this session. It ought to have been
passed, I suppose, three years ago, but I
thought it better to allow the Departments to
settle every dollar that could possibly be settled
without any interference of this kind. I am
willing the bill should go to the Committee on
j the Judiciary.
; „ The PRESIDING OFFICER. It ia moved
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
wish to say that my attention has . also been
. called to the hardship of much of the action
of the Departments in reference to officers' ac-
, counts, aud I should be very glad indeed to
. see some way provided by which a proper tri-
bunal might pass in a preliminary way upon
- these various accounts; but the second section
, of this bill authorizes an accounting officer to
; close any account at his discretion.
■ Mr. WILSON.. No; on the recommendation
of the War or Navy Department.
| Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the second sec-
| tion be read again. The first section is better
1 guarded than the second section.
The Secretary read as follows:
ShC. 2. And bait further enacted, That the accounts
; .of military and. naval officers, whether of the liae or
, staff, for Government property charged to them, may
be closed by the prbper accounting officers whenever,
in their judgment, it will be for the interest of the
United States so to do: Provided, Thatsuoh accounts
originated prior to the 20th day of August, 1866.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some of the Govern-
ment officers have accounts to the. amount of
$100,000,000. I happen to know 0f one who
has accounts to that amount for Government
