2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be directed, to inquire and report what
further legislation, if any, is required to secure the
regular monthly payment of the salaries of the teach-
ers in the public schools of Washington city.
E. M. YER8ER.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit, for consideration at the present time,
the following call for executive information:
Resolved, That the President bo, and he is hereby,
requested to communicate to this House, if not incon-
sistent with the public interest, the reasons for tho
transfer of E. M. Yorker, the murderer of Colonel
J oseph Crane, from the custody of tho military forces
of the United States to tho civil authorities of the
State of Mississippi; and that ho transmit to this
House any information in his possession connected
with the case of said Yerger.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let it go over till
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution is not before tho House.
NATIONAL ASYLUM MR DISABLED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 194)
granting condemned guns to the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers; which
was read a first and second time.
Tho question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call theprevious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENDITURES ON PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures on
the Public Buildings be, and hereby is, directed to
investigate tho manner in which tho expenditures
uvo mado ou public buildings, particularly those
under the direction of tho supervising architect of
the Treasury Department, with power to send for per-
soua and papers, and to report by bill or otherwise.
I ask that the Clerk read a letter I send to
his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Departmjwt,
Om'ice op SupERvisixa Architect,
March 15, 1870.
SiE: Will you obligo mo by domanding in my bo-
half an investigation into the charges mado against
me in tho debate yesterday; and also into the manner
in which I havo conducted my offico, and into every
contract mado by me or under my supervision ?
I neither fear investigation, nor shall X resign to
escape it.
Very respectfully, A. B, MULLET,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. Robert C. Scixenck.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
resolution read by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Soiienok?]
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I object.
samuel 1'. butterworth.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken irom the Speaker's table, out of
its regular order, a bill ot the Senate, No. 349,
ior the relief of Samuel F. Butterworth, in
order that the same may be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
No objection was made; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
EASTERN CI1EROKJSES.
Mr. SARGENT. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to take from tlie Speaker's table for ref-
erence a bill of the Senate, No. 64G, providing
for the payment of the expenses of the delega-
tion of Eastern Cherokees. !
No objection was made; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second tim«, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
various votes of reference and recommitment
just taken; and I also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
Mr. McCRARY was granted leave of absence
until the 1st of next month.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one ol' its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a joint
resolution of the House of the following title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) relative
to the legislative fund of Washington Territory.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill, in which the
concurrence of the House was. requested, of
the following title:
A bill (S. No. 495) to confirm certain entries
of public lands, in certain cases, in the State
of Alabama.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
now suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whola upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and rs-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, the discussion
of the tariff is periodical in this country. It is
the one thing that can never be settled. How-
ever other party shibboleths may rise, decline,
and pass away, this one at least is everlasting.
It has that wonderful flexibility which adapts
it to every emergency. From the time that
General Jackson declared himself in favor of
"a judicious tariff" until the present it has
afforded convenient shelter for a multitude of
tempest-tossed politicians. They are all in
favor of the judicious tariff without exception.
General Brinkerhooff, speaking for the free-
trade league to a western audience not long
ago, proceeded to explain the meaning of " free
trade," and certainly if any words need a defi-
nition these do. He said free trade meant a
proper tariff for revenue so arranged as not to
give anybody the advantage of anybody else,
but to subserve the interests of all alike. It
is to be supposed that nobody hereafter will be
in doubt as to what is free trade.
Supposing that the country is now a little at
leisure, our great contest being closed, and feel-
ing perhaps that almost any new issue will be a
relief from the terrible monotony of a ten years'
series of defeats, both in field and forum, our
friends of the Democratic opposition have
seized upon the occasion to make the assanlt
upon the tariff, for which they are always ready.
That is a subject that is always in order. It
has the advantage, too, of being in some degree
sensational, because it disturbs business and
occasions alarm. It will not be difficult at any
time to arouse tho country thoroughly upon this
question, and especially at the present, in con-
sequence of the peculiar situation of the nation
in a financial point of view. We are deeply in
debt, and must constantly and earnestly be con-
sidering how to pay. The taxation is neces-
sarily large in amount, and the currency is still
the war legal tender, which cannot be kept at
par with gold. The people are anxious about
all these things, and d#eply in earnest to find
out the right way. They have shown unmis-
takably that they intend to pay all their debts,
to preserve their honor, and to keep the flag
flying. Under these circumstances we are
advised to overturn our whole system of tariff
legislation and to reconstruct upon altogether
different principles. But it is evident that this
should not be done without the strongest reason.
If there is any subject of legislation wherein
stability and permanence are desirable it is
this. It concerns the revenues and as well the
entire business of the country. We are in no
condition to enter upon hazardous experi-
ments. Capital invested in great enterprises is
in danger of being destroyed by unlooked-for
changes in the laws. Investments are prevent-
ed by the uncertainty which agitation creates.
Labor lets fall its implements and business stag-
nates when the wisest men cannot tell what ia
safe. "Let us alone, let us alone," is the anx-
ious cry of all the industries. To this course
the President and Secretary of the Treasury
earnestly advise, both on account of the rev-
enues and the great and increasing prosperity
of our manufacturing and producing industries.
And it would seem that this is only the demand
of good sense. Our successes in this direction
have surpassed all expectation. The debt,
which seemed a burden too heavy to be borne,
has been carried easily, and begins to grow
lighter upon our shoulders. Even the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, whose chronic
discontent is sad to behold, admits "the appar-
ent continuance of that same wonderful ratio
of progress and development which with the
exception of a period of war has especially
characterized the annual history of the nation
for the last quarter of a century."
Considering all that the nation has passed
through in the last ten years, the "apparent
continuance of that same wonderful ratio of
progress and development" is surprising
enough, I think, to lead a thoughtful man to
doubt whether, after all, the laws under which
this has occurred have been so very unwise;
and whether on the whole it will not be better
to continue to pursue substantially the same
course which has thus far resulted so favorably.
Theiniquitous tariff, as some gentlemen persist
in characterizing the present law, has not, to
say the least, been able to interrupt the con-
tinuance of our wonderful progress. The mis-
chiefs it has wrought do not seem apparent to
the keenest vision. Nevertheless, the free-
traders have discovered a terrible danger.
There is a surplus. The Secretary of the
Treasury does not seem -to be alarmed at it;
neither does the President. But these gentle-
men assure us that it is a most serious thing,
and should be looked to at once. "What will
youdowith the surplus?" theycry. "Payyour
debts with it," says the Secretary, mildly.
Strengthen your credit until you can fund at a
low rate of interest and relieve the people of
half their burden at onee; then we will see
about the surplus. But this does not satisfy
them. Their old enemy, the protective tariff,
is the guilty cause of this surplus. Moreover,
it has disappointed them, as all its predeces-
sors have done. They have been predicting
all along that there would be no surplus, but
rather a deficiency. They have been habitually
desponding about our ability to pay the public
debt at all, and have wept profusely over the
sufferings of the people to be incurred in a vain
effort to raise a sufficient revenue to meet the
national obligations. They were opposed to
the protective character of the tariff because it
sacrificed the revenues. Now, however, their
distresses are of an opposite character. There
is too large a revenue by half. In spite of all
the stealings and corruptions of the Radicals
there is a prodigious surplus. They must be
rid of thi3, undoubtedly, or they are ruined
altogether.
Most naturally in this emergency they have
organized a raid upon the tariff. The campaign
was quite dexterously contrived. It was opened
by the Free-Trade League of Now York city, the
organ of the great importing interest, which gets
its sinews ol war from the deep coffers of the
British manufacturer. Professor Perry, one of
the schoolmen, was employed to makeatour of
