1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
of the amount of circulation needed "by the
people, but upon the basis of a practicable
correspondence in amount with the quantity
of gold in the country. This is an erroneous
theory. We may have too little gold for the
use of the country. It is probable that we have
three dollars in paper where we have one in
gold; at best the disparity is very great. The
proposition to reduce the currency to a sura
that will enable us to redeem it in gold is determ-
ining the amount of circulation, not by the
exigencies of the people, but by the amount of
hard money we happen to possess. We have
not gold enough by a long way; and I do not
see how we are to become possessed of more
with our present policy.
Fifty men in New York cau purchase all the
gold the nation has on hand, and have it deliv-
ered to them for the purpose of hoarding.
What would become of the means to redeem
the eurrency.in that event? If at the moneyed
centers the circulation can be held so as to
oppress the producing districts until prices of
products go down, how much easier is it for
the same men to buy up all the gold and hold
it until the premium goes up to any point they
may designate ? Where is the relief in such
case? Is it in a foreign gold loan ? The very
proposition would lower the price of our bonds
in Europe to a ruinous, disgraceful extent. In
the last twenty-two years California alone has
produced gold and silver to the amount of
$1,000,000,000. The other gold regions in the
West have produced $250,000,000 more, be-
sides some small amounts have been produced
elsewhere. Taking into account the gold on
hand in 1848, and the sums received from the
mines since that time, the aggregate will not
be less than fifteen hundred millions. Besides
our bonds held in Europe were sold for gold
or its equivalent.
WThat has become of all this? It has gone
out of the country to pay balances of trade
against us. It has been shipped away con-
stantly, with exceptional intermissions, until
the ability of the country to command this
article is but little greater in actual amount
than it was before the discoveries on the Pacific
coast, and mnch less as compared with the
population and business of the country at that
time. It is doubtful if in the last three years
the mines have produced gold and silver to
the amount of $160,000,000, while the sums
exported to square up the balance-sheets of
iuternational trade reach the enormous aggre-
gate of $181,000,000, not to mention the sums
sent abroad to pay the interest on the public
and private bonds held there. Let us not talk
about crippling the demands of business, or
the energies of the people, by reducing the
currency so as to make it practicable to redeem
with our insufficient quantity of coin ; but, on
the contrary, let us rather increase the amount
of gold in the country, until there is sufficient
to redeem all the currency the country requires.
If we did not possess rich mines of gold and
silver, our condition, to my mind, would be
one of hopeless insolvency; for I am not so
sanguine as to hope that the balance of trade
will turn speedily in our favor. Our safety
now lies wholly in the adoption of a policy
that will retain in the country for a series of
years our entire coin productions. If our past
policy has permitted us to be thus depleted of
our available wealth, we must change it. Let
us first find out what that policy has been,
and then it will be easy to determine what it
should be.
A foreigner, distinguished for observation
and as a writer, asserted just before the com-
mencement of the rebellion, that hitherto
America had been wholly engaged in the work
of colonization, and had censurably neglected
the work of organization. It was a truth then,
and is little less than the truth now. The terri-
torial domain was imperial in extent. Our
ambition was to admit new States at the cost
of attenuating population. Capital sought no
investment except in opening up new territories,
and labor, in main part, knew but the occupa-
tion of the farm. In the North the cry was
"Westward, everwestward I" until pioneer life
and pioneer enterprises became the passion of
the northmen of America. In the South there
was a mania for large landed estates—more,
land and more slaves—as if the country were so
illimitable that density of population would be
impossible in any comprehensible time. The
whole country, North and South, was absorbed
in the idea that but one occupation need be
pursued, and that all human wants could be
supplied without encouraging any others. The
result was an excess of one thing, and destitu-
tion or paucity of all others; apparent wealth
and practical poverty; a great people and a
sparse population; abundant resources and
nothing at command ; a people intelligent and
energetic, but without system or skill; aGovern-
ment that had existed for two generations, but
it was without internal power. Everything was
superficial and unsubstantial except the real
but undeveloped capacities of the country and
the people. It is not wonderful that with such
an experience and career we should shrink
from the immense responsibilities so suddenly
thrown upon us, and which impose heavy tax-
ation upon our material resources.
Changes, however, have been very great in
the last decade, and not all have grown out of
the war. 11 has given us a ponderous debt, but
it has added to our free laborers, to our citi-
zen population. Accretion has been at work,
in population, in wealth, and in varied knowl-
edge and skill. We begin now to see the ne
plus ultra of colonization. We begin to recog-
I nize the duty and necessity of organizing and
I concentrating our energies as a people, and to
I amplify our industries. We have discovered
| that the headlong tide which has been sweeping
; toward the Pacilic, passed over undiscovered
many resources whose development is not only
necessary but profitable. It is now known
and appreciated that agriculture will owe much
of its probable future prosperity to the success-
ful pursuit of other industries. It is to be
hoped that the nation has come to realize that
as variety is a principle of nature, it is also
important to apply it to the business of the
country. The prosperity of one will promote
and influence all other industries. Occupa-
tions successfully carried on confer benefits
reciprocally*
As the public liabilities must be discharged
out of the property in the country, the richer
the nation the less will be the per cent, of
taxation, and the lighter will be the burdens.
Wealth is derived from two main sources, the
productions of the earth and the labor of the
people. Our policy should be adapted to the
development of both these sources. The earth
should be made to yield its fruits; the mines to
give forth their treasures, and the heads and
hands of the people should be able to find ample
and remunerative employment. Theproducts
of the earth and of labor must have consumers.
Producers and consumers are indispensable to
each other. Whenever there is a demand the
supply will not be slow iu coming. Not so
the reverse of the proposition, for snpply may
not always engender demand. The true theory
is to supply our own demands as far as it is
practicable.
Free trade is urged in behalf of two elasses
chiefly, the merchants and the agriculturists.
Merchants are intermediaries, making ex-
changes between the producers and consumers.
They rely upon the margins made in these ex-
changes. It is difficult to see what difference it
makes to them whether they are intermediaries
between the consumers and foreign or domestic
producers. They are after their profits. If
greater profits are made upon foreign products
than domestic, the promotion of their inter-
ests by free trade certainly does not help the
people; the merchants get the difference instead
of the Government.
The agriculturists are worthy of the highest
consideration. Their welfare, more than that
of any other class, will add wealth and pros-
perity to the country. Farmers must have a
demand for their products, and at compensa-
tory prices. The question as to what their mer-
chandise costs them is not so material as the
question as to the price they are to receive for
their surplus products. The amount added to
wealth depends upon the sum saved beyond the
expenses of living. If the farmer is able to save
a bushel of wheat when it is two dollars, his
wealth is increased twice as much as when his
wheat is but one dollar per bushel. As a rule,
the prices of farm products and of merchandise
keep pace with each other. Give the agricul-
turists an ample demand and they will always
obtain compensatory prices. The theory, then,
is to give them as much demand as possible ;
the supply will not be wanting. Will free trade
furnish the greater demand? It is probable
that the more we purchase of foreign nations
the more we shall sell to them of our agricul-
tural products. But I deny that in theory or
upon precedent the one would keep equal pace
with the other. Should our importations be
doubled, it cannot be successfully maintained
that our exports, exclusive of specie and bul-
lion, would also be doubled, though we have the
supply on hand to meet the increase of imports.
It is the policy of England, and of many of
the continental nations of Europe, to manu-
facture all they can for others, and at the same
time to raise their own breadstuff's with which
to feed their artisans and operatives, and also
the raw materials out of which their wares and
merchandise are manufactured. In this they
have succeeded most admirably, and have con-
stantly acted upon the principle of developing
to their highest capacities the main sources of
wealth. If Britain's shipping interest is in a
flourishing condition, it does not result from
carrying the grain and other products of the
soil from our ports to hers, but from the bring-
ing of her manufactured articles here, and
taking a homeward freight of specie and bul-
lion, or of raw materials to be converted into
fabrics by her people, and to be sold back to
us with the increase of value the labor of her
people has conferred. The statement is cor-
rect, in a general sense, that the manufactur-
ing nations of Europe produce the breadstuffs
to feed their whole populations, and that de-
mand from us is inconsiderable, except when
there is a short crop or a war in those conn-
tries. Therefore, the farmers in those coun-
tries find their demand in home consumption,
and additional riches are accumulated by the
sale of labor in the form of manufactured arti-
cles to nations which purchase abroad.
Now, suppose our own people manufacture
all they consume, more artisans and operatives
would be required. The supply would be taken
from the other classes, mainly from the agri-
cultural. This would not only increase the
demand for the farmer's products at home,
but must necessarily decrease the number of
this class of producers. The demand in such
case would be greater and the supply less. And
no transatlantic agriculturist could injuriously
compete with us for this domestic demaud.
It would inure wholly to the benefit of our own
tillers of the soil; and in case of short crops or
war abroad, the same extraordinary demands
of the past would be continued to us in future.
It is for the welfare- of the producers that all
practicable home industries should be encour-
aged by protection.
It is preposterous to advocate free trade, at
this time especially. It is contrary to the set-
tled policy of the world, and it cannot be the
policy of the United States until circumstances
shall have changed. If, in the early history
of the country, when population was small,
when capital was scarce, when the power and
adaptability of machinery were little known,
when our great natural resources were not
understood, and when to manufacture would
have brought the manly American laborer into
crushing competition with the oppressed Eu-
ropean laborer, free trade was "not accepted by
