1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8893
shall be -torn down and carted away at the
expense of the United States for the purpose
of enlarging the public grounds. 'If the cap-
ital is to be removed, of course this will not
only be useless, but a detriment to the city of
Washington. It will be t,he destruction of no
•inconsiderable portion of this beautiful city.
But, Mr. President, independent of the be-
lief entertained -by so many of t.he people of
the western States that the capital ought to be
and will be at an early period removed to a
more central position, as it seems to me, there
is no necessity for making this destruction of
property and the necessary appropriation of
money at this time. We have public grounds
east and west of the Capitol building to the
extent, I judge from the appearance, of some-
thing like thirty acres ; about twelve or fifteen
acres in a park at the east front of the Capitol,
and a park of equal or greater size on the west
front. This has proved to be sufficient for
public use now for more than half a century.
There would seem to be, therefore, no im-
mediate necessity for enlarging these grounds.
If the capital is to remain here, to be sure it
might be a convenience ; it might enhance the
beauty of the grounds ; it might contribute to
some extent to the pleasure of pleasure-seek-
ers, those who may desire to recreate in the
groves now growing on these premises, or
which may hereafter be planted. But, to say
Xhe most that can be said of it, it is but a luxury.
It is a proposition to enhance the pleasure of
members of Congress and the other officers
of the Government, and strangers who may
visit the Capitol, at the public expense.
There is 110 immediate public necessity for
this improvement, and as the people are now
very heavily taxed, it, would not seem to be a
very propitious time to thus enlarge the public
expenses. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance informed the Senate a few days
since that the people of this country are now
paying taxes for national purposes amounting
in the aggregate to about three hundred and
ninety-three million dollars per annum, and he
proposes to reduce them only to the amount
of about forty-three millions; so that the taxes
to be paid hereafter, if the financial measures
which he proposes shall be adopted, will reach
between three and four hundred millions. Of
that amount an average Stale of the Union,
like Iowa, will have to pay per annum over ten
millions, unless the tax laws shall be changed.
But if the reduction of taxes should take place
which he contemplates, the people of Iowa
would be required to pay between ^eight and
nine million dollars a year as their proportion
of the expenses of the national Government.
This would average eight or nine dollars per
annum for every man, woman, and child in
the United Stales, or about forty dollars per
annum for each family.
Now, sir, when the people are thus burdened
by national taxation is it right for their Rep-
resentatives at the national capital to increase
these burdens for purposes of luxury alone ?
It is merely a luxury and nothing else. There
is no public necessity for making this expend-
iture at the present lime, exeept to enhance
the pleasure ofpleasure seekers, those who may
desire to recline in the shade of the groves
located or to be located on these grounds.
Sir, I am not prepared to vote lor this prop-
osition. There is but one reason, as it appears
to me, that can be urged in opposition to the
view I have expressed, and that is that these
grounds may increase in value; that if the
capital should not be removed, if this should
remain as the permanent seat of Government
of the United States, these grounds will greatly
increase in value, so that if the enlargement is
over to occur it would be economical to make
ill'; jiiuehuse at once. It may be answered
that three fourths of the value of this property
consists in the tenements, private residences,
boarding-houses, and hotels located on'these
grounds. Ihe value of these edifices will not
increase with time, but greatly deteriorate with
the revolution of years. As time passes these
edifices will become less valuable than they are
at present. The only increment of value,
therefore, that can be considered in this dis-
cussion is the increase of the value of the land
occupied by these edifices, and in all human
probability the decrease of the value of the
houses standing on them will equal the in-
crease of the value of the lands ; so that in all
human probability the Government will be able
to purchase these premises at any time here-
after at as low a rate as they can be bought
now.
For these reasons, and others that I might
assign had my time not been limited to ten
minutes, I am not prepared to vote for this
amendment; and as I desire to record my vote
against it, before taking my seat I ask that the
question be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regret that
this question should be seriously agitated on
the part ofany Senator. It is damaging to our
character and to the stability of the Government
itself. Contrary to the opinion of the Senator
from Iowa, I am firm in my conviction that it
is fixed as fate or foreknowledge absolute, that
this capital never will be removed.
Mr. President, I will not go into the consti-
tutional question, although there is a gravity
about it which I would commend to Sena-
tors, for it must be conceded at once that the
constitution of 1789 never would have been
adopted had the old thirteen States supposed
in giving powerto admit new States, that those
new States would vote to remove the capital.
It must be obvious to every reader of our his-
tory that the Constitution under which we now
exist could not have been adopted had it been
so understood.
Mr. President, I deny that any considerable
portion of our people are in favor of the
removal of the capital. I claim that it is only
in very limited localities that such a feeling
exists. And where do they propose to have it
go? To St. Louis, a city in a State that would
have joined the rebellion and been a secession
State as much as South Carolina or Missis-
sippi, had it not been for the gallant efforts of
one single man, Frank P, Blair; and I desire
to do him so much of credit as to acknowledge
this, although his course subsequently has not
wholly met my approval.
But, Mr. President,, this matter is no new
question to the Senate. The substance of this
amendment has passed almost unanimously
when it has been on several occasions hereto-
fore introduced ; and now I only press it as a
question of economy. Had the bills on this
subject passed by the Senate at earlier periods
become a law, we should have saved at least
a quarter of a million dollars, one half the
present price; and if itshall be postponed now
for several years, it unquestionably will cost
double what these two squares can now be
obtained for.
The Senator from Iowa has this morning
voted for more than half as much annually to
tax the Government than this will cost, by
voting to raise the pay of mere counteis, little
girls without any families, rent, or taxes to
pay, with no expenses except their board ana
clothes, mere counters of scrip, up to the sal-
ary of a first-class clerk ; and that is to bo a
tax annually, while the amount proposed here
once paid, is for all time.
Now, Mr. President, any Senator here who
observes the higgledy-piggledy condition of the
Capitol grounds, jagged and unrounded out,
will see at once that they are disproportionate
to the present size of the Capitol. When the
old Capitol existed without these two immense
wings that have been added to it, perhaps the
grounds were large enough; but now they are
wholly inadequate, and it is impossible to obtain
a stand-point from which to look at the stately
and grand proportions of this building. It is
perfectly clear that these two squares that notch
in here ou the east side of the Capitol grounds
must and will at no remote period be obtained
for the purposes indicated in this amendment.
They never can be obtained at so little cost as
now.
It is for the credit of the Government, for
the credit of our people, that we shall not put
up such a building as this and then fizzle out
and say that we are not even able to fence it or
put it in decent and comely shape. No Sen-
ator with l\is own private grounds would hesi-
tate a moment about prompt and instant action.
It is a measure of true economy.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to go
beyond my five minutes, and as I see that I
have reached that limit, I take my seat.
Mr. YATES, I regret very much that I
have not here the resolutions of the State'con-
stitutiorial convention of Illinois, which has
just adjourned, on this subject of the removal
of the capital, to come in in aid of the resolu-
tions of the State Legislature of Iowa, which
have been presented by the Senator from that
State. Now, sir, let me say that I desire to
see these grounds improved. I never have
voted against such an appropriation while I
have been here, except that for the erection
of a building for the Department of State. I
would have everything correspond in magnifi-
cence and splendor to finish what w& have
begun, and I would vote every dollar that is
necessary for that purpose. I believe and know
that my constituents would be willing to sus-
tain me in that course ; but whether they would
or not 1 would vote it anyhow and take the
risk of the consequences. But, sir, the Sen-
ator from Vermont seems to treat the idea of
the removal of the capital as art idle thing, in
the face of the resolutions of the State Legis-
•lature of Iowa and of the unanimous vote of
the convention of the people of the State of
Illinois. Why, Mr. President, I stand here to
inform that Senator that he is mistaken ; that
this question has been decided. It has been
stated in the public press here and elsewhere
that the project for the removal of the capital
had received a black eye; that it, had been
ignored and voted down by the Senate. But,,
sir, I stand here now to predict as future history
that not one solitary member of Congress from
any northwestern State can be elected as Rep-
resentative to the House of Representatives
during the present fall, and come back here,
unless lie is pledged inviolably to the removal
of the capital to the Mississippi valley.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a single question? I
would bo perfectly willing, to day, to leave it
to the Senators from Iowa and Illinois whether
they would remove the capital. I desire to ask
the Senator, if he had the sole power himself,
would he remove the capital?
Mr. YATES. Why not? Where is the best
blood of Vermont except in the mighty West,
growing free and fresh there with renewed
enterprise and vigor, building up free institu-
tions, churches, schools, and colleges. Those
are the men of large possessions, immense
wealth, who are giving an impetus to our on-
ward march to imperial power and proud posi-
tion. Why not? Will it not be central to
New England? Does New England desire to
have the capital right under her fingers ? It
will be central to every portion of the United
States, North, West,, South, and East. It will
be upon our mighty river. It will be where
our railroads cross that river. It will be in
the center of a hundred States with a hundred
million people before long, comprehending the
commerce, the trade, the wealth, the power,
the literature, the greatness, and the grandeur
of our country. Why should it not go there?
Must we keep it here now when the majority of
the American people say that it shall go else-
where? The South will go for the removal wish
one voice. Already New England is crossing
our rivers with low bridges, obstructing the
commerce of the Mississippi, of the Ohio, and
of the Illinois, and other rivers, oostructing
the navigation of those great streams which
