1870.
THE' CO¥ORBS&ION!AIi GLOBE).
2949
property received and transferred from time
to time. Now, this would be a very great
power. In many cases I have no doubt the
officers ought to be relieved, but I think the
bill had better be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary orthe Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to go to tire
Committee on Finance. As it is a matter of
accounts I suggest its reference to that com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. To the first section I
have no objection. If the bill were confined
to that I should not object to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be referred. It
ought to be examined, as it relates to the set-
tling of accounts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
moved that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
referring the bill; but I think it is due to the
officers who have these long-standing accounts
that there should be some way provided by
which they can close them up. There are a
great many strictly honest gentlemen who
served during the war as quartermasters, com-
missaries, and paymasters, and who by casual-
ties entirely beyond their control are unable to
produce vouchers, as required by the regula-
tions of the Department; and there should be
some way to enable those persons to close up
their accounts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree entirely with the
Senator; but it seems to me it ought to be
done by a board of at least equal rank with
the Court of Claims, because the claims that
would be brought before this board would be
larger in amount and greater in magnitude
than any, probably, brought before the Court
of Claims. I only wish the proper guards and
protection thrown around it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing it should
be guarded.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that while large amounts are involved
in these settlements there are very little bal-
ances in the cases. Take, for instance, the
pay department of the Army. During the war
more than a thousand million dollars was paid
out by the pay department to the hundreds of
thousands of soldiers scattered all over this
country, and there will be finally lost to the pay
department not exceeding a quarter of a mil-
lion dollars. Such a thing was never before
heard of in the history of the world. There
has been nothing like it anywhere. In the
war of 1812, in paying out the few million
dollars that we paid to soldiers then, -we lost
over two million dollars. In the Mexican war
•we lost several hundred thousand dollars. But
in the late war, in the payment of more than a
thousand million dollars, the Government is not
the loser by a quarter of a million of dollars.
Where officers paid out perhaps twenty or
twenty-five or thirty million dollars on indi-
vidual accounts of perhaps thirty or forty or
fifty or one hundred or two hundred dollars,
their accounts cannot be settled. The balances
involved in this bill are very small indeed, but
the accounts, of course, that are unsettled are
very large. It is now more than three years
since the President by proclamation declared
the war closed, and these officers have been
compelled to remain in this position with their
accounts unsettled. The Departments have
gone just as far as they can go; and it is a
simple question now what we shall do to re-
lieve these officers. Their accounts are not
difficult, not complicated in any way; they are
plain. I am willing that the bill shall be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. If they
can devise a better plan than is now proposed
I certainly shall have no objection to it; but I
desire to have it understood here, for the credit
of our common country, that in no war has
there been anything like the system, the regu-
lation, the order, and the small percentage of
losses on the amount expended, as in the war
of the rebellion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is reluctant to interpose; but debate is not in
order nnder the "rule. This bill has already
been debated longer than the rule allows.
Mr. WARNER. I was only going to make
a remark. I do not see the danger that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance sees
in this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks debate is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit the understand-
ing was that debate might proceed upon a bill
until some Senator insisted that the bill should
go over. That was my understanding of the
arrangement, and I think the Globe will show
that such was the understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that is
the judgment of the Senate the Chair will so
execute the rule; and in that case the Senator
from Alabama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. We could not hear the Sen-
ator from Oregon on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I say that my under-
standing of the order was that discussion might
proceed until some Senator objected to further
discussion.
Mr. WARNER. I was only goingto remark,
in support of what the Senator From Massachu-
setts says, that those of us who have been
through the ordeal of settling Army accounts
at the Departments have not any fear that tte
Government will be the loser by allowing dis-
cretion to the officers of the Departments. It
is only since I came into the Senate that I was
able to settle my own accounts with the Depart-
ments here simply on account of technical dif-
ficulties. For instance, the matter of tilothing
issued jointly to two officers. They were obliged
to take receipts jointly. My accounts could not
be settled because the Departments would not
take joint receipts, although, every artiele of
property was accounted for, because there was
nodiscretion under the law. In these cases there
is but a small balance, although there are many
millions involved in some accounts; and they
never can be settled except by some discretion
allowed to the accounting officers; and I do not
think there is any danger in trusting them. It
is a question of very great hardship to the
officers. They feel uneasy and uncomfortable
with these money and property responsibilities
resting upon them, and they ought to be dis-
charged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 785) to provide for furnishing arti-
ficial limbs to disabled soldiers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. .Let that go over,-
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed ever.
The next bill om the Calendiar was the bill
(S. No. 53) to pay two companies of Oregon
volunteers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to this bill? The Chair hears no
objection, aad it will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
extend^ the act of Congress enitled "An act to
authorize the Secretary of War to settle and
adjust the expenses of the Rogue river Indian
war," approved the 17th of July, 1854, to the
Oregon volunteers, commanded by Captains
Jesse Walker and Nathan Olney, called into
service to suppress Indian hostilities in Oregon
in 1854.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very old affair,
to pay volunteers called, out in 1864. I recol-
lect there iiave been a great many of these
Oregon claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a report from
the Committee on .Military Affairs, and there
are plenty of documents to sustain the claim.
It is true it has been long before Congress, but
there are a number of documents in support
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, We have paid a great
deal for Oregon troops. I think the bill had
better go over. It will certainly lead to dis-
cussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 529) to provide for the sale of the
Great and Little Osage Indian reservation in
the State of Kansas, and for the settlement of
said Indians in tHe Indian territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this bill will be
considered..
Mr. HARLAN. It ought to be acted upon.
Mr. POMEROY. There, are from almost
every State in the Union probably twenty
thousand men who have come into Kansas
this year and gone on those lands, and the
■ greatest difficulty in the world will occur if
1 they cannot have a title.
Mr. HARLAN. The War Department has
been compelled to send troops there to keep
the peace.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the
objection is withdrawn the next bill on the Cal-
endar will be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill simply provides
' that the settlers may have the land at $1 25
an acre..
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only object because it
will lead to infinite discussion, and I want to
reach the short bills which can be acted on
and disposed of in accordance with the spirit
of the understanding.
Mr. HARLAN. Will it be in order to move
to make thia bill a special order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not object to its
being considered with! the mere yiew of making
it a special order. - ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order.
Mr. HARLAN. I make that motion. The
bill ought to be acted upon at an early day.
Mr. FERRY. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is overruled by higher authority. The motion
is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume I shall have an
opportunity to make that motion to-motrow
morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been objected to, and it goes over.
The next bill on the Calendar-was the bill
(S. No. 545) for the relief of William Chinn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection to this bill?
Mt. TRUMBULL. Let it be read, that we
may know what it is.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
appropriate $723, to be paid to William Chinn,
a colored man, of Prince William county, in
the State of Virginia, in his oWn right, and as
the lawful assignee of Mrs. Frances B. Gibson,
his late mistress, in full compensation of all
losses sustained by him and her, severally and
jointly, on account of live stock, provisions,
and. forage of every kind furnished to and
taken by the troojps of the United States from
the farm of Mrs. Gibson, in that county, during
the late civil war, and in full compensation
for all losses sustained by either and by both
for pasturage, damage to fences on the farm,
and for any other losses not herein enumerated.
Mr. DRAKE. Let the report of, the com-
mittee be read.
Mr. McCREERY. I am willing to support
a general law to that eflect, but I am not willing
to take up a special case. I object to the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator will allow
