8894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
the Constitution lias declared shall be forever
free to all the people of the United States of
America. Shall we submit, will the South
submit to have our rivers bridged over, so
that our mighty commerce shall not go down
to the Gulf?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in (he chair.) It is the duty of the Chair
to remind the Senator from Illinois that his
five minutes are up.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, it is impos-
sible to discuss this question within the time
allowed, if it is a question that can be discussed
at all, which I doubt. I think there is so little
in it to the West that it cannot be discussed
in the Senate of the United States. The same
effort to manufacture public opinion for the
removal of the capital is practiced upon the
Missouri river as in other parts of the United
States. The GovernoroftheStateofNebraska
fancying, I apprehend, that if any man touched
this question he would be immortal, issued his
commissions, and Nebraska was represented
by a full corps in the celebrated St. Louis con-
vention. But when you come to test the ques-
tion here, ray colleague and myself vote against
the removal of the capital, knowing that there
is no public opinion there, and 1 aver for my-
self that, there never can be a public opinion in
that region of country which ever will induce
me to vote for the removal of the national cap-
ital while this country and the population remain
loyal. On that matter I shall never be the
subject of any instructions.
Mr. President, the conviction in the minds
of our people is the same; the conviction in
the minds of all who have ever been in Wash-
ington city, as far as I know, is the same; and
we know, with great respect to the Legislature
of the State of Iowa, how easy it is, from time
to time, to get through a resolution of instruc-
tions, and we do not suppose there is any more
consistency or importance in those instructions
which the State of Iowa sends here than there
" was in the instructions she sent here on the
subject of the franking privilege. Her Legis-
lature seemed to grasp that whole subject, and
came to the conclusion that Congressmen had
so long enjoyed a special monopoly that, in
order to get it out of our hands, it was necessary
to repeal all laws allowing matter to go through
the mails free. I have the same amount of
respect for their resolution on the subject of
abolishing the franking privilege that I have
on the subject of removing the capital of the
United States. We understand how resolu-
tions are manufactured on this subject, and
how public opinion is indicated thereby; but
as far as I have any knowledge there is no pub-
lic opinion adverse to the capital remaining
here.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewakt] on
the evening of a previous discussion, I think,
certainly represented the far-western view of
the subject; and we coming from Nebraska
think we represent the view of that which is
the central part of the country. You cannot
argue it.
If we were to look to the mere matter of ex-
pense, this would not be the time to agitate the
removal of the capital, imposing $100,000,000
on the tax-payers. My friend from Iowa is
afraid that we shall impose a few hundred
thousand dollars' expense on the country by
the improvement of these Capitol grounds. If
we have been half a century in adorning these
grounds partially, it becomes us to redouble
our energy and diligence if we are ever to
accomplish anything permanent and final, and
therefore there ia no time, I apprehend, for
delay.^
So far as distance is concerned, by our rail-
road facilities we are all now almost at the
door of the capital. In two days and a half
from our residence in Nebraska, we are here
at the capital, and in one week from San Fran-
cisco. I, at my residence at home, am nearer
the capital to-day than the members at Harris-
burg, Pennsylvania, were a few years ago when
they made their trips here upon horseback,
such changes have taken place.
If I had the time I might refer to other points.
I will never have any idea of removing the
capital of this Union away from the Potomac
or from close proximity to the sea-board. A
nation that cannot protect herself here, with
the advantages and the facilities of this great
Potomac, is not able to protect herself any-
where, and shall not with my vote ever be
permitted to skulk away to the inaccessible
center on account of her inability to defend
herself near the sea-board.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senator
from Nebraska that his five minutes have
expired.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I will vote
for this proposition on the ground of economy.
I believe it would be cheaper to spend $10,000,-
000 here now, than to, by any vote of ours or
any hesitation, get up an agitation for the re-
moval of the capital, a foolish, vain agitation.
1 believe if you would leave it to the State of
Illinois alone to locate the capital, it would
take her ten years to do it, and you w.ould have
more sectional discussion, more waste of time,
more disturbance of the public credit, than
any other question could raise.
Washington is as centrally located as any
place that will be likely ever to secure the
capital. As between the North and South, it
is very centrally located ; as between the East
and West it might be put a few hundred miles
further west and be more central; but the peo-
ple of the far West, when they start, would
rather come near to the sea-board.
As I said before, there are associations about
Washington that are attractive; it is a healthy
location, there is very little sickness here, and
there are many more things that attract here
•than there could possibly be in any new point
selected in the valley of the Mississippi. I
apprehend if you could put it to a vote of the
people, there would be a, very large majority
in favor of retaining it here. If you raise this
question, it is entirely uncertain where the
capital will go. I prophesy, if it ever is re-
moved, which I doubt very much, whieh I am
confident it never will be, it will be more likely
to go to the city of New York than to go further
West. When the people of this country under-
take to decide that question, it will be decided
not only according to numbers but according
to commercial wealth and power. It is idle to
raise such a question; and if by the prompt
appropriation of this money we can improve
these grounds and indicate that something is
stable and certain, it will be a matter of econ-
omy to do it now.
I should have taken no special interest in this
appropriation if it had not been indicated here
that it was to be defeated because of an inten-
tion to remove the capital and thereby invite
agitation in the country upon a question that
can only injure our credit, disturb the peace
of the community, cultivate sectional strife,
and finally lead to no good whatever to any
human being.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, it is unfortunate
for this proposition that it was brought into this
Chamber within about twenty-four hours after
the passage of a bill for the reduction of the
Army on the sole plea of economy. By that
bill it was proposed to save some three or four
million dollars to the Treasury, and the plea
was made that it was so essential to relieve the
burdens of taxation upon the people that the
Army could be spared, and it was the first
victim in the consideration of economical prop-
ositions. That measure proposed to reduce
an organization upon which depends the pro-
tection of life and property in one half of the
States and Territories of this Union. It was
passed in the face of the known fact; known,
I think, to every Senator who is conversant
with the condition of affairs, that this year, and
now, our entire western border, from the British
possessions to the Rio Grande, is threatened
with the fiercest war that ever was waged upon
the plains. And yet, sir, upon the heel of that
proposition, after the Senate had voted to save
this little pittance of two, or three, or four mil-
lions to the Treasury—little in comparison to
the whole measure of taxation—we are met with
a proposition which cannot result in the expend-
iture of one dollar less than $10,000,000 before
it is completed; and that, too, simply for the
ornamentation of this city, where we are doing
well enough as we are. The State Department
is accommodated conveniently; we have public
grounds and pleasure-walks here with whieh
we have been satisfied for a good many years,
and may be for a great many years to come;
and it is brought in, too, in the face of the known
sentiment of a large portion of this country
that the capital must and will be removed, that
it must be removed long before these improve-
ments shall have been completed. How can
it be expected that the capital will be retained
on this extreme sea-board when the Mississippi
valley becomes the great hive of this country,
as it will, and the seat of commerce and of
wealth of this nation; and that, too, within our
day ? I simply wish to record my vote against
the proposition.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I feel it
due to myself to make a few remarks on this
subject. I shall support with a good deal of
zeal, if necessary, the amendment and the
expenditure proposed, I care not to what ex-
tent. The particular reason why I desire to
give my views very briefly is that I have seen
recently going the rounds of the papers a dec-
laration that I was in favor of the removal of
the capital of this Government. It is entirely a
mistake, sir. I have never at any time uttered
such a sentiment. From my boyhood since I
went to school and read the life of Washing-
ton I have looked upon his name as sacred.
I yet hold that view. In view of the reason
assigned this morning by the distinguished
Senator from Iowa for his action on this
amendment, showing the alliance of these
questions, I think it is absolutely necessary
that some expression should be given here
aside from the overwhelming vote that I have
no hesitaucy in saying will be the response to
this proposition. There is no necessity for an
argument so far as the vote of the Senate is
concerned, but it is just as well that our views
should be distinctly understood elsewhere.
I have the honor in part to represent the
State of Texas, the extreme State in the Union;
I live many miles from here, but I have no
hesitancy in saying that a corporal's guard
could not be raised in my State, with its im-
mense area, in favor of the removal of the
capital. The idea is suggested that it is upon
one side of the country ! That may do for an
argument, but it is certainly not a very sub-
stantial reason. One hundred million people
are spoken of. I hope that at an early day
this Government may be blessed with that
number. I have no hesitancy in saying that
if it be perpetuated, it will at a very early day-
boast of that proud number; but that will still
be no argument in favor of a removal of the
capital. With the facilities which we are fondly
hoping we shall realize at a very early day
this capital will be readily accessible to all. I
have no doubt that we shall have a southern
Pacific raiiroad, and that will be abundantly
satisfactory to us, and will enable us to visit the
capital whenever it may be necessary. So far
as the metes and bounds of the United States
are concerned at this day, I will say that we
are in the day of our infancy; and the man
does not live who is prepared to say what they
will be, or who is prepared to say where we
shall stick our pegs and not be permitted to
go further. Even Solomon in his day could
not, perhaps, have done it.
I fondly think the day is not distant when
the stars and stripes will float with proud credit
and honor and glory, as in the proud old days
ofRome, over Mexico, Cuba, and all the islands
adjacent. I believe, as I have been raised to
