2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
this bill to pass. It is a very meritorious case.
There is & report accompanying it which is
uot very long.
Mr. McCREERY. There are a great many
similar cases that are very meritorious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky insist upon his objec-
tion?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Thebillwill
be passed over.
captain john a. wilcox.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 652) for the relief of Captain John A.
Wilcox; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the proper accounting officers in set-
tling and adjusting the accounts of John A.
Wilcox, captain fourth regiment of United
States cavalry, to credit him with the sum of
$764 10, being the amount of Government
funds which were stolen from him, without his
default, at or near Fort Clark, Texas, on the
14th of February, 1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Willet, from the Commit-
tee on Claims, on the 17th of February last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of John A. Wilcox, captain fourth regi-
ment United States cavalry, for relief fromall liabil-
ity on account of Government funds stolen from him
on the 14th day of February, 1867, submit the follow-
in* report:
While stationed at Fort Clark, Texas,the claimant
had in his possession a package of money amounting
to $775, of which $275 belonged to theqaartermaster's
department, $489 10 belonged to the subsistence de-
partment, and $10 90 belonged to himself. This
money was kept in his tent, in his trunk, which was
looked. No person knew that the claimant had this
money excepting Private George J. Fernald, com-
pany C, fourth United States cavalry, acting quar-
termaster's sergeant. On the 14th of February, 1867,
while the claimant was absent from his tent, said
money was taken from his trank; and the evidence
is quite conclusive that it wasstolen by the said Fer-
nald. who opened said trunk by means of false keys,
and who immediately deserted the service and fled.
Diligent search by claimant faimfelf and various
other parties in different directions was made for
said deserter and thief, but without success. Claim-
ant followed as far as San Antonio, where all trace
uf him waa lost. He employed the police of San
Antonio to assist in his detection, offering $100 re-
ward for his arrest.
The claimant swears that " he placed the money
in his trunk aa the safest place to keep the same,
and that the loss thereof is no fault of his." Lieu-
tenant D. A. Irwin, of the said fourth United States
cavalry, present at the time, and cognisant of the
circumstances, testifies that" in his opinion Captain
Wilcox is in no way blamable for the loss of the
money or the escape of the thief, for he (Captain
Wilcox) had the money in the most secure place
he had in his possession." It seems there was no
safe at the post; and Lieutenant Irwin further states,
in a letter addressed to Senator Cameron, that he
was personally acquainted witb the circumstances,
that the money referred to was stolen by one of his
(CaptainWilcox sjmen soon after my arrival from the
North. It was taken from a trunk occupied by the
captain and myself. The post is one of the most
remote on the frontiers, and there are no means
provided by the Government for the safe keeping of
funds: he (Captain Wilcox) followed the deserter and
thief for two weeks, but was unable to find him."
The claimant also files the following:
Hxadquartirb District o* Txxas,
Galvcstok, Texas, March 7,1867.
Sib: I am directed by the general commanding
the district to acknowledge thereceiptof your letter
of the 28th ultimo, relative to your loss ot $775 Gov-
ernment funds, stolen from you by Acting Quarter-
master Sergeant George J. Fernald. company C,
fourth United States cavalry, and in reply to inform
you that the said letter and its inclosures have been
forwarded to department headquarters this date,
indorsed aa follows, namely:
Headquarters Distmot or Trxas.
Galveston, Texas, March 6,1867.
Respectfully forwarded to department headquar-
ters; recommended that the within papers be mailed
to the proper officer of the Treasury Department
through the War Department as satisfactory evi-
dence upon which furtheraccoantability of Captain
Jobn A. Wilcox, fourth United States cavalry, for
the public fonds stolen by Actiug Quartermaster
Sergeant George J. Fernald, private company C.
fourth United States cavalry, and who deserted the
service of the United States, carrying off the public
funds in question, may be released, or suitable legis-
lation secured to th<s end: it being clear that every
Srecaution was taken by this officer for the safe-
eepinr of the public funds with the disbursement
of which be was charged, and that he has done all
in his power for the apprehension of the thief and
dwcrtcf.
CHARLES GRIFFIN,
Brev. Maj. Gen. V. S. A., Commanding.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respeotfully, your
obedient servant, A. H. M. TAYLOR.
Second Lieut. Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, A. A. A. 0.
Captain John A. Wilcox, Fourth United State* Onv-
alrv, commanding Fort Clark, Texai.
The olaimant furnishes several very satisfactory
testimonials of good moral character, and of his
efficiency in the discharge of his duties as an officer.
Among them are the following:
For the Secretary of War, introducing Captain
Wilcox, well known to mo as a young offioer of high
merit, and who has a most excellent record in the
SerVlC6' J. HOLT.
Was Dkfartmknt,
Paymaster General's Offick.
Washington. D. C., October 24,1865.
Captain John A. Wiloox, of the fourth United
States cavalry, is an offioer well known to mq per-
sonally, and I take pleasure in oommending him for
his intelligence, efficiency, and well-established
probity of character.
Captain Wiloox is altogether, competent and
worthy any appointment in any disbursing depart-
ment of the Army.    
B. W. BRICE,
Paymaater General.
War Department,
Provost Marshal Gkxkral's Office,
Washington, D. C., October 23,1865.
Captain John A. Wilcox, fourth United States
cavalry, has been performing the duty of mustering
and disbursing officer for upward of three years; his
accounts have been examined in this officeand found
correct, there being no exceptions to any of his dis-
bursements. .
Captain Wilcox has proven himself to be a faithful
and efficient disbursing officer, and it gives me pleas-
ure to bear testimony to the promptness and oorreet-
ness with which he has discharged his duty.
CHAUNCEY MoKEEVER,
Aerietant Adjutant General.
Concurring in the opinion that the evidence shows
that the claimant was not guilty of any criminal
default or negligence in the custody of the aforesaid
funds, and that he used all the efforts which could
have been reasonably demanded to arrest the thief
and recover them, the committee think that the
claimant ought not to be held responsible therefor.
They therefore beg leave to report the accompany-
ing bill, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
importation of immigrants.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 563) to make the importation of immi-
grants under labor contracts unlawful.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of that
bill to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to have that
bill read, to know how it happens that a bill to
make the importation of immigrants under labor
contracts unlawful should be referred to that
committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that there is
a bill of a similar nature pending before the
Committee on Commerce involving to some
extent the same principle. I do not know to
what particular point this bill is directed. I
believe it is more general in its terms than the
one which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Missouri
is chairman of the Committee on Education
and Labor. He cannot have a great deal of
business to do in that capacity, and so I thought
he would be just the Senator to deal with this
matter; but it seems he does not wish to con-
sider it, and I therefore move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce have one bill on tbis subject before
them which it is very difficult for them to decide
upon, and they propose to refer it to the Com-
mittee on tbe Judiciary. So I would propose
that tbis bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. COLE. I hope the bill will be read,
and then we shall know to what committee it
ought to be referred. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thebillwill
be read, subject to objection by any Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and it will be passed over.
MINNESOTA AND WINNIPEG RAILROAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 381) granting lands to aid the con-
struction of a railroad from the western bound-
ary of Minnesota, at the junction of the Sioux
Wood river with the Red River of tbe North,
to the Winnipeg district of British America.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is very important that
the bill should be passed now, aud 1 hope it
will be acted upon.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a bill to facilitate
communication with that region. We have a
railroad partly built up there, aud with this
grant of land I think the railroad can be finished
up into that rebel district. It will help the
rebellion there.
Mr. RAMSEY. They have already con-
structed a large portion of the road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is land to be granted
to a railroad in a district of country out of the
United States?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; only up to the
line of the United States. All the communi-
cation with that district is now carried on by
stages. The parties are pushing on the road
with great rapidity. If the road were complete
to day all the communication with that district
of country would be done through the United
States instead of through Canada. It is a
matter of some political importance.
Mr. HOWELL. Let the bill be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will withdraw his objection. If he will
consider the importance of tbiB road in a
national point of view, I am sure he will do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill on the Calendar will be read.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 482) to provide for the location of
agricultural college scrip by actual settlers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to this bill? The Chair hears none.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
reported by the Committee on Public Lands
as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. There is no use in read-
ing that any further. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Perhaps the Senator will
not object when he hears the whole of the bill
read. It provides that the scrip shall only be
located by actual settlers.
Mr. STEWART. If the bill can be changed
so as to provide that the cities of Washington
and Georgetown can have the proceeds ot' so
much land, I shall not object to it; but this is
just the way that the military scrip was gotten
out, and afterward it led to abuses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and it is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has not
heard it read through.
Mr. STEWART. It is probably entirely
unobjectionable as it now stands J but after the
passage of tbis bill Congress will keep amend-
ing it, as they did in the case of the military
scrip, and it will get into the hands of specu-
lators. We have never yet authorized the issue
of scrip that it was not abused.
Mr. POMEROY. This puts the scrip in the
hands of settlers, and it cannot be located in
any other way.
