18*70".]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. of Reps.
Virginia, under the circumstances existing at
the time, in resorting to what she believed her
right of secession, a right which had been
maintained by some, ay, by numbers of the
best intellects of the country, in comparison
with the gross violations of the Constitution in
these reconstruction acts; not alone in rela-
tion to the people of the seceded States, but
all the rest, in that stupendous wrong of forcing
on them amendments of the Constitution which
they loath and condemn!
The States have no right to secede—are still
of the Union notwithstanding the'attempt; and
so war is waged against them for the enforce-
ment of the laws and to keep them to their
allegiance. But the success of the war defeats
the purpose of it, and, presto, the States in-
stanter assume foreign relations. They are
States for taxation, but not for representation
in Congress; states for the ratification of
amendments to the Constitution, which change
it in its most vital parts, and States for all
other beneficial purposes to the interest of
th,e Republican party, but in all things else
dependencies.
The State of Yirginia after her ordinance
of secession and because of its assumed inval-
idity you allowed to be a State ; and through a
Legislature assuming to act for her procured
her consent to the creation of a new State out
of her territory, she is so far a State still that
she can constitutionally ratify the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments and assist in fasten-
ing them on the rest of the country. In all
these important measures her voice is potent;
but to change her school law or regulate her
judicial system you would have her powerless
through all the coming ages. How supremely
ridiculous all this! I am willing that her act
of secession shall go down to posterity along
side these gross wrongs, and cannot doubt, sir,
the verdict posterity will pronounce.
But, sir, these reconstruction measures, what-
ever we may think of them, have been but of
provisional and temporary intendment; they
have served their purpose in Virginia; they
have had their bitter fruits for her and for the
country. And now, sir, you are brought face
to face with this great State which you have
thus molded to your purposes, who comes and
asks the terms of your bond ; and what do you
do ? You higgle and halt, and insist upon fur-
ther conditions. What a spectacle, that Vir-
ginia—the Virginia of the Revolution, who
"stood by the cradle of our liberties" and
nursed them into sturdy vigor ; Virginia, the
home of Washington, of Henry, of Madison,
of Jefferson, and all the stirring memories that
cluster about their names and thrill and exult
our hearts ; Virginia, who gave to the Govern-
ment almost a continent and dedicated it to
the empire of freedom ; Virginia, standing at
the door of that Union so enriched by her
munificence and so resplendent by her deeds,
and waiting readmission of her children, and
they refuse, or would strike from the diadem
that encircles her statehood its brightest gem.
Can you doubt, sir, that if these States had
been welcomed back^in the spirit of the Crit-
tenden resolutions at the close of the war long
ere this, fraternal feeling would have sprung
up and displaced that venom which some gen-
tlemen on this floor think still rankles in the
bosoms of the people of Virginia and the other
States of the South? If we had had just and
equable laws instead of persecution and pro-
scription the now gaping and smarting wounds
of the war, which have been constantly probed
and lacerated by your measures, would have
been effectually cured up. But now, sir, we
hear the mutterings of discontent on every
hand. They are not confined to the people of
the South, but are wide spreading as the
Union ; they are the sure precursors of a com-
ing storm if this sort of legislation' is contin-
ued. If you would hush these murmurs to
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 4.
silence, if you would still the tempest before it
becomes a tornado, have done with these in-
fractions of the Constitution. Take the peo-
ple of Virginia and of all the southern States
not only back to the Union but to your confi-
dence. It is only so you can fulfill the destiny
of this great Government. I will not enlarge
upon it.
Fraternity, equality, unity; these make up
the glorious trinity of the Constitution. Bach
must be preserved in its integrity if the Con-
stitution is to endure.
Anxious as I am to see the people of Vir-
ginia restored to their relations to the Union,
an event which would deserve to be celebrated
with bonfires and rejoicings and which will thrill,
in my judgment, the great heart of this nation
from its center to its furthest limit as nothing
else has done since the close of the war, I will
not, I cannot consent to vote for the bill re-
ported by the Reconstruction Committee. I
cannot conseut to put the great shame of these
degrading conditions upon her, and I will not
violate the Constitution of my country.
Public Expenditures.
SPEECH OF HON. H. L. DAWES,
. OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Ik the House op Representatives,
January 18, 1870.
The House having underconsiderationthebilKH.
K. No. 480) for the transfer of the Philadelphia navy-
yard to League Island—
Mr. DAWES said:
Mr. Speaker : When this matter was before
the House a few days since the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] representing the
Committee on Naval Affairs, who reported this
bill, felt that my colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr.washbura, of Wisconsin]
and myself had manifested undue zeal in oppo-
sition to his call for the previous question, and
he seemed to feel somewhat aggrieved that we
were unwilling that by the previous question his
bill should be protected from amendment and
its merits discussed subject to his consent. I do
not complain of him specially on that ground,
for I do not suppose he had with reference to
the peculiar provisions of this bill any design
in thus insisting upon what has come to be in
this House a sort of common law. But that
the House may understand what would have
been the condition of things had we yielded to
his demand that the bill should be protected
from amendment by the previous question, and
that the discussion should proceed according
to his wish and in his time, I ask the House to
listen to the provisions of the bill:
Be it enacted, &c„ That the Secretary of the Navy
is hereby authorized to transfer the working navy-
yard of the Philadelphia station to League Island
as rapidly as is consistent with the interest, of the
service, and to sell, in manner and on terms to be
approved bythe President, such portions of the pres-
ent yard as shall from time to time bo vacated. The
proceeds of such sales shall be applied to the prep-
aration of the new yard.
What can the Secretary of the Navy do
under this bill? He can sell at private sale, to
whomsoever he pleases, the present navy-yard
property at Philadelphia, reaching, if my friend
from one of the Philadelphia districts is cor-
rect, a valuation of $3,000,000. He_ can sell
all or any part of this property at private sale
to whom he pleases, when he pleases, upon
what terms he pleases; and all the protection
the Treasury of the United States is to have in
such a proceeding is, that he is to obtain the
approval of the President of the United States,
who, from the nature of his duties, can pay no
personal attention to the proceeding, and can
only approve the report which may be submit-
ted to him by the very men whose conduct is
to be passed upon. While I have the utmost
confidence in the Secretary of the Navy and
the President of the United States, I may be
allowed to say that if these officers were not
of our political association and affiliation my
friend from Pennsylvania would have been the
last man to intrust either of them with any such
power as this—to sell that vast properly at pri-
vate sale to any political friend upon any terms
and at any tim&when the Secretary of the Navy
may see fit; and this, too, without paying one
dollar of the proceeds into the Treasury of the
United States, or accounting to any living man
for a dollar of these proceeds; but in such
manner and at such time as he shall see fit,
slowly or rapidly, by secret or by open con-
tract, by bid or by arrangement with party as-
sociates, in any manner that may seem to him
best, he can apply the whole of this $3,000,000
to just such work upon League Island, and at
just such time and with just such purposes as
he may please.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the bill which we, rep-
resenting the Committee on Appropriations,
struggled for the permission to discuss and for
the privilege of amending, if it is to become a
law.
But, sir, my chief opposition to this bill rests
on other grounds. I know full well that my friend
from Pennsylvania is willing to have the bill
amended in some of these particulars, and my
associate upon the committee has how pending
amendments as to the sale of the present navy-
yard. But there is pending no amendment sug-
gested from any quarter requiring the Secretary
of the Navy, when he has disposed of the pres-
ent navy-yard, to account for the proceeds into
the Treasury. Idesire toinquirewhytheRepre-
sentatives of the people may not have the priv-
ilege of appropriating from time to time what
may be necessary for making League Island a
proper naval station? Why is it that they are
to be relieved from the duty of making these
appropriations when necessary; and why is
tne Secretary of the Navy authorized by this
bill to apply the whole of this amount of
$3,000,000 to the work upon League Island
without accounting at all for the proceeds of
the old navy-yard? Let us from time to time
appropriate whatever money may be neces-
sary, whether it be $500,000, $1,000,000, or
$3,000,000. Let us control this matter; let
us make the necessary appropriations; let us
not authorize any one man to exercise entire
control over this matter without accounting to
us or to any other authority as to the amount
applied to this work or the manner in which it
may be expended. -
Sir, I am opposed to the passage of this bill.
In that opposition I have nothing to say against
the propriety of a navy-yard at League Island ;
that controversy is passed. In it I never took
any part. I have no preconceived opinions to
maintain at this time. During the controversy
between League Island and New London I had
other duties to discharge here, and I do not even
know upon which side I voted.
Some things are fixed, and I take them as
they are ; and among them, whether right or
wrong, it is fixed that this navy-yard is to
leave the city of Philadelphia and ultimately
to be placed upon League Island. The growth
of the city has enveloped it. It is necessary I
know full well, according to the plans for the
future enlargement of that city,, that the navy-
yard must leave the city, and must go elsewhere.
The city of Philadelphia, I know, has pre-
sented to the United States this island at a cost
of $350,000, and I assume that ultimately the
yard must go there.
But, sir, there are other things which I also
assume as fixed facts, and one of them is that
the passage of this bill involves the immediate
expenditure, independently of these $3,000,000
which you put into the hands of the Secretary
of the Navy, of more than a million dollars.
I do not, as I said, enter into any controversy
