1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3895
believe from ray earliest boyhood, that the
Constitution, of the United States is second Only
to the blessed Gospel. I believe that mankind
is to be benefited, and I hope they are being
so at this day, by the light shining out from the
glorious Constitution of the United States, and
there is no telling where we are to make a stop.
In that view of the subject I am not one that
is ready to look to a pittance of half a million
or a million dollars for the improvement of
the mighty cppital of this nation, this greatest
city known to civilized man. I am glad of the
opportunity to vote for an appropriation for
the extension of these improvements, and to
express my opinion and determination, as I feel
now, never under any circumstances to vote
for the removal of the capital of this glorious
nation.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a long amendment
of several sections, appropriating $500,000 to
extend the Capitol grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is what was
agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBETr. Upon that question I wish
to make two or three remarks, The extension
of the Capitol grounds has been a question of
discussion for a great many years. We have
the result of a growth of some sixty years in
the grounds in front of the Capitol, a small
space, and we have been building this Capitol
nearly sixty years. ' We all know that it takes
time to beautify these grounds, that it takes
time to plant and grow trees. We may erect
a. building in a few years, but we cannot grow
trees and beautify the grounds in so short a
time. Therefore I regard it as economy to
obtain this additional ground as soon as possi-
ble, that we may plant trees and beautify the
space in a manner commensurate with the
beauty of this Capitol and the grandeur of this
Government, and to meet the expectations of
the, people who visit the capital. We know that
all the citizens of the United States who visit
this capital expect to see that not only the
Capitol, but the grounds are beautiful and
something beyond anything else in the United
States. This is acknowledged to be the most
beautiful Capitol building, perhaps, in the
world, and I hope we may lay out such
grounds around it and so beautify it that it
shall always be attractive, and that it shall
never be the desire of any portion of our peo-
ple to remove it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this amendment and against striking it out.
I hope we shall provide the means for extend-
ing and beautifying the Capitol grounds, so
far as it is practicable. As to the removal of
the capital, the change of the seat of Govern-
ment, Mr. President, if it were a new question
entirely, I think I should probably vote to
locate it at some different place from this, for I
think there are places within the limits of the
United States that would be more consistent
with the convenience of the people of the
United States generally; but we are to re-
member that the nation has already expended
a vast amount upon the Capitol and public
buildings at this place; not less, according to
the information which I can obtain, than sixty
million dollars ; perhaps even it would rise to
a higher figure.
In the case of a removal of the capital, we
see very plainly that this large investment of
money would become next to useless and
valueless; for it is not to be expected that the
materials which have gone into the public
buildings here could be removed to a consid-
erable distance with any safety or with any
profit whatever. This has become in some
sort an ancient city; it bears the hallowed,
sacred name of Washington, which sends a
thrill to the heart of every true American. It
bears the name of the Father of his Country,
whom we all so highly reverence, and I look
in vain for the time when this seal of Govern-
ment shall be changed for any locality on the
great Father of Waters or elsewhere within the
limits of the United States. It is hallowed in
the hearts of the American people by traditions
and recollections too sacred to be treated lightly;
and I believe to-day if the question were pro-
pounded to the voters of the United States
whether they would remove the seat of Gov-
ernment to any other place in the United States
there would be a vast majority of votes against'
the removal. They love the name of Washing-
ton ; all_ their political traditions are centered
at Washington, the capitalof the United States,
which will be in aftertimes as sacred in the
minds of the American people as was the name
of Rome, which never moved an inch from
her seven hills during her long domination
of more than a thousand years, the ruler of
the world; as sacred as is the name of London
to any Briton in whatever part of the world he
may be ; as sacred as the name of Paris, which
has also been the capital of France for more
than a thousand years. The mere agitation
of the question is in some sort, according to
my judgment, injurious to the public taste and
to the public feeling, as well as detrimental to
the owners of property in this District and to
the stability of the Government itself. How-
ever beautiful or excellent may be our form
of government, however excellent may be our
laws and institutions, however attractive they
may be to the rest of mankind, we are not to
forget that, after all, there is in the popular
heart a sort of superstitious reverence for the
capital of their country, a feeling which draws
the attachment of the citizen to the center of
the nation to which it belongs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senator
from Michigan that his five minutes have
expired.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose I must respect-
fully submit to the order of the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the ques-
tion before the Senate is whether an amend-
ment inserted in the Committee of the Whole
shall be allowed to remain in the bill? That
amendment proposes to add to the'Capitol
grounds, and it is conceded calls for a prompt
expenditure of $500,000. It is a financial
question, an economical question, whether that
amendment should he adopted or stricken out.
For one, I regret that the question of the re-
moval of the capital has been brought into the
debate. It is not a question of the removal
of the capital. As I regard it, it is purely a
question whether at this time, under all the
circumstances, we should add any expenditure,
commencing with $500,000 and drawing after
it probably three, four, or five times as much,
if we can avoid it. So far as the question of
removal is concerned I am unable to 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is entirely mistaken in saying that it will draw
any further appropriation after it. The build-
ings on these squares will be amply sufficient
to fence and adorn the grounds.
Mr. CASSRELY. I am not certain that I
understand the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I said that
the Senator was mistaken in supposing that
this would draw after it any further amount
than the amount for the bare payment of the
ground. The Senator speaks of its drawing
after it four or five times as much more.
Mr. CASSERLY. It must draw after it a
large amount more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Butthc build-
ings on the ground are sufficient to pay all that,
as raw material.
Mr. CASSERLY. Why, sir, is the Senator
serious in telling us that after he has got t-his
ground, the buildings upon it, which of course
are of no value except for what he calls the
raw material, will produce a fund sufficient to
put these grounds in proper order—to sod them,
to plant them with trees, to build proper walks,
to construct sufficient drainage—without any
additional appropriation ? Why, sir, the men
who are to take charge of these grounds, the
additional force required will draw after it an
expense which will be no trifle. The expend-
itures for the public grounds in the city of
Washington down to this date point a moral
not only contrary to the views expressed by the
Senator from Vermont, but the amount itself
is enormous. What have we to show for it ?
I think it will be within bounds to say that no
similar expenditure in authentic history has
produced results so slender as the moneys ex-
pended on the public grounds of the city of
Washington. We have out of all of them but a
single park, a single square that one of uscould
show with any feeling of satisfaction to a
stranger either from the United Slates or from
Europe—I mean the one known as La Fayette
square. That is a creditable public ground,
and that is much more than can be said of any
other public ground in this city. I speak of
them, of course, as not mere inclosures, mere
paddocks, mere fenced pastures, but as public
grounds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senator
that his five minutes have expired.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall vote against this
expenditure, because it can be spared, and I
am in favor of sparing anything that can be
spared.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am very sorry to differ
with the Senator from California in his view of
this subject. I should not have said anything
about it, although I am a member of the com-
mittee that reported this appropriation, if it
had not been for the remarks that lie has just
made.
He said when he first rose that this was a
mere economical question, a question of ex-
penditure. Now, Sir. President, let us meet
it on that ground. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, on
another occasion, showed to the Senate that
if this investment had been made six or eight
years ago hundreds of thousands of dollars
would have been saved. To make it now is to
save hundreds of thousands of dollars. I should
like to ask the Senator from California whether
when he makes agoodinvestmentin real estate
he is wasting his money ? And I should like
to inquire whether it is a waste of the public
money properly and economically and at the
proper time to invest it in real estate in the
capital of the nation ? No, Mr. President.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my friend will allow
me to answer him, I certainly should not think
it a good time to invest in real estate when I
was staggering under more debt than I could
pay.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, if I should
be passing along in some of the old countries
of Europe, or even in some of the old settled
parts of this country, and should see a magnifi-
cent castle, on which millions of dollars had
been spent, without a roof ever having been
put upon it, I should saythattheman who built
that castle was a thriftless man ; and so I would
say of a man whoinvested all his money in walls
and had nothing left to go on and finish his
mansion.
The Senator from California complains that
there is not a public square in this city, except
one, which is creditable to show to any stronger ;
and in saying that he says but the truth. But
why is it so? It is because gentlemen come
in here, as he does now, and resist appropria-
tions which are necessary to improve these
grounds and make available the large sums
already invested. The city of Washington now
contains many magnificent buildings which will
compare with the buildings in many of the oM
capitals of Europe, and it wants nothing in the
world but a little proper investment of money
at the present time to become an ornament to
this country, a city of which we may be proud.
We want the streets properly paved. We want
this investment not for mere pleasure-grounds
to recreate in, as has been said in this debate,
but for the health of the people; and in addi-
tion to that, in order that all the people of the
