2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
with execute the satue and repair to the place-where
the dead body is at tho time named in the warrant,
and make return of tho same, with his proceedings
thereon, to the coroner who granted tho same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the coroner
shall administer to tho jury when assembled tho
following oath: "You do solemnly swear (or affirm,
as the case may be) that you will diligently inquire,
and true presentment make, in what manner and by
whom the person who here lies dead has come to his
(or her) death, and that you will deliver to me, the
coroner of this District, a true inquest thereof, accord-
ing to such evidence as shall be laid before you, and
according to tho best of your knowledge. And you
do further swear (or affirm) that you will well and
truly examine and make report to me, givingaminuto
and particular, description of the person of the de-
ceased, together with his (or her) name, if the name
can be ascertained, and the money, other valuables,
and papers found with or upon the dead body.''
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho jurors
being sworn, the coroner shall give them a charge
upon their oaths to declare of the death of the per-
son, how, and by whom it was caused, and all the
circumstances attending the same, and whether any
person, and who, is guilty of causing said death, and
the degree of guilt, and the names of tho witnesses
by whom tho guilt is established.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all persons
desirous of being heard shall be examined as wit-
nesses, and the coroner may causo witnesses to be
summoned by subpenas, issued by him and served
by one of the officers aforesaid, who shall answer all
questions asked them by the coroner, by the medical
experts, or by any member of tho jury, on oath or
affirmation, to be administered by thecoroner, touch-
ing said death, and all the circumstances connected
with the same, and touohing the money, valuables,
and papers found on or near his person; and when,
in the judgment of the eeroner, the case demands it,
ho may summon any physician, surgeon, or chemist
to attend such inquest and to assist him in making a
po t mortem examination, and shall certify his ser-
vices as herein after stated.
Sec. 5. And beit further enacted, That the jury hav-
ing viewed the body, heard the evidence, and made
all inquiry within their power, shall draw up, sign,
and deliver to the coroner their verdict upon the
death under consideration, and upon all and singular
tbe matters embraced in their said oath, and the
charge of the coroner, which verdict shall be filed in
the office of the coroner, and recorded in a book to
be kept by him for that puppose, and shall be subject
to inspection at all times by any person claiming an
interest therein.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the coroner
shall have power to cause tho witnesses, or such of
them as he deems necessary, to enter into recogni-
zance with or without security, in his discretion, for
their appearance at the next criminal court to be
held in said District, to give evidence touching the
death aforesaid.
Sec. 7. And beit further enacted. That if the inquest
shall find any person to be guilty of murder or man-
slaughter, either as principal or accessory, the cor-
oner shall causesuchperson orpersons to be arrested
on a warrant issued by him, and to commit him or
them to tbe District jail to await the action of the
criminal court of the District; and thecoroner shall
attach to his commitment a certified copy of the
finding of theinquest, which shall contain the names
of all the witnesses examined.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That tho coroner
is hereby invested with authority to enforcc his pre-
cepts, and to secure tho attendance of witnesses and
jurors and the answer of recusant witnesses by
attachment.
Sec. 9. And be it further enactcd. That it shall bo
the duty of the coroner to take possession of all
money and other effects found upon the body of any
person upon whom inquest is held, and to make and
record in a book kept by him for that purpose a true
inventory of the same, and after defraying the costs
of the inquest he shall deliver the residue to the heirs
or legal representatives of the deceased. In case there
shall not be sufficiest money to defray the expenses
of the inquest, the other effects, if any there be, may
be disposed of at public sale under the direction, of
the coroner, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
and the proceeds applied to the payment of such
expenses. Any surplus then remaining shall bo de-
livered to the heirs or legal representatives of the
deceased: Provided, That at the expiration of each
quarter of the year any unclaimed effects remaining
in the possession of the coroner shall be delivered to
the treasurer of the levy court, or to the treasurers
of the citi es of Washingtou and Georgetown, accord-
ing to the locality in which the inauest shall be held,
and an inventory of tho same shall accompany the
coroner 3 account.
Sec. 10. And b  it further enacted, That the fee of
the coroner for viewing the body shall befivedollars
m each and every case where he performs that ser-
vice, and for all other services he shall be entitled to i
tho same fees as are now allowed by law to the clerk
of the courts of said District for similar services;
and where the inquest shall necessarily extend be- !
yondone day the coroner shall beallowedfivedollars i
for each additional day so employed. And the fees
and mileages of the jurors, witnesses, and consta- i
bles, or other executive officer, shall bo tho same as
are allowed by law for like services in the courts of i
said District. All of said fees and expenses shall be
paid out of the effects of the person so dead, if any
there be, otherwise they shall be paid by the proper
authorities of the locality where said dead body is 1
found; if within the limits of Georgetown by the
corporate authorities #f that city, if within thelimits
of Washington fry the corporate authorities of that :
city, and if outside the limits of said eities to be paid j
by the levy court of said District. I
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That it shall be j
the duty of the coroner to make up once in each
quarter a true account for services and expenses in
all inquests held by him within said three jurisdic-
tions respectively, itemizing said account and show-
ing therein what moneys or other effects came into
his hands and the disposition made of the same, and
the credits to which said aocount is entitled; and the
coroner shall take and subscribe an oath attached to
said account to the effect that tho same is just and
true, that all and singular the services therein enum-
erated were rendered and wero necessary, and the
same exhibits atrueandfullaccount of all the moneys, 1
valuables, and papers that have come to his hands
as such coroner, and the manner of the disposition
of the same; and it shall be the duty of the corporate
authorities ofthc citicsof Georgetown and Washing-
ton, and of the lovy court, respectively, to audit said
accounts accordingly as they occurred within said
cities respectively, or outside the same, and cause the
same to be paid if they should be found legal and
just.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the coroner
shall bo allowed for all necessary stationery and
blanks, the account thereof to be itemized and sworn
to as before stated, and to include any heretofore
procured by him and for whieh he has not been paid;
and also for any unsettled expenses of inquests here-
tofore held by him, to be equitably apportioned
between tho jurisdictions aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCHIP.
Mr. STEWART. I objected to a bill a few
moments ago, but I have since examined it,
and I find that it contains the proper guards ;
and restrictions; and I therefore should like
to withdraw my objection to it.
Mr. POMERO Y. It is Senate bill No. 482,
relating to land scrip, which. Was passed over
a few moments ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be j
no farther objection the bill (S. No. 482) to j
provide for the location of agricultural college |
scrip by actual settlers will be regarded as
before the Senate; and the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands will
be read.
The amendment was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and insert the
following in lieu of the words stribken out:
That there be granted to the cities of Washington
and Georgetown and the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, seven hundred and fifty
thousand acres of the public lands of the United
States, to be divided between the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown and the county of .Washington,
according to the population thereof, as ascertained
by the census of1800, for the support of public schools.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho city of
Washington, and the city of Georgetown, and county
of Washington, shall not select, locate, nor hold the
land granted in the first section of this act, nor any
part thereof; but land 6crip shall bo issued for the
same to the city of Washington, the city of George-
town, and the county of Washington, corresponding
in quantity and aggregate with the land granted in
the first section of this act, and to be apportioned as
in the first section is provided, said scrip to be sold
by said cities and county, and assigned by such offi-
cers and in such manner as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may order and prescribe; but mineral lands
shall not be subject to location by any of said scrip.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted,Thatthe expenses
of the sale and assignment of such scrip, and the
investment and management of tho fund realized
from the sale thereof, shall be paid by the said citics
of Washington and Georgetown, and county of Wash-
ington, so that the entire proceeds shall be applied
without any diminution whatever to the purposes
herein mentioned.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all moneys
derived from the salo of the scrip hereinbefore pro-
vided for shall be invested in the stocks of the United
States yielding not less than five per cent, upon the
par value thereof; that the moneys so invested shall
constituteaperpetual fund, the capital of which shall
remain forever undiminished, and the interest of
which shall be inviolably appropriated by said cities
and county to the support and maintenance of pub-
lic schools in said cities and county for the education
of the children in said cities and county between the
ages of five and seventeen years, to be used in the
support and maintenance of such schools without
distinction of color or race of the children attending
them.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if any portion
of the fund invested as before provided, or any por-
tion of the interest thereon, shall by any action or
contingency be diminished or lost itshall be replaced
by the city or county to which it belongs, so that the
fund shall remain forever undiminished; and no
portion of the fund or the interest shall be applied
toward the purchase of any site for tho construction
of any school-house or building.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That no agricul-
tural college scrip, and no scrip issued under the pro-
visions of this act, which shall be and remain in the
possession of the parties authorized to receive tho
same from the Commissioner of tho General Land
Office, shall be sold by said parties for less than
seventy-five cents per acre for cach and every acre.
Seo. 7. And be it further enacted. That any portion
of the scrip issued to any of the States under the aet
of Congress approved July 2,1862, entitled " An aet
donating public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for tho benefit
of agricultural and mechanic arts," may bo located
by any actual settler upon the public land who may
be entitled to enter a quarter section of one hundred
and sixty acres or any less legal subdivision and
received in payment at the proper land office where
the tract is situated, at the rate of SI 25 per acre.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That any settler
who may have settled undor the preemption laws
upon lands raised to $2 50 per acre, in consequence
of their being included within the limits of any rail-
road grant, or for any other reason the land is held
by the Government at $2 50 per acre, may have the
right to pay in said college scrip for eighty acres of
said land by depositing one hundred and sixty acres
of said scrip; and it shall hereafter be lawful for the
officers of tho land districts of tho United States to
receive tho said scrip in payment for said land, at
the hand of any person who by law is entitled to
preemption, at the price of SI 25 for each acre of
scrip tendered in payment.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the rules and
regulationsgoveroing thelocation of military bounty
land warrants by preemptors shall apply to the loca-
tion of agricultural college scrip, and to the same
extent, while used by actual settlers; and all fees
due the land officers for this service shall be the same
as for military boanty land warrants: Provided,
That the aggregate amount due any officer of the
land office shall nqt thereby be increased.
SeC. 10. And be it farther enacted. That any and
all agricultural college scrip received trom actual
settlers shall be taken at$l 25 per acre for the num-
ber of acres contained in each piece or parcel of
scrip; and if there be still a balance due to the Gov-
ernment from any settler for any tract of land, in
legal subdivisions, located and settled, that balanco
may be paid in money. But if the scrip shall over-
pay for the land located no claim shall exist against
the United States to pay in money for any such
balance.
Skc. 11. And be it farther enacted, That all agricul-
tural college scrip shall hereafter be located only
under the provisions of this act, and the scrip hereby
authorized shall be located only in the same manner,
i Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That this act
j shall be in force from and after its passage.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to suggest an
amendment: that all agricultural college scrip
I and military bounty laud warrants shall not be
received except for payment of preemption.
| Mr. POMEROY. The military bounty land
I warrants are issued under another lav/ and
under another state of circumstances. There
are only a few of them out. We have issued
none for service in the last war. It is only for the
war of 1.812 and the Mexican war that there are
any out. I think we had better not incumber
this bill with the question of land warrants.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I will not
1 move the amendment.
i Mr. HARLAN. I think the bill had better
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will report .the
next bill on the Calendar.
MONUMENT AT WEST COINTk
The next business oft the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. It. No. 122) donating
captured cannon for the purpose of construct-
ing a monument at West Point, New York;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of War to deliver to Professor A. E. Church,
treasurer of the Battle Monument Committee,
fifty bronze guns captured from the rebels, to
be used in the construction of a monument at
West Point, New York, in memory of the
officers and soldiers of the regular Army who
fell in the late war, and in the ornameutation of
the grounds around the monument.
Mr. POMEROY. This seems to be a large
number of guns to donate, fifty guns.
Mr. WILSON. This is for West Point. We
have already provided for several other places.
We have an abundance of these guns. West
Point is a very important place.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
