389G
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
country may feel that proper pride in the cap-
ital of the country that they ought to feel.
One word, sir, on the removal of this capital.
Gentlemen make themselves prophets,and pre-
dict in a solemn way that this capital must be
moved. I know there are men whose policy
and whose politics and whose statesmanship
consist in moving landmarks. I trust that the
Senator from California will not join that party.
There is no blessing pronounced on those who
move landmarks. I believe in holding on to
all the landmarks that our fathers have made,
and one of the most sacred of those is the place
where they located this capital. I trust that
in this generation and in our time there will be
enough of the old blood of the Revolution flow-
ing in the veins of the citizens out West, who
emigrated there from Vermont, Massachusetts,
New York, New Hampshire, and my own
State, to remember that the capital was first in
Philadelphia ; from there it went to Trenton;
that it followed the Army and its fortunes and
the vicissitudes of the war to Princeton, and
after all those bloody fields, deliberately, after
the war was over, was set down and located
here in the city of Washington, in a city that
was made for a capital.
An allusion was made by a Senator on the
other side of the Chamber to Rome. As the
stranger approaches the city of Rome, and
looks down on her floating in the midst of the
Campagna, he salutes her with the great twin
brethren who fought so well for Rome :
" Ilail to the groat asylum I
Uail to the hill-tops sovon 1
Hail to tho fire that burns for aye,
And tho shiold that foil from koavcn!"
And so may the pilgrim from the distant
West, in approaching this beautiful city, seated
on these magnificent hills, or going up to the
Soldiers' Home or the heights of Georgetown,
and looking upon the broad sweep of the Po-
tomac coasting the Virginia hills, and the Cap-
itol sitting here on the spot that nature created
for it, feel just as proud as if he had been born
in the city of Washington, and as happy in the
contemplation as though he had a pecuniary
interest in the improvement of the capital.
Mr. President, I wish that not only the mem-
bers of the Legislatures who have passed the
resolutions in favor of moving the capital, but
all the agitators of this movement, could stand
on the heights of Arlington and watch the set-
ting sun reflected from the dome of our Capitol.
Let them turn their faces to Mecca when they
worship; let them not forget Jerusalem, al-
though they wander in strange lands. Let not
strength and manhood forget the parent that
cherished its infancy, but rather let all unite
in a permanent determination that at least this
old landmark shall not be removed. The safety
and permanence of our institutions must de-
pend, in soino measure at least, on cherishing
the sacred memories that hang arouud the cap-
ital. I hope, Mr. President, that I shall not
live to see this capital removed, for it will, in
my judgment, be the entering wedge of dis-
union.
Mr. COLE. The objection made to this
proposition by my colleague is that it is against
economy to make this appropriation at this
time. ' If it is delayed, it will cost more when-
ever it is made._ At present this eastern por-
tion of the city is neglected. It has heretofore
been the unattractive portion of the city. The
property in this part of the city is much less
in value than the portion to the west of the
Capitol. But all of us who have had occasion to
look at the growth of this city are aware that
it is now extending over Capitol hill where
those who founded the city intended it should
be placed.
My colleague must have forgotten the vote
that lie gave a few moments ago in favor of an
appropriation of $250,000 for the benefit of a
okss of clerks who have not, so far as has
appeared in the debate, asked for any such
addition to their present compensation. If the
Government is struggling under debt, as he
, and is almost unable to bear the burdens
upon it, that addition should not have been
added to those burdens.
The question of the removal of the capital
.has been brought into this debate. . I do not
suppose this capital will ever be removed from
this place while the Republic lasts. It is said
to be only a question of time involved. Sir,
there are other questions besides the question
of time involved in the removal of this capital.
The question of expense is a very importaut
one. The public improvements made by the
General Government in this city in the con-
struction of the Capitol and other public build-
ings amount to not less than $76,000,000, and
the removal of the capital would operate vir-
tually as an abandonment of that amount of
property.
There is also a question of location, a more
important one than the one of time merely.
It would be utterly impossible to fix upon any
new site by the concurrence of any very con-
siderable portion of the people of the country.
The State of Wisconsin would claim it; the
State of Illinois would claim it; the State of
Iowa I believe claims it; the State of Indiana
also; and Missouri is a prominent candidate
for the location of the capital, if it is to be
removed. It would be impossible to fix upon
any site if the question were merely a question
of removal,-without reference to the expense
that it would be to the Government.
But, sir, let me add that aside from the
question of the expense, if this were only the
capital by its designation, without any improve-
ments, as it was made seventy years ago, I can-
not imagine any better location than this. I
say this as a resident of a part of the Union far
distant from this. I do not know of any better
selection that could be made. I would not
remove it away inland. I would leave it as it
is, in convenient proximity to the Atlantic
ocean, if it cannot be taken to a place nearer
the other ocean.
The improvements that have been made here
are said to be among the most magnificent pre-
sented by any nation. I believe they are. It
is the unanimous voice of those who have trav-
eled far and wide that our improvements, our
public buildings, are equal to those of any other
nation. Shall we now, with all the sacred as-
sociations clustering around Washington, which
have been described by Senators in this discus-
sion, abandon this location, abandon these im-
provements, and seek some other site for the
sapital of the country merely to gratify the
wliim, or to gratify the desire of the people of
some particular locality that would claim the
capital if it could be had by merely making
their claim ? I can see no reason for it, either
growing out of economy or out of convenience,
or for any other reason.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire simply to say
that in voting for this appropriation I do not
consider myself as voting for the removal of
the capital or continuing it .at this place. If
we were to change this capital in twenty years,
if it was certain to be removed in that length
of time, I should be ashamed to leave such a
field as this. Let us leave a clean sheet behind
us when we go ; and within twenty years it is
safe to say the capital will not be changcd. If
you were to submit to-day the proposition to
the delegations in Congress from Minnesota,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Indiana to locale
the capital it would be twenty-five years before
they would agree upon a site. Milwaukee is
the only place where it ought to be, [laughter;]
and yet General Paine, of the House, and my-
self are the only men who would agree upon
that location. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I do not expect to live to see
the day that the capital of this nation will be
removed from this spot. I do not believe there
is a Senator on this floor who will live to see
that day. I am opposed to the entertainment
of the proposition in any form to remove this
capital.
In addition to the considerations which have
been mentioned, there is one that would con-
trol my vote under all circumstances; and that
is the consideration of climate. I do not be-
lieve that there can be found in the valley of
the Mississippi, to which it is proposed to move
this capital, a spot of land where the climate
would be as healthful, as pleasant, taking the
year round, as this one. I never was aware
until I came into the Senate, more than three
years ago, of the superiority of this spot in the
matter of climate. It is infinitely superior in
climate to my own home, or to any place in
the valley of the Mississippi that I know of on
this parallel of latitude. If you remove it far
enough north of the valley of the Mississippi to
get rid of the fervid heat which prevails along
this parallel of latitude, then you get up where
in the winter the climate is intolerable from
its changeableness, from the severity and the
extremity of the alternations of temperature,
until you get up into the hyperborean regions
from which my friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] comes ; and there it takes a start in
the winter and freezes up, and the whole con-
cern remains, frozen up for about six months.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, Missouri has been mentioned
as a candidate for the location of the capital.
That is news to me. There is only one spot
in Missouri that has been mentioned in that
connection, and that is St. Louis; and I ven-
ture to say there cannot be found one hundred
men in the State of Missouri who would vote
for Missouri to give up the city of St. Louis
to the nation for a capital.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will allow
Mr. DRAKE. I only have five minutes.
Mr. COLE. A very improper use, then, has
been made of the name of his city and State.
If he is taken by surprise he is the only person
in the body who is taken by surprise at it.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not surprised at the use
which has been made of the name of the city
of St. Louis in this connection ; but I am
taken by surprise by the statement of the Sen-
ator from California that Missouri is a candi-
date for the capital. No such thing, sir. I
would not wish any man in Missouri a more
sure and speedy consignment of himself to
oblivion as a public man than to advocate that
the State of Missouri should give up the city
of St. Louis to this nation for a capital.
Mr. YATES. She does not give it up.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, she does. She is re-
quired to give it up by the Constitution, for the
Constitution requires that the United States
shall acquire the jurisdiction over the ten
miles square where the capital is to be located,
and the State of Missouri would laugh at any
man who should propose there to give up our
metropolis to the United States for a capital.
And, sir, if they would give it np, I do not
think the climate is favorable, and it ought
not to go there.
Mr. MORTON. I was much surprised to
hear a remark of the Senator from Wisconsin
a few moments ago, speaking of Milwaukee as
being a favorable place for the location of the
new capital. I thought it was understood by
everybody that if the capital is to be removed,
it ought to go to the neighborhood of Indian-
apolis, [laughter,] but I am not now present-
ing the claims of that place.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have always
indulged myself with the delusion, it may be,
that this city, selected for the capital of the
nation by Washington, was to be its permanent
capital. I have a faint hope that that is so. At
any rate it is the wish of my heart. If the
option was given to me at this moment that this
capital should remain in its present site or go
to the_city o( St. Louis I would say, let it remain
here forever. Like the honorable Senator from
Missouri, I would not have this capital by a
great way as a gracious gift to the city of Louis-
ville. J? or about thirty years I have witnessed
the spectacle of a people having no power of
self-government, oppressed, wronged, and de-
