1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4841
a special and constitutional act be passed.
Why pass a law which is to operate to the
prejudice and wrong of thousands scattered
over the extent of our country? Why pass
this act, which is to operate in every town and
village and election district and precinct in the
whole country, where men pursue their ordi-
nary avocations, where they are mostly agri-
culturists, and no frauds are alleged, iu the
country elections there are no frauds worthy
to be named as such. Occasionally, perhaps
before registration laws were passed, an indi-
vidual might vote illegally in the hurry and
excitement at the polls; but where registration
exists—and it now exists nearly over the whole
country—it is impossible, because registration
officers are never hurried. They act deliber-
ately and cautiously. They require all the
necessary proof, aud they can adjourn from
time to time. Why, then, pass such a law, to
produce embarrassment and difficulty, and, I
would add, injustice and oppression, because
frauds are alleged to have been perpetrated in
one or two cities of the country? If the cities
require special legislation let there be appro-
priate legislation to meet their case, if the con-
stitution will authorize it; but in no event such
a law as the one before us.
I think that the House bill accomplishes all
that a reasonable person could desire. I think
that a party motive should be eschewed by the
Senate of the United States, that legislation
should never look to party, or to party inter-
ests, or to party results. If there be evils, let
them be corrected in an appropriate manner.
Do not, because an evil may be alleged to exist
in one portion of the country, pass a law that
is to injuriously affect tens of thousands of
honest and industiious men.
I hope that the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] may be mistaken in his prediction of
a civil war. I hope the person does not now
exist who will live to see another civil war. I
have no idea that the result of an election in
the city of New York could, as the Senator
from Missouri apprehends, produce such a
calamity. But he says he anticipates it, and
when an election there shall determine the
election of a President, that the nation will
rise as one man against it, and we shall have a
civil war. Why, sir. if the nation were to rise
as one man it would have no opponents, no
competition, and there could be no such result
unless it made war upon itself.
But. Mr. President, apologizing for the time
I have consumed, I leave the matter in the
bands of those who are more able to discuss it
than myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] to the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on the J udiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. Let that amendment be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike
out the first five sections of the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary and insert
five other sections which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. Are these five sections just
read to be simply added to the bill, or do they
take the place of other sections?
Mr. DRAKE. They are to take the place of
the fir^t live sections of the substitute reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in
remarks which are published in the Appendix.
Mr. FO WLER. With the permission of the
Senator from Delaware, I rise to inquire if there
is any provision for a meeting to-night?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No evening ses-
sion has been ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for a moment that 1 may
make a suggestion.
Mr. FOOLER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware vield?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. As I mentioned this
morning, I intended to ask and I have asked the
friends of this measure to remain here with a
view to fmal action to-day; and as far as I have
assurance on that subject the friends of the
measure are willing to do so, although it may
involve the inconvenience of a long night ses-
sion. Now, I suggest to those who are opposed
to this bill that we may consult the convenience
of all and save the rights of everybody by
agreeing to take the vote on Monday at an hour
to be fixed, and taking a recess at this time till
seven o'clock, or half past seven, to the end
that debate may procced this evening.
Everybody will see thatl make the suggestion
merely as a matter of personal convenience to
members of the body. If there be a majority
here in favor of the bill, of course that majority
has the power to resist an adjournment, and to
stay here on this hot night until a vote be
reached. It would be uncandid not to admit
that that would be quite as inconvenient to us
as to those who antagonize the bill. There-
fore I suggest that the convenience of all may
be subserved, and everybody permitted to get
his dinner and come back for an evening ses-
sion, the vote to be taken at an hour on Mon-
day which I will indicate myself, if that is
agreeable, or somebody else may'indicate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators have
heard the suggestion of the Senator from New
York. It is not definite as to the hour on Mon-
day. Is there objection to it?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think, I may be
allowed to remark, that it is definite upon any-
thing except that he has a majority at his back
that will enable him to do anything that he
requires.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
think the honorable Senator from California
has not met the suggestion I made quite in the
spirit in which I made it. I ask him to hear
me while I state it again. I have no wish or
purpose touching this bill excepting that it is
aniinportantrneasurein my charge, which every-
body seesmustbe considered presently if it is to
be considered at all finally, at this session.
Senators will understand, without my referring
specifically to measures, that in executive ses-
sion and in legislative session there are matters
which, beginning at once next week, will be quite
likely to absorb the whole week, despite this
measure. Now I desire only to discharge my
duty. If there be a majority of the Senate iu
favor of the bill, I want the votes of the major-
ity of the Senate upon the final passage of the
measure before it is too late; that is all. It
so happens that that record must be made to-
day, before we adjourn until Monday, or not
at all, as far as we can foresee. Hence, the
only problem to be solved is one of personal
convenience. Now, I suggest to gentlemen on
the other side who wish farther to debate this
measure, that we may just as well be per-
mitted to go and get our dinners and come
back and have it debated during the same
hours that it would bo debated if we sit here,
and then have an understanding by which at a
certain time the vote is to be taken, in lieu of
I an attempt to weary out each other by vying
with each other in the very poor feat of per-
sonal endurance, of the power to remain here
as a matter of bodily fatigue, to reach a vote
upon the bill. I think my friend from Dela-
ware will at least treat the suggestion in the
temper in which it is made, and not say, as the
Senator from California did, that I merely rose
to announce that I had a majority at my back,
and all that. I do not know even that there is
any majority to be found in the Senate in iavor
of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me, 1 said that that, was the
only thing we could definitely understand from
the'sliuement of the Senator from New York;
aud I beg the Senator from New York to ie-
member that until within a few days ago of this
week we had not the pleasure of meeting the
Senator in this body in council or in debate for
a long period. The minority on this floor,
however, were here during the long absence
of the Senator from New York, sitting all day
every day, and a great part of the night every
alternate night during the week, the minority
of course being constantly upon their posts,
necessarily, from the nature of the case. Dur-
ing last night and the night before we were
here, on Thursday night until midnight, ant}
last night until quite a late hour; and when
the Senator proposes to have another session
this evening, he proposes something than which
there can be nothing worse in point of phys-
ical inconvenience for the members of the
minority.
Mr. CONKLING. Would it not be worse
to hold on now, without any intermission, and
sit during the night?
Mr. POMEROY. Let me suggest that we
have an agreement to vote on Monday, and
not have any session to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be still
better.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sure no one wants
a session to-night if it can be avoided.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from New
York had been here he could have forwarded
his bill. I do not say that as a censure upon
him, but as a reason 
Mr. CONKLING. I ask my honorable
friend to allow me to say this 
Mr. CASSERLY. No; I want the Senator
from New York to permit me to finish a sen-
tence ; he will agree to that, of course. I do
not say that as a censure of the Senator from
New York, but as a reason why he should
have some consideration for the reluctance of
those of us who were here and went through
the fatigues of these extraordinary sessions, to
incur more annoyance and inconvenience of
that kind, merely because the Senator from
New York is in a hurry to get his bill through
now.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware yield to the Senator from New
York?
Mr. CONKLING. A single suggestion.
Mr. BAYARD. I yield, certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from California, with a discourtesy which is
not usual with him, for some reason or other,
has twice called specific attention to the fact
that I have been absent recently from this
body. I simply remind that honorable Sen-
ator that I was absent in consequence of the
appointment of the Presiding Officer of this
body upon a mission constituted by one of the
statutes of the United States. I went upon
that errand, and returned before that errand
I was completed. So much for that; I pass
' it by.
! I was not here for several days, I admit ;
; but if I had been here 1 will say to the honor-
able Senator from California that I should not
have wasted as persistently any hour m the
day, and particularly the morning hour, with
very miscellaneous objections to all sorts of
bills—I should not, I say, have done that to
the extent to which some other Senators have
indulged in the practice which I indicate.
| Now, sir, coming back to the suggestion
, which I rose to make in the first place, I wish
to say, giving it any form which may be deemed
desirable oil the other side of the Chamber,
' that with an evening session this evening, or
| without an evening session, as far as 1 have
i the power I will give such conduct to this
! measure as will adapt itself to the convenience
I of gentlemen on the other side, giving them
all the opportunity for debate of which the
; time admits. If we can come to no such uuder-
, Standing, then we must simply bold out with
such chance and opportunity of a vote as the
! in^ht and the power of enduiaoce hold out,
! It is not because ! am in a hurry about this
