1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3897
graded beyond any people in America, and
the}' are the people of Washington city, result-
ing from the fact that they have, under the
Constitution, no power of self-government. I
would never consent that the proud and noble
commercial metropolis of the State of Ken-
tucky should be reduced to any such point of
oppression and degradation. I would scorn
the proffer of the capital of the United States
to that city as a gracious gift.
Sir, I do not believe that Congress have the
power under the Constitution to move the cap-
ital. I believe it was located under the Con-
stitution as a single act, to be performed in the
matter of locating the capital, and that all the
power of Congress over the subject was thereby
exhausted. As long as that Constitution re-
mains inviolate in that respect this capital will
be immovable.
If Congress now refuses this appropriation it
will just be throwing before the country another
great question of popular excitement to agitate
the whole land, where the capital is to be re-
moved and where shall it be located. 1 regard
this as one of the great vagaries that have ori-
ginated in this day and generation. I want this
question at least settled. I want the question
settled as far as Congress can settle it, that the
removal of the capital of the United States
from Washington city is not an open question ;
that it is one fixed by the Constitution, and it
is not to be unsettled by congressional legis-
lation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 42, nays 10; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Cole,
Conkhng. Corbett, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Flanagan,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howard,
Johnston, McDonald, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Bice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner. Tipton,Trumbull,Vick-
ers. Warner, Willey, and Williams—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames,Casserly, Hamilton of loxas,
Harlan, Harris, Howell, McCrecry, Pratt, Boss, and
Yates—10. „ „ _
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattcll, Chandler,
Cragin, Edmunds, Eenton, Gilbert, llowc, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morton. Norton, tomoroy, Bevels, .Robert-
son. Schurz, Spencer, Thayer, i'hurman, and Wil-
son—20.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section to the bill:
Set. 1G. And be it further enacted. That section five
of an act approved March 3, 1811, entitled " An act
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year 1841," shall bo construod to have authorized
and to authorize tho naval officers and surveyors
therein mentioned to receive the umximumcompei)-
sation of $5,000 and SI,500, respectively, as therein
nam fid, out of any and all fees and emoluments by
them received.
Mr. CASSERLY. I reserved that amend-
ment, more for the purpose of obtaining inform-
ation than anything else. I have since received
information respecting it. The operation of
it is not what I feared it might be, and I with-
draw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws the reservation of this
amendment, and if there be up objection it
will be regarded as concurred in. it is con-
curred in.
The next reserved amendment was to insert
as a new section the following:
And be it further enaetcd, That the President of
the United States be authorized to organize and send
ou! ono oi" more expedition^ toward the Dortn pole,
and io anpoint sueh person or persons as he may
d-cm most fitted to the command (hereof; to detail
any otiieer ot the public service to ra-te part m the
;nand to u- e any public vessel tha.t may be suit-
able for the purpose, the scientific operations ot the
expeditions !o be proscribed in accordance with tno
advice of ilio National Academy of Sciences; and
thai a sum of $100,000. or such part ttv-rcol as may
be necc^arv, bo hereby appropriated, out ot any
moneys in tno Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended under the direction ol the 3 resident.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I asked to
have this amendment reserved, not that I have
any objection to the party who is to undertake
this exploration, for I believe he is a very
worthy man; but the idea that we _ can now
afford to embark in such an enterprise as this
it seems to me is rather wide of the mark.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator any good
reason?
Mr. CONKLING. We want to down with
the taxes." That is one reason.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. * I think we
need the money for other purposes that are
altogether more pressing than this. It is an
embarkation in an enterprise that may not end
for five years, and if we undertake it, of course
we expect to foot the bills. I therefore trust
that the Senate will have its attention called
to it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
has just moved and carried a large appropri-
ation for the extension and adornment of the
Capitol grounds, and now he opposes a smaller
appropriation having for its object the extension
of geographical knowledge in this hemisphere.
I voted gladly for the proposition of the Sen-
ator; but he does not favor mine. He seems
not to like tho North Pole. His mood is not
unlike that of Lord Jeffrey when he broke forth
against it. Somebody to whom he had spoken
impatiently on the subject complained to Sidney
Smith of the language lie had employed, being
nothing less than "Damn the North Pole,"
when the great wit endeavored to soothe the
injured man, saying, "Do not be concerned;
I have heard him speak disrespectfully of the
Equator." I presume the Senator from Ver-
mont would do the same thing, if there were
any question of exploration under the Equator.
I doubt not that in former days the Senator
has circulated under his frank Herndon's Re-
port on the Valley of the Amazon. Here was
an equatorial exploration, by which our country
has gained honor. There is nothing in our his-
tory by which we have acquired a better fame
than what we have done for science. The
scientific reports on our western territory are
much valued where science is cultivated. And
the United States Exploring Expedition, or-
ganized by the care of J ohn Quincy Adams, has
given to our Republic a true renown. Who
would blot from our annals this invaluable
record? But we too may do something not
unworthy of companionship wilh this early
expedition.
Thus far our Government lias done nothing
for polar exploration. Kane and Hayes have
added to our geographical knowledge, and
inscribed the names of honored countrymen
' on Arcnic headlands, but the expeditions pro-
ceeded from private munificence. The time
has come when the Government should take
up this work, nor leave the monopoly to for-
eign Powers. Perhaps I desire too much, but
I would have my country explore this whole
North American continent not only in the in-
terest of science but for the sake of the near
future. It is easy to see that our Capitol
grounds will be broader than anything included
in the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, and I hope we shall not delay their
exploration.
Nor should we be daunted by difficulties. X
cannot doubt that the time will come when
every quarter of the globe, with every corner,
everv recess, whether at the equator or the pole,
whether land or sea, will be brought within the
domain of knowledge, and find its place on the
map, so that there shall be no terra incognita;
but we must do our part in this triumph. Do
not say that this knowledge is without value.
Just in proportion as we know the earth can
we use and enjoy it. Therefore, for onr own
advantage and for our cood name  
The VICE PRESIDENT, it is the duty of
the Chair to remind the Senator from Massa-
chusetts I hat his five minutes have expired.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "there-
of," in the fifth lino, the words " with a view*
of discovering said pole, measuring the length
and circumference of the same, and, if prac-
ticable, of bringing it to this country.'' [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Bring it to this country for
a liberty pole. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Delaware has
certainly forgotten the action taken here a
few years ago, and while he was a member of
the body, upon a treaty by which we acquired
an interest in the north pole. By that treaty
our possessions extend to that landmark, if
it be such, into the frozen ocean, and if yon
will follow the lines of longitude until they
meet, you will find that they will converge and
meet at the north pole.
Now, sir, I will answer the argument of the
Senator from Vermont. He thinks that we
are too much embarrassed by our present
indebtedness to undertake any scientific oper-
ation of this sort. I believe he voted for the
acquisition of the country that we now own
extending so far to the north. This may
properly be called, I think, a proposition to
investigate what we then purchased to ascer-
tain what our possessions consist of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have done
penance for that vote, and therefore I think the
Senator ought to pardon me.
Mr. COLE. This proposed expedition is
not only in the interest of science, but it is
in the interest of our commerce. Our whaling-
vessels penetrate that ocean. They have been
very successful in some bays or arms of the
sea in that part of the globe. The expeditions
that have heretofore been undertaken have
revealed to us whaling-grounds in that part of
the globe of immense value. They are now
sought from the necessities of commerce in
that part of the ocean. They have been driven
from the latitudes nearer the equator, and the
best whaling-grounds are now far in the north-
ern oceans, and in those oceans we gather oils
and whalebone each year valued by millions
of dollars. I have no doubt that the expedition
which is proposed will result in great advantage
to this country, and especially great advantage
to the whaling interests. We know but little
about that part of our globe. We see on the
map that it is represented in the most indefi-
nite form. Wre do not know which portion of
it is land and which is water. It is truly, if it
be land, a terra incognita. We wish to know
more about it, and to extend our investigation
in that direction. For such a grand purpose,
the small appropriation of $100,000 only is
asked to obtain very valuable information. I
hope that the appropriation will be voted. It
will be a credit to the Government. It will
show that we are not wanting in an apprecia-
tion of the advantages to result both to com-
merce and to science, though we are some-
what in debt.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware would be a good'
one, provided he could bring the fish with the
pole, so that we could use it as a fishing-pole
in that case very properly, I think. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to suggest
that we might use it for knocking down per-
simmons. [Laughter.-]
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to state one or
two facts in relation to the profits of our trade
in the Arctic seas. Between the years 18-16
and 1869 the value of whalebone and whale
oil taken in the Arctic regions amounted to
$99,7Go,137 ; or, in round numbers, the value
of whale oil and wlialeboue taken in twenty-
three years from the Arctic sea was $100,000,-
000. The commerce in whale oil and whale-
bone from 1861 to 18G0 decreased, because ot
the needs of the Government in the way of
vessels, many of the vessels which before HaU
been employed in whaling being taken tor the
uses of the Government, and because the olien-
