1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
the double rate, or six cents each for the same
period; that he sent off ten thousand speeches
each year; that he sent garden and other seeds
on which the postage would have amounted to
ten dollars per year, and that he received five
daily and ten weekly newspapers. If it be pre-
sumed that the receipt and dispatch of letters
during the sessions of Congress would exceed
this estimate, then I reply that the deficiency
is more than compensated by estimating for all
the days of the year, and by the fact that the
postage was paid on folly one third of those
he received. The most earnest advocate of
postal reform would hardly challenge these
ligures. Now let us see what amount of postage
thevrepresent. I have prepared the statement,
as follows:
On documents issued by authority of Con-
gress  $641 04
On 30 letters per day, or 10,950 per year, at 3
cents each  328 50
On 6 letters per day, or 2,190 per year, at 6
cents each    131 40
On 10,000 speeches, at 2 cents each  200 0J
On garden and other seeds  10 00
O.n.r. daily newspapers, atSOcents per quarter, 6 00
On 10 weekly newspapers, at 5 cents per quar-
ter    2 00
Total $1,318 94
Not all of this sum is properly chargeable
to the member; most of it should be taxed to
his constituents, if to anybody. The postage
value of the speeches, newspapers, and one half
the letters may be set down to his account; the
remainder is more properly a charge against
the people he represented. The revenues of
the postal establishment would have been annu-
ally increased in the sum of $437 95 by con-
tributions from his purse, and the further sum
of $880 99 from that of his constituents, if the
postage had been paid on all this matter by
those in whose interest it was sent. All the
skill and ingenuity of the Postmaster General,
assisted by the ready mathematics of his em-
ployes, will not enable him to swell these fig-
ures, or to show wherein his Department was
defrauded out of another dollar.
But in this calculation I have taken no account
of the cost of carrying the official correspond-
ence of the Departments, nor of the astounding
frauds so boldly charged. So far as they re-
flect on the members of the Fortieth Congress
it is their duty to defend themselves. Com-
paring them with the gentlemen with whom I
am associated in this House, I am induced to
believe that their integrity was unnecessarily
assailed. Those who came down to us from
the previous Congress will compare favorably
with the same number of gentlemen here or
elsewhere. I therefore dismiss as unworthy
of consideration all unsupported statements,
direct or implied, that one half of the matter
borne in the mails under cover of their frank
was fraudulent, or that their frank was forged
to any considerable extent. If such frauds
were committed by others of " the privileged
class," or if they continue now, neither the last
nor the present Congress is responsible for
anything beyond its share.
Of the army outside of Congress, numbering
31,601 persons, who have authority to frank
official correspondence, no less than 27,878
are postmasters, who are directly responsible
to the Postmaster General. If they load the
mails with fraudulent matter it is his duty to
put honest men in their places, and to bring
them to justice. Sir, I do not believe that
frauds were committed to this extent, nor do I
believe that the Postmaster General, after sub-
sequent reflection, would reiterate his charges
or reproduce the figures of his late annual
report. I bear willing testimony to his fidelity
and efficiency as an officer, and to his earnest
desire to make his Department a model for all
the others. If in the redundancy of his zeal he
hag made mistakes, either in figures or asser-
tions, they should not be set down against him.
Let us lose sight of these in the service he has
performed in go directing attention to the in-
justice and abuses of the franking system as
to probably insure a change. Although the
burden imposed by its exercise will fall mil-
lions below his estimate, yet it is heavy enough
to suggest the necessity of a speedy remedy.
It is an easy matter, sir, to ascertain the
; annual postage value of all the matter that
will be franked by the members of this Con-
i gress if the franking privilege should not be
abolished. It will not exceed that sent out
by the last Congress. The authority to frank
extends to the following persons belonging to
and connected with this Congress:
Senators, including those from Virginia now sworn
in  68
| Representatives  220
| Territorial Delegates    7
Vice President  1
Secretary of the Senate  1
j Clerk of tho House of Representatives  1
! In all..
298
On the supposition that each of these will
frank matter on which the postage value is
$1,318 94, we find that $393,044 12 will cover
the total cost. This estimate is largely above
the mark; in my judgment full twenty per
cent, above what the actual weights would
show. No previous Congress has imposed a
- greater burden on the Post Office Department.
! To meet it there has been annually appropri-
ated $700,000, or an excess of $306,955 88, to
apply to the cost of other free matter. Defi-
cits have inevitably occurred by reason of the
incalculable amount of official correspondence
passing between the Executive Departments
and the people, and between their subordin-
ates ; but if they had all been made good by
levying postage on this class of correspond-
ence the amount received would represent no
saving to the people. Again, I take no account
of frauds, nor allude to the injustice of con-
verting the Post Office Department into a pack-
horse to bear without compensation the cor-
respondence of all the others.
One other example of deranged figures and
hasty estimates may be alluded to to show their
unreliability. The Postmaster General first
arbitrarily fixes $5,000,000 as the cost of unpaid
matter, and then resorts to per cent, calcula-
tions to prove that he is right. He jumps about
twenty per cent, at the first leap. I quote from
him again .*
" There is no sound reason for believing that, esti-
mating by weight, the present basis of the postage
rates, the proportion of free matter is really less than
thirty per cent., as ascertained by the careful invest-
igations of a committee of the British Parliament;
but even if we adopt the results of the imper-
fect information attainable in this country, and
assume twenty-five per cent, of the ordinary annual
expendituras as the just equivalent for the unpaid
services of tho Post Office Department, it will appear
that the Government is bound in honor and justice
to appropriate $5,000,000 instead of $700,000 for this
service."
The expenditures of his Department for the
last fiscal year amounted to $23,698,131 50.
Of this sum he estimates that twenty-fire per
cent., or $5,924,532 87, was the cost of free
matter. Why one calculation should exceed
the other over nine hundred thousand dollars
is not explained. It was just as easy to say
$6,000,000 at once and have enough to cover
accidents. It was easier to name the figures
without demonstrating their correctness, for
the demonstration only confuses the proposi-
tion.
I have tried to give the full cost of trans-
mitting lawful free matter in the mails, such
matter as would relieve the people if it were
charged with postage. I fail to run it np to
even $500,000. How, then, can the remaining
$4,500,000 be saved ? Is it averred that the
amount paid contractors will be lessened that
much ? Then I interpose a doubt of the correct-
ness of that theory. Railroad cbmpanies get the
lion's share of this money. By their contracts
they carry all that comes, much or little, at the
same price. They lease cars or parts of cars
for mail purposes, which have to be paid for
whether they go full or empty. To them room
is every thing; the motive power to hasl large
or small mails is nothing. I predict that if
free matter is cut off the transportation account
will not be benefited a single dollar.
No one understands better than the Postmas-
ter General that Government officials should
not be taxed to pay their own postages. Ho
would have appropriations made to members
of Congress as well as all others. I do not
agree with him there. If my constituents
desire to take my frank from me, as many of
them have declared their anxiety to do. by
their petitions, because it contributes to create
"large deficiencies charged upon the natimui
Treasury," they donotexpect metoimpose tho
burden in another form. That would be on
evasion too palpable to explain. They think,
and very properly too, that I am otherwise
well paid, and I cannot wrong them by voting
money into my own pocket under the pretense
that it is required to keep up postage expenses.
But that class of officials whose correspond -
ence is necessary to keep the machinery of
Government in motion cannot afford to pay
the expense of official correspondence. The
Postmaster General understands that, and his
suggestions fortify my assertion that to change
this from unpaid to paid correspondence does
not relieve the Treasury. He says:
"It is not proposed or desired that Government
officials should be personally taxed for the transmis-
sion of their public correspondence. It is asked, on
the other hand, that every Department, every mem-
ber of Congress, and every other publio officer shall
have a liberal allowance of stamps for postages, sub-
ject to a proper accountability, and that the sum
necessary therefor shall be appropriated out of tho
general Treasury."
To carry out this proposition & bill was in-
troduced in the Senate several days ago by the
chairman of the Post Office Committee of that
body. It is understood that it was prepared
and drafted at the Post Office Department. It,
provides for an appropriation to the Vice Pres-
ident and each member of the Senate and
House, leaving the amount blank; but it names
appropriations to the several Departments and
certain officers that aggregate $1,190,000. 11'
we add to this $500 to each Senator and Itep
resentative, including the Vice President,
we have a sum of $149,000 more, and a total
of $1,339,000. Now, when the Postmaster
General shall show this House and the country,
not by loose guesses and unsupported charges
of frauds and evasions, but by a calm present-
ation of facts, wherein his proposed plan will
economize for the people, he will find more
willingness here to give him postage stamps
instead of a frank to carry on the correspond-
ence of his Department.
There is another way to save money by the
abolition of the franking privilege. It does
not enter, however, into a consideration of
postages, but addresses itself to the question
of public printing. If free public documents
shall be excluded from the mails the expense
of the Government Printing Office will be
considerably reduced. But gentlemen must
not suppose that the abolition of the frank will
dispense with the necessity of employing type
in the transaction of the public business. The
laws and proceedings of Congress, and the
books and blanks of all kinds for the several De-
partments must come from the Public Printer,
no matter if all the printing ordered by the two
Houses for distribution among the masses
should be cut off. But if we set down the
entire cost of the public printing, including
appropriations for the Congressional Globe,
and add to this the full postage value of all the
matter that goes under the frank of members,
the whole amount will not reach one half of
what the Postmaster General says it costs to
carry free matter alone. I have been at some
pains to look np these facts. I assert them
boldly and challenge any gentleman to show
their incorrectness. They will bear the closest
scrutiny either here or outside of this House.
I have already presented an estimate, well
supported by facts, of the cost of carrying
mail,matter franked by members of Congress.
The statement which I now present is taken
