2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
facilitate the payment in such manner as shall
be least burdensome to the country. There is
no need that the debt should be paid imme-
diately, however, nor fully in the present gen-
eration. But until we have the means to pay
in full it is obviously important that the most
favorable terms be made with the public cred-
-itor, and that if possible the rate of interest
be reduced. This can only be done by im-
proving the public credit, and this by evincing
our ability and willingness to pay.
Andhereallowmeto say, Mr. Chairman, that
in my opinion it is not so important to improve
our funded credit or increase the market value
of our bonds as it is to do justly and deal honestly
with our general creditors. We have no bonds
to sell, and therefore nothing to make by stim-
ulating prices. And if we may properly and
expediently buy we do not want to "bull the
market." With reference to our bonds it is
enough if we pay the interest promptly and
the principal when we may or must. But, to
the shame of the Government be it said, five
years after the war the floating and non-interest-
bearing debt remains dishonored and unpaid
and at a discount among the peopla. An indi-
vidual dishonest or unjust in little is reckoned
so in much; and the same ethics applies to
nations as to individuals. Let us begin, then,
Mr. Chairman, by honestly paying our washer-
woman, and our bankers and the holders of
our bonds will have more confidence in us.
Let us pay or redeem the greenbacks and our
bonds will be at par with gold, or above it if
we continue to pay the interest. Then, and
in my opinion not till then, can we confidently
expect to refund our funded debt at lower rates
of interest.
Under our present chief Executive, whose
policy of retrenchment and economy is so ably
seconded by the vigilant chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on this floor, and by
the House itself under his leading, we are in
a fair way to reduce the public expenditure
to the lowest practical standard ; and on this
point, therefore, I need but congratulate the
country. But it needs further, Mr. Chairman,
that we husband the resources of the country,
and that we burden the people no further than
is necessary to pay the current expenses of the
Government economically administered, and
to pay the interest upon and finally extinguish
the public debt; and this brings me more im-
mediately to the consideration of the pending
biH.
Taxation, Mr. Chairman, in any form, is
justifiable only for the necessities of Govern-
ment. All beyond is unconstitutional, unwise,
unjust, and oppressive.
Direct taxation of the property of the whole
country pro rata, and according to its true
value in money, would undoubtedly be the
most equitable and just method, and would
equalize the burdens of the people. But such
a method and rule cannot be resorted to under
the Constitution. Direct taxes can only be
levied upon States, and in proportion to popu-
lation, and cannot be levied upon individuals
nor upon property except through the agency
of the State governments. It would be well,
perhaps, if the Constitution were amended in
this respect and so as to permit the adoption
of a method and rule of taxation so obviously
just and equitable. Conceding the power to
levy excise duties and to tax incomes, such
duties and taxes operate partially and un-
equally, burdening some while others are made
to contribute nothing for the common weal.
The "stamp duties" are traditionally odious
to the people and ought to be abolished, as in
my judgment ought also the tax upon incomes
and all internal taxes except those on whisky
and tobacco; and if honest men can be found
to collect the revenues, the tax on whisky
might be increased with advantage to the
country.
From the foundation of the Government the
chief sources of revenue have been duties upon
imports, and until the powers of Congress
shall have been enlarged these must continue
to be our chief reliance. The adjustment of
a tariff and the arrangement of its details from
the beginning have arrayed the people and
their Representatives in party strifes, and
though in abeyance during the war and the
pendency of the great questions resulting, now
that the war is over and these great questions
settled the old issues are revived and are again
upon us, and we cannot, if we would, evade
their discussion.
The Democratic party is traditionally opposed
to what is known as a "protective tariff," and
until recently has uniformly and consistently
advocated a tariff for revenue only, while the
Whig party during its existence maintained the
opposite doctrines. The Democratic party,
however, in its mad stultification of itself by
an unnatural alliance with the slave power of
the South for many years, and the remnant of
the party by its continued insane and implaca-
ble pursuit of the "negro," has lapsed in a
degree from its ancient doctrines, and is no
longer a unit upon this, as it is not upon other
questions. I do not wish to shock the sensi-
bilities of gentlemen of that party upon this
floor who have twice recently voted with me
for a revenue tariff only, but I cannot forbear
to recite a section from the platform for the
year 1868, in which the Democracy of the
United States—
"Demand" * * « * "a, t.arifffor rev-
enue upon foreign imports, and such equal taxation
under the internal revenue laws as will afford inci-
dental protection to domestic manufactures, and as
will, without impairing tho revenue, impose the least
burden upon and best promote and encourage the
great industrial interests of the country."
This section, it will be observed, commits the
national Democratic party to the full measure
of old Whig doctrines on the subject of protec-
tion, aud with the zeal of new converts it over-
leaps the ancient boundaries of that dead and
effete organization, and proposes incidental
protection to domestic manufactures in the
construction of internal revenue laws; a propo-
sition that needs exposition at the hands of the
sachems of the party. It is due to the Democ-
racy to say, however, that this plank probably
originated with and was sandwiched into the
platform by certain fossilized Whigs, who, re-
fusing to be assimilated by the Republican,
sought refuge and obtained sanctuary in the
bosomoftheDemoeraticparty; and that itwas
and is a fraud upon the party, its representa-
tives in the New York convention not having
observed and considered it, or perhaps reck-
lessly, as with regard to other matters, not
caring what was in the platform.
The Republican party, originally organized
with the single object of limiting and localiz-
ing slavery, and slavery having been abolished
and the late subjects of it enfranchised and
raised to the dignity of citizens, unless it ad-
vance its position and define its principles with
reference to the living issues of the present and
of the immediate future, disintegration and dis-
solution await it. " Coming events oast their
shadows before," and already the Republicans
of Indiana have sounded the key-note of the
new dispensation, giving promise of the contin-
uance and perpetuity of the Republican organ-
ization. The elements of the Republican party
comprise men of all shades of opinion upon
questions other than those great and moment-
ous principles which formed the cement of the
organization; and its Representatives upon this
floor, as well as the masses who compose the
party, are left to the free exercise of individual
judgment and opinion upon questions touching
which its platforms are silent or uncertain. The
convention of 1868, it is true, in general terms
has said:
"It is duo to tho labor of the nation that taxation
shall bo equalized and reduced as rapidly as the
national faith will permit."
But, will the members of the party or its
Representatives upon this floor agree upon the
meaning of this section? Will it be claimed
by any that the qualification as to the time of
equalization and reduction of taxation has
more than its apparent meaning; or that it
manifestly implies barriers other than fidelity
to the public creditors? Will there be objec-
tion if, as a member of the party, I interpret
the section to mean that with due observance
of the national faith toward the public credit-
ors it enjoins us now to equalize and reduce
the taxes ? This is its apparent, its obvious
meaning, and until authoritatively construed
I feel myself at liberty to adopt it. The Re-
publican party is not the Whig party. Let no
republicanized Whig therefore undertake to
read me out of the party because of this inter-
pretation of the party platform.
But leaving the further discussion of parties,
living or dead, and their platforms, vital or
obsolete, general or specific, authorized or
fraudulent, to those who acknowledge para-
mount allegiance to party, I proceed, Mr.
Chairman, in the interests of the people of the
whole country, as I understand those interests,
to discuss generally and briefly the principles
of this bill, or rather the principles upon which
suchabill, in myjudgment, ought to beframed.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, upon the introduction of this bill
said, and said well, that while the committee
'' were planning the legislation to be proposed
to this House,they endeavored to remember
and keep constantly in view revenue protection
and consumption." A distinguished Repub-
lican, and an able and recognized leader in
and exponent of the principles of the Repub-
lican party, it is to be feared that in this utter-
ance and in reporting the bill my distinguished
colleague has not been unmindful that he was
once a Whig, and that unconsciously to him-
self he has therein represented the special and
exceptional rather than the general interests
of the people of this great country. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, too, who is under-
stood to be the embodiment of protective
principles, must be conscious of similar ante-
cedents, and inferring from the reduction of
two dollars per ton on "pig-iron" that this
bill is not so dreadfully protective after all,
forgets to urge any reason founded in the gen-
eral good for retaining the seven dollars that
remain. But I do not propose, Mr. Chairman,
to follow or reply to gentlemen who have
spoken, further than may be necessary in dis-
cussing the principles upon whieh the bill is
avowedly reported.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. I was not brought up in
the Whig party or in the school of protection ;
but until 1857 was an intense and, aslbelieved,
a tolerably u'ell-instructed free trader. In
that year, when our tariff was lower thau ever
before, events involving individual, State, and
corporate bankruptcy convinced me that mj'
logic was at fault or Providence had let slip the
management of the world; for with all the condi-
tions of the free trader favorable in a higher
degree than ever before, everything went to
ruin, and I was compelled to revise my theo-
ries, and adopt such as would stand the test of
experience.
Mr. WINANS. The gentleman is entitled
to his explanation ; but I do not desire that he
shall inject a speech into mine.
Why, Mr. Chairman, should the Committee
of Ways and Means have remembered and kept
in view protection as a guiding star in coming
to a conclusion touching the recommendations
of this bill? Was it because the letter and
spirit of the Constitution, both or either, or the
I interests of the peoplerequired it? Or was it,
by strained construction of the organic law,
and in the exercise of mistaken patriotic feel-
ing, to promote local, exceptional, and class
interests, at the expense of and to the preju-
dice of the interests of the nation? I do not
imply that the committee or any member of it
designed to favor special interests at the general
expense; but to suggest that such is the effect
: of the bill which the committee has reported.
I The first clause of the eighth section of the
