2954
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
that ie, the lapse of more than tiro yeans since
the close of the war.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a claim, the Sen-
ator will understand, of a Prussian subject,
presented by the Government of Prussia. I
know of no statute of limitations that would
go against such a claim.
Mr. SAWYER. That statute of limitations
goes against our own citizens in the Court of
Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. If it be so, then the Court
of Claims will recognize it. The object of this
statute is simply to give the party a right to
appear in the Court of Claims. That is all.
Mr. SAWYER. Precisely; but I should
like to ask the Senator whether he thinkathat
it is proper to give a Prussian subject the ben-
efitof an extension of the time which we would
not give to an American citizen.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no extension what-
ever. The claim has never been considered
there.
Mr. SAWYER. Precisely; but it is impos-
sible for an American citizen to bring a claim
like this, arising in a State in insurrection, at
this time on account of more than two years
having elapsed since the close of the war.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senatorthink that
is applicable to a foreign subject in a case like
this? I do not think it is.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the question of the
honorable Senator whether he desires to give
a foreigner a right which does not belong to an
American citizen, and why we should not in the
game spirit in which this bill is drawn extend
the period for an American citizen to have the
right of going into the Court of Claims?
Mr. SUMNER. The Court of Claims is not
open to the Prussian without a special statute.
Now, as I had the honor of explaining some
days ago, there are but one or two Prussian
claims, not enough to justify a treaty on the
subject. It is therefore deemed advisable to
authorize the claimants to enter our own Court
of Claims and there have them adjudicated ;
it is supposed it will be the most economical
coarse. It will save a joint commission.
Mr. SAWYER. I have in my possession a
claim of a Prussian citizen to quite a large
amount, for property taken by our military
authorities after the close of the war, so far as it
was flagrant in my State. I am told it cannot
be heard in the Court of Claims, not because
the party is a Prussian citizen, but because of
the lapse of time.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask, has the
case of the Senator ever been presented by the
Prussian Government?
Mr. SAWYER. I went myself to the Prus-
sian minister in reference to it, and he said be
did not think it was of the slightest consequence
to present it, for he had had no success in the
State Department in any of these matters. ■
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Then I under-
stand it is not presented by the Prussian Gov-
ernment. The point of the present case is
that it has been presented by the Prussian Gov-
ernment ; and the question is whether we will
provide a remedy. There are two ways of
doing it. One is by treaty, and the other by
giving the party an opportunity of going into
our courts. That is all there is.
Mr. SAWYER. I quite agree with the pur-
pose of the bill, and I am anxious to see it
pass because I desire to put in a claim in
behalf of a gentleman in my State in the same
way.
Mr. WTLLEY. I inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts whether this claim had
not been presented and been pending for some
time before the State Department before it
was brought into Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations by the State
Department.
Mr. WILLEY. It had been pending before
the State Department for some time before?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a claim that the Prug-
 ian Government has urged for some time; but
the State Department naturally did not feel
authorized to decide it, and referred it to Con-
gress.
Mr. WILLEY. I have some knowledge of
this case; it was originally referred to the
Committee on Claims ; and I trust the bill will
pass. I think it is due as a matter of courtesy
to a foreign Government.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say to the Senator
from South Carolina that there is this marked
difference between the case before us and the
case to which he calls attention: the case to
which he Calls attention arose under our statute
for disposing of abandoned cotton, and there
two years were given by the act for claimants
to sue. In those cases they have had two years
in which to come into court. If they are now
barred it is by their own laches. In this case
the claimant never has had an opportunity to
come into court. He comes in under this bill,
if at all, for the first time.
Mr. SAWYER. It may be possible that that
difference exists. The Senator is misinformed
or misunderstands me if he supposes that the
property to which I refer was abandoned.
Mr. HOWE. It was captured, then.
Mr. SAWYER. It is claimed to have been
captured, but was not captured in any proper
sense of that term.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions if he is aware that there is a case before
the Prussian Government where citizens of
Massachusetts alleged that their trade-marks
had been stolen and the Prussian Government
has refused them access to her courts and re-
fused to enter into treaty negotiations by which
American trade-marks shall be protected?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware of the case.
There may be such a case, but it has not come
to my aRention.
Mr. CHANDLER. Such a case has been
brought to my attention, and a very flagrant
one, and it is from citizens of Massachusetts.
Their trade-marks were stolen, and an inferior
article manufactured with the false trade-mark,
and our citizens were absolutely driven from
some of the West India islands and other mar-
kets by these counterfeit trade-marks.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator object
to the consideration of the joint resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. Do not object, but let us
do justice in this case, and then 
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to do
justice.
Mr. 8UMNER. Let us begin.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to take hold of
our end.
Mr. SUMNER. We have the best end
when we do justiee ourselves.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I will not object.
Mr. STEWART. I want to show a differ-
ence in treatment toward Prussia and Eng-
land by my conduct. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. CHANDLER. , The Prussian Govern-
ment has refused an act of justice to citizens
of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of 1868 on the
subject of all seizures of property under the
war statutes provided that aliens might go into
the Court of Claims in every oase where the
country of the alien permitted our citizens to
sue their Government in their courts. If this
seizure was made, as I rather think it was from
the report, under any of our statutes relating
to intercourse with insurrectionary districts, or
under the captured andabandoned property
statute, or any of those statutes connected with
the carrying on of war, then we have gone just
as far in favor of thia claimant as we ought to
go. We have provided that he may sue in the
Court of Claims just like anybody else, pro-
vided that his Government accords to citizens
of the United States the right to prosecute
claims against that Government in its courts.
That was the limitation put upon suits by for-
eigners in the Court of Claims, after a great
deal of consideration, in the act of 1868. We
ought not to go beyond that, as it appears to
me entirely outside of the Court of Claims.
If this was an illegal seizure, the Prussian has
a right to bring his suit, under the Constitu-
tion, in the circuit court of the United States
against the officer who made the seizure; and
if he establishes that the seizure was unfounded,
he recovers his damages, and the Government
of course has to pay the officer, if the officer
was acting under orders.
I say, then, it does not appear to me that it
is so very clear that this resolution ought to
pass, even in the shape it is. However, I will
move an amendment, in order to test the sense
ofthe Senate on one question, as to what ''equity
and justice" mean here, which is a pretty broad
rule to lay down for a court; that is, its mere
discretion of what it thinks is right. I move
to strike out the words "justice and equity,''
or whatever they are which give discretion to
the court, and to insert the word "law," so
that it will read that he may sue in the Court
of Claims and recover if he can make out a
case which upon the principles of law entitles
him to recover.
Mr. SUMNER. The objection to the amend-
ment is that it will make it necessary for the
bill to go back to the House of Representa-
tives, and I doubt whether the result would be
materially different.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They will concur in the
amendment at once, I presume.
Mr. SUMNER. The Prussian Government
have pressed this particular measure very
strongly, and they complain that we have not
shown a willingness to give a Prussian subject
an opportunity of a hearing in our courts of
justice. That is all they ask, a hearing in our
courts of justice. If the Senator thinks his
amendment advisable, I shall make no oppo-
sition to it. I should prefer, however, that he
would withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would were it not for
the fact that otherwise it leaves a mere discre-
tion to the court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendmentof the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the resolution t,o be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
ALASKA TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 576) to establish a territorial govern-
ment for the Territory of Alaska.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.
Let that be passed over.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
NEBRASKA AND DAKOTA BOUNDARY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 779) to redefine a portion of the boundary
line between the State of Nebraska and the
Territory of Dakota, which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
S0 800n as the State of Nebraska, through her
Legislature, has given her consent thereto, the
center of the main channel of the Missouri river
shall be the boundary line between the State
of Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota, be-
tween the following poiats: commencing at a
point in the center of the main channel, north
of the west line of section twenty-four in town-
ship twenty-nine north, of range eight east of
thesixth principal meridian, and runningalong
the same to a point west of the most northerly
portion of fractional section seventeen, of town-
ship twenty-nine north, of range nine east of
said meridian, in the State of Nebraska, same-
andered and shown by the plats and surveys
