1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3899
There are other fields where discoveries in
geography might be made that would be of
some utility. We have east of us a vast con-
tinent, yet comparatively unexplored and un-
known, with which we might have some com-
mercial interests, and certainly with which we
are very greatly interested at the present time.
I should be willing to vote for an appropriation
for the discovery of that. There we could look
for something favorable and something benefi-
cial ; but for this I see no reason.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered: and
being taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 25 ; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Antlionv, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, 0o!e,
Corbett, Flanagan, Hamlin, llarlan, Harris, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye. Or-born,
Patterson, Pool. Ramsey, Sawyer. Sprasue, Stewart,
Stfickton, Sumner, Warner, and Yates—2S.
KAYS—Messrs. Amos, Bayard. Chandler, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Ferry, Fowler. Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Mc-
Crecry, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Rice, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Spencer, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Willey, and Williams—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Drake,
Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Howe, Lewis, Morton,
Norton, Pomeroy,Revels, Robertson, Schurz, Scott,
Thayer, Thurman, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments reported by the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to offer
a proviso, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment we have just acted on:
Provided, That if, in the discretion of the Presi-
dent, it shall be more advantageous to the Govern-
ment that the sum hereby appropriated shall be
expended in the exploration of the river Colorado
and the Territory of Alaska, he may use the same
for such purposes instead of anything else herein
provided.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
proposition which I make will strike the sense
o-f the Senate as manifestly proper. Here is a
portion in the interior of our own country about
which we know nothing; and shall we authorize
a new and costly expedition to the north pole
in preference to exploring the interior of our
own country? Then, there is the territory of
Alaska, about the interior of which we abso-
lutely know nothing more than was communi-
cated to us by the distinguished chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations. Shall
we go the north pole, to find there an open or
a closed sea, before we know something about
this new territory we have just acquired at a
vast expense? I think there should be some-
thing like unanimity in relation to this prop-
osition, and I therefore offer the amendment
in perfect good faith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following
amendment, to come in as a new section :
And be it further enncted, That from and after the
1st day of January A, D. 1870. tho salary ot the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States shall be $12,000 per annum, and the salary of
each of the associate justices of said court shall be
frlO.OOO per annum, to be paid in the manner now
piovided by law. And the salary of judges of the
circuit court and the chiet justice of the supreme
court of the Dibtrict of Columbia shall be $6,500 per
annum ; and tho salary ofdistrict judges, the judges
of the Court of Claims, and the associate judges of
the supreme court ot ttie District of Columbia shall
be $5,000 per annum. And the amount neces-'ary to
pay such increased salaries for the year ending June
30, 1871, is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STEWART. This amendment comcs
from a majority of the Judiciary Committee,
and I hope that (lie Senate will adopt it. It
can be understood on its reading. ^ It seems to
me that it is but reasonable and just that the
judges of our courts should be so paid that they
may be independent; that is, have enough upon
which to live reasonably. I believe that is
economy for the Government; I believe that
it is necessary to the administration of justice.
If we intend to have our laws upheld and
enforced, we must place the judges in an inde-
pendent position. Another thing is very im-
portant. Lawyers are not as provident a class
as many others, and many of the ablest lawyers
have not a fortune. The salaries that are now
paid enable none but the rich to" go upon the
bench. They exclude from the ben eh the ablest
and best men in the land because they are poor.
The courts are rich men's courts, or courts
dependent upon the favors of the rich. This
should not be so. The judiciary was intended
to be independent. That was one object of
the Constitution. The amounts named in my
amendment are but reasonable. If you intend
to have the laws enforced, tho dignity of the
courts sustained, the dignity of the laws up-
held, you must, as 1 said before, pay the judges
enough to give them a reasonable and inde-
pendent living. The judges cannot increase
their own salaries; they have very little pat-
ronage, and consequently they have been sorely
neglected. We are heaping jurisdiction upon
the United States courts beyond parallel. Now,
let us take the judges of our court3 out of
poverty, so that they need not be required to
be either rich or dependent upon the rich;
but let them be dependent upon this Govern-
ment for their support, so that they can act for
the Government. We have no right to com-
plain of the dishonesty of judges if we do not
pay them sufficient to enable them to discharge
the duties of their offices properly and live
respectably.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to ask tho
Senator what connection the possession of
patronage has with the ability of a judge?
Mr. STEWART. I mean to say that the
judges of the United States courts have no
patronage or political power to come into
Congress and ask for and secure an increase
of pay. They have not asked for this; but the
observation of every man and the experience
of every man shows that they have not asufficient
allowance on which they can support their fam-
ilies. It is a question whether the J udiciary shall
be either in the hands of the rich or under the
control of the rich, or whether you will have
the best talent in the nation, supported by the
nation, to uphotd the nation's laws. It is true
economy. It is through the courts that the
most of the benefit of the Government comes.
The people deal with the courts more than with
any other arm of the Government. To them,
at last, they look for impartial justice. Let
us have impartial men as judges, paid reason-
ably; and I say this is but reasonable. I do
hope that the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] who takes a deep interest in this
matter, may have ten minutes by common con-
sent to discuss this question, and I will occupy
no more time.
Mr. CAMERON. I had a little arrangement
with the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations that I should be allowed to bring in
at three o'clock a bill giving a few hundred
dollars to some fifteen or twenty soldiers who
lost their health to sucli an extent in southern
prisons that it cannot be brought back. Now,
I wish to say that I shall vote for this amend-
ment if there is no more time consumed in talk-
ing on it; but if it takes more time I shall vote
against increasing the pay of the judges. Every-
body understands the question as well as the
gentlemen who may talk about it. I will say to
those in favor of the amendment that it they
will stop talking I will vote with them. ["Ques-
tion !" "Question!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. CONKLING. We ought to have the
yeai and nays on that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this amendment
need not be debated. Everybody understands
the question. But I want to offer an amendment
to it,. I think the rates fixed for the justices
of the Supremo Court are lower in proportion
than any other officers of tho Government. I
have long felt that their salaries ought to be
increased. I think, however, that a salary of
$8,000 for the associate justices, which would
put them on the same footing with the heads
of Departments, and a salary of $10,000 for
the Chief Justice, would be a reasonable in-
crease.^ I offer that as an amendment to this
proposition. I think there are other judges
included in this amendment who ought'not to
be included; but I move now, in line four, to
amend by striking out "$12,000" and insert-
ing "$10,000" as the salary of the Chief Jus-
tice; and in line six, by striking out "$10,000"
and inserting "$8,000" as the salary of the
associate justices of the Supreme Court. I
think that will give the justices a fair and
liberal compensation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why make $2,000 dif-
ference between the Chief Justice and the
associate justices?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Judiciary Committee
have made that difference. I think it is a little
too much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The old law makes only
$500 difference.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to submit a sim-
ple and direct question, I will simply move,
in the first place, to strike out'' $10,000 " and
insert"$8,000" as thesalary of the associate
justices of the Supremo Court of the United
States.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to amend
the amendment further, by making the salary
of the Chief Justice $10,000 instead of $12,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The salary of the circuit
judges was fixed within a year at $5,000, This
amendment, within a year of the appointment
of those judges, proposes to make it $6,500.
It seems to me that is wrong. If there is any
necessity for an increase it ought not to be so
much. I have this to say: that the circuit
judges generally travel in a region of country
where it costs less to live than here, and I
think the amount fixed for them ought to be
decreased. I move, therefore, in the clause
relative to the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia and the
circuit judges of the United States to make
their salaries $5,500 per annum instead of
$G,500.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not bo
done. The circuit judges have a great deal of
traveling to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out
" $6,500" and insert " $5,500" as the salary
of the United States circuit judges and the
chief justice of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD. I regret exceedingly that
the reduction already proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio should have taken
place. I think this proposition to reduce the
allowance for the salary of t^e circuit judges
of the United States from that proposed in the
original amendment to $5,500 would render
their pay entirely inadequate. In my belief'
the people of this country, the masses of this
country, will most readily understand and ap-
preciate the necessity to them of having the
highest class of human intellect and human
character in judicial positions. They will ap-
preciate it more than any other class of people.
It is not to men of wealth or men of power
that the purity and ability of the judge are
so especially necessary. It is to the friend-
less man, it is to the man of no influence, that
the high character and ability of a judge,
which shall enable him to hold the scales even
between the powerful and powerless, sue ot
prime importance. I'Or that reason 1 deem it
