1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
and bitterness of speech, after the sword has
been beaten into plowshares and the spear into' |
nruning-hooks. But there are burning plow- ,
shares of the uiind which are still driven
through the souls of southern men as if they
were out of the pale of human kind, and for
whom there is to be no spirit of forgiveness,
no letting up of aggressive and oppressive acts,
which, while they call for the lowest possible
abasement in politics upon bended knee, react
iu the most demoralizing manner upon the
party i" power, upon the North, which it rep-
resents, for nothing is more true than that a ;
haughty spirit comes before a fall.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to advert at ,
any length to the late past as regarding the
present or pointing into the future. Briefly I
will say that it has gone into history, and asense
of its woes is deeply graven upon the hearts of
all thoughtful men, even if they have uot actu-
ally suffered from the insolence of office, civil
and military. So deeply had those " flown by
pride of power and place" in the war period
of our history sunk into the popular heart and
soul that had not the party now in power gone
clean oat of its ranks to nominate for the Pres-
idency a military hero, and one who had habit-
ually voted in the Democratic party, as for
Buchanan and for Douglas, and had at no time
expressed his regret for such exercise of suf-
frage, nor in any manner declared his adhesion
to the notorious and obnoxious doctrines of
Radical riot, rule, and ruin, such a party could
have had no show of success at the late presi-
dential election. As it was; the nomination at
Chicago not only excited no enthusiasm among
the people, but in fact the Republican party
was for weeks thereafter in a fearful state* of
'' dissolution and thaw." By the earnest men
of that party it was regarded as inconsequen-
tial, from their innate faith and work. The
more conservative portion declared it a nom-
ination not fit to be made.
Sir, we all remember with what violence the
party in power turned upon the Chief Justice
of the nation when in the hour of his coun-
try's peril he Btood as a sword and shield in
defense of law and justice, when the very life
of the Constitution seemed to be ebbing ont at
every pore. And, sir, the Democratic or Con-
servative interests are destined to sweep this
country in the next presidential contest, for
we intend to place at the head of our ticket
gentlemen who have heels as well as brains.
We intend to win. The people of the whole
country are now aroused; and the very thought
of this fact should admonish the party in power
to be moderate in their temper, wise, prudent,
and just in their policy, in consistence with the
unquestioned public sentiment of the country
at tnis very day and hour, and also under their
solemnly sworn obligations under the Consti-
tution and the laws, made in a spirit of right
reason, in accordance with its controlling pro-
visions.
Action in this manner and of this kind the
people now desire; yea, they demand it of us.
To heed them not is rushing upon fate. They
call for peace and a cessation of hostilities
against a brave but fallen people. Heartily
desiring that restoration of friendly relations
which ever ensues between foemen worthy of
the steel of each other, to the end that return-
ing justice and prosperity, peace and happiness,
may crown all and bless all, they demand of
this Congress that the game of politicians in
ferocious machinations to the hurt of the con-
quered shall cease; and that penal and puni-
tive legislation shall be modified, softened, and
assuaged, and not hardened up in the spirit of
bitter asperities and made cumulative in ex-
actions, disabilities, and punishments. They
demand that war shall cease; that the sword
shall be sheathed; that Congress shall act for
pardon and amnesty; that the people shall
again vote and rule; and that, above all, the
courts shall be put in full operation, so that
once more returning justice shall lift "aloft
her scale."
All this is demanded of the people by their
rulers, to vindicate the common honor and
fume which have beeu sorely tarnished by
harsh and unnecessary acts of tyranny in the
form of arbitrary arrests; by those cruel incar-
cerations of innocent men without charge of
guilt which so often proved fatal to them, and
whose cases have gone from earthly tribunals
up to the eternal and avenging Providence ;
by the seizure of property without recompense,
whereby thousands have languished by disease
or died from pinching want; by stamping out
free and full discussion upon this floor; by deny-
ing the Representatives of the people their seats
here; by arraigning, utterly without legal
groundwork, an excutive who honestly ad-
hered to the fundamental law of the land; by
overawing or suppressing thatgreat bulwark of
popular rights, a free press ; by assailing and
undermining the courts of justice ; by general
profligacy of public expenditure ; by legislation
for class or moneyed interests, and not for the
masses of the people or the labor of the country;
by overriding State authority; by illegal trials
and executions, some of which have sown unto
the bitter end those seeds of remorse which shall
ever spring up afresh in the paths of murder-
ous oppressors in forms that freeze the blood,
sear the eye-balls, and sap life itself; by a
crushing out of that State system and State
authority and State self-government, which is
the gem, the bright particular star, the ever-
shining beacon of safety of our republican form
of Government; and finally by steering the
ship of state upon the ground-swell of an all-
absorbing centralism, menacing a fearful ship-
wreck in the political maelstrom of a nation,
"which may be rent by civil feuds and
drenched with fraternal blood," only to end
in an absolutism established at the cannon's
mouth over the unavailing resistance of a
people who, not forgetting tbeir honorable ex-
traction from fathers who hewed their way to
liberty with the sword, and knowing, too, their
natural and reserved rights, will not tamely
yield them until after the effusion of a sea of
blood which shall whelm desolated homes and
homesteads far and wide.
Mr. Speaker, do you like the picture? Is it
wise to go on in this wild work of destructive-
ness rather than of cultivating the arts of peace
in trade and commerce; in this wiping out of
the limitations of national authority; in this
breaking down of Stater barriers; in this em-
barking upon a boundless sea of legislation ?
Will it not surely end in discontents, murmurs,
and tumults of the people in its several parts;
in agitation and hostility to the great central
authority; in dissensions in portions of the
country, one with another, and all against the
head ? Are not the lessons of history a mock-
ery and a delusion, if in the end there should
not be States discordant, belligerent, convulsed
by revolution or rebellion, and drenching the
land in fraternal blood ? It is easy to go on in
this wild, wayward, and reckless course, for,
says the Latin maxim, 11 Facilis decensus
Averni," easy is the descent to hell.
But -I submit, Mr. Speaker, whether we had
not better arrest our wild, strange, and devious
steps, and return to the plain path of strict
law at the close of a civil war which has con-
vulsed the country like the throes of an earth-
quake, and has put a hideous aspect upon the
public and private life through that notorious
and palpable demoralization or spread of vice,
shame, venality, and crime which are insep-
arable from a protracted intestine war of such
vast magnitude in its proportions as to invade
hearthstones for men to carry it on; and which
has exhausted, and is exhausting, the means of
the masses of the people by a grossly unequal
taxation, which, according to the statements of
your Republican statistician and ex-Commis-
sioner, David A. Wells, is making the rich
richer and the poor poorer, and thus sapping
the very life of the nation in an agony of bloody
sweatof its labor? To specify the most obnox-
ious legislation of which I have spoken in gen-
eral terms, I need only refer to the late action of
Congress, under the pressure of the previous
question^ and an unprecedented legislative
tyranny in the regard of a limitation of de-
bate to the smallest possible period, and a
portion of that in midnight hours, upon the
bill expelling Georgia from the Union, though
her Representatives held seats on this floor
during the Fortieth Congress. This action of
the House involves not a less gross contra-
diction in its terms as distinguished from its
logical consequences, than of a wild trampling
upon everything like State rights under con-
stitutional guarantees.
I made a few remarks upon the Georgia dis-
abling bill before it passed, and I have neither
the time nor desire now to go into an argument
upon the subject, which has but one side to it,
as was elaborately shown by the Senators from
my State at the other end of the Capitol. The
utter atrocity of the measure I shall show by
declarations in debate furnished by most dis-
tinguished members of the House who are
Republicans in politics.
Of that stupendous measure of usurpation
and general lawlessness and most abandoned
viciousness in policy, Mr. Bingham, of Ohio,
said:
"I wish to say further, in passing, that this bill,
for the first time in the history of the American Re-
public, lays at the feet of the Executive of a Stato
the power at his pleasure to enforce or dispense with
a national act. The bill puts the Governor of Georgia
above all the people ana their laws." * * *
" The bill, sir, is not worthy of a moment's consid-
eration in the House of the Representatives of tho
people, and for one, no matter what party dictation
may say, I stand here to declare that I shall record
my vote against it. It does not become the Repre-
sentatives of the people to be dragooned in any such
manner into legislation which touches not merely
the rights of the people of Georgia, but touches tho
rights of all the people of this Republic.
" I deny, sir, the right of Congress to lay the execu-
tive power of a national law at the feet of a State
official t o be exercised or denied at his pleasure in his
discretion. I know not, sir, by what title Governor
Bullock or any other Governor of any State comes
here to demand anysuch thing at our hands. I know
that by the literal language of this bill—and I chal-
lenge any man to gainsay it—this Legislature is to be
forthwith summoned to meet on a day certain to be
named by the Governor, not by us. Why, sir, if there
is anything settled under the Constitution of the
United States this is settled: that whatever rights are
conferred, whatever duties are enjoined under the
Constitution of the United States upon the Govern-
ment of the United States they are to be executed, put
in force, carried out bj; its own executive, legislative,
or judicial officers without asking the consent or
concurrence of any man of any State exercising the
functions of a State official."
Of the same headlong rapacious act Mr.
Farnsworth, of Illinois, said :
" It is proposed now to go back and overturn tho
action of Congress and the action of General Meade,
approved by General Grant, then General-in-Chief:
to eat our words and stultify ourselves, and for what ?
To put the entire power of the State of Georgia in
the hands of one man and to put at his back the
further power that the President shall—they are not
willing to leave it with the constitutional provision—
but tho President shall send him such troops as he
may ask for to carry out his views in this matter.
Without waiting for insurrection or rebellion, with-
out waiting for any violation of law, without declar-
ing for what cause, the Governor may call on tho
President for troops, and the President shall supply
him with such troops as may be necessary to carry
out the provisions of this act. I am not surprised at
the appeals which come to us from Georgiafor God's
sake not to put this power, so great, so dangerous, in
the hands of a civilian, but if the power is to be
given to anybody, that it shall be given to the mili-
tary commandant of that State, who has his respons-
ibility to the military power of the Government."
Having thus proved upon the Radical party
here an unparalleled high-pre3sure legislation
in fraud of sound policy and in defiance of
the Constitution, through the declarations of
most trusted men of the Republican party
itself, I proceed to another subject, which,
judged from like quarters, convicts the party
in power of having introduced, it is feared, an
incurable form of demoralization, if not of
vice and shame, into American . politics. I
refer to the system which has grown up of late
in the land whereby office seeking and giving
is reduced to a system, by which rings of mean,
incapable, and venal politicians manage to mo-
nopolize leading offices to their benefit, while,
practically, the people have as little to say in
