1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
first article of tbe Constitution of the United
States, it, is believed, grantsallthepowerwhicli
Congress has to levy taxes, though other
sections and clauses may direct the manner in
which they shall be levied. Itreadsas follows:
" Tho Congress shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States; but all duties, im-
posts, and excises shall bo uniform throughout the
United States."
Doubtless, the power to lay and collect
duties given by this clause is the power under
which it is proposed to pass this bill. What
are duties to be levied and collected for ? The
answer is found in the clause which lias been
quoted: " to pay the debts and provide for the
common defense and general welfare of the
United States." The object of levying and
collecting duties, therefore, is and can only be
to raise money with which "to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense, &c., of
the United States." Unless, therefore, the
Government needs money to pay the debts,
&c., of the United States, it can levy or collect
no duties. And it follows that as duties can
only be levied for revenue, a tariff whose object
is, per se, to protect domestic manufactures,
must be unconstitutional, and not within the
power of Congress to enact. Suppose, for illus-
tration, the Treasury was full and overflowing
and the supplies were ample for the needs of
the Government for years to come, could Con-
gress levy duties ? If so, could they be levied,
except to anticipate the future needs of the
Government?
If the letter of the Constitution excludes
protection as an objective consideration in
tariff legislation so does the spirit also. For
if you may not, in the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, levy a prohibitory duty, so neither may
you levy a protective duty. A duty is not and
cannot be protective except to the extent
that it is prohibitory; and it must, therefore,
pro tanto, be without the powers of Congress
where protection is the object and not the
necessary incident of legislation framed within
both the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. A constitutional tariff for revenue may,
it is true, operate incidentally to protcctdomes-
lic manufactures, and in such case it cannot
be helped, but is to be deprecated; because,
while the people who buy the domestic article
pay the duty, tho proceeds, instead of going
into the coffers of the Government to enable
it to pay the debfe, &c., of the United States,
are diverted, and serve to enrich the capitalist
who fattens upon the taxes levied to support
the Government, which the people have always
been willing to and have cheerfully paid.
Believing, Mr. Chairman, that a tariff for
protection is unconstitutional, I submit that it
is also inexpedient and unjust; nay, if you will
pardon me, it is rascally and dishonest in its
principle and operation. Under pretense or
raising revenues for the Government it taxes
the people for the benefit of individuals, and
enriches the few at the expense of the many.
It enhances the prices of goods—not only for-
eign goods which are taxed but domestic goods
which are protected ; nor these alone but other
goods, which are neither taxed nor protected,
by sympathy are increased in market value.
It increases the price of living; it discourages
marriage ; it stimulates and promotes specula-
tion and gambling, vice and immorality ; it falls
the towns and cities with people who receive
precarious subsistence in the servicc and at
the hands of capital and discourages the tnt-
in<* of the soil; it leaves the public domain a
waste and the resources of the country unde-
veloped, and it tends and ever tends and tends
only to make the rich richer and the poor
poorer. The best argument, m my judgment,
which those offer who favor the principle ot
protection in tariff legislation, is that by toster-
ing and building up domestic manufactures we
make our country to be independent of other
nationaiities. . . . . ,
But, Mr. Chairman, is it desirable that we
should have or enjoy such independence?
China and Japan may be cited as instances of
nations which have thus been independent.
Do we emulate them in this respect? Do we
desire to practice the exclusiveness which dis-
tinguishes them among the nations ? It is also
urged With plausibility but with transparent
sophistry, that by building up manufactures by
means of a protective revenue policy, a home
market is created for our surplus agricultural
products. Those engaged in manufactures,
Mr. Chairman, whether as capitalists or as
operatives, must eat, it is true, but they would
be under the same natural necessity if, in-
stead, they were tillers of the soil; and with
the same population the sama supplies will be
needed without regard to the occupations of
the people. By building up manufactures by
means of protective duties those engaged
therein, without ceasing to be consumers, are
withdrawn from or prevented from engaging in
agricultural industry, and the surplus of agri-
cultural products which forms the staple of our
exports in foreign commerce is greatly dimin-
ished, and as a consequence our imports and
the revenues thence arising are diminished
also, or else large balances of trade result to be
paid in coin. It may not be improper that I
should pause at this point and refer to the re-
centdecline in gold, which was not, in my judg-
ment, by reason of Government purchases of
bonds, the principal and interest of which are
payable in coin, but was and is the result of
the diminution of the balance of trade against
us, together with economy of administration
and faithful collection of the revenues, and in
spite of the existence of an irredeemable cur-
rency and the present unjust and burdensome
protective tariff.
It is very desirable that we have domestic
manufactures and that all industries, however
exceptional, should be encouraged if they are
not parasitic, if they can be established and
maintained on a footing with and without sub-
sidizing other industries equally worthy to be
fostered and encouraged, and if they can be
made to contribute to the greatness, the inde-
pendence, happiness, and wealth of our great,
nation and people. And with the versatility
and comprehensiveness of American inventive
genius, and with the continued emigration to
this country of the bone and muscle and brains
of the Old World, there is no reason to doubt
that with labor-saving machinery and increase
in the number of laborers, American manufac-
tures may be made to flourish and successfully
to compete with foreign in an open field and a
fair fight, as well in foreign as in domestic
markets. . .
It is also speciously argued by protectionists
that a protective policy stimulates manufac-
tures in such degree that tho resulting inter-
national and domestic competition will soon
reduce the cost of manufacture and the price
of goods to a level with or below the prices
which would obtain without protection. Sev-
eral answers may be made to this:
First. It is not generally true, though it may
be in exceptional cases and with reference to
a few articles. The present tariff has been
in operation long enough to test the question,
and long enough, according to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. McCakthyJ to have
demonstrated the truth of the proposition with
reference to the article of salt ; yet prices gen-
erally are unquestionably higher than during
or at the close of the war, and certainly much
higher than before the war ;
Second. If it were true, absolutely and fully,
the justice of alimenting private enterprises
by public pap for a time or during infancy is
no more apparent than permanently and con-
tinuously to do the same thing. If the busi-
ness will ultimately pay without protection
capital will respond and manufactures will
flourish without such extraordinary nurture ;
and if it were otherwise it were better that we
buy our goods in the open market than that
we pay millions for the prospect of getting
them as cheap at an indefinite future time.
Farming does not pay the first nor the second
year. The pioneer and the squatter must build
his cabin and his crib and must clear and fence
his" land before he sows his seed or reaps his
harvest. Protection supersedes the order and
sequence of seed-time and harvest and enables
the capitalist to reap where he has not sown ;
and-whether this privilege and franchise be
permanent or temporary it is equally unjust to
thos§ who are taxed to keep the sickle going;
and
Third. Capitalists and manufacturers ali-
mented by protective duties are inclined to post-
pone the weaning and still to suck the paps,
though the toddling and even the walking stage
has been attained. Witness the tenacity with
which the manufacturers of salt hold on to the
duty, notwithstanding the gentleman from New
York informs us salt is nearly as low as before
the duty was imposed.
If, as I assume, the agricultural and the
planting are the great interests of this coun-
try, which have not been and cannot be pro-
tected by tariff legislation because we export
corn and wheat and cotton, and if we can buy
foreign goods at home cheaper than we can
make or manufacture them ourselves, why
should we not export the surplus of our har-
vests and bring back in exchange the goods
we want from other countries? If we were
willing to take foreign goods for our agricul-
tural products, our breadstuffs and our cotton,
we should have no occasion to complain that
we have no foreign demand or market, and
remunerative prices would reward the hus-
bandman and the planter. If manufacturing
will not pay why should we be called upon to
make up the losses of those who engage in it?
Why should we be required, by a bonus, to
make a losing a paying business? The policy
and the principle of protection discourages the
exportation of our staples, because it destroys
their market. Those of whom we do not buy
are not disposed.to buy of us, and if protec-
tion tends to commercial independence it is
the independence of the bear, which subsists
in winter by the absorption of its own fat.
In reporting the bill it will not be forgotten
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, explaining the delay of the com-
mittee in reporting it, said—
"That without offending almoft the whole com-
munity [the committee] could not hurry to give Con-
gress the results of [their] deliberations without
hearing persons deputed to represent or coming
themselves to represent, because interested m tho
various matters and pursuits which ongage tno
people of this country;"—
That they had—
" therefore patiently from day to day and from
evening to evening, and even often alLaay and au
evening, sat, investigated, and patiently considered
what was brought to [them] in the way of informa-
tion or argument upon tho part of the constituents
of gentlemen here, and very often brought to Lthemj
by gentlemen representing those constituencies
themselves."
And it will not be forgotten that the com-
mittee, in order that they might hear these dele-
gations, interests, and representatives,^ asked
and obtained leave to sit daring the sittings of
the House; and that, finding their room too
small in which to receive the _ crowds that
pressed for admission and a hearing, the com-
mittee were driven to seek and have assigned
it a larger room in which to hold receptions.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the recitals of the chair-
man of the committee of the reasons for delay
in reporting the bill, added to the facts which
I have suggested, evince that many interests
of a private nature were consulted in the fram-
ing of this bill. But what delegations, con-
stituencies, or Representatives have sought or
had a hearing at the hands of the committee
in the interests of the people who are to De
subsidized to promote the interests of md vict-
uals who were so fully heard and represented ?
Do we, Mr. Chairman, represent the people
here, or do we represent pig-iron, calico, and
hair-pins? The people elect Representatives
to look after and take care of their interests m
