1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Winchester.
Ho. of Reps.
words of the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch]—
"It creates a crime without providing a punish-
ment, enacts a law without a penalty for its infrac-
tion, and makes fundamental conditions without
supplemental consequences."
Sir, it is too true that the " Government is in
a transition state." Phaeton has sprung into
the seat of Apollo, and the coursers of the sun
dash wildly through the heavens, threatening
destruction to the ardent hopes and expecta-
tions of man. Such, sir, are the fruits of the
departure from the written and true spirit of
the Constitution; such the results of doctrines
promulgated by men who claim to be wiser and
better and purer than their own ancestors, who
reject the work approved by their own Franklin,
Jay, and Hamilton in their affected aping of
Wilberforce, under a system in which Parlia-
ment is supreme ; men who would extinguish
the last ray of our glory in their worship of an
abstraction. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us
contains the following provisions, which are
denominated fundamental:
First, that no person shall hold any office, civil or
military, in said State who shall not have taken and
subscribed one of thefollowingoaths or affirmations,
namely : " I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
an officer of tho United States, or as amember of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to Support the Constitution of the
United States and thereafter engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same, or given aid or com-
fort to the enemies thereof:" or, "I do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that i have been relieved from dis-
ability by an act of Congress, as provided for by the
third section of the fourteenth article of tho amend-
ments of the Constitution of theUnited States." Sec-
ond, that the constitution of said State shall never
bo so amended or changcd as to deprivo any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States of the right
to vote or hold office in said Stato who are entitled
to vote or hold office by said constitution, except as
a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies at
common law, whereof they shall have been duly con-
victed under laws equally applicable to all the in-
habitants of said State; or to prevent any person on
account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitudefrom serving asa juror or participating equally
in the school fund or school privileges provided for
in said constitution.
The test-oath has not been exacted of any
Legislature of any of the reconstructed States,
I believe, sir, except in the case of Georgia,
which bill was passed during this session. If
I am wrong I hope to be corrected. The oath
embraced in the constitution of Virginia as
adopted, which all the officers of the State are
required to take, is as follows :
"All persons before entering upon the discharge
of any functions as officers of this State must take
and subscribe to the following oath or affirmation:
"I do solemnly swear that I will support and sus-
tain the Constitution and laws of the United States
and the constitution and laws of the State of Vir-
ginia; that I recognize and accept the civil and
political equality of all men before the laws, and
that I will faithfully perform the duty of to
the best of my ability; so help me God."
Sir, is not Virginia's loyalty protected suffi-
ciently by that oath ? " Swearing" can never
change the habits of a people, obliterate recol-
lections, transfer attachments and reverence,
extinguish animosities, or correct sentiments
and prejudices, if you please. Again, sir, the
bill seeks to prohibit forever any changes being
made in regard to suffrage, sitting on juries, the
school fund, &c. Will not Virginia, sir, when-
ever restored,have the same control and author-
ity over her constitution as other States; the
same right to alter, amend, or change? As
said by my colleague from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] "Congress cannot pass a law declar-
atory of the Constitution." Of course no State
can do anything forbidden in the Constitution;
but Congress when it passes this bill virtually
recognizes that there is nothing in it to prevent
the very enactments which are pretended to be
guarded against. They will be as unavailing
as the efforts of Sisyphus against the constant
all-pervading, immutable power of gravitation.
Let the gentlemen remember that remarkable
declaration of Chief Justice Marshall from the
bench, that " Congress has undoubtedly great
power, but it cannot make a fact out of a false-
hood."
Mr. Speaker, the all-embracing wisdom of
the framers of our organic law seems to have
anticipated and provided for every exigency
that might arise in the complicated affairs of
government, and Mr. Madison, in reference to
the very text on which all this assumption is
based, the right to "guaranty a republican
form of government," says in the forty-third
number of the Federalist, that—
" It may possibly be asked whether it may not be-
come a pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ments, without the concurrence of the States them-
selves. But the authority extends no further than
to a guarantee of a republican form, which supposes
a preexisting government of the form which is to be
guarantied. Whenever the States may choose to
substitute other republican forms they have the right
to do so, a.nd to claim the Federal guarantee for the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them is that
they shall not exchange republican for anti-repub-
lican constitutions."
Sir, you may inscribe over the door of ad-
mission into the Union the password of Radi-
calism, and permit no State to pass that fails
to give it. These exactions may be enforced
now, but remember that " though the mills of
God grind slowly, yet they grind exceedingly
small," and the time will come when they will
vanish as flax at the touch of flame. It has
been said that there are imperious circum-
stances which compel parties to a perseverance
in their designs; but how can we account for
the implacable purpose that persists in brand-
ishing the torch amid the ruins it has made,
and pursuing those whom it has destroyed
with unrelenting hate, unless it be—
"Stept in so far, that, should they wade no more,
Returning were as tedious as go o'er."
Mr. Speaker, the advocates of this bill seem
to bo entirely oblivious of a positive and ex-
plicit promise made to Virginia, even prior to
the fresh demand of April 10 past. It is con-
tained in section five of the act of March 2,1867,
which I will read.
"Sec. 5. That when tho people of any one of said
rebel States shall have formed a constitution of gov-
ernment in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States in all respects, framed by a convention
of delegates elected by the in ale citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition, who have been resident
in said State for ono y oar previous to the day of such
election, except such as may bo disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law : and when such constitution shall provide
that the elective franchise shall be enj oyed by all such
persons as have the qualifications herein stated for
electors of delegates; and when such constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval and Congress shall have approved
tho same; and when said State by a vote of its Legis-
lature elected under said constitution shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by t,he Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen; and when said
article shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, said State shall bo declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on
their taking the oaths prescribed by law; and then
and thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall
be inoperative in said State."
Has not Virginia come up fully to all the re-
quirements? No surrendering people ever did
more promptly, more absolutely, more sub-
missively, or with one tenth the sacrifice of
property and hope and pride and feeling com-
ply with all the terms demanded on her part.
She has changed her organic law and redigested
her municipal code to conform to the new
order of things. She hazarded a social revo-
lution and a paralysis of every form of labor
which well might have awed the most thrifty
people and the most firmly established society.
While opposed to negro suffrage as an original
question, she has accepted it in good faith,
with no crouching purpose of seeking its over-
throw. While believing that broad and indel-
ible dividing lines of color and physical organ-
ization, their respective traditions, extremes
of moral and intellectual advancement, un-
equal aptitudes if not capacities for higher
civilization, unfits the black man ever to suc-
cessfully dispute the preeminence with his white
brother as members of the same community in
the arts and business of life, and separates
them by an impassable gulf.
Although not convinced that even the "new
power " of the gentleman from Wisconsin has
as yet changed' the wool of the African to
Hyperian curls, given him a Roman or Grecian
nose, scooped out a hollow in his foot, or im-
parted to him the odor of " the balm of a thou-
sand flowers," still she has conformed to the
order of the nation, and placed him upon an
absolute civil and political equality with her
white citizens. All these things she has done
and suffered to show her good faith in fulfill-
ing the obligations of her surrender, to main-
tain the Constitution and preserve the Union,
and then she is to be told haughtily that her
humiliation is unavailing.
Mr. Speaker, I would commend to the gen-
tlemen the perusal of the letter of their defeated
candidate for Governor in Virginia, addressed
to Colonel R. W. Hughes. I will only read a
paragraph or two:
" Richmoxd, "Virginia, December 10,1869.
" My De ar Sir : I had hoped there would be, at the
opening of Congress, no division of sentiment in
Washington on thesubjectof theimmediaterestora-
tion of Virginia, and am surprised at what occurred
before the Reconstruction "Committee on yesterday.
"We have arrived, it seems tome, at a stage in tho
work of reconstruction when it is utterly idle to at-
tempt tho correction of any evil which may exist
here by a longer denial of Federal representation to
the State. No Conservative or Democrat will be
made a Republican; no bitterness will be assuaged;
no ostracism be abated ; nor any spirit of amnesty
be encouraged or oblivion for tho past be secured by
either an exclusion of tho State or individuals from
any of the rights which belong to the most favored
of States or citizens. Whether such desirable results
were ever likely to be secured by test-oaths and dis-
franchisements or not it is certain they can have no
such operation from this time forward."
Oh, that it could touch a responsive chord in
their hearts, that they might trample under foot
the ruthless tyrant of party spirit whose very
life-principle is an ignoble selfishness that treads
upon and crushes all the kindlier sympathies
and more generous impulses! Would it not be
wiser to imitate the example of England in the
revolution of 1688 and 1745, to "make per-
suasion do the work of fear;" to call together
in a spirit of renewed affection all the children
of America and rouse them to a noble emulation
in restoring the shattered and almost ruined
arch of our mighty empire? Would it not be
the part of sensible statesmanship to bury in
oblivion the memories of our domestic dissen-
sions, and with the Roman emperor who, when
asked to erect a monument to vengeance to
commemorate the death of Piso, exclaimed:
"Private memories and hatreds engendered by
civil strife should always be forgotten, and public
memories commemorate foreign conquests, never
domestic calamities."
Is it manly when the Titan is smitten down
by the thunderbolts of war and chained to the
rock to inflict upon him every wrong and in-
jury and insult that insolent power can con-
ceive ? Can such indignities have a tendency
to foster loyalty? A just, considerate, and
paternal government alone makes a submissive
and loyal people, but arrogance, rancor, and
tyranny are naturally repaid with hatred, and
if these are joined with perfidy hatred deepens
into execration and abhorrence. Congress
must expect to reap what it sows. If it desires
the respect and attachment of the Virginians
let it demonstrate by its justice and magna-
nimity that it deserves a return of grateful and
generous sentiments. Like the ancient Greeks
during their Isthmian and other national com-
memorations, let us observe a universal am-
nesty, banish all passion and prejudice, and
as one family unite in the noble resolution that
we will henceforth do all that we can to cherish
the virtues and to preserve and improve the
moral and civil institutions without which
