2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
these Halls, and do not deem it necessary to
send delegations nortocomeinperson tolobby
for the public weal. And the fact that any bill
or measure, seemingly for the public good is
arged or opposed by individuals and delega-
tions who fill the lobbies, and who cannot be
here without expense, is pregnant evidence, if
not conclusive, that such bill or measure is
ur will be promotive of private rather than of
public interests, and e converso.
Revenue, Mr. Chairman, being the object
and the only just and constitutional object of
tariff legislation, such legislation ought man-
ifestly to be so shaped and molded that duties
shall be levied in such manner and upon such
subjects as will certainly secure that object;
and as a tax upon articles not produced nor
manufactured in this country will necessarily
produce revenue commensurate with consump-
tion, if a tax upon these, with proper exemp-
tions of those which are among the necessaries
of life or of the class of raw material for build-
ing ships and houses and for manufactures, will
yield sufficient, the people ought not further to
be taxed, and especially ought they not to bo
taxed by requiring them to pay higher prices
for those things which yield no revenue. The
chairman of the committee informs us that
besides furnishing protection by the adoption
of specific duties instead of ad valorem with
reference to manufactured articles, this bill in-
troduces the novelty of taxing raw materials
which are produced in this country, giving
"to them a measure of protection equivalent
in some degree to the protection heretofore
afforded, for the most part, principally to man-
ufactured goods."
If pig-iron, Mr. Chairman, is "raw mate-
rial," the chairman of the committee was mis-
taken in supposing the bill was new iu this
class of its provisions; but whether new or
not, the principle, whether in its application to
manufactured goods or to the materials of
which they may be made, is the same, is
equally unjust, and ought to be rejected. If
duties upou such articles as we do not pro-
duce nor manufacture will not produce suffi-
cient revenue, then let the deficiency be raised
by an equal ad valorem duty upon articles that
are produced and manufactured in this coun-
try, giving equally to all the resulting inci-
dental protection- 1 agree with the chairman
of the committee that high duties do notalways
produce the most revenue, though such duties
undoubtedly afford the greatest protection.
The tariff of duties ought so to be graded and
adjusted as not seriously to discourage import-
ation and consumption, and so as to produce
the greatest revenue with the least burden to
the people ; and all interests should share and
share equally in any protection which may
result. This is equality; this is equity ; this
is democracy ; this is republicanism.
Mr. Chairman, I represent a district in which
there is little manufacturing interest that needs
or has ever had protection. Agricultural im-
plements and machinery are the chief manu-
factures of my district, and the interests of
ihese would be promoted by a strictly revenue
tariff exempting raw material. But were it
otherwise I do not in any special sense rep-
resent the manufacturers any more than I do
the bankers and brokers of my district. I rep-
resent, very feebly I admit, the people of my
district and of the country; and I feel it to be
my duty, as it is my pleasure, to do that which
in my judgment will be for the interests of the
people. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have saidthat
the_ subjects of finance and the currency, the
national debt and the taxes, are intimately con-
nected with each other and ought to be con-
sidered together; and as we have seen, the
tariff' has been the means of keeping up and
increasing the prices of goods and of living
since the war, though the revenue and the need
of it have constantly diminished, I submit that
as a necessary preliminary measure, before the
currency can be reduced or the debt refunded
at lower rates of interest, the tariff must be
readjusted on revenue principles and the price
of goods and of living reduced so that a less
volume of currency will suffice for the business
of the country. If the tariff remains as it is,
or if it be made to be as proposed by this bill,
unless specie payments supervene from what-
ever cause and the hoarded specie be added
to the circulation, I shall feel it to be my duty
to vote for some well-considered bill to increase
the currency.
I have not discussed the details of this bill.
I have had no time for that, nor had I sufficient
knowledge of or information concerning the
effect of each item or provision of the bill to
enable me to determine, upon principle and at
once, its justness or its inexpediency. Nor is
it necessary that I should have so discussed or
been able to discuss the bill. We have stand-
ing committees whose office it is to make all
needful inquiries and investigations, and who,
to enable them to do so, have or may have power
whenever necessary or expedient to send for
persons and for papers, and to be thoroughly
advised of matters confided to their charge.
And should the House concur in the views and
principles which I have so imperfectly submit-
ted and suggested, the pending bill might be
recommitted with instructions to conform its
provisions to the principles adopted.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman give
way for a motion that the committee rise ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will with pleasure.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before submitting the
motion that the committee rise I wish to give
notice that to-morrow I propose, under the
instructions of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to urge the House to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole as early as possible, to press
the debate forward on this bill, and to ask the
House to order an evening session, that every
gentleman, as far as practicable, may have an
opportunity to be heard upon the bill.
I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1008) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
leavjs of absence.
Mr. VAN AUKEN obtained leave of absence
for ten days.
committees appointment.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Mayuam to fill the vacancy on the
Committee on Private Laud Claims, caused by
the resignation of Mr. Maynakd.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, irrc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BIRD : A petition of pilots of New
Jersey against the repeal of the pilot laws.
By Mr. BUFFINTON : The memorial of
W. S._ Robertson and 47 others, citizens of
Pall River, Massachusetts, praying for pensions
to soldiers and sailors who served in the war
of 1812.
_ By Mr. CALKIN: A petition of New York
pilots, marine underwriters, and board of com-
missioners of New York pilots, against repeal
of State pilot laws.
By Mr. CESSNA: A communication from
a committee appointed at a public meeting in
the county of Alleghany, Maryland, to make
known to Congress the wants and wishes of
that community respecting the tariff on coal.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of citizens of Ohio, asking for a donation of
$50,000 of the allowance made by Congress
for the education of the freedmen of the South,
in behalf of the Wilberforce University, located
near the city of Xenia, Greene county, Ohio.
By Mr. G-ILFILLAN: The petition of J.
R. Dick, esq., James E. McFarland, and 24
others, citizens of the city of Meadville, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the repeal of the law
imposing a special tax on incomes.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of underwriters and others, citizens
of Massachusetts, interested in the preserva-
tion of the harbor of Boston, for the passage
of the amendment offered by Senator Conk-
ling to Senate bill No. 424, for the establish-
ment of a board of commissioners for the pres-
ervation of the harbors of the United States
against encroachments and obstructions.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Rich-
ard P. Spencer, of Deep River, Connecticut,
for relief from the loss of a United States bond.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petitions of B.
Hugel, JohnVanValken'ourg, and other citizens
of Fort Madison, Iowa, praying for an amend-
ment of the internal revenue law so as to
require the collection of all tax on distilled
spirits at the distillery or distillery warehouse.
Also, the petition of Cigar-Makers' Union
No. 00, of the city of Keokuk, Iowa, praying
certain amendments to the law concerning the
tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. MYERS: Thepctitionof John Blood
and 105 others, workers in the hosiery mills
of Schofield & Branson, at Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries not produced in
this country, and such readjustment of duty on
articles manufactured in this country as will
maintain home industry.
Also, a petition of 34 workers in manu-
facture of chemicals at Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, protesting against free trade, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., and such readjustment of duty on home
manufactures as will sustain American industry.
Also, the petition of Michael Lynch and 72
others, workingmen, mechanics, and employes
of Stephen Robbins, Kensington, Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, &c., and sucft readjustment of
duty on home manufacture as will protect
American interests.
Also, the petition of John Leadbeater and
46 others, employes of Fairhill forge and roll-
ing-mill, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pro-
testing against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &e., the products of tropical countries,
and such-readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will maintain home industry.
Also, the petition of Charles W. Fraley and
78 others, workers in glass manufacture at Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
anychange in thetarifflawssuggestedbyafree-
trade league representing alien interests, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
and other necessaries, and such readjustment
of duty on American manufactures as will
maintain domestic industry.
Also, the petition of Jacob Fink, jr., and 42
others, iron-workers and citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, and other necessaries not
produced in this country, and for such read-
justment of duty on articles made in this coun-
try as will protect home industry.
Also, the petition of Charles F. Keonig and
49 others, workers in John Gardner's machine
works, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free-trade league representing alien inter-
