54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Admission of Virginia-*-Mr. Winchester.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
liberty is but licentiousness and free govern-
ment but an empty and delusive name. Mr.
Speaker, with the solemnity of the Cosmogo-
nist in the Vicar of "Wakefield some of the
supporters of this bill have assured Virginia
that they are giving her an excellent bargain
and are governed by a patriotic desire to make
her prosperous, independent, andloyal. Well
might Virginia respond, in the vein of Tenny-
son's lines on the Emperor Napoleon at the
time of the Crimean war:
"It is true we have a faithful ally,
But only the devil knows what he means."
Mr. Speaker, is it right in justice to the
memories of her glorious dead and her own
great history in the past, already leaping across
the track of time in immortal light more lumi-
nous than the pathway of the stars, that we
should exact of the " Old Dominion " these
• unjust and ungenerous terms or longer exclude
her from the sisterhood of States ? Around no
State do so many and so heroic memories
gather. It was a Virginian whose eloquence
called the continent to arms; it was a Virgin-
ian's brain that conceived the plan of a Conti-
nental Congress ; it was a Virginian whose pen
wrote the immortal Declaration, and a Vir-
ginian whose sword made it valid. Virginia
gave the first President to the new Government,
and when under eastern leadership the coun-
try drifted from liberty Virginia gave another
great son to be President, and for a quarter of
a century she held the helm. A child of 'Vir-
ginia adopted by Kentucky was the great peace-
maker between the angry sections, and with a
wisdom equal to that of Madison and an elo-
quence scarcely inferior to that of Patrick
Henry compromised in favor of peace and
Union. As she gave her sons to be Presidents,
generals, and Senators she gave to the bench
also its noblest ornament, for in the history of
American jurisprudence no name glows with
purer resplendence than that of J ohn Marshall,
an immortal name for vigor of mind, purity of
heart, moderation of temper, simplicity of char-
acter, and firmness of purpose. Does history
ask a stirring and an active theme, that of the
revolutionary warriors marching to battle, she
has but to consult the legendary tales repeated
from sire to son of her lowlands and her mount-
ains. Wherever a sanguinary battle was
fought there her flag flew freely and bravely.
Her stoutest hearts in serried ranks gathered
around it, and if the field had to be abandoned
they did so with their faces to the foe and with
their garments stained with the blood of his
legions.
Glorious and venerable mother of us all;
fostering nurse of high-bred thought and noble
sentiment; mother of States, heroes, and
statesmen. What high intelligence! What
noble integrity ! What wisdom in statesman-
ship ! What profound conception of the prin-
ciples of free government! What memories
cluster about her! What jewels blaze in her
crown! Disarmed and enchained though she
be; everything that she loved and prized,
whether of person or right, torn from her ; her
territory parted among her executioners, every
sentiment shocked, every sensibility wounded;
yet amidthe throng which crowds the path-
way of time there walks no statelier figure,
arrayed in more glorious garments than Vir-
ginia, upon whose banners is engraved every
battle from Bunker Hill to Yorktown, every
battle of the second war for independence, and
the foreign fields of Mexico.
Most justly, sir, did the distinguished gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] object to
the very first sentence of the preamble of this
bill; for it implies that Virginia had not had
a republican form of government, and with
great force did he add that if this be true
" Not a State in the Union or even the Govern-
ment itself has a republican form of govern-
ment." What an insulting mockery is it, sir,
of her exalted devotion to civil liberty ; her
unequaled contributions to the independence
of the Colonies ; her upapproached labors in
founding the Government; her unmatched
share in its glorious administration ! But, sir,
if this noble Commonwealth, who gave more
to the Union, more advanced the Union, more
honored the Union than any, almost than all
her sisters, is to have more fetters riveted upon
her already bleeding and corroded limbs, like
" Marius, sitting amid the ruins of Carthage,"
she can only say to her oppressor, " Go tell thy
master that thou hast seen Virginia an exile
from the Eepublic to which she has lent such
glory, and for which she has so suffered_ and
toiled, sitting amid the ruins of constitutional
liberty."
Mr. Speaker, the politics of our country have
become invested with that grandeur and sig-
nificance which belong to those great strug-
gles upon which depend the destiny of nations.
The mad outbreak of popular passions, the rapid
spread of anarchical opinions, the mournful
decay of ancient patriotism, the wide disrup-
tion of fraternal unity, which have marked tne
progress and disclosed the power, purpose, and
spirit of the party in power, speaks with an
emphasis of warning and instruction. There
can never be any earnest of enduring peace
until the great principles of law and order
which cover with sustaining sanction the fund-
amental principles of our Government, have
obtained their rightful ascendency over the
reason and conscience of our people. The con-
viction that justice is the highest expediency
for the statesman, the first duty of the nation,
and should be the supreme law of the State,
must, if we desire to perpetuate our coordinate
system, sooner or later establish its supremacy
over all combinations of parties and interests.
A Union, sir, of suspicion, aversion, injus-
tice, in which one section is to be banned not
blessed, outlawed not protected, whether by
faction under the forms of law or revolution
over them I care not, has no charms for me.
The Union which I love is that which our fathers
formed—a Union which when it took its place
upon the majestic theater of history conse-
crated by the benedictions of patriots and free-
men, and covered all over with images of fame,
was a fellowship of equal and fraternal States;
a Union which was established not only as a
bond of strength but as a pledge of justice
and a sacrament of affection; a Union which
was intended, like the arch of the heavens, to
embrace within the span of its beneficent
influence all interests and all sections, and to
rest unequally or oppressively upon none ; a
Union in which the North and the South,
"like the double-celled heart at every full
stroke," beat the pulses of a common liberty
and a common glory. Give us such a Union,
and with a magic power far more potent than
any reconstruction laws you may fulminate
will it conform the Government in its work-
ings with the organic principles of its struc-
ture, and will bring together the two sections
in peace and harmony ; like the giant Missis-
sippi, divided for a time by some envious island,
the two currents will speedily unite again, to
flow on in mingled might and majesty forever.
Mr. Speaker, we have been told during this
debate that—
/'The Democratic party, heretofore the noisy cham-
pion of State rights, lias by its rebellion essentially
narrowed the limits of the semi-sovereign character
of the States. Henceforth, within the wide rangeof
momentous interests covered by the thirteenth and
fourteenth amendments of the Constitution of the
United_ States they will be little more than counties.
Sir, this is a great stridein the direction of a consol-
idated nationality. It is a transfer of vast powers
from the States to the General Government, from the
representatives of the people in their separate State
Legislatures to the representatives of the people in
Congress assembled."
This is a bold and distinct enunciation. It
presents the old question of State and Federal
rights in its most direct and sharpest form. It
is no less than the entire abolition of the State
governments or their reduction to mere incor-
porated municipalities. Sir, it is not by the
consolidation or- concentration of powers, but
by their distribution, that good government is
effected. All free government rests on the
faith of the people to maintain its limitations ;
its essence is in limitation on power. I am not
ignorant, sir, that the legislation of the past
four years has "laid the Constitution of the
United States in the coffin of consolidation ;"
that a despotism, not merely the despotism of
factions which gave some brief intervals of lib-
erty in Rome, but the despotism of a sectional
majority, fixed, heartless, and insatiable, rules
the country.
But, sir, State sovereignty is not dead. It
is only arrested in its practical operation by
the usurpations and physical power of this
sectional majority. For my part, I shall never
yield that construction and theory under which
our country attained all its strength, its great-
ness, and its glory. I believe the Constitution
is a compact between sovereign States ; thai
the government which it creates is a govern-
ment of limited and well-defined powers ; that
the incidents to the granted powers require no
elaborate reason to deduce, no great intellect
to render manifest; that doubtful powers should
nerer be exercised, much less such as have to
be whipped like vagrants through every clause
of the Constitution and can be located in
none. It is a social compact, to which the
States as States are parties, in contradistinc-
tion to a consolidated whole, in which major-
ities have unlimited rights, in the exercise of
which minorities are to bow in unconditional
submission.
The Union is a confederation and not a
nationality. To the States are reserved all
that relates to their domestic policy, in regard
to which they retain a separate existence and a
perfect sovereignty, and as to which no other
State has a right or power to interfere; while
to the agent Government is deputed only such
powers as relate to foreign relations or as ap-
pertain to the universal good. Thus, like the
planets, the States should revolve, each in its
own orbit, around a common center, all giving
light and heat and preserving order and har-
mony. Again, sir ; it is a compact between the
States. But if a compact between the States,
the States must be sovereign; for otherwise
the compact could neither be made nor con-
tinue. The only power to bind one State to
another by a compact must be the sovereign
power; for that alone is the supreme authority
in a State. It follows, therefore, that if the
Constitution is not a compact between sover-
eigns it is of no binding efficacy, and any State
in the Union can overrule the act of the sub-
ordinates who made it, and by its supreme,
sovereign power, without any regard to the
fidelity of the other States to their engagements,
declare it void. But it is a compact between
sovereignties, the States who made it. It is
therefore obligatory, and every State is bound
to maintain, enforce, and protect it so long as
its terms are faithfully observed by the high
contracting parties. I would go one step fur-
ther. To be a subsisting compact the States
must continue to be sovereign. Abolish the
sovereignty of the States, and the compact has
no parties to it; it therefore falls and is void.
It is an agreement with nobody and between
no States.
_ Mr. Speaker, I believe this to be the true
view of the Constitution, and its vindication
necessary ^ for the preservation of the rights
and liberties of the country and its progress
in all that can elevate and distinguish a great
and growing people. Sir, if those stars which
gleam upon our national emblem, fitting sym-
bols of the sovereignty of the Slates, shall
ever from the frenzied throes of party or the
intrigues of lawless ambition shoot from their
