am
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
April 25,
scrip ttnght be located on any subdivisions of
sections, in forty acres or eighty acres.
Mr. STEWART. That is it.
Mr. HARLAN. That is not usual in mak-
ing such grants.
Mr. CASSERLY, I do not hear what the
Senator from Iowa says.
Mr. HARLAN. The original law, I think,
provided for the location in quarter sections.
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment enables
the holder of the scrip to locate in subdivisions
of forty or eighty acres.
Mr. CASSERLY. In the first place I will
remark to the Senator, which maybe desirable
information to the rest of the Senate, that we
have no agricultural college scrip issued to the
State of California. The lands were granted
directly to the State; and the State, in fur-
therance of its university, recently established,
granted the lands direct to the university.
Now, the object of this bill.is to facilitate the
location by the university of those lands and
to further the disposition of them, so that by
the location and the disposition ,of those lands
the funds of the university shall be increased.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill will apply merely
to the lands claimed by the State of California
under the agricultural college grant ?
Mr. COLE. That is all.
Mr. CASSERLY. It relates to no other
lands. It relates to the one hundred and fifty
thousand acres of land granted by the United
States to the State of California for agricul-
tural colleges.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my objection
to the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I desire to inquire whether in
fact settlers and the State have not come in
collision on that very question, which you seek
to avoid by allowing less than a quarter sec-
tion to be entered ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. NYE. I ask whether the State has not
located its scrip so as to come in contact with
actual settlers where this very question is in-
volved of whether they have a right to take
less than a quarter section ? 1 ask whether
there are not cases now pending to that effect ?
Mr. CASSERLY. There may be some con-
troversies, but I do not know of any. The
object of that part of the bill is to put these
agricultural college lands in the State of Cali-
fornia upon the soma footing as lands subject
to preemption or homestead. Under one or
other of these heads lands may be taken up in
parcels so Bmall as forty acres. That is abso-
lutely necessary for the better disposition of
these lands by reason of the peculiar condition
of the public lands in that State. That condi-
tion arises from two causes, one, natural and
theother accidental. The natural cause is that
California is not a prairie country: it is a coun-
try of valleys and. of mountains. . The acci-
dental cause springs out of the peculiar condi-
tions of the surveys of that State. We have
three or four, perhaps half a dozen different
classes of surveys. One class of surveys con-
sists of surveys of private Spanish and Mexi-
can land grants; another classis of school lands.
A third class is of railroad grants. A fourth
class is of swamp and overflowed land grants.
The result is that all over the State there are
little pieces, fractions of quarter sections, and
little odds and ends of land which are not ac-
cording to any of the ordinary divisions of our
great system of land surveys. Nevertheless
these little pieces are valuable; and it very
often happens, as the memorial of the regents
of the university which was printed and laid
upon the de&ks of Senators shows, that these
little pieces can be disposed of to good advan-
tage, provided they can be united with an ad-
joining piece so that they will form a parcel
of forty, or eighty, or one hundred sod twenty
acres; in that way not disturbing the general
System of surveys of the country.
I sent a copy of the bill, I might state, and
the memorial of the regents of the university to
the Cotnmisflioher of the General Land Office,
and received from him a letter which I regret
I have not at hand now, in which he approves
of the object of this bill and the details of it.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from California that the difficulty I see
in the bill is of a different character altogether.
I do not see any objection to their taking up
land in smaller quantities than one hundred
and sixty acres; but the difficulty I see in the
bill, and which I think they will find will occur
in practice, which I tried to guard against in
the Nevada act, to which this is an amend-
ment, is in requiring the sales to be made to
actual settlers. This proposes to. locate scrip
upon the land, whether it is surveyed or unsur-
veyed ; and if it is unsurveyed it provides for
extending the surveys immediately to it and
locating the scrip. The objection I see to it,
and which I think might be guarded against,
is that it affords an opportunity to persons who
will buy up a large amount of this scrip to
locate it in a large body. For instance, they
will go and monopolize a whole section of tim-
ber land if they get hold of the scrip. If, how-
ever, the Senator from California thinks it is
properly guarded in that direction I shall not
interfere.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
attention of the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Casserly] for a moment to the
reason he assigns for locating in small quan-
tities. It is on thatveryaccountthatheretofore
Congress has objected to the location of lands
in these grants in smaller quantities than
quarter sections. It enables parties who have a
right to locate to intersperse their selections
of land so as to pick out the more valuable
parts of the land and to render the residue
undesirable to settlers. A purchase? or selector
under this provision might pick out four forty-
acre tracts from a section and so locate them in
that section as to leave the residue undesirable
for farms. I know that is not the honorable
Senator's intention. He intends that they
shall be permitted to select odd forty and
eighty acres that may have been passed around
by other selectors or purchasers of land; but
this bill would enable the corporation, or who-
ever locates this land, to render large bodies
of land almost worthless to settlers by taking
little scraps of forty acres and scattering them
around all through the surface of desirable
tracts. I think, on the whole, he had better
consent to have that provision stricken out, as
I have no doubt there is enough land in Cal-
ifornia to satisfy the requirements of the grant
without violating the principle that has oeen
observed heretofore on this subject.
Mr. COLE.. There is just the difficulty; the
regents of the university find difficulty in ob-
taininggood land on which to locate for the ben-
efit of the university the scrip that is allowed
in the apportionment to the university. This
is for the purpose of allowing them to locate it
on lands that are otherwise reserved, or lands
that are not eV6n surveyed, so that they may
get lands that are of some value* and will not
therefore be compelled to take lands which
have been neglected or refused by everybody
else. I know there has been a great deal of
complaint of the want of ability on the part of
the regents of the nnitersity to locate lands
that are of value in order that the insti-
tution might be properly endowed. If there is
any advantage to be given to any parties in the
location of lands it certainly ought to be given
to an institution like that which this bill is to
benefit—the university of our State. I under-
stand that to be the main object of it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not insist on opposi-
tion to the amendment. It is a matter for the
Senators themselves. The injury will accrue to
their own citizens if any should grow out of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The whole grant is only
one hundred and fifty thousand acres. The
object of this bill is to enable the university to
deal with it to the best advantage. I have no
idea that the gentlemen who are at the head of
that institution will permit any abuse to be
made of this bill under any circumstances
whatever.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twentv-
nine, after the word "unsurveyed," to strike
out "timbered lands and;" so as to read:
That where lands sought to bo selected for tho
agricultural college are unsurveyed the proper
authorities of the State shall file a statement to
that effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-seven
before the word "lands" to insert the word
" said."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move an amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Nevada, [Nr. Nye,]
to strike out after the word "granted," in line
twenty-four, all of that line and lines twenty-
five, twenty-six, and twenty-seven, which will
allow the location of lands upon the even sec
tions of railroad grants, for example, acre for
acre. It will be of some advantage to the uni-
versity to have the bill passed in the shape it
will be if this amendment is allowed, and I
hope no member will object to it. It will be
of great advantage to the university.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
the amendment if the Senate has none.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that is giving the
State of California a privilege which no other
State enjoys and no other corporation in the
United States. I do not see any particular
reason why California should have a privilege
which no other State has.
Mr. COLE. Senators object, and I shall
not press the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BIIiLS OBJECTED TO.
The next bill on the Calendar wag the bill
(S. No. 571) concerning notaries public for the.
District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE. That had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 319) to extend the time for presenting
claims for additional bounties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will withdraw the objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not vote to extend
time for any farther bounties whatever under
any possible circumstances that I can now
understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
The:next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S.- R. No. 125) concerning
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts, the pending question.being on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let it be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDED The joint reso-
lution will be passed over,
HARRIET R. CLINTON.
The next '.bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. . 887) for the relief of Harriet R.
Clinton; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. By its terms the Paymaster
General of the Army is to pay to Harriet R.
Clinton, widow of Charles W. Clinton, late
second lieutenaut of the first regiment of Wis-
consin cavalry, out of any money appropriated
for the use of the pay department, the sum of
$724 for military service of her husband from
the 1st of October, 1863, to the 29th of March,
1864, he having died in the field without having
been mustered into the United States service.
