8900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
essential that for the safety of the masses of
■ the people of this country the highest class of
ability should be obtained in judicial office.
It is a farce to say that you can obtain this
unless you provide men a reasonable recom-
pense ; and I do here state, that for a circuit
judge who is compelled to abandon all other
means of gaining a support by reason of the
necessary segregation of a judge from the ordin-
ary affairs of mankind, and upon whom large
expenses are thrown in consequence of the
travel he is obliged to perform, the sum of
$6,500 is none too. great, and in my opinion is
rather too small.
It has occurred to me, in criticising the pro-
visions of this amendment, that if there be a
defect in it it is that the difference between
the Chief Justice and the associate justices is
too strongly marked. The difference between
the labor thrown upon the presiding judge and
that of one of his associates is not so great as
this amendment would seem to indicated
I trust that so far from diminishing the pay
of the circuit judges of the United States
courts, it may rather be increased ; andI hope,
therefore,- that the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio may not prevail, and that their salary
may stand at least at $0,500, and I shall be
strongly disposed for myself, if the Senate shall
reject his amendment, to move rather to add
another $1,000 to the salary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr, President, in my judg-
ment the judiciary is much the most important
department of any Government. Wereitnotfor
the judiciary I myself would be unwilling to
pay my portion of the necessary expenses to
maintain this Government. The judiciary and
its labors and its judgments come home to the
people of tlie country; and I regard it as of
infinitely more importance to the people at
large, and especially to the humbler and more
unprotected portion of the people, than the
functions and powersof the other departments
of the Government. I do not believe the
proposition as it came from the committee was
too large as to the salary of the Supreme Court
judges, unless, as the honorable Senator from
Delaware suggested, there was too great a dif-
ference between the salary of the presiding
judge and the associate judges; and I think
the proposition as to the salaries of the circuit
judges is moderate. I conceive that on the
circuit bench, and especially upon the bench
of the District of Columbia, there are men un-
worthy of that amount of salary and unworthy
of the positions which they hold, wholly so;
and it is only because liberal and remunerative
salaries are indispensably necessary to obtain
the proper amouut of talent or attainment and
virtue that I am willing to enlarge the present
salaries, in the hope that time, and a short
time, will give us better ability and legal attain
ment, and especially much more of virtue and
integrity in the courts.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the indulgence of
the Senate for a moment, with the permission
ofj,he chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, to now offer my little bill. 1 move
to lay this by for the moment, to call up and
pass the joint resolution amendatory of the
joint resolution for the relief of certain offi-
cers of the Artpy. Its principal object is to
pay men who were in rebel prisons and who
received promotion during the time they were
there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military
Affairs a House joint resolution for present
consideration.
Mr. CAMERON. It will take but a moment,
I think. '
_ The l"ICE_ PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
ject to objection. The Secretary will read the
title of the joint resolution.
Mr. COLE. I think I must object.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope you will not.
Mr. COLE.' The Senator is going away,
and it will last till he comes back.
Mr. CAMERON. But these people have
been out of their pay for years, and they are
poor, debilitated, and unable to get bread. It
will only take a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects. It can only be reached
by passing over the present bill.
Mr. COLE. I must persist in my objection.
We ought to get through with the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will make a
speech on this bill so as to occupy five times
as much time.
Mr. COLE. After the Senator's threat I
will withdraw the objection. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to
you. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has consent to make his
report.
RELIEF OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I report from the
Committee on Military Affairs "House joint
resolution No. 109, and ask that it be put on
its passage at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 109) amenda-
tbry of joint resolution for'the relief of certain
officers of the Army, approved July 26, 1866.
It provides that the joint resolution for the
relief of certain officers of the Army, approved
July 26,1866, shall be so construed and amend-
ed that in all cases arising under the same the
person to whom the commission shall have
issued shall be considered as commissioned to
the grade named therein, from the date when
the commission was issued by competent au-
thority, and entitled to all pay and emoluments
as if actually mustered at that date, if at the
time of the issuing of the same he was peform-
ing the duties of the grade to which he was
commissioned, orfrom such time after the issu-
ing of his commission as he may have actually
entered upon such duties. The second section
declares that persons held as prisoners of war
by the enemy, or who shall have been in hos-
pital by reason of wounds or disability, at the
time of the issuing of their commissions, shall
be entitled to the same benefits under this reso-
lution as if actually performing the duties of
the grade to which they were commissioned.
Section three declares that the resolution shall
not be construed to apply to oases in which,
under the laws and Army regulations existing
at the time, there could have been no lawful
muster into service even after the actual receipt
of the commission.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania how much this will
take out of the Treasury ? If he has any data
on that point, I think the Senate ought to
have them.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sorry to say I have
not the data; but the amount is so little that
I am sure if I had it here, and if it was three
or four times as much as it really is, the Sena-
tor from California would not vote against the
resolution. It is to cover cases like this: where
men were in prison or hospital, and were for
that reason unable to take the grade which was
given to them by competent authority. For
•instance, a man was lieutenant and was made
captain, or was a sergeant and made a lieu-
tenant while in prison. There are several cases
in my mind of men who were in Andersonville
prison for six or eight months, who were ser-
geants promoted to second lieutenants, and
they were unable to get any pay until after
they got out of prison, and in some cases then
they were not able to take their places.
Mr. FERRY. Is not the language of the
resolution broad enough to cover those who
were not in prison, to cover every instance of
those who_ received commissions and were not
mustered in until some considerable time after-
ward, so that the resolution will cover all that
class of cases, regarding which we have had
a great deal of discussion in the Senate? I
know- 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take millions.
Mr. CAMERON. All I care about is the
second section, to cover thosfe who were in
prison.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania if this is confined
to those who were in prison.
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir.
Mr. ABBOTT. Then my recollection is that
on a consultation on the part of the Military
Committee with the Secretary of War, he re-
ported that a bill of that nature would take
$19,000,000 out of the Treasury and open
about eighty-five thousand new accounts in the
War Department.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not so understand
it. I will accept a motion from the Senator
from North Carolina to strike out all except
the second section. That is all I care about,
which will cover the cases of those who were
in prison.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator will make
that motion himself 
Mr. CAMERON. I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to strike out all but the
second section.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not know that
the resolution will treat every officer justly, and
yet I do know that according to the rules of
the Army, or the Army Regulations, a man
who was commissioned, being at the time
imprisoned by the enemy, could not be mus-
tered into service while he remained in prison,
and he did not receive the pay of the higher
rank while he remained in prison. In conse-
quence of that a great many men who were in
prison for many months, and sometimes for
more than a year, were not commissioned by
the Executive of the State simply because
they could not be mustered into the higher
grade. These men are not in this resolution
placed on the same footing as those who were
commissioned.
Mr. COLE. If I remember the reading of
the resolution, it leaves out another class, to
wit, privates who were in prison, and while
in prison received commissions or were pro-
moted. If it does, the distinction is invidious
and unjust.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to amend the joint reso-
lution. The Secretary will report the amend-
ment.
The_ Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the joint resolution so that, if amended, ft will
read:
/l'hatthe joint resolution entitled "Joint resolu-
tion for the relief of certain officers of the Army,"
approved July 26, 18G6. shall bo so construed and
amended that persons held as prisoners of war by
the enemy, or who sliali have been in hospital by
reason of wounds or disability at the time of th'o
issuing of their commissions, shall be entitled to the
same benefits under this resolution as if actually
performing the duties of the grade to which they
were commissioned.
Mx. SHERMAN. That will confine the oper-
ation of it to persons who were imprisoned by
the enemy or in hospitals ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BORE MAN. I should like to have an
explanation from the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. I have not the resolution of 1S66 be-
fore me, and I do not know precisely what it is.
Mr. ABBOTT. It simply provides that a
person who received a commission and failed
to be mustered in at the time of receiving the
commission shall draw his pay.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It is now con-
fined to prisoners and persons in hospitals.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not know that
I shall object to this resolution, and yet I want
to make a statement in reference to it. By
the resolution officers receive pay for a grade
where they could not be mustered into the
service. For instance, if there was a vacant
lieutenancy, and the man was in prison who
was entitled to it by his rank and service, and
