1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8901
the Executive of the State sent a commission
to the regiment for him, he could not be mus-
tered because he was in prison; nor could any
other man be mustered to take that place so
long as that man remained; but freq#ently in
such cases the Governor withdrew the com-
mission and nominated another man, and the
other man served in the higher position. Now,
the proposition is to pay that man who was in
the rebel prison at the same rate which was
paid to the man who served. That is the effect
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another pro-
vision covering the case of a man in hospital
from any disability. Now, suppose he never
went into the service at all; men were taken
sick before they were mustered in, after they
were commissioned.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave my word that this
would cause no discussion, and I therefore
withdraw the resolution for the present. I did
not suppose there would be any difficulty about
a little favor of this kind or I should not have
given my word. Let it be postponed until
some other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraws the report.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1554) for the relief of the
widow of James L. Kiernan, late consul to
Chinkiang, China;
A bill (H. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of
Idaho Territory, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2094) for the relief of
Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow
of Isaac E. Morse, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2095) for the relief of
John W. Massey;
A bill (H. R. No. 209G) granting a pension
to Mary Payer, of Philadelphia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2097) to grant a pension
to Samuel Bull; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) granting
a pension to John Powers, late a private in
eleventh regiment United States infantry, in
the war of 1812.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills without amend-
ment :
A bill (S. No. 453) granting a pension
to J. li. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa; and
A bill (S. No. 628) granting a pension to
Clark Hall.
The message also announced that theHouse
non-concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the amendment of the House to the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing a distri-
bution of the copies remaining in the Depart-
ment of State of the Tributes of the Nations
to Abraham Lincoln, asked for a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Addison Ii.
Laflin of New York, Mr. Legraxd M. Perce
of Mississippi, and Mr. Peter M. Dox of Ala-
bama, managers at the same on its part.
The message likewise announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
173) to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to collect wrecked and abandoned property,
derelict claims, and dues belonging to the Uni-
ted States, asked for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. B. F. Butler of Massa-
chusetts, Mi-. John A. Peters of Maine, and
Mr. Stevenson Archer of Maryland, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message farther announced that the
House had disagreed to th'e amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R._No. 785) to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers, asked for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. James S. Negley of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. John P. C. Shanks of Indiana,
and Mr. George M. Adams of Kentucky, man-
agers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message announced that the Speaker of
the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 177) creating an additional
Mnd district in the Territory of Colorado; and
Y A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) author-
izing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue bonds for the construction of its road,
and to secure the same by mortgage, and for
other purposes.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That J. W. L. Doxtater have leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers in his ease.
artificial limbs tor soldiers.
The Senate proceeded to considerits amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 785) to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives ; and,
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Resolved, That the Senato insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House, and
agree to the conference asked by the House of Rep-
resentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the eonforoes on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vieo President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Howard, Mr. Yates, and Mr. Ames.
tributes to abraham lincoln.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
77) authorizing a distribution of the copies
remaining in the Department of State of the
Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
mentto the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to thosaid jointresolution,disagreed to by the
House, and agree to the conference asked by the
House of Representatives on -the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Anthony, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Casserly.
abandoned property.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the jointresolution (H. R. No. 173) to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to col-
lect wrecked and abandoned property, dere-
lict claims, and dues belonging to the United
States, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senato insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill, disagreed to by the House, and
agree to the conference asked by the House of Rep-
resentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Warner, and Mr. Hamilton
of Maryland.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The- Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, in relation to the salary of the circuit
judges.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify that by
saying " $6,000" instead of " $5,500." It now
reads "$6,500." I move tostrike out "$500,"
so as to read "$6,000," as the salary of the
circuit judges and the chief justice of this Dis-
trict.
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not be
reduced at all. These judges have a great
deal of traveling to do. It is a very responsi-
ble position.
Mr. BAYARD. I presume these amend-
ments must be considered singly. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Ohio ia not capable
of modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
divided.
Mr. BAYARD. I give notice that I shall
propose an amendment, if he shall be success-
ful in reducing this amount, to increase the
salary of the judges of the circuit courts to
$7,500, letting the chief justice of the District
of Columbia to stand at $6,500, or $6,000,
according as the Senate may fix it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio withdraws his amendment, the Sen-
ator from Delaware can then move to discon-
nect the circuit judges, by adding "and the
salary of the judges of the circuit courts shall
be $7,500:" but that is not in order as an
amendment to the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
the chief justice of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, the highest judicial offi-
cer for a population of one hundred and fifty
thousand, certainly is a judicial ofiieer of high
rank, and should not be discriminated against.
I therefore insist upon my amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
recollect that in the scale of professional ability
and services he certainly would not be called
upon to be a judge of as large ability as those
who are thecircuit judges of the United States,
because the courts of this District I look upon
as comparatively a one-horse affair, to use a
somewhat vulgar phrase.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
be stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk. In the tenth line of the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] proposes to strike out "500;" so as to
read:
The salary of judges of the eireuit court and the
chief justice of the supremo court of the District of
Columbia shall he $6,000 per annum.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I think that sum is small
enough to enable a circuit judge or the chief
justice of the supreme court of this District to
live comfortably and lay up anything for old
age, or even to buy an ordinary library.
Sir. SHERMAN. It must be remembered
that the old age of these judges is provided for,
because when they retire they are entitled to
this salary during their lives.
Mr. STEWART. If they live over seventy.
If they die under seventy, their families are
left paupers.
Mr. HOWARD. Does that provision apply
to the judges of this District?
Mr. HAMLIN. No.
Mr. HOWARD. I thought it did not. It
applies to district judges of the United States
and circuit judges, but not to the judges of this
District. 1 may be wrong about it, though.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My rccollcetion is that
it applies to all United States judges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment of the Senator from Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. Now, in the eighth line, I
move to insert after the words "circuit court _
the words "shall be $7,500." The proposi-
tion is to increase the salary of the judges of
the circuit courts to $7,500, leaving the salary
of the chief justice of the supreme court of
