1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
41st Cong....2d Sess.
'Navy-Yarcl at League Island—Mr. Myers.
Ho. 03? Reps.
spheres and blindly rush to a common center,
forming thus one mighty mass of political light
and power and grandeur, if you will, then, in-
deed, far-off nations might be dazzled by the
blazing splendors of that new-born sun ; but
be assured that beneath its intrinsic heat our
liberties would wither away as withers the
green herb amid the scorching sands of an
African desert.
Navy-Yard at League Island.
SPEECH OP HON. LEONARD MYERS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ijst the House op Representatives,
January 20 and 25, 1870.
The House, as the regular order, resumed tho con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 480) for the transfer
of the Philadelphia navy-yard to League Island.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I can scarcely
hope to obtain the attention of the House at
this time, after the very full discussion of the
bill now under consideration. But I have no
fear for the result. The House is composed
of members having common sense, who can
see through the flimsy pretenses of the attack
upon this bill and can judge for themselves. If
they examine the merits I believe a majority
of them will not fail to vote for the bill.
Now, what are the points which should com-
mend this bill to the good sense of the House?
The first is that the removal to League Island
of the buildings now in the old yard at Phil-
adelphia is settled law. It is written in the
statute-book; and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] proposes to nullify that
law. Actually I do not know that we need this
bill; but the Secretary of the Navy, in his good
judgment, thought fit to notify Congress of the
time of the removal, so that ample direction
and power to sell the old yard shall be given,
in furtherance of the act of February 18,1867;
and by all proper means the Government may
be restricted in the manner of sale and the
appropriation, if you please, of the proceeds.
Many in this House will remember that all
the questions pro and con affecting this navy-
yard site were fully considered in the Congresses
of which my friend from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, "{Mr. Dawes,] was a member; every-
thing that could be said against it was said,
more than the truth justified; but all these
statements were refuted then. The Navy De-
partment, from 1862 to the time when the bill
accepting League Island passed, and since,
have constantly recommended its selection as
the best site in the country for a navy-yard
adapted to 1he necessity for iron and iron-clad
vessels which science had brought about. And
let me say right here to the gentleman that
the boards recommending this measure were
not composed of Pennsylvanians; they were
not influenced by sectional pride or interest.
Secretary Welles came from Connecticut, whose
members so stoutly opposed League Island.
Assistant Secretary Fox was not from Penn-
sylvania, nor is Secretary Robeson.
Upon ihe last board that recommended it
was Admiral Davis, from the State of Massa-
chusetts, and Commodore Alden, from the
State of Maine, the birth-place of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
This bill commends itself to the good sense
of the House for another reason. While we
admit that an appropriation must be made at
no distant day to perfect the exchange from one
yard to the other, no man on this floor has
attempted to deny that the old yard can be sold
for at least four times the amount of such
appropriation ; and, as Admiral Porter said to
me, we shall not expend at the new yard in
the next five years the amount that will be
received from the sale of the present one.
There is still another cogent reason in favor
of the measure. If this place should cost all
the poetic gentleman.in his flight of imagina-
tion tells us it will; if itshould cost $3,500,000
or even $5,000,000 to establish a national
navy-yard for iron vessels and iron-clads it is
for the national honor, ay, for the national
safety, a matter of true economy, which may
save millions in the future.
When did this fit of economy come upon
the honorable members ? The gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] in hot haste, at
an early stage of the session pressed through
his item of $200,000 for the Des Moines rapids.
In the last Congress $1,000,000 were appro-
priated for the Rock Island arsenal and bridge.
Where was the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] then? There was a motion made
to largely reduce the amount. Both the gentle-
men from Massachusetts and Wiscousin voted
against that reduction, although it was in a time
of peace and the arsenal was in the interior of
the country. I do not say it was not proper,
but I would refer those members to their record.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Did the
gentleman vote for it?
Mr. MYERS. Certainly I did. The expend-
iture, though large, seemed to be needed.
And the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] speaks with dread of the contemplated
purchase at Samana bay. He voted, as I did,
for the purchase of Alaska. He had none of
these economical notions then. Where public
works are demanded by public necessity I favor
them. Let us scrutinize ; let us cut down ex-
travagant estimates, but not do wrong for the
sake of a cheap popularity.
What is the argument of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations ? He says:
"Let us stop all these large public works."
A new post office is being erected in New York
city, for which an expenditure of $1,500,000 is
contemplated. If we follow the lead of the gen-
tleman that great commercial metropolis must
continue indefinitely the occupancy of its pres-
ent confined quarters for a post office. We
need a new building in which the Declaration
of Independence and other archives of the
nation, the original documents signed by the
earliest officers of this Government, may be
safely kept, and not in the tinder-box now occu-
pied as a State Department. The gentleman,
I presume, will oppose ■that proposition. We
want new Pacific railroads to advance the
march of civilization, to lessen the frequency
and expense of Indian wars. The gentleman
must commit himself to voting against these,
too, bccause they involve a present expenditure
of money. I merely give these as illustrations.
But, sir, this is not all. He appeals to the
other side of the House, which I believe will
reject his appeal, and to gain his point attacks
the Administration. The gentleman says the
Administration is exceeding the estimates of
Andrew Johnson. I turn to the President's
message, and I find that the receipts for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1869, were in round
numbers $371,000,000, the expenses for that
year $321,000,000. True it is the estimated
expenses for the coming year are $331,000,000;
$10,000,000 apparently more than those for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1869. But, at the
same time the President tells us the estimates
for the ensuing year are more favorable to the
Government; and why ? Because the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, pointing to an in-
crease of $26,000,000 in the receipts of rev-
enue during the six months ending June 30,
1869, is justified in saying without change of
the present law there will be a further increase
of $10,000,000 next year. Hence the estimates
for the ensuing year fall at least $6,000,000
short of the expenses of the year ending June
30, 1869, and with the law unchanged there are
likely to be $50,000,000 receipts above our
expenses. This will, if you please, permit the
abolition of the income tax and nearly all our
special taxes, paying $20,000,000 into the
sinking fund and still leaving a surplus. The
estimates for last year were, as he 'says, but
$303,000,000; but he forgot to add that the"
deficiency bills are rapidly running away with
his argument. We are able to pay all our
expenses and gradually diminish the national
debt. At the same time we can reduce tax-
ation as well as simplify it, for I do not think
these immense payments upon the debt neces-
sary at the expense of the present generation.
Let those who are to follow us bear some part
of the burden.
Now, sir, I too am in favor of economy—
that economy which carefully guards the public
Treasury, yet finds it cheapest in the end to
pay proper salaries to its officials and provide
for the advancement and honor and preserva-
tion of the Government. In the event of a
foreign war such a navy-yard as we propose
would be a national necessity, perhaps a saving
of the national life; a place where iron-clads
shall be built and repaired and stationed for
the national defense; while they could be built,
too, at private yards in fresh-water rivers like
the Delaware, as the New Ironsides was built
in my own district; where, too, they may be
laid up as they are now in time of peace.
Truly, the gentleman from Massachusetts
admits away the whole case when he admits
that the navy-yard at Philadelphia must go to
League Island; that it is " a fixed fact." But
he says postpone it for five years. I ask any
member on this floor, I ask him, the great
apostle of the coming millenium of political
economy, will the expense of this undertaking
be any less five years hence than now? Does
he propose to remove from his shoulders the
responsibility and saddle it upon men who are
to come here five years from now ? I hope he
may be among them ; for mistaken as he is on
this question he is always eloquent. He can
at all times gather about him the members of
the House. That does not necessarily mean
sympathy, for my friend from Ohio [Mr. Mun-
gex] now in front of me, who lately uttered
his bold doctrines of repudiation, also gathered
around him the members of the House. When,
however, it came to the vote they were not with
him. I ask him will there be any fewer cubic
yards to fill in five years hence? Will the
expense of the work be any less then than now ?
The gentleman estimates that it will take $2,-
500,000 to fill up this yard. Mr. Pox, recently
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, said in an
official communication to Congress that the
expense of filling up this yard would not be as
much as it had cost for coaling and repairs of
the Vanderbilt. He told us twenty-five cents
a cubic yard would cover the expense. My
economic friend places it at fifty cents per
cubic yard. Not one third of the gr°ul*d
needs filling, and then to nothing like the depth
he asserts.  
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read an ex-
tract from an editorial in yesterday's Public
Ledger, of Philadelphia.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It will be news to the farmers, graziers, and dairy -
men who have had their houses, barns, stables, and
eal tle-t>cns oil League Island for so many years that
hyhmno such buildings, and have been pre-
vented from constructing them because they could
not do so without raising the land ton feet, or else
haying their dwellings and barns carried out to sea.
If Mr. Dawes cares to look into the matterh ©will
find that such structures have been established, on
the island for a hundred years, and that none o ,
them have ever yet been reported in the list ol
'ocean departures. Jbour hundred acres ot too
island are fast land, of Precisely the aamochararter
as that on which the existing Philadelphia navy
yard is established and constructed. Throughout
the whole controversy there has not been
tion urged against League Island toat would not
have been as valid and as truthful a? °^®ther tUc
the site of the present yard. We do bt w letter t^
latter is in anv appreciable degree higher than
main body of League Island. When the na y^y
was established thereit was bounded and surrounaeu
