56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Navy-Yard at League Island—Mr. Myers. ■
41st Cong....2d Sess.
by exaotly the same low-lying alluvium which now
surrounds League Island, yet nobody ever thought
of making that an objection to the site. The old
shipbuilders of that day, who occupied the adjoin-
ing groundsfor their ship-yards, would have laughed
the man who made such a criticism. So would
the shipbuilders of these days, some of whom now
have large yards on similar ground, one of which is
on an island not less than four to six feet lowerthan
League Island."
Mr. MYERS. I have disposed, then, of the
question of expense, and shown the gentleman
that the bill does nothing like what heinhis wild
imaginings attempts to tell the House. But,
sir, all objections to the proposed sale and
transfer will be obviated by the amendments
we propose ; and for one I have no objection
when the appropriation is reached to add one
stipulating that no second appropriation shall
be made till the first is refunded from sales of
the old yard. _ This or a future House could
nullify the stipulation ; but it would probably
be respected, and in any event would quiet the
nerves of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
If the discussion of this measure has taken
up some little time of the House it is entirely
chargeable to those gentlemen who are op-
posing a bill designed to carry out the pro-
visions of existing law. I shall not trespass
much longer upon the patience of the House,
but I thought it necessary that the insidious
statements made in the general to affect this
particular bill should be met, and that the House
should understand that these general state-
ments, even were they correct, do not affect
the merits of the present bill.
To the objections of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, then, the reply is overwhelming. These
objections were considered long ago and swept
away by solemn enactment. League Island has
been accepted as a navy-yard ; it is law. Next
comes the cry of economy which—mark it—if
good now will be good for all time. That is what
I call nullifying the law. Will you aid the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in this work ? I
repeat, the work will cost no less five years
hence than now. The gentleman says—and he
ought to know, for he is the especial friend of
the Administration and claims the right to
wound it for its good—he says it will take
$800,000 to prepare the new yard and transfer
the materials from the old yard. Grant it; I
will assume that he is correct. Now, I desire
him to reply to me right here, does he deny
that the sale of the old yard will bring four
times that amount? I pause for his answer.
Mr. DAWES. I do not feel disposed to
interrupt the gentleman in this way. I will
say, however, that the old yard will bring
53,000,000, or I will say $3,200,000, if that
will suit the gentleman better.
Mr. MYERS. Very well; the gentleman
from Massachusetts admits that the old yard
will bring$3,000,000. Heasserts the prepara-
tion of the new yard will cost $800,000. Say.
that it will take $800,000 more, annually, for
several years to fit it up and have ths necessary
buildings for the purposes of a national navy-
yard such as the Navy Department desire and
such as Congress in its wisdom directed, it
will still cost no more than the receipts from
sales of the present navy-yard. The outlay
contemplated, then, is merely nominal and
will be promptly reimbursed..
But I would remind him that every year there
are estimatesforthevariousnavy-yards, ashigh
in 1866 as $600,000 for the Brooklyn yardalone,
and requisite to carry on the improvements
which a great nation requires.
I contend, however, that the proposition for
the transfer of this navy-yard at Philadelphia
is tn the interest of economy. It was so held
by Secretary Welles in 1862, when he thought
the land could only be sold for $1,800,000,
while now it can be disposed of for $3,500|000
Let me read from a letter he sent to the Senate
on this subject:
"The selection of this site for a navy-yard will
save to the Government just the sum at which the
present yard in Philadelphia can be sold, the esti-
mated value of whichis $1,800,000. That we must have
a yard at which iron vessels.can be built is, 1 think,
admitted. Were it established at any other place
than Philadelphia the yard at that place would be
continued with its officers and a large annual ex-
pense. Established on League Island the present
yard would be vacated and sold, and tho cost of keep-
ing up the present establishment saved. The price
that could be realized for it would nearly equip and
complete the yard on the island."
To the same effect I now read from the report
of the present Secretary of the Navy:
"The great defect in the situation of most of our
yards is their want of land area and available water
front sufficient to do even their present work to ad-
vantage. This is particularly the ease with that
portion of the naval station at Philadelphia where
the work is now done. The water front of the pres-
ent working ground is so small that four ships can
hardly lie there without being in the way of each
other. Buildingsandmachinery of every description
are cramped and crowded together, interfering with
their proper use, causing great expense of both time
and money, and from the close proximity of work-
shops and inflammable material exposing the whole
to great risk. In case of fire nothing but the most
favorable circumstances would prevent a general
destruction of everything in the yard, and great
vigilance is required and constant expense incurred
to guard against a general conflagration of houses,
ships, and material. The annual expenses of this
yard are for these reasons much increased; and it is
not doubted the sayings from this service and from
the expense now incurred of maintaining two estab-
lishments_ with the money which can be realized
from the judicious sale of the land now occupied in
the heart of the city will go very far toward repay-
ing the expense of establishing the yard at League
Island."
So much for this attack on the score of econ-
omy. But the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Wasiiburn] sneers at this gift of Philadelphia.
Sir, that gift was made for the national defense.
It cost Philadelphia nearly four hundred thou-
sand dollars, and was as freely tendered as our
citizens fed the soldiers who'marched to that
defense. There are a hundred new members
here who have not heard the former discussion
on this subject and may be misled by the gen-
tleman. Let me tell these new members how
this gift came to be made.
Secretary Welles in 1862 found there was
no room in the Philadelphia navy-yard even to
build wooden vessels, and so the Department
looked about for more space. In regard to the
Philadelphia navy-yard, Chief Engineer King,
in his report, says:
" The navy-yard at Philadelphia does not cover as
much ground as the basin water area in any one of
the principal European dock-yards; it has only two
covered building-siips with the necessary wood-work
shops and storehouses, and is not provided with any
stone docks ormeansofrepairing steam machinery."
The navy-yard at Philadelphia has buttwenty
acres; the navy-yard at Charlestown has eighty-
five acres ; the yard at Brooklyn, one hundred
and ninety-three acres; that at Kittery, one hun-
dred and sixty-five acres; the one at Mare Island,
nine hundred acres; while abroad the navy-yard
at Brest has one hundred and thirty-one acres;
at Cherbourg, two hundred and fifty-six acres;
at llochefort, three hundred acres. The great
English dock-yard at Chatham, with its island
and extensive water front, covers three hun-
dred and eighty-nine acres; and the private
dock-yard of the Lairds, in England, where the
Alabama was built, has two hundred acres.
Even the Washington navy-yard contains forty-
eight acres, with buildings and machinery for
making anchors, chains, and heavy armor-
plating ; yet they cannot now be made at the
Philadelphia yard.
Early in 1862, in Hampton Roads, was fought
the battle between the Monitor and the Merri-
mac—a contest which, in the language of the
London Times, reduced the whole British navy
to but two vessels, the Warrior and the Black
Prince. Orders were at once issued by the
English admiralty to cease work on all vessels
then under construction in the dock-yards.
That _ battle wrought a magic change in the
building and the armature of vessels. Iron
vessels and iron-clad vessels became a neces-
sity ; and America, which taught the lesson to
Europe, quickly sought to profit by it herself.
A great constructive ship-yard for iron as well
as wooden vessels became now more than ever
a necessity. By 1864 England already had ten
heavy iron war vessels and ten iron-clads afloat.
Prance in 1866 had thirty of them, and every
maritime Power is still building them.
I wish the attention of the gentleman from
Wisconsin on this point. Secretary Welles
says Philadelphia was induced to make this
noble gift in consequence of the urgent demands
of the Government. I read from his commu-
nication to Congress:
"The object of the Department, in the letters of
March 25 and June 9.1862, is, I think, explicit. They
pro pose, not the establishment of an additional navy-
yard similar in character to those which we already
have, but a yard of a difE^r^nt description, adapted to
tho radical changes introduced into naval architec-
ture, where the materials of which naval vessels are
constructed shall be wrought and the iron plating for
armature, if deemed best, might be manufactured;
or, as expressed in one of the letters, the foundation
laid for an establishment meeting all the require-
ments of an iron navy. The views and suggestions
in those letters led to the tender of League Island to
the Government by the city of Philadelphia for the
purpose specified."
In December of the same year, in his report to
Congress, the Secretary said:
"In view of the importance of possessing some-
where in this country a navy and dock-yard for the
purposes of an iron navy the suggestions of the De-
partment received the favorable consideration of
Congress. The city of Philadelphia, the commercial
center of the iron and coal regions, became inter-
ested in the question and was induced to make afreo
offer of League Island, a body of land of about six
hundred acres, for naval purposes."
What followed? The act of 1862 was passed
accepting League Island, and designating first
that a board must examine the several sites
which had been proposed; that was done.
Then after discussion and several years of con-
troversy, after nearly every officer of the Navy
had pronounced in favor of League Island",
cametheactof 1867 accepting it. Thisrequired
still another board, and that, too, decided in
its favor.
By the last-named act Philadelphia was
required still further to effect a new purchase
and add it to the gift. She had been induced
to make the original offer for national purposes.
She was required by the act to buy such portion
of the land opposite the back channel as the
Secretary should decide upon. This land, too,
has been purchased at considerable expense,
and all delivered to and formally accepted by
the Government for the purposes of a navy-
yard—a contract or acceptance which between
individuals would be recognized as valid in any
country on the civilized globe. As between
the nation and the city of Philadelphia, which
claims this naval station to be for the national
defense, it is a matter of honor as well as right,
and no sneer will avail to discredit the motives
which prompted the gift.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says he
is in favor of the progress of new works. Let
us see whether he is. The law being as I have
stated, the appropriation, if called for, is made
for a work already established. But, sir, the
gentleman has forgotten the history of this
question. Last spring an appropriation of
$5,000 was made for commencing the surrey
and work at League Island.
Mr. Speaker, a distinguished member of the
last House, (Mr._Pike, of Maine,) chairman of
the Naval Committee, who had opposed League
Island at an earlier stage, favored the appro-
priation. Mr. Pike was an economist, cer-
tainly as wise as my friend from Massachusetts,
yet he said at the time:
i station should be gradually improved,
lirS aL i °harge of the matter I would expend
MOO.OOO year by year at that station until the navy-
yard at Philadelphia can ba sold. The lowest esti-
$1*500 000 present yard can be sold is
When reminded that it was assessed at
$3,500,000, Mr. Pike, who had examined the
