4846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
the first private corporation of the kind that
has yet been chartered by Congress to carry
on business in the Stales. Putting aside the
question of constitutionality—and I have no
doubt, that it is unconstitutional for Congress to
assume to charter private corporations to carry
on businessiti the States—this bill is the begin-
ning of chartering private corporations by the
Federal Government. What must be the result
if it prevails ? Why, that we shall be run down
by such applications. If parties can come to us
from New York and Philadelphia, or else-
where, and we give tliem such valuable fran-
chises, we shall be beset with similar applica-
tions from one end ot thecouutry to the other.
If we enter upon this course of legislation it
will not be ten years, sir, before Washington
will be as much infested with corrupt influ-
ences, dangerous solicitations, and all the
inducements to wicked legislation as any State
capital in the Union. Nay, if we once enter
on this most dangerous path the condition of
things will, in time, become as much worse
here as they are at the State capitals, as
Congress is more powerful than the Legisla-
ture of any State. I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that
this is most dangerous legislation, and I warn
gentlemen that to travel the path in which this
innocent-looking bill is the first step, will lead,
as certainly as effect follows cause, to the ruin
of repubh'can institutions.
The chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce tells us that this concession requires that
the charter shall be from Congress. Now, the
parties need not have had that in the conces-
sion unless they chose. They knew well that
many of the States were open to them to
obtain charters, hut I presume they preferred
to take a concession which required a charter
from Congress, because that afforded a reason
for their coining here and asking for it. But
however that may be. whether this provision
in the concession be fortunate or unfortunate
for the parties interested, I say that great pub-
lic interests should not be jeopardized by dan-
gerous legislation for the benefitof individuals.
While Xhe navigation of the Amazon river
is a proper object for which to authorize a cor-
poration, I contend that no corpotation with
such enormous powers should be chartered for
that purpose, and that in no event should Con-
gress charter any private corporation at all.
1 insist that wo ought not to establish a prece-
dent which cannot fail to lead to most danger-
ous results.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DIXON. I am not a little surprised at
the source whence these objections come—
from the city of New York, and from a gentle-
man who is a member of the Committee on
Commerce. Why, Mr. Speaker, since the
commencement of this session of Congress,
and during more than half of the last session
of Congress, projects of every kind and char-
acter have been brought in here for the purpose
of resuscitating American commerce. Every
project that could be imagined by which money
was to be taken from the Treasury has been
suggested. Drawbacks were recommended;
bounties were recommended; public lands
have been asked for and subsidies have been
demanded, and American commerce is now
where it has been. Now, here is a company
of men, respectable citizens, who come here
and ask that they may be united together by a
charter to enable thera to do what any one of
them might do himself, and to give them the
privilege merely of being defendants in court.
They ask no subsidy, no bounty, no public
lands. They merely ask that they may be
enabled to tiansact business as one man and
they will resuscitate American commerce. The j
company are now building two steamers on the |
Delaware for the purposes of tins trade. j
The gentleman says it i.j a dangerous pre- j
cedent to allow these gentlemen to navigate |
Bolivian and other South American waters. |
Sir, is there any Other or belter way of lesus-
citatiug Amenean commerce? Here «iu men |
who will extend our commerce if we will give
them the privilege of nil doing whai one man
might do, if they may have a common seal and
the right to sue and be sued. Unless they can
get a charter from this Government their con-
cession is good for nothing; but if by our
giving them a charter they can biing the pro-
ducts and the commerce of ihese South Amer-
ican countries here, shall we stand in their way
when it costs us nothing? The gentleman says
this is the first private corporation ever sought
to be chartered by Congress.
Mr. POTTER. Outside of the District of
Columbia or the Territories.
Mr. DIXON. Why, you can hardly go any
where without finding a national bank, a pri-
vate corporation created by act of Congress
There are such corporations in every town and
city, in every county, in every State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these parties, in order
to obtain the subsidy given them in this con-
cession, have to procure a charter either from
the United States or the English Government.
If the English Government gives them a char-
ter England will have the benefit of this trade
and commerce. The bill only gives them a
right to trade Detween the United States and
the South American States. It gives them
nothing more, and they ask for nothing more.
There can certainly, therefore, be no objection
to giving them this chatter. It will benefit the
commerce of the country.
But the gentleman says that if we pass this
bill there will be application upon application
for similar charters. Well, sir, if any bodies
of men will come here and ask incorporation
for the purpose of resuscitating American com-
merce 1 will give it to them.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I observe that this bill
authorizes the incorporated company to engage
in public works on or near the rivers of Bolivia
and Brazil, with this restriction, that it shall
be done under the authority of the Peruvian
and Bolivian Governments. Now, the ques-
tion I want to ask is this, why does the bill not
require that this company shall have the author-
ity of the Brazilian Government to engage in
public work on or near Brazilian waters? I
suggest to the gentleman that he amend the
bill by inserting a provision requiring the com-
pany before engaging in public works on or
near Brazilian waters to obtain the authority
of that Power.
Mr. DIXON. The Bolivian Government
have guarantied that they will secure that right.
Mr. PAINE. But suppose the Bolivian
Government fails to obtain from the Brazilian
Government this authority, and still this com-
pany authorized by us engages in public works
on or near the rivers of Brazil, what will be
our predicament?
Mr. DIXON. We make no grant in this
charter. They ask nothing of the kind. 1
move the previous question.
Mr. FAKNSWOKTH. I would inquire of
the gentleman from iihode Island [Mr. Dixon*]
what benefit this charter would give this com-
pany over other persons engaged in similar
enterprises?
Mr. DIXON". It is necessary for thera to
make either a railroad or canal around the
falls in the river. The Bolivian Government
are willing to make this concession to this cor-
poration, provided they can procure a charter
aud can satisfy them that they have sufficient
funds for the purpose.
Mr. PAINE. I am so utterly opposed to
incorporating for the first time a foreign cor
poratiou by a law of Congiess. that 1 move to
l.iy this bill on the table.
Mr. DIXON. The gentle man has not the
floor for that purpose. I have not yielded the
floor.
Mi. PAINE. I understood the gentleman
to cull the pievious question.
Mr. DIXON. Iwuhd raw that call. I now
jield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
O Neill] for five minutes.
Mr. O'NEILL. I think if members will
look over this bill carefully they will find it a
very harmless bill indeed, and I am utterly
surprised at the opposition manifested to it
here. It has long been a wonder to me that
the American people have not shown more
interest in the South American States. I have
been surprised that Congress has not, been
oltetierapplied to to incorporatebodiesof men
desiring to engage in trade and commerce wnh
those States. Those South American States,
so far as commerce and trade is concerned,
are alniostentirelyint.be interest of European
Governments. And yet we are to day hesi-
tating whether we shall grant corporate powers
to men who are able to carry on the woik
which they wish to undertake, and which can
do nothing more nor less than create, increase,
and encourage the trade between the South
American States and our own country.
The necessity for obtaining this charter from
Congress is this: these corporators are to deal
with foreign Governments; they could proceed
ill this work as well with a charter from a,
State as they could with a charter from Con-
gress ; but the object of obtaining a charter
from Congress is to produce an impression
upon those South American States, a favor-
able impression, so that they may be thereby
iudueed to grant favors which they would not
be inclined to grant to a mere State corpora-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. Is the gentleman in favor of
incorporating an impression?
Mr. O'NEILL. No; but those Governments
would be likely to attach more importance to
this corporation if chartered by Congress than
if chartered bv a State.
Mr. MA YliAM. Would a charter from Con-
gress give these corporators more power than
would a charter from a State?
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not say so; but in
transacting business with the States of South
America an act of incorporation by Congress
would be the means of securing more privileges
from those States than would an act of incor-
poration by a single State.
Mr. DIXON. 1 now yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] for five minutes.
Mr. COX. I regret very much to differ with
my colleague [Mr. Wood] in reference to this
hill. I do not have the same apprehension about
this legislation which seems to trouble some
of my friends here. I am rejoiced at having
an opportunity to vote for a proposition entirely
within the constitutional power of Congress, to
regulate foreign commerce; a proposition which
requires no subsidy, and which takes none of
the public lands ; which has no special connec-
tion with home affairs; which is not connected
atall with commerce between the States; which
is not a charter for the purpose of carrying on
business in this country, but which is really a
charter to enable us to carry on commerce with
other nations.
Power is given by the Constitution to Con-
gress to regulate foreign commerce. I do not
intend to "stick in the bark" upon this ques-
tion. I have always voted in Congress against
charters ior national insurance companies,
against all national bank companies, against
all charters for carrying on business between
the States, giving special franchises by special
grants. Without knowing any of the men
named in this bill, who, however, have the in-
dorsement ot'my colleague [Mr. Potter] that
they are respectable men, I rejoice in the op-
portunity to aid the enterprise which they have
undertaken, that of opening an avenue by
which we may obtain our share of (hat great
South American trade which, under such aus-
pices, must some day be directed toward this
country.
I know very well that my colleague [Mr.
Wood] believes that these men ought to obtain
their charier from the State of New York.
The Panama Railroad Company, the Paeifie
Steamship Company, and other corporations
for commercial purposes, have obtained their
