1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4847
charters from the State of New York; but from
the remarks of my friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Dixon] I observe that in order to obtain
these commercial advantages in Bolivia it is
necessary that a charter shall be obtained from
the Government of the United States.
Mr. DIXON. J move the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the bill be laid
on the table. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The queslion was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 8-5, not voting
81; as follows:
YI2AS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Arneil. Asper, Barry, Beck, Bftnjarain, liiags. Bird,
Boles, Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Conner, Crebs, Davis,
Dickmsou, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Pmkelnburg, (lets, Ualdeman, Hay, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Ivnott, Lawrence, Lewis,
Mayham, McGrew, MeNeely, Morgan, Morrissey,
black, Orth, Paine, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent,
Schumaker,Shanks, Shober, John A.Smith.Steven-
son, Stone, Swarm, Sweeney, Talfe, Trimble, Van
Auken.Van Trump, Cadwalader C.Washburn.Wel Is,
Eugene M. Wilson, Wmans, Wood, and Wood-
wa rd—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tcll, Beatmin, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blah, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Cessna,
Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Covode,
Cox, Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dixon, Donley, Ela,
Ferriss, Feiry, Fisher, JFiteh, Garfield, Gilfilla.ii,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, lloar, Holmun, lloopor,
Ingersoil, Jenckes, Julian, Kellogg, Knapp, Lash,
Logan, Loughridse, McKenzie, Milnes, Jesse 11.
Moore,William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, Newsham. O'Neill,Packard,Packer,
Palmer, Peck, Peters, Poland, Prosser, Roots, San-
ford, {Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Steveus, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Strong, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkin-
son, and Williams—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Bailey,Banks, Bar-
num, Booker,Bowen. Jaraes Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin E. Butler, Roderick 11. Butler,
Cake, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Arnasa Cobb, Cobarn,Cowies, Dickey, Duval, Dyer,
Fox, Gibson, Griswold, Haight,Hambleton, llaimll,
Hawkins., Hawley, Hays, Ileflin, Hill, Hoge, Hotch-
kiss, Alexander 11. Jones, Kelley, Ivelsey, Kerr,
Ivetcham, Laflin, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, MeCormick, McCrary, McKee, Mercur,
Eliakim H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen,
Perce. Phelps, Piatt, Poineroy, Porter, Potter, Ran-
dall, liidgway, Schenck, Scofield, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,William J.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stiles,Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend,Van Wyck.Voorhees,Wallace,Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Willard, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Witcher—81.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
Durirg the roll-call,
Mr. POTTER said : On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Ohio, Mr.
Sohexck. If he were here he would vote
" no," and 1 would vote in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. DIXON. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman yields to me
that I may offer an amendment, which I think
will obviate the objection which many mem-
bers have to the bill. I move to add the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 7. And he. it further enacted, That Congress
shall have power to alter, amend, or repeal this act
at any time.
Mr. DIXON. I make no objection to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
mau from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] It is to add
these words:
And the principal office of the company shall be
located in the city of New York.
Mr. CONGER.. I hope the amendment of
tV.e gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will
not be adopted. These corporators are not in
tho city of New York, and ihey do not pro-
posrt to have their organization there. The
pMi.cipal ground of the opposition to the bill
is that the company is not a New York con-
cern
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
amendment I have stated.
The amendment of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was agreed to.
Mr. Logan's amendment was also agreed to.
Mr. DIX0N demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended-, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. PAINE and Mr. BIRD demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays G2, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Atwood. Ax-
tell, Banks, Beaman.Beatty. Bennett, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boyd, George Af. Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley, Baffin ion, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna. Church-
ill, Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb, ClmlonL. Cobb,
Coburn. Conger, Cook, Cox.Culiom, Degener. Dixon,
Donley, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Uarfield, Gil-
fillan, Hale. Hamilton, Harris, Hilt, Hoar, Hooper,
Ingersoil, Jenckes, Kellogg, Knapp, Laflin, Lash,
Logan, Maynard, McGrew, McKenzie, Jesse II.
Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.Morrell,
Myers, Negley,Ncwsham,0'jN[eUl, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt. Poland, Porter, Pros-
ser, Sanford, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Sfoughton, Strader, Strickland. Strong,
Twichell. Tyner, Upson, Van ITorn, Wallace, Ward,
Welker. Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, and Wil-
liams—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arneil,
Asper, Beck, Benjamin, liiggs. Bird, Boles, Burch-
ard, Burr, Cleveland, Conner, Crebs, Dickinson. Dox,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Getz, Ilaldeinan, Uam-
bletoo, Hiiy, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Mayham,
MeCrary, McNeely, Morgan. Morrissey, Mungen,
Niblack, Orth, Paine, Ileeves, Rice, Rogers, Sar-
gent, Schumaker, Shanks, Shober, John A. Smith,
Stone, Swann, Sweene}*, Tatte, Tanner. Trimble,
Van Auken.Van Trump, Cadwalader C.Washburn.
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, and Wood—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Aycr, Bailey,
B.irnum. Barry, Bookei\ Bowen, James Brooks,
Burdett, RoderickR. Butler, Cake, Calkin, William
T. Clark, Oovode, Cowlcs, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Dockery, Duval, Dyer, Ela,-KMridge, Fox, Gibson,
Griswold, llaight, Hamill. Hawkins, Hawley, Hays,
Hefi.ni, lloge, Hotchkiss, Alexander li. Jones, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Kerr, Ivetcham, Loughridge, Lynch,
Marshall. McCarthy, McCormick. MeKee, Meicur,
Milnes, Eliakim 11. Moore. Samuel P. Morrill,Peck,
Perce, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Ridgway, Roots,
Schenck, Porter Sheldon, Sheri od, Slocum. Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stiles. Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Van Wyck. Voor-
hees, William B. Washburn, Wiifard, John T. Wil-
son, Winchester, Witcher, and Woodward—71.
So the bill was passed.
Daring the vote,
Mr. POTTER announced that he was paired
with Mr. Schenck, who would vote in the
affirmative, while he would vote in the nega-
tive.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
patrick woods.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, only for the purpose of making a report
and having it printed and recommitted. I am
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary
to make a report, with the following preamble
and resolution ; and I beg leave to give notice
that after the morning hour on Monday next
I will call the same up for consideration. If
the minority desire I will also move that they
have leave to submit their views, and that they
be printed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas Patrick Woo>U. on the 13th dny of May
last past, at Richmond, did make a violent, unpro-
voked, and felonious assault upon Hon. Ciiarlhs H.
Porter, then being a member of the llou^e ot Rep-
resentatives on hii way returning thereto from a
II leave of ab:-ence, and did cut, bruise, and disable
j j said Pur ie [i, being then ar **mber of the House, fiom
1| attending to his duties therein. Woods well knowing
h that Mr. Porter was then member of Congress, and
!j on his way to Washington, and making such assault
jl becauseot thatknowledge, and whereas said Woods
i| being brought to the bar of tho House, and being
fully heard in his defense by counsel and witnesses
before the Committee ol the J udiciary, all the facts
betoie recitcd lullv appeared: Xheretore.
liesoh-ed, That Patrick Woods, now held at the bar
of the House to answer for a breach of the privi-
leges of the House tor his offense, be, and hereby is,
°AlTe^t04.^6JpuJ:ij?hte^ ^ imprisonment in the jail
of the District of Columbia, as other criminals are,
tor three months ;t and that a warrant in due form
under the hand of theSpeaker. be issued to the Scr-
geant-at-Arins, directing the execution of this order.
Mr. WARD. I^ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he will allow me to move an
amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. The subject is not now
up for action.
The report was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
The minority report was also ordered to be
printed.
delivery of mails.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
offer tiie following resolution:
Jtewlved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire aud repoit
to the House tbe cause of the great irrogularitv and
delay in delivering to the members of the llouso
mail matter addressed to them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Unanimous con-
sent being asked for, 1 cannot, so far as I am
concerned, assent to the correctness of the
recital of facts. I have not heard of any irreg-
ularity in the delivery of mails, and I must
object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution is not before the House.
miscellaneous appropriation bfll.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order, the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The Hou-e accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Buffinton in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. It. No. 21G5) making appro-
priations for suudry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the motion of the gentle nan from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Beaman,] to stride out lines one
hundred and seventy-three and one hundred
and seventy-four, on which debate has closed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to go back to line sixty-two, that I may
offer an amendment to which, I think, there
will be no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to my colleague
on the committee from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
that I propose, with the leave of the commit-
tee, to go through with the printed bill before
offering such amendments as the Committee
on Appropriations desire to offer. Gentlemen
not members of the committee may offer what
amendments they please as the bill is read;
but the committee's amendments I would like
to reserve until the printed bill is gone through.
If there is no objection to that proposition it
will include the amendment of my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
proposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations?
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object. I would
suggest that the gentleman allow the bill to get
thiough, and then make the application.
Mr. DAWES. I could not safely do that.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Tennessee persist in his objection ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
Mr. DAWES. Then we must present our
amendments as we go along.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I waive for the present
the request I made a few moments ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending amendment of the gentleman from
] Michigan, [Mr. Beamax.]
! The Clerk read as follows :
] Strike out lines one hundred and seventy-three and
j one hundred and seventy-four,namely,as follow*:
i for completion of the main central building. [Co-
lumbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.] $9-1,0S7.
I The question was put; and there were on a
i division—ayes 25, noes 36 ; no quorum voting.
