1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3903
troubles in the Supreme Court. Judge Curtis,
one of the ablest jurists that this country ever
produced, was on the bench at ยง6,000 a year.
He could make at the bar in Boston $15,000
a year.
Mr. NYE. More than that.
Mr. CARPENTER. Fifteen thousand dol-
lars, even at that time, to start with; and has
made all the time since up to forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars. We lost the services of Judge
Curtis, and he was succeeded by a man of op-
posite political faith on the bench, because this
Government was too mean to compete with
the merchants of Boston l'or the services of the
best lawyer in that city.
Look at England. They are consistent with
themselves. Their theory of civil government
is that it should be in the hands of an aristoc-
racy of wealth and nobility of blood. How do
they manage to secure that end? They will
not pay a member of Parliament a shilling.
What is the result? The House of Commons
to-day is the richest body of men in England.
We have heard a great deal of discussion in
that country that has come to us over the
water about reform, enlarging the ballot.
What does it amount to? Has the poor man
in England any rights whatever with the ballot
enlarged? What odds does it make whether
the nabob sitting in Parliament is voted for by
twenty-five hundred or twenty-five thousand
poor men? The poor men have no interest in
Parliament; they cannot take seats there, be-
cause they cannotsupport themselves after they
get there.
Look at the effect of that upon the elections
in England. I have here, and regret that I
have not time to read the Blue Book of Par-
liament, laid before them last year by the com-
mittee appointed to examine into that subject.
The disclosures of fraud that appear in con-
ducting the parliamentary elections in Eng-
land are enough to appal an American ; yes,
enough to appal us even after reading of the
recent election in the city of New York. They
are innocent as babes in the sixth ward of New
York, where they cast five times as many votes
as they havepopulation, compared with thecor-
ruption proved in this book to exist in England.
The poor men there have no interest in the ques-
tion what rich man is to represent them. He
must pay them for their services, they will not
go to the polls; and here is instance after in-
stance recited where the election opened with
an offer at the polls of two shillings a ballot,
and that carried a certain majority. The next
day the opposite party put it up to five shil-
lings, and that created a run until the other
party put it up to eight shillings, and swept the
board oa the third day. That is the natural
result of this thing.
See how it works in our own midst. When
General Grant's administration came in, he
offered the office of Secretary of State to a
statesman of the West, of Iowa, a man whom
all of us would have been proud to see in that
place. How did he look at it? To come to
Washington and live as a Secretary of State
should live would cost him $15,000 a year, and
his salary was ยง8,000 ; $7,000 out of pocket
each year. If he were to stay with his family
in Iowa, he could support them on $5,000 and
make ยง15,000. There was $17,000 difference
in his bank account. He could not afford to
pay that amount to be Secretary of State.
Then General Grant goes right to the eastern
States and offers the office to a man to whom
the $17,000 made no earthly difference; and
in that ease your $8,000 paid to the present
Secretary of State is thrown away, because he
would have taken the office just as quick with-
out the salary as with it.
Let me give another instance, to which my
friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] calls my atten-
tion. During the war Mr. Stanton was working
in the War Office on an average sixteen hours
a day, doing an amount of toil, meeting an
amount of responsibility which no man on earth
ever did for such a length of time ; toil and
trouble that broke down his giant constitution
and sent him untimely to the grave, where the
representatives of this nation with heavy hearts
and with heads_ bowed down have so recently
laid him. During those same years railroad
companies all over the country were paying
$10,000 a year to their attorneys. There was
not a count}'in the United States in which the
presidents of insurance companies and cashiers
of banks were not receiving more than this
nation paid Stanton for his sixteen hours of
labor each day. They went, to their banks and
their officesat nine o'clock, sat there until three,
had a quiet time during the day, and spent
the evening pleasantly with their families else-
where 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Wisconsin that his
five minutes have expired.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was afraid of that.
Mr. SCOTT. There is one fact which I wish
to state to the credit of the judiciary of the
United States during this discussion. There is
not a judge on the bench of the United States
courts who has not known from the time the
income tax was enacted down to the present
hour, that it was in violation of that clause of
the Constitution which provides that their sala-
ries " shall not be diminished during their con-
tinuance in office." We had that question
once before the Supreme Court of Pennsylva-
nia, and upon (hose very words that are in the
Constitution of the United States, in our State
constitution it was decided to be unconstitu-
tional to tax a judge's salary; and yet, sir, not
a man of them has ever raised the question, but
they have during all these years paid that tax
into the Treasury of the United States. It is
not very long since that, in a conversation with
one of the judges of a United States district
court, he said to me that every summer before
the income tax was imposed he had been in the
habit of taking a few weeks recreation to pre-
pare himself for his fall duties, but that since it
was imposed he had paid it every year and staid
at home. I mention that fact to the credit of
the patriotism of the men who held those posi-
tions in the courts of the United States; and
to-day there is not a class of men in the United
States who make as large sacrifices as do the
judges of the courts of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, as an amend-
ment to the amendment now pending, the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, Tliat the fifth section of the act to
provide circuit courts for the district of California
and Oregon, and lor other purposes, approved
March 3,18G3, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
I think that had better go on this bill. That
fifth section reads as follows :
That the judge assigned to the tenth circuit as
constituted by this act shall receive, in addition to
his salary hereinbefore provided, tho sum of SI,000
for his traveling expenses for each year in which lie
may actually attend tho session of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
My amendment proposes to repeal that sec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to amend the pending amend-
ment by adding a proviso to it.
Mr. STEWART. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will take care of that
in conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had better go on this
bill. If the original amendment does not pass
it will do no harm.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CASSERLY. The pending question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not desire to speak
upon that; but having risen I will say that per-
haps there may be some misapprehension as to
the extent of travel required to be done in that
circuit by the associate justice of the Supreme
Court assigned to it. I heard a comparison
made with the circuit of Judge Bradley ; but
as I understand the circuit of Judge Field, it
includes the States of California, Oregon, and
Nevada. If I am wrong I can be corrected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is correct.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand it to include
those threeStates. Now, the distance between
San Francisco and Portland I should say must
be between four and five hundred miles.
Mr. COIiBETT. Six hundred and fifty.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. And between San Fran-
cisco and Virginia City must be, I suppose, two
hundred and fifty miles.
Mr. NYE. I want the honorable Senator to
know that the seat of judgment of the circuit
court for the State of Nevada is at Carson City.
Mr. CASSERLY. In Carson City, then. At
all events it must be a travel of between two
hundred and fifty and three hundred miles;
and all over that country traveling is peculiarly
expensive as well as harassing. Of course the
law undertakes to provide only for the judge's
mileage. That is all I wish to say with refer-
ence to that subject.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose, taking the state-
ment of the Senator from California as correct,
that the travel in the southern circuit, the cir-
cuit embracing the Gulf States, is fully twice
as large as that which he has described.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And a great many more
courts are held there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to say but a few
words, and perhaps they are not called for.
One of the things that I have never been able
to understand in the workings of our institu-
tions is the reluctance of the representatives
in Legislatures, State and Federal, to giving
to the judges of the courts an adequate com-
pensation. I confine that remark to the rep-
resentatives of the people in the Legislatures.
I do not believe the feeling which actuates the
representatives is shared in by the people to
any great extent. Nothing can be more cer-
tain than that to the people at large the judi-
ciary is not only the most important branch of
the Government, but it is that branch of the
Government with which they are brought most
constantly into relations. Why, sir, do we not
know that if by any possibility the Congress of
the United States and the Legislatures of the
several States were disbanded for ten years to
come, leaving the courts in existence and in
operation, the world would go just as well; the
rights of the people would be fully as well
secured, to say the least, and the laws of the
country would be as well administered, and
the great movements of Government would bo
brought home to the people to their satisfaction
in every respect?
Now, sir, not only have all the expenses of
living increased, but the ideas of men in soci-
ety have become enlarged. The kind of living
and the scale of living now demanded from a
judge of the Supreme Court are very different
indeed from those that were expected twenty-
five years ago; and yet how often have you
raised the salaries of the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the course of the
eighty years of the existence of this Govern-
ment? I believe not to exceed twice, perhaps
only once; certainly I think I must be right in
saying that in eighty years they have been raised
not more than twice.
I think the objection, if there be one, to the
amendment as it now stands is, that the sal-
aries of the judges of the Supreme Court are
not adequate to the occasion. I think the
salaries of those judges as they stood in the
amendment originally presented by the Sen-
ator from Nevada were not too high ; but as
reduced by the Senator from Ohio I think the
salaries of the associates instead of being
$8,000 ought to be $8,500, bringing each of
them within $1,500 of the Chief Justice.
