1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2959
requiring the taking or administration of the
oath prescribed in the act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
exemption of district church property.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 617) to exempt certain church prop-
erty in the District of Columbia from taxation.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
that church property in the District of Colum-
bia, which is owned and used by any church
as a parsonage or residence for the minister
or pastor in charge of the same, shall be
exempt from taxation, and shall be considered
in the same light as houses of public worship.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that had better
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
tr-eat7 with cherokee nation.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(t>. No. 031) to provide for carrying into effect
provisions of a treaty concluded between the
united States and the Cherokee nation of
Indians July 19, 1866.
Mr. NYE. Let that bill go over.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
customs collector at wilmington.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S.R. No. 133) concerning the
pay of customs officers in North Carolina.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
provides that the act of the 25th of February,
1867, entitled "An act relative to collection
districts in North Carolina," shall not be con-
strued as repealing the act of the 27th of
March, 1804, entitled "An act relative to the
compensation of certain officers of the cus-
toms," and -so forth.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have
some Senator explain this resolution.
M r. CORBETT. As I remember it, this res-
olution fixes the salary at $2,500. The sum
mow received does not amount to that. This
officer has a good deal of local business to
attend to, and from the representation made
in the case by the Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Abbott] we concluded to fix the
salary at $2,500. I believe that is what this
resolution does.
Mr. SPENCER. I recollect this resolution.
It was introduced by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Abbott,] referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and by the Committee
on Commerce submitted to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who recommended its passage.
The object of it is to fix the salary of the col-
lector of customs at Wilmington, North Caro-
lina, at $2,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much does be
receive bow?
Mr. SPENCER. Under a late ruling he
can only receive about fourteen hundred dol-
lars, if my memory serves me right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the words
" and so forth" ought to be in a law of this
kind. I should like to havethose words stricken
out. They are rather peculiar.
Mr. SPENCER. I have already stated that
this joint resolution was sent to the Secretary
of the Treasury and met his approval.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
striking out the words "and so forth."
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
stricken out, if there be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of 1867 which
readjusted the districts in North Carolina—I
have it before me—contains this clause :
"And the collector of said district shall reside at
the port of entry thereof, and shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the consent of the Senate,
and receive a salary at the rate of $1,000 per annum
in addition to tho fees of office: Provided, That such
compensation shall in no case exceed the sum of
$2,500 per annum."
Now, the result of this joint resolution is to
make the salary $2,600 per annuta with the
fees and emoluments in addition apparently.
Mr. SPENCER. I think not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The collector of the dis-
trict of Vermont has his salary fixed at $1,000,
and the customs that he receives amount to
millions of dollars in the course of a year. I
do not know why the salary at this particular
port should be increased in this way.
Mr. SPENCER. My recollection is that
this fixes the salary positively at $2,500 per
annum, and no more. There was a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury approving
, the resolution which ought to be with the
| papers, and if it is not it is in the committee-
| room.
; Mr. CORBETT. My understanding is that
the law as it stands, as read by the Senator
from Vermont, fixes the salary at $1,000 and
> fees; but with those fees it does not amount to
J $2,500, and the object of this resolution is to
' fix the salary at $2,600.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why does it not say that?
!; Why not say that the salary of the officer shall
ji be $2,500, and then we shall know what it
I; means?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to a
i' proviso providing that the salary shall not
exceed $2,500.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to look into
the law referred to before this resolution passes.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas objects, and the joint resolution
will be passed over.
william ii. oliver.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 624) granting a pension to William H.
Oliver.
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of William H.
Oliver, late a private in company A, fifth regi-
ment Tennessee volunteers, upon the pension-
roll of the United States at the rate of eight
dollars per month from the 9th of June, 1862.
Mr. COLE. Is there a report in that case ?
If there is I should like to hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There does not
appear to be any record of a report on the
Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is there no report in the
case?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No written report. It.is
the ordinary case of a pensioner whose case
does not come within theproof strictly required
by the Pension Office. The committee looked
at it and were satisfied that the Pension Office
had made a mistake, and reported accordingly.
As this gentleman, like all other pensioners, is
not from Vermont—our people get their living
in another way up there—if any Senator wishes
to object to the bill, I shall agree to let it go
over with great complacency.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
adrian s. lee.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
S. No. 625) granting a pension to Adrian S.
ee; which was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Adrian S. Lee, late captain's
orderly in the United States ship Potomac,
upon the pension-roll of the United States at
the rate of eight dollars per month.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us hear the report
in that case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is only an oral
report.
Mr. FENTON. I should be glad to hear
the report in this case, or some statement
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I willstate with the great-
est pleasure, as I remember the circumstances.
This man was on board a ship and got injured,
La
fcftd the Pension Office rejected his claim upon
the ground that he could not furnish the tech-
nical proof that they required from the records
that the injury he received was while he was
in the line of his duty. While he was on board
the ship and letting down a cannon—I am very
sure that was the case—his leg was crushed.
The committee thought, as we think in all
such cases, that if a man gets injured while he
is on the field of battle or on board ship in the
regular service the burden of proof is not upon
him affirmatively to prove that he could pos-
sibly have avoided the bullet or the danger.
That is all there is in this case.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think, according to
; the ruling of the committee, we might as well
pass a general law that everybody who fails to
I furnish the proof required shall have a pension
I granted him. The committee furnish us no
evidence that this man's disability occurred in
the lino of his duty, but say that inasmuch as
he could not find any proof it was better for
the committee to recommend that he should
have a pension. It is a very dangerous prece-
dent. I hope no such bill as this will pass
without a written report and good reason and
good evidence given.
II Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that it
j : ought to pass without a written report, or at
11 all. That is a matter of entire indifference to
ij me. My friend from Michigan has mistaken
j, the facts entirely. We do not propose to give
j i anybody a pension who fails to furnish proof;
but we do propose to assume that where a man
receives an injury when he is performing a
public service on hoard a ship of war or on
the field of battle it is proof, until it is dis-
proved, that he is acting in the line of his duty,
and that he would not have received the in-
jury if he had not been there. That is this
case. If my friend wants the papers read, I
have them here and they can be read.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire of the
Senator how the facts that he states, except
as they are recorded in the Congressional
Globe, form a part of the public records, so
that Congress hereafter may have the benefit
of this intimation which he now kindly sug-
gests, or a precedent, or a guide in the future ?
There should be some rule in granting special
relief as well as in granting relief under gen-
6F&1 l&WS
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is in theory quite
true; but the Committee on Pensions have
had more than two hundred applications of
this description for small pensions, small sums
of money, with voluminous papers which we
have been obliged to wade through one by
one. It may be that we have done injustice
in rejecting about nineteen twentieths of them,
as we felt obliged to do. In the number we
had to report, with the labor upon lis, we felt
justified, when all the papers and the written
proofs were on file in the Pension Office show-
ing what the case was, in reporting some of
these c&ses that were small ones with an oral
report. Perhaps it is the fault of the commit-
tee. r do not either justify or defend it. The
Senate can do as it likes.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
whether the business of the Committee on Pen-
sions is notprincipally to determine upon cases
b for want of technic
which for want of technical proof the Depart-
ment cannot allow?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, some of thes*
cases.
Mr. NYE. In such cases the applicants are
generally deserving persons, and I think the
Opinion of the committee ought to be taken as
the guide of this body.
Mr. CHANDLER. But what I object to is
that they do not give us any information.
Mr. NYE. Oh, you do not object at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now, in granting Army
pensions 
Mr. NYE. There are poor men and women
suffering for the want of these pensions, and yet
my friend is quibbling about a written report.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; but how do we
