58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Beconstruction of Georgia—Mr. McCormick.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
But Virginia accepted these conditions, rely-
ing upon the pledge of our Government, and
she carried out in letter and spirit the condi-
tions imposed upon her. The President of
the United States has declared in his annual
message that she has fulfilled promptly and in
good faith every condition-precedent to her
admission, and no man has been able to show
her failure so to do in any one single particu-
lar. Having undertaken to comply with the
act of Congress, that noble old State did it, as
she has ever done everything that she has ever
determined to do, promptly, faithfully, and
thoroughly; and having done so, she respect-
fully but firmly points Congress to its own laws
and asks this House to carry them out by
admitting her to her rightful place. But the
Reconstruction Committee, to whom this sub-
ject was referred, has reported to the House
for its action a bill imposing new conditions—
a bill which ignores a law of Congress and
repudiates the nation's plighted faith; a bill
which declares in effect that although Virginia
has complied with her part of the compact the
United States will not comply with hers; that
we will recede from our promise; that we will
ignore our own law and break our own word.
Mr. Speaker, I am one of that small minority
in this House that ever opposed this great pet
scheme of reconstruction, and am in no man-
ner responsible for the law heretofore passed
and for the promise this Government gave to
Virginia. But I am a .member of the House
of Representatives, and what is more, I am an
American citizen, and as such I do here pro-
test against a bill which if passed I believe
will be a disgrace to Congress and the country
it represents.
But let us test the constitutionality of these
conditions and see if Congress really possesses
the power to pass such a bill. Virginia is to
be admitted provided her State officers take the
oath prescribed iu the bill, and that the people
of Virginia shall never amend that part of her
constitution relating to jurors and schools.
The tenth article of the Constitution of the
United States says:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people."
Now, unless the Constitution does delegate
the power to the United States to regulate the
school and jury systems of the several States
Congress has certainly no right to interfere
with them. I should like to know under what
clause of the Constitution such a power could
be claimed by any one who can read the instru-
ment. Still harder would it be to find any clause
prohibiting such powers to the States. If Con-
gress has the power to prescribe what changes
a State shall not hereafter make iu any portions
of her organic law not in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States it must equally
possess the power to prescribe what changes
she shall hereafter make. If Congress has the
power to impose negative it must have the power
to impose affirmative conditions. Where, then,
is the necessity for a State constitution at all
if an act of Congress can either alter or prevent
an alteration of it ? The whole theory of our
State governments has been a mistake and a
blunder, left for the Forty-First Congress to
discover and correct, if the States only hold
their constitutions at the will of Congress. The
mere statement of the case shows its absurdity.
Again, if Congress has the power to impose
these conditions there must be a power some-
where to enforce them. Congress surely does
not wish to make a mere idle declaration. If
it wants anything it wants a law that can be
enforced.
Suppose after her admission Virginia should
change her organic law in reference to schools
and juries, how then will you enforce the con-
ditions? Will you leave the matter to the
courts? If so, the question has long ago been
decided by our own highest tribunal that Con-
gress has no power to impose a condition on
the admission of a State which the State may
not disregard. There remains, then, to you but
one means to enforce it—the bayonet; to
change a government of law for one of mere
brute force, and thus give the most conspicu-
ous example known to all history that repub-
lican government is a failure and rational lib-
erty unattainable.
But there is another section to the bill (the
second) which proposes to legalize a previous
election of United States Senators. That is, to
declare by an act of Congress, duly passed by
both Houses and approved by the President,
thattheUnited States Senators-elect from Vir-
ginia were duly elected. The fifth article of
the Constitution says:
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications ofits own members;"
and yet in the face of that plain organic law
this House undertakes to judge of the election
of Senators; to declare, in fact, that the Sena-
tors-elect are legally elected ; and the bill seeks
to do this by a retroactive law.
We are assuminga power expressly given to
the Senate alone; we are judging of the elec
tion of Senators; we are usurping one of the
plainest constitutional privileges of the other
House.
But, Mr. Speaker, the conditions annexed
to this bill are as clearly inexpedient as tiiey
are unconstitutional. They presuppose that
all wisdom now and ever hereafter rests in
the Virginia convention that framed their pres-
ent constitution and in this Forty-First Con-
gress, because the aim of the bill is to make
a part of their work perpetual, to take away
from succeeding generations the right to
improve. Sir, there is hardly a State in the
Union that has not changed her original con-
stitution. The United States herself has made
radical changes, and is now seeking to make
more radical still. The changes brought
about by time cannot be all foreseen by even
the wisest. The time I believe is coming, and
will soon come, when that class of the present
population of Virginia that these school and
jury laws are more especially supposed to pro-
tect will have disappeared from her borders,
or at least only a few will be left scattered
here and there as monuments of Radical mis-
rule; when a new population will fill her ter-
ritory from the mountains to the sea, and
while all else may be changed, this bill seeks
to perpetuate the negro jury and the negro
school. It condemns the wisdom that has
been before us and denies that any can come
after us.
The monarchies of Europe are liberalizing
their governments and giving more rights to the
people. England is extending the suffrage and
disestablishing the Irish church; France has
a responsible ministerial government—all are
yielding more or less power to the people.
But republican America alone is centralizing;
day by day the legislative department of the
Government is absorbing the power of the
executiveand judiciary branches, and day by
day is trying to absorb more and more all the
powers of the States. This bill goes a step
further than they have yet gone, and seeks to
establish congressional control over State con-
stitutions.
This bill of the committee attempts to disturb
and destroy the whole theory of our Govern-
ment in this, that it attempts to make Virginia,
admitted and recognized Virginia, unequal to
the other States. Itattemptstoimpose fetters
on her free action as a State; it attempts to
impose conditions on her imposed on no other
State. But it is only an attempt. Should the
bill pass as reported, and Virginia be admitted,
so soon as she is she has the right to regulate
her own law in her own way, provided it is
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States. And I hope whenever she may see fit
to change her organic law that she will do so,
and that in making such changes she will only
take care that they be consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States.
But I hope the occasion to test the validity
of these conditions will never arise, and that
the substitute of the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] will prevail, and
that she will be at once admitted without these
odious and disparaging conditions.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. McCORMICK,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House or Representatives,
December 21, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 231) to provide for the reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
Mr. McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, in con-
sidering a bill the first question which suggests
itself is whether the measure is in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States. If we
decide that such is the case, then an objection
fatal to the bill has been raised and its further
consideration is a useless waste of time. I
propose to show that this bill iu its letter and
spirit is in violation of the Constitution of the
United States. Section eight of the bill pro-
vides that—
The Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment proposed to the Constitution of the United
States before Senators and Representatives from
Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress.
Here is a condition to impose which author-
ity can nowhere be found in the Constitution.
Congress may propose amendments to the Con-
stitution, but it cannot enforce their adoption.
This bill goes further, and provides that if
Georgia refuses to ratify the proposed amend-
ment it shall be deprived of its right of rep-
resentation, a right inestimable to freemen
and formidable to tyrants only. The Consti-
tution provides—
"That each State shall have at least ono Repre-
sentative."
This bill provides that Georgia, now entitled
to seven members, shall have no representation
until its requirements are complied with. The
Constitution provides—
. ''That each State shall be entitled to two Senators
m the benateof the United States, and that no State,
without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal
saifrasre m the Senate."
This bill provides that Georgia shall be
deprived of its suffrage in the Senate so long
as it refuses its assent to the amendment
proposed.
More than a year ago Congress declared by
solemn enactment that Georgia had complied
with all the reconstruction laws of Congress ;
that its constitution was republican in form ;
and that the State was entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, and its members were ac-
cordingly admitted. Since the admission of
Georgia, however, the Legislature of that State
has refused to ratify the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution, and it is now proposed, in
violation of the Constitution and in violation
of the rights of that State, to remand it to a
territorial condition, and to deprive it of all
representation until it has complied with the
conditions of this bill. Now, sir, I hold that
Congress is as much without constitutional
authority to impose the conditions of this bill
upon Georgia as upon any other State of the
Union.
_ The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn,]
in his remarks upon this bill, has said that
Georgia is free to accept or reject the fifteenth
amendment, and that no one proposes to force
her assent in this matter. Sir, such language
does but mock the unfortunate people of this
downtrodden State, whose very existence de-
