4848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Beaman.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Forsupport of the institution, over and above the
probable amount which will be received Irorn pay
patients, $15,000.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend by striking
out that paragraph. I do so not with the ex-
pectation that the amendmentwhich I ofter will
prevail, but to put on record my views, since
we cannot in Committee of the Whole have
our votes recorded. I desire to say that I ana
entirely opposed not only to this appropriation,
but to the appropriation in the preceding sec-
It" seems to me very strange indeed, sir, that
these large appropriations should be made by
the Government of the United States for local
purposes, for the benefit of the inhabitants of
the city of Washington. I am not here to vote
away the money of the people for any such
purposes. When appropriations are asked for
general purposes, for purposes in which the
whole country has an interest, I shall be ready
to act according to the best dictates of my judg-
ment ; but I consider it is wrong to make such
appropriations as these, and even if they were
right in themselves their amount is too large.
They are mainly calculated to support about
this city a set of paupers and disreputable peo-
ple. If the people of Washington cannot take
care of their own institutions I am willing to
take up this Capitol and remove it to some
other locality, where the people will be dis-
posed to attend to their own wants. This city,
it appears to me, has become a place for beg-
gars, a place for lobbiers, a place which, I
might almost say, has become a stench in the
nostrils of the community. Yet, sir, year after
year we are called upon to feed, as I have said,
this horde of loafers, this horde of vagabonds
about the streets of this city. I am opposed
to it because of this, and I am opposed to it
for the better reason that I believe we have no
right to vote away the money of the people for
any such purposes. *
Now, sir, $95,000 has just been passed for
the purpose of erecting buildings for some
insane persons here, and now here is $15,000
more for the purpose of protecting sane women.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to caU the gen-
tleman to order. He must confine himself to
the question before the committee.
Mr. ROGERS. I mentioned that in-order
to enter my protest against that appropriation
and put it on record. I believe that appropri-
ation was wrong, as I believe this appropria tion
is wrong, in principle and in spirit, and calcu-
lated to do no good to the country nor to the
parties whom it is supposed it will benefit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. There are one or two facts that ought
to go to the country in connection with the
remarks made by the gentleman from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. Rogers.] This institution has
been established here by the Congress of the
United States, and is for the benefit, not only
of the people of the District, but of all the
people who come here. A majority of the
patients are not residents of the District. Dur-
ing the year ending June 1, 1870, the number
of patients treated in this hospital was nine
hundred and seventy-one ; the number of pre-
scriptions furnished gratuitously to out-door
patients during the same time was six thou-
sand seven hundred and eighty-six. The larger
number of patients are not residents of the
District, and should not be chargeable upon
it. Poor women who are unable to support
themselves during sickness are admitted to this
hospital upon the order of the Secretary ot'
the Lnterior and of the Surgeon General. The
institution is entirely under the control of the
Government of the United States, and is in the
largest sense a national institution. The criti-
cism of the gentleman from Arkansas, so far
as it may apply to other institutions in this
District, may, perhaps, to some extent be just,
but it does not in any just sense apply to this
institution. I hope the appropriation will not
be stricken out. I call for a vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Rogers s
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I now ask unanimous
consent to go back to line sixty-two for the
purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. _ I will hear the amend-
ment, reserving the right to object.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
And the provision requiring that five of the six
revenue-cutters upon said lakes be laid up is hereby
repealed, and as many of them as the Secretary ot
the Treasury in his discretion shall put m commis-
sion, not exceeding four, shall be specially cluirged
with aiding vessels in distress on said lakes, ana the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and is, authorized
to sell two of said revenue-cutters now on the north-
ern lakes for such consideration and under such
regulations as ho may prescribe, and that the pro-
ceeds be covered into the Treasury.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
The Clerk read as follows:
For completing the custom-house buildins; at St.
Paul, Minnesota, $100,051 33: Provided, That no part
of the money shall be expended until a contract or
contracts shall be entered mtoby the proper authori-
ties with the lowest responsible bidder or bidders
for the completion of the entire building, at a sum,
including all moneys already expended in its con-
struction, not exceeding $300,000; and the expend-
iture of any sum of money in violation of this pro-
viso shall be deemed unlawful.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend that paragraph by adding to it the fol-
lowing :
But the proviso shall not be construed to prevent
the payment of amounts due or to become due under
oxisting contracts.
I believe that is acceptable to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairs and preservation of the__ custom-house
building at New Orleans, Louisiana, i>25,000.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by striking out
" $25,000" and inserting " $75,000." I rely
upon the report of the architect in order to
sustain the amendment which I have offered.
In the deficiency bill, passed some time since,
there was an appropriation of $25,000 for this
purpose. I think if members of the Committee
of the Whole understood the condition of this
building they would agree to the amendment I
have offered. It is a large building, covering
an entire square of ground, and constructed
of granite. The building was uncompleted at
the beginning of the war, and it is unfinished
to-day. But few of the rooms in the building
are completed ; the entablature is unfinished ;
the roof is but a temporary one, and now
leaks almost over the whole of it whenever
it rains. This I know of my own personal
knowledge, because, in company with the col-
lector of customs of New Orleans, I made a
personal examination of this building just
prior to my coming on to this city.
This building is occupied by the United
States district and circuit courts, by the officers
of internal revenue, by the officers of customs,
and by officers for post office purposes. Very
serious damages have resulted from the incom-
plete condition of the roof, particularly from
rains. The amount here proposed is not suffi-
cient to put a complete roof upon this building;
but I am informed by the architect that $100,-
000 would enable him to finish the entablature
and put on a proper roof. And the $75,000
which is proposed by my amendment, with the
$25,000 given by the deficiency bill, would
make that sum of $100,000.
This building has already cost millions of
dollars, and is rapidly going to decay in conse-
quence of its incomplete condition. There
should be a substantial roof put upon it, and
then the basement story could be used for
warehousing purposes, thereby saving a large
amount now paid out for that purpose. 1w'll
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr-
Butler,] who knows the condition of this
building, to confirm what I have said. 1 do
not wish to take money out of the Treasury
needlessly, but I do wish to preserve the public
property, and to make this building nt for
public use.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For completion of the work on the appraisers
stores in Philadelphia, Pennsy lvania, including pav-
ing, grading, and curbing, $lb,lib; and forfour tanks,
four steam-pumps, hose, and four projecting lifts for
loading and unloading heavy goods, $8,200; and lor
six hoisting machines, SplS.OuO; in all, !pbJ,346.
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend by insert-
ing just before the paragraph just read the
words " for repairs and improvements of the
custom-house building at Petersburg, Virginia,
$10,000." , ...
Mr. DAWES. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. PLATT. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the amendment I have offered. This
is a very valuable building and sadly in need
of repairs, for nothing has been done upon it
since the war. I will not press the amend-
ment if the Committee on Appropriations shall
make any very strenuous opposition to it. But
I think if members will hear my statement they
will consider it right and proper to appropriate
this small sum. I ask for only $10,000 for the
care and preservation of a very valuable build-
ing. This building accommodates_ all the offi-
cers of the General Government in that city,
and it is now out of repair. The supervising
architect of the Treasury is well aware of the
absolute necessity of expending _ this small
amount of money upon this building for the
purpose of preserving the property of the Gov-
ernment. He has not the money necessary for
that purpose, but will have it if my amendment
shall be adopted. I hope, therefore, there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. I object to it.
Mr. PLATT. I shall have to ask a vote
on my amendment. I would call attention to
the fact that there is no appropriation at all
in this bill for any public buildings in the State
of Virginia. We ask only $10,000, and I assert
that it is absolutely necessary for the proper
preservation of this public property. If it is
not done this year it will cost a great deal
more to do it the next year.
Mr. DAWES. No such appropriation is
asked for by the Department.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Platt ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 40, noes 21 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kelsey and
Mr. Platt were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the amendment just adopted the
words "for completing the custom-house at
Wiscasset.t, Maine, and grading and fencing
the grounds surrounding it, $-1,000." This
appropriation is recommended by the super-
vising architect of the Treasury Department.
I offer it on behalf of my colleague, the
Speaker of the House, in whose district this
building is situated. He intended to bring the
matter before the Committee on Appropri-
ations, but the committee reported the bill
before he had the opportunity to do so. I
understand that the committee have examined
the matter and have no objection to this propo-
sition. I appeal to the chairman of the com-
