3904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
• Mr. STEWART. I think it ought to be
$9,000. It is not in order to move thatamend-
ment, or I would offer it.
Mr. CASSERLY. However, I shall hail
any increase of the salaries of the judges of
the Supreme Court or the judges of the circuit
courts as an advance in the right direction,
as so much gained from what 1 regard as an
erroneous policy of legislation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is unpleasant for a
member of the bar to interpose an objection
to an increase of the salary of judges. But,
sir, as a member of the bar of twenty-five
years standing, I express the deliberate opin-
ion that no man ought to sit as a judge on the
supreme bench or any other bench who has
hot been able after twenty years' practice to
make by his profession a sufficient sum of
money to live on comfortably the rest of his
life.
Sir, for many years justice was dispensed
in the State of Delaware by judges as able as
any you have upon your Supreme bench or in
any district court in the United States, and
the salary of the chief justice was $1,200 and
of the associates $1,000. That, to be sure, is
a small State ; but still the judges have much
important business to do. Over that court in
time past presided such men as Thomas Clay-
toft, John M. Clayton, Richard II. Bayard,
James R. Booth, Samuel M. Harrington—men
equal to any judges you have on your Supreme
bench; and the associate judges, as a general
thing, have been men equal in learning witb
any of your district or associate judges of the
United States. At the present time, however,
the chief justice receives $2,000 and the asso-
ciates $1,800.
Sir, I do not like the idea of its being con-
sidered that a judge sits upon the bench for his
salary. There is something in the dignity of
the office that is a compensation to any man
who is ambitious for fame in his profession.
The dignity of the character of a judge is
something which commends itself to the ambi-
tion of every lawyer.
' Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
®ne to ask him k question?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. It the judges of our
courts are to find their compensation in dignity,
not in money, does not that exclude every poor
man from the bench? Dignity enjoyed by the
father will not stop the mouths of the chil-
dren.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am perfectly aware
of that; that while "man does not live by
bread alone" he must have some bread; yet
it is not necessary to give him a greater amount
of bread than is- necessary for his comfort and
necessities. But, sir, I do say that there is
something in the dignity of the position of a
judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States, or of a district court of the United
States, that is a great reward to any man who
has the learning and the capacity to fill it, and
who is ambitious to be known to the profession
and to hand down to posterity the opinions
which he may be able to give.
Now, in reference to another matter, the
'judges of this District: I recollect, since I have
been a member of this body, when you had as
able a bench, perhaps, in this city as you had
in the Supreme Court, and the compensation
of those_ judges was $2,500, according to my
recollection. You removed them by an act of
Congress, changing the court, reorganizing the
court as you called it; but the object of which
was to get clear of the judges'. You then had
hungry applicants, disappointed politicians,men
who had been defeated as candidates for Con-
gress, knocking at the presidential doors and
asking for the appointment; men who voted
to reorganize these courts that they themselves
might get the positions. As soon as they got
the positions their salaries were" increased to
f8,000 or $4.000 
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Delaware has now spoken six minutes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did not think of that
rule or I should have spoken faster. [Laughter. ]
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada as amended, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CARPENTER, (after having voted in
the affirmative.) My friend, the Senator from
Mainer[Mr. Hamlin,] reminds me, what I had
forgotten, that I had paired on this question
with the Senator from New York, [Mr. Couk-
mkg. ] I therefore regret to say that I must
recall my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote of the Senatorfrom Wiscon-
sin will be withdrawn.
The result was then announced—yeas 31,
nays 1G ; as follows^
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Davis, Flanagan,
Harlan, Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill ot
Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross,
Sawyer, Seott, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Vickers, Warner, Williams, and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman,Chandler,Cragin,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Spencer, Trumbull, and Willey—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Cattell, Oonkling, Drake, Edmunds, denton,
Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Howell,
Lewis, McDonald, Morton, Norton, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Rovels. Robertson, Schurz, Thayer,
Thurman, and Wilson—25.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. On page 32, after line seven
hundred and seventy-two, I move to insert the
following:
Branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina:
For assayer, $1,500.
For wages of workmen, $1,492.
For chemicals, charcoal, and wood, incidental and
miscellaneous expenses, 41,500.
This clause is in the estimates of the De-
partment, but it was left out in the House. I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to agree to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 55,
after line thirteen hundred and forty-three, I
move to strike out the following words:
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to the
tenth circuit for attending sessions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, 4>1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. ^MORRILL, of Maine. On page 54,
line thirteen hundred and six, I move to strike
out the word "clerk." It now reads, "for
chief clerk of Bureau of Steam-Engineering,"
and there is no provision -for the chief of the
bureau. It should read, " for chief of Bureau
of Steam-Engineering," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis obviously
a misprint, and it will be corrected accordingly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then after the
word "engineering," in the same line, I move
to insert the words " chief clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
• Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The sum appro-
priated in that clause should also be increased
to $11,260.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will also be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate hav-
ing refused to concur in the amendment of the
committee cutting off the publication of the laws
in the newspapers, it becomes necessary to
increase the sum appropriated in the clause on
page 15, commencing line three hundred and
forty-eight. I move that "$50,000" be
stricken out in line three hundred and fifty,
and "$75,000" inserted, so that it will read
" $75,000" for the publicationof the laws in
pamphlet form and in the newspapers of the
States and Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was a
limitation put upon this clause that nothing
except ofgeneral interest and public laws should
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Still I think it
is necessary to make this increase.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention has
been called to an error in the text of the bill
on page 20, line four hundred and seventy-five.
The word "ten" should be "eleven," so as
to read "eleven laborers" in the office of the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department.
The amendment was.agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now the total
amount appropriated by that clause should be
increased $720.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatamendment
will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 24,
line five hundred and eighty one, after the word
"warehouses" I move to insert these words:
And the same, when not paid, may be collected by
the same means provided for the collection of other
taxes.
This is simply to provide the means for col-
lecting the sum for paying the salaries of
storekeepers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the bill
on page 27, line six hundred and fifty-two, by
strikingout "$4,500" and inserting "$5,000;"
so as to' make the sum appropriated $-5,000. I
ask for the adoption of that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is that for?
Mr. KELLOGG. The salary of the Assistant
Treasurer at New Orleans.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The salary was
fixed by the House bill at $4,000, and amended
by the Senate so as to make it $4,500; and the
Senator from Louisiana now proposes to strike
out "$4,500" and insert $5,000."
Mr. KELLOGG. I will state the reason
why I offer this amendment. This was form-
erly the salary of the Assistan t Treasurer at New
Orleans. It was his salary before the war and
since the war until during the past two months;
in fact since this bill was reported by the House
Committee on Appropriations. I ought to
state, however, that it has' been reduced in con-
sequence of the abolition of the branch mint at
New Orleans; The Assistant Treasurer hereto-
fore, until the abolition of this mint, received
$4,500 as his salary as Assistant Treasurer, and
$500 as ex officio superintendent of the mint.
I desire to amend by adding the $500 to the
$4,500, as proposed by the House bill, thus
giving him the salary that he originally had.
The position of superintendent of the mint was
for some time a sinecure, the mint having been
virtually abolished because work was suspended
there. So far as the duties of the office are
concerned, the deposits, the balances, and the
disbursements are far larger than they are in
either of the cities of Boston and St. Louis,
and in each of those cities the Assistant Treas-
urer by this bill is given $5,000. There is
every month a larger amount of money in the
hands ofthe AssistantTreasurer at New Orleans
than there is at either of the cities of Boston
or St. Louis, and he is compelled to give bonds
to the amount of nearly one third more. His
duties are much more onerous in every respect,
and the position is much more responsible.
Mt. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment by making the salary of the
Treasurer of the United States $8,000 instead
of $6,500, as it now stands, and on that I
desire to say one word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not
properly an amendment to this amendment.
It is not in the same paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that; but it will have to be done here, or I can-
not move it. I propose to add:
Provided, That the salary of the Treasurer of the
United States shall hereafter be fixed at $8,000.
I move that amendment as a proviso to tho
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. These amend-
ments, except by unanimous consent, must be
taken separately. They belong properly in
different parts of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. In this part of the Cham-
ber we are so unfortunate as not to be able
