1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20if
tea that he cannot do anything else but per-
form his duties at a desk in a Department he
is no longer fit to do that. The argument of
the Senator from Nevada would apply just as
strongly to Congress as to the Departments.
He might say with ecjnal force that there never
should be a change in the House or the Senate
because when a man had been here four years
or six years he waS out of business elsewhere,
and might just as well be ruined the rest of his
life as to spoil ft fresh man.
Mr. NYE. Would not the Senator from
Wisconsin be willing to have such a rule
adopted? [Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir; I should not.
The resolution, however, looked to a matter
beyond that—to a reorganization of these De-
partments, which, in my judgment, would cure
a part of the evil which Senators have already
mentioned.
Without pretending to have any very accu-
rate knowledge or any well-matured or settled
theory on the subject, I have a very strong im-
pression that to take the Treasury Department
for instance, or the Post Office Department,
and thoroughly reorganize it by cutting down the
force one half and requiring two or three hours
more daily labor thanis performed, andpaying
double the price that is now paid, and then
appointing only saeh persons as are competent
to do the duties, you would accomplish two or
three good things. The business would be
done more speedily, more satisfactorily, more
economically to the Government on the whole.
And then, instead of having four or five great
Departments, which are so many great infirma-
ries for paupers, as Senators say, we should
have simply business offices occupied by busi-
ness men, and that occupation need not ruin
a man who was devoted to "it for two, four, or
six years any more than any other active busi-
ness. I have an impression that these Depart-
ments are subject to this criticism; that they
are filled with men utterly incompetent toper-
form their duties, and some of them are re-
tained, as the Senator from Nevada proposes
to retain all of them, because they are super-
annuated, because they are too old to do any-
thing else, because they are too feeble to take
care of themselves. If any man lias served
the country so long as to be entitled to a living
at its hands, let us meet that question like
men, and give him a pension. I might be will-
ing to do that; but let us not continue him in
an office which he is incompetent to discharge
the duties of, because he is too old or too
feeble to earn his living elsewhere.
Since 1 presented this resolution, however,
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] has
introduced a, bill looking to a, reorganization
of the whole system .of appointments, a civil
service bill, as he calls it, and that I under-
stand is now being considered by this com-
mittee. This resolution, therefore, in that view
of it is proper to be considered by the com-
mittee in that connection, and I atn perfectly
willing that the reference shall be made; but
i hope, as the Senator from Indiana has
expressed it, that it is not to be understood as
a reference made to bury the resolution. I
believe the information whioh the resolution
seeks, presented as it would be if answered, in
a form in which it could be comprehended and
arrived at by Congress easily, may lead to softie1
valuable suggestions and valuable results in
the way of reorganizing the several Depart-
ments.
Mr. NYE. I understand this resolution has
been referred.
The YICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
It is still open to debate. Several Senators
rose to debate it when the Senator from Wis
cousin took his seat.
iir. NYE. I want, to get up a little bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nevada does not claim the floor on this
resolution, the Chair recognizes the Senator
from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer.]
Mr. NYE. I yield to the Senator from Wis-
41st Cong. 2d Sijss.—No. 127.
consinj who wishes to ask a question o'f his
colleague.
Mr. HOWE. I simply want to Call the atten-
tion of my colleague to one expression he used
which I Am sure life did not mean to use, or
rather to an interpretation of which it; is sus-
ceptible, that I kii0# lie would hbt CcSiisent to
have placed on it, afid that is that the De-
partments are filled, with incapable ihb'ai He
certainly knows as I do that there are' a great
many exceptions to that rule. There are iti
the Departments matiy very capable thetf, while
there ate mahy who answer the' description he
gave.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certttiftly; I suppose
every Senator understood m6 just as clearly as
my colleague.
Mr. THAYER: I have a good deal of sym-
pathy with Massachusetts, suffering from the
fact that she stahds at such a great disadvan-
tage with the other States in regard to the dis-
tribution of public patronage; that she has
scarcely any of the prominent offices ; has been
greatly neglected since the 4th of March, 1869,
and has had no clerks, no foreign ministers, no
Cabinet ministers! [Laughter.] I am very
much moved by the remarks of my friend from
Massachusetts, and I rise to say that I will, in
my humble way, endeavor to unite With him o*
follow his lead in having justice done to Massa-
chusetts in the distribution of public patronage.
I have, however, often observed that When a
man gets all he wants and a good deal more
than he asked for he does not wish any change,
any new orders of things, any redistribution ;
he is satisfied.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Nebraska
allow me to pass a little bill? This question
will last until to-morrow. My bill is nothing
about offices, and I should like to have it
passed.
Mr. THAYER. Well, I want to submit to
the Chair a proposed amendment ; or I will
ask the Senator from Wisconsin if he has any
objection to an amendment of this character:
that the committee be instructed to inquire
hoifr many disloyal men and disloyal women
there are employed in these Departments. Has
he any objection to that?
Mr. CARPENTER. No objection whatever.
Mr. THAYER. Does he accept the amend-
ment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a motion to refer precludes a motion
to amend. Except by unanimous consent a
motion to amend cannot be made while a mo-
tion to refer is pending,
Mr. CARPENTER. No one will object to
the amendment-
Mr. TH A YER. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin accepts it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin accepts the proposed amend-
ment; and the Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Let this go over until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope this matter will
be disposed of, or else it will be an illustration
of the failure of the new rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reference of this resolution and the
amendment to the Committee on Retrench-
ment?
Mr. MORTON. There is at present. I ask
to have it go over until to-morrow morning ;
at any rate the time is out; the morning is
expiring.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will proceed if he wishes to speak.
This matter stands in the way of taking up a
bill to remit internal revenue taxes on public
charities, and prevents a single bequest of
probably a million dollars from taking effect.
I should like to have that bill passed this morn-
ing, and I hope this resolution will be put out
of the way, so that we may reach it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inqtfife of the Chair
whether I am at liberty tS withdraw the motion
to refer which I have,submitted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
at liberty to do so. The question theil tecUMs
oti the atiie'ndnient of the Sdiiatdt fl-oiii Ntirth
Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to triake ah-
other motion befbre I fifetiine niy Seat. i itiove
that this resolution be plated at tfie Fooi. of the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion k
ih order, tod ttiust fee decided wfdtoiii; debate.
Mt. POMEROY. I move that the rSsolfition
be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Kansas takes precedence,
and if agreed to will leave the tesolutiofii in its
present place on the Calendar. The dileation
is on the motion of the Senator frOfa Kiihaas.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon, that this resolution be placed at the foot
of the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE i'ROM THE HODS®.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPHEiisoir,its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
946) to provide for the survey of the Fort
Gratiot military reservation, in the State of
Michigan, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 150)
to transfer an appropriation for the public
printing.
ENROLLED BILL STflOTD
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) relative to
legislative fund of Washington Territory; and
it was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 945) to provide for the
survey of the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion, in the State of Michigan, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
SUCCESSION TAX ON CHARITABLE DEVISES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
indulge me now in considering the bill to
exempt public charities from taxation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is be-
fore the Senate, tinon which the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled to the
floor. Does he yield to the Senator from Ohio
to call up the bill indicated, subject to a
demand at any time for the regular order?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to be considered and passed,
for I think there will be "no question about it.
Mr. HOWARD. If it is not likely to con-
sume any time in debate I will yield; but if it
gives occasion to debate I shall insist on my
right to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill men-
tioned by the Senator from Ohio Will be taken
up, subject to a demand by any Senator for
the regular order, which will cut it off. The
Chair hears no objection to taking it up, and
the bill (S. No. 637) to relieve public charities
from taxation is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggested the other day
that this bill should be confined to taxes as-
sessed by the United States. That is what is
meant.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course we
cannot exempt taxes assessed by a State.
Mr. POMEROY. Then say so.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator" teMs to
put in words repealing the existing national
tax on these legacies and bequests 1 have no
objection.
