1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2961
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me, and I wish to apologize to the Senate
ooeomore. We adopted this course as to some
of these bills: on account of the great number
of ihem they had either to be rejected and left
over entirely, or I must be permitted, with the
amount of work I bad in hand, to make these
reports and then explain the testimony it
necessary. I shall take it to be the pleasure
of the Senate hereafter that pension cases shall
wait until we can have time to make a written
report in each case. I will explain this case
if it is desired. ,
Mr. POMEROY. It is not desired.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Just state what the dis-
ability was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have all the papers
from the Pension Office, and can state the
facts. The case was proved to our entire satis-
faction. "While doing guard duty on or near
the Cross ltoads in Virginia, on or about the
1st of July. 1814, on account of the night
being very dark, he stepped into a ditch which
caused him to fall, the consequence of which
was that he broke the bone of his right arm
near the shoulder. Said broken arm has pre-
vented him from the use of the same to a great
extent ever since, and he was otherwise dis-
abled while in the said service and in the line
of duty aforesaid." And then he goes on to
describe how he got hurt again by slipping on
tbe ground in the damp, lying on the picket
line. This is proved by the papers from the
War Department, and from the Pension Office
I believe also where he applied, by the cap-
tain of his company, by his fellow-soldiers, and
by his attending physician. The old gentle-
man was proud, and as long as he could live
on his own exertions, notwithstanding this dis-
ability, he did not call upon the Government.
When he fell into want and distress, having
beeu clearly entitled all the time, he applied
for a pension. We were satisfied that the proof
showed that he was disabled in the service of
his country, and that he therefore came within
the very letter of the law which pays to sol-
diers of the war of 1812 pensions for disabil-
ities. The bills we have reported against have
been bills to pay a general pension as a mere
act of -bounty, of generosity, of gratitude to
people who came home from the war as well
as they went in, and got their bounty land and
tbeir pay besides.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When does this pension
commence?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It commences from the
passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH FIEDLER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 629) granting-a pension to Joseph
Fiedler; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Joseph Fiedler, late sergeant major
of Thieleman's battalion of Illinois cavalry,
upon the pension-roll of the United States, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 13th
of November, 18C5.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
UBS. JANE NORTHRIDGE.
Mr. FENTON. I aBk my friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] if he will not withdraw
his objection to the bill (S. No. 128) for the
relief of Mrs. Jane Northridge. The bill has
t)ccn
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a pension
case.
Mr. FENTON. It is a bill reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was not
reported in full. The Senator from Vermont
said, when he heard the title of it, that he had
41st Cong. 2d Sjsss.—No. 186.
heard something in regard to it, and he desired
it to be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state to the Sena-
tor from New York that it is a matter I have
no connection with; buta brother Sonator, who
was going out, informed me that there were
objections to it and wished me to suggest that
it be passed over. That having been stated to
me, I felt it to be my duty to say so.
Mr. FENTON. I supposed it came from
the Committee on Pensions; but I find that it
did not.
NORTHERN FRONTIER COMMERCE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. G13) to regulate the foreign and coast-
ing trade on the northern, northeastern, nnd
northwestern frontiers of the United States,
and for other purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shonld like to ask my
friend from Michigan if there is a written re-
port in that case? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill first.
Mr. POMEROY. If this bill is going to give
rise to debate 
Mr. SUMNER and others. No; itwillnot.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is word for word
a bill that we passed last winter, and it has
been tboronghly examined.
Mr. NYE. A bill of about sixty-nine sec-
tions ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; not that many.
Mr. POMEROY. I will reserve my objec-
tion. Unless it is debated I will not objeet.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is identically the
same bill that we passed at the last session.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which was read at length.
Mr. NYE. I desire to know if there is a
• report in this case? Here is a bill changing
the whole subject of commerce on the frontier.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
been reported in full. The Chair supposes
that is the report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
i reading, read the third time, and passed.
1 Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
j adjourned.
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
j Monday, April 25, 1870.
| The House m et at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
I by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
| The Journal of Saturday last was read and
i approved.
I ORDER OF BUSINESS.
j The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
| first business in order will be the call of the
i States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
; resolntions for reference to their appropriate
! committees, and not to be brought back by
j motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
1 Legislatures are in order.
| HOMESTEADS IN THE DISTRICT.
S Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
! 1833) to protect homesteads in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
| time, referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1834) in addition to an act limiting
the liability of ship-owners, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
MARY II. ALLIXO.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (R. R.
No. 1835) granting a pension to Mary H.
Ailing; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
FAIRFIELD PORT OP ENTRY.
Mr. BARNUM Introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1836) to change the port of entry of the district
of Fairfield, State of Connecticut, and the com-
pensation of the collector of said district; whif;h
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1837) granting land to aid in theconstruc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Co-
lumbia river to Great Salt Lake; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
J. t. LAY AND W. W. WOOD.
Mr. BENNETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1838) for the relief of John L. Lay and
William W. Wood; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
COMMISSIONERS IN BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1839) vesting the powers of commissioners ap-
pointed by courts of the United States in regis-
ters in bankruptcy; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States, and
1 ordered to be printed.
i SILVER COIN.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1840) changing the standard weights of silver
coins, limiting the amount to be issued, and
: for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and ordered
to be printed.
ENSIGN BENJAMIN 8. RICHARDS.
Mr. MERCUR also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 259) to restore Ensign Ben-
jamin S. Richards to his proper place in the
United States Navy: which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. VAN AUKEN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1841) to establish a post road from Toby-
hanna, in the county of Monroe, via Dowlinga
and Whitesells, to South Sterling, intheoonnty
of Wayne, State of Pennsylvania; which wag
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
MARY C. RENO.
Mr. GILFILLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1842) to place the name of Mary C. Reno,
widow of Major General Jesse L. Reno, on the
pension-list at the rate of fifty dollars per
month; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1843) to establish a post road in Calvert county,
Maryland ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
HIRAM L. GRANT.
Mr. HEATON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1844) relieving Hiram L. Grant; which was
read afirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
ALABAMA AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD.
Mr. BUCKintroducedabill(H. R. No. 1845)
to grant the right of way to tne Alabama and
Chattanooga Railroad Company to the Pacific
