1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1073
Also, the petition of Jerome G. Meagher and
244 others, citizens of Fillmore and vicinity,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of B. F. Severson and 19
others, citizens of Ellenorale, Gentry county,
Missouri, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of 38 citizens of
Troy, Kentucky; of 41 citizens of Parksville,
Boyle county, Kentucky; of 56 citizens of High-
land, Lincoln county, Kentucky; of 20 citizens
of Milledgeville, Kentucky: and 31 citizens of
Coleman, Mercer county, Kentucky, all pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of J. P. |
Craig, for arrears of pension.
Also, petitions of citizens of Shelbyville, of
Macon county, of Rail's county, of St. Cath- i
erine's, and of La Grange, all of the State of
Missouri, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON : The memorial of
James Ford and 21 others, of North Pem-
broke, and of Tully Crosby and 11 others, of !
Brewster; all of Massachusetts, and all praying ;
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA : Five petitions of citizens j
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pass a ]
lair abolishing the franking privilege. i
By Mr. GETZ : Three petitions from citi-
zens of Windsor Castle, Moselem, and Hill
Church post offices, Berks county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, numerous petitions from citizens of
the twenty-first congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HAY: Petitions of citizens of Cen-
treville, Alton Junction, Moro, Glasgow City,
Prairie du Rocher, East St. LouiB, and Nash'
ville, Illinois, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, petitions of the citizens of Edwards-
ville," Chester, New Hampton, Breese, Collins-
ville, and Bathalto, Illinois, asking for the
abolition of ths franking privilege.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of Ashland township, Clarion county, Penn-
sylvania, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles KaufFman and
others, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lamb's post
office, Venango county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, the petition.of Jefferson Furnace, Cla-
rion county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Thomas
N. Johnson, Arthur J. Cunningham, and 15
others, citizens of Harrison county, Indiana,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the memorial of James K. Hawes,
Horace L. Gray, and 25 others, citizens of
Washington county, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of John H. Beckman,
John D. Zimmerman, and 25 others, citizens
of Dubois county, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of J. N. Grigsby, A. J.
Allen, and 25 others, citizens of Perry county,
Indiana, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the memorial of Hall, Semple & Co.,
and^ others, of Jeffersonville, Indiana, and
Louisville,. Kentucky, praying for the reduc-
tion of the tariff duties on steel imported from
abroad.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of W.
b Alexander and sundry others, citizens of
Buffalo, Spencer county, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of M.
onetler and others, citizens of Coon Rapids,
Iowa, praying for the abolition of the frankine
privilege. 6
Also, the petition ofGrove Gillettand others,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 68.
citizens of Otto, Iowa, prayihg for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition for specific
duty on books brought from foreign countries.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of John M. Wallace, praying com-
pensation for divulging a plan of certain dis-
honest persons to circulate counterfeit quarter-
masters' drafts in Utah Territory in 1859.
Also, petitions of 1,000 citizens of the
towns of North Hadley, Hawley, Leeds, East
Charlemont, Granby, South Amherst, New
Salem, Phillipston, West Worthington, and
Lunenburg, in the State of Massachusetts,
praying the total abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petitions of Ben-
jamin Waxham and others, of Sherbourne,
Vermont; of G. L. Harington and others, of
Wybridge, Vermont; of Luther R. Hubbell
and others, of West Charlotte, Vermont; of
A. D. Martin and others, of Hancock, Ver-
mont, all praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of C.
Small and 98 others, citizens of Cedarville,
and of Eli Smith, postmaster; and 62 others,
citizens of Bowersville, Greene county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition pf citizens of Spring Brook,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rushville,
Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the same.
Also, a petition of , citizens of Forest Lake,
Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Susquehanna
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lathrop town-
ship, Pennsylvania, praying for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dunmore,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
same.   
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 7, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. S. A. Wilson, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Friday last.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to dispense with the reading of
the Journal. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none; and the reading of the Journal of
Friday last will be dispensed with.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions,
received from theHouseof Representatives on
Friday last, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee oa Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 28) for the relief of Robert
L. D. Burchfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 195) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
soldiers' monument committee of Rock Island
county, Illinokr, certain condemned ordnance;
A bill (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act providing for the sale'of a portion
of the Fort Gratiot military reservation in
St. Clair county, in the State of Michigan,"
approved July 20, 1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of
William A. Scott, late first lieutenant company
F, fourteenth regiment Illinois volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1101) for the relief of
William A. Rucker;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) providing
for the payment of the fourth Arkansas mounted
infantry volunteers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating
captured cannon for the purpose of construct-
ing a monument at West Point, New York ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) for the
relief of William R. Retherf'ord and George
Kains, of the first Michigan cavalry volunteers.
J-he bill (H. R. No. 1097) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year euditu'
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
relief of district poo 11.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary relief of
the poor and destitute people in the District of
Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine [Mr Hamlin] on Friday last asked the
Senate to non-concur in the amendments of
the House to this bill, and asked for the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference. Is there
objection to that order being made? The Chair
hears none. By whom shall that committee be
appointed ?
Mr. FERRY. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection.
Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Nye, and Mr. Vickers
were appointed conferees on the part of the
Senate.
the fifteenth amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Governor of the
State of Kansas, transmitting resolutions of the
Legislature of that State ratifying the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
resolutions of georgia.
Mr. MORTON. I present to the Senate a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Georgia, assenting to certain condi-
tions in regard to the constitution of the State
of Georgia, imposed by Congress by the act of
1868. 1 ask to have the resolution read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Whereas the Congress of the United States, by the
act of June 25,1868, proposing to admit the State of
Georgia to representation in Congress as a State of
the United States, imposes as one of the conditions
upon which the Same shall take effect, that the first
and third subdivisions of section seventeen of the
fifth article of the constitution of the State of Geor-
gia, except the proviso to the first subdivision, shall
be null and void, find that the .General Assembly
shall, by solemn act, declare the assent of the State
to the said condition: It is therefore
liesolved, by the House of Hepretentatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the General Assembly of the
State of Georgia does hereby declare the assent of
the State of Georgia to the said condition.
R. L. McWHORTER,
Speaker of the Howe of Jiepresentatives.
John J. Newton,
Clerk of the House of Reptetentatives.
BENJAMIN CONLEY,
President of the Senate.
J. G. W. Mills, Secretary of theSenate.
The resolutiop was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. MORTON. I also submit a concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Georgia, ratifying the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and a concurrent resolution ratifying the fif-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. I move that they lie on the
table, and be printed* , ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think they had better
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
which has those matters in charge, so that we
can report at as early a-day as possible.
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the papers
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
eiary, and be ordered to be printed, if there be
no objection.
Mr. FERRY. I wish, with that reference,
*w. the Committee on the Judiciary might
