1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
also be instructed to inquire whether the Legis-
luture of Georgia, from whom these papers
proceed, is the duly organized Legislature of
thnf State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state to the Sen-
ator that several days ago the Senate adopted
an order instructing the committee to make
ii!t inquiry which covers that point.
Mr. FERRY. All right.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Watson, of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, praying for compensation for services
as a soldier from August 30, 18G4, to March
18, 18G5 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I present also resolutions
of the Legislature of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, in relation to the claims of
American citizens on account of French spo-
liations. I move that they be printed and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill on that
subject has been reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, the Chair is informed,
and the resolutions will therefore be laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON also presented several peti-
tions of citizens of Massachusetts, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DRAKE presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Missouri, remonstrating against grant-
ing the petition of George H. Corliss for the
extension of his letters-patent of March 10,
1849. for improvements in the steam-engine ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. FOWLER presented six petitions of
citizens of Tennessee, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the chil-
dren and heirs of Samuel Hammond, praying
to be allowed the same amount of commuta-
tion as if their father had been a colonel in
the regular Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mary A.
Lewis, praying for compensation for property
taken and destroyed by United States troops
in the years 1862,1863,1864, and 1865; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ABBOTT presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of Richmond, Virginia,
in favor of the establishment of a line of steam-
ships such as is proposed by the Mediterranean
and Oriental Steain Navigation Company of
New York, to ply between Norfolk and other
southern ports to ports in Europe, thus pro-
viding comfortable and economical directtransit
for immigrants to settle on and cultivate the
lands ofthis country, and for the cheap export-
ation of the products of these lands; which were
referred to ihe Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. "
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Emma A. Wood, of Washington. District of
Columbia, praying for arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Alabama, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WiLLEY presented the petition of
Montcalm Oldham, sen., of Acco'mac county,
Virginia, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. PRATT presented eight petitions of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. OSBORN presented two petitions of
citizens of Florida, praying for roe abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I present tho petition of
soldiers of the war of 1812, praying for the
enactment of a law which shall secure a uniform
rate of pensions to all veterans of the war of
1812 who ar^ now living and to the widows of
such as are deceased. I move its reference to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 suggest that the petition
be laid on the table, as the Committee on Pen-
sions propose to report on that subject this
morning.
Mr. MORTON. Vory well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY. I present the petition of the
president and a number of officers of Yale
College, of New Haven, Connecticut, and also
of a number of the most prominent profes-
sional men and merchants of that city, asking
that the schedules in the new census bill may
include headings and columns for all incomes,
and making other suggestions regarding such
schedules. As this subject has been reported
upon, and as this petition contains several
valuable suggestions, I move that the petition
be laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Oregon, praying an amendment to
the act of Congress of July 5, 1866, providing
for the construction of the Willamette valley
and Cascade wagon-road, by striking out the
words "via Canon City" and inserting "via
Fort Harney;" which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented fifteen petitions of
citizeus of Minnesota, and two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TIPTON presented three petitions of
citizens of Nebraska, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented three petitions
of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions be granted to the soldiers of
the war of 1812 and to the widows of such as
are deceased; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented the petition of Charles
Macy, praying the passage of the bill granting
pensions to the soldiers in the war of 1812 ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWELL presented five petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
FerdinandRover, of Big Lick, Roanoke county,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on tbe Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HOWARD presented eight petitions of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
manufacturers of steel into tools, saws, &c.,
of Chicago, praying a reduction of the duties
on steel; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented two petitions of
citizens of New York, praying that women
be granted the right of suffrage; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the remonstrance of the
Ten Eyck Ax Manufacturing Company, of
Cohoes, New York, against any addition to the
duties upon imported steel, and for a reduction
of the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of B. H.
Wright, of New York, asking Congressto cause
him to be repaid the amount of a succession
tax claimed by him to have been exacted with-
out authority of law; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Charles
Radcliff for pay due the estate of Lieutenant
RadclifF of the eighteenth United States infan-
try, army of the Cumberland, in 1802 and 1863-
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.'
Mr. ANTHONY presented three petitions
of manufacturers of steel into tools, saws, axes
and into machinery of various kinds, praying
for a reduction of the duty on steel; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of the
legal representatives of the late Captain Charles
Fierer, of the revolutionary war, praying to
be allowed commutation of five years' full pay
with interest from the 23d of April, 1783;
which was referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of John
Shelton, first lieutenant company E, second
North Carolina mounted infantry, prayingcom-
pensation for services as a first lieutenant of
infantry from September 1,1863, to August 16,
1865, less the pay he received as a private
during the same time ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
R. J. Harrison and Cyrus Hanks, of Kentucky,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of It. D. Rice, president of the Port-
land and Kennebec Railroad Company, pray-
ing a reduction of the duty on iron and steel
rails ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented twelve petitions of citizens
of Maine, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition of
citizens of South Carolina, praying an appro-
priation for the erection of a building for the
accommodation of the post office, United
States courts, and other offices pertaining to
the service of the United States, at Greenville
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented the petitions of L. B.
Johnson, of South Carolina; W. K. Easley, of
South Carolina; John T. Walker, of South
Carolina, and It. C. Pool, of South Carolina,
praying for the removal of their political dis-
abilities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of South Carolina, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
R. M. Mallory, of Virginia, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of West Virginia, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of citi-
zens of Otsego county, New York, praying
such an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully recognize the obli-
gations of the Christian religion; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented twelve petitions of citizens
of the State of New York, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table. _
He also presented a petition of citizens ot
New York, praying that pensions be granted to
the surviving soldiers and the widows of soldiers
of the war of 1812.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
