4850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
of their own of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 722) to establish the western
judicial district of Wisconsin ;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 220) author-
izing the President to strike from the roll of
the Army the name of Levant \V. Barnhart;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
mune of the steam yacht Fanny.
The message further announced that the
Senate agreed to amendments of the House to
bills and a joint resolution of the Senate of the
following titles:
A bill (S. No. 62fi) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Stubbs;
A bill (S. No. 558) to incorporate the Na-
tional Bolivian Navigation Company;
A bill (S. No. 808) granting a pension to
Amanda M. Ritchey ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) for the
relief of Commodore S. B. Bissell.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike out all after
the word " dollars," to the end of the para-
graph, namely, the words, "subject to all the
conditions limiting this appropriation in the
act. of April 20, 1870."
I will explain the effect of the provision of
the bill as reported by the committee. It will
be observed that the portion which I pro-
pose to strike out limits this appropriation of
$500,000 by the limitations contained in the
act of April last. Those limitations, it will be
remembered by the committee, were contained
in a proviso to the appropriation of $1,000,000
made for the New York "post office and court-
house at that time. The proviso was that no
part of the sum beyond the sum of 8500,000,
or of any other sum appropriated hereafter,
should be expended until a contract or con-
tracts were made for the entire completion of
the building.
Now, by the law of 1808, it is made a penal
offense for any officer of the Government to
make a contract for the erection of any public
building for an amount to exceed the appro-
priations already made ; in other words, the
money must be first appropriated before a con-
tract can be made. This proviso also limits
the whole expenditure on our post office to
§13,000.000. A difficulty, therefore, arises.
By the hasty and imprudent legislation incorpor-
ated in the appropriation bill in April last we
have placed ourselves in a position where any-
thing short of an appropriation of $3,000,000
for the New York city post office could not be
expended. Any appropriation made would
have to be locked up in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury till a sufficient amount
should be appropriated to finish the building.
The effect of this would be to prevent the use
of any appropriation, to stop our post office
and court-house precisely at the point where it
now is, and to prevent the continuance of the
work, although money has already been ex-
pended on it. Seeing thisdifficulty, I addressed
to the Secretary of the Treasury a few days ago
u communication, in which I desired his opinion
as to the position of this matter under existing
laws. I send to tlce desk, to be read, my letter
to the Secretary and his reply.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Washington, June 22,1870.
Sm : I observe in the deficiency bill passed April
20 la-;t certain restrictions relating to the appropii-
iitions for building the post otlice and other public
buildings at Now York, by which no iurthorcxpend-
ituie ean bo mcurreduntil a contract is made under
the lestrictions therein imposed for the completion
ot the whole building for the sum ol jK3,000,000. In
the appropriation bill for sundry civii expenses
another partial appropriation toward that building,
to be expended utulei the samerestnotions as in the
bill of April 20. I also observe that the third sec-
tion of the act of July 25, 1808, provides that no con-
tractshall bo made by any ofiicerot the United States
for the erection of a public building for a larger
amount than is actually appropriated, under a pen-
alty. I wish, therefore, to inquire of you -whether
this limitation, if it should become law, as are tho
piesent limitations, tends to embarrass or inconven-
ieneetlie Department, and whether, in the judgment
of the Secretary, it would be for the public interest
ayrt economy to retain those restrictions, especially
if the hiw ofl86S should remain unrepealed.
I respectfully desire the information to guide my
action as a member of tho House representing tho
locality of that public improvement.
Very respectfully, yours,
FERNANDO WOOD.
Hon. Geokgb S. Boutwf.ll, Secretary of the Treasury.
Titiuscny Department,
Office of the Secketaky, June 2-4, 1870.
Sir: In reply to your letter of tho 22d instant, I
have the honor to say that, as 1 understand the lim-
itation upon the appropriations for the post oliice
buildings in New York and Boston, in the act of
April 20,1870, it will not bo lawful, considered in
connection with tho act of July 25,1868, for tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury to entor into contracts for the
completion of those buildings.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
tt ti w Secretary.
Hon. Fernando Wood,
lto%ise of Representatives, Washington, D. O.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it is necessary to
bow with profound respect to a legal opinion
from so high ati authority! There were four very
respectable lawyers upon tile committee that
inserted that proviso, one gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Bkooks,] being an editor, and my-
self not being counted. The others were able
lawyers. They had the provision of law there
alluded to before them when they inserted that
proviso. They were of opinion that if the pro-
viso conflicted with the existing law it repealed
the law^ro tanio; if it did not conflict with it
there was no occasion for apprehension. Iti
that view they were of opinion, and it seems
to me, although I am not much of a lawyer,
that it was sound, that there could not be any
question, but that if tho proviso was wise in
itself nobody would find any embarrassment
in following out what it required. Bnt letthat
be as it may.
When the proviso was inserted I anticipated
a struggle against it, which will increase from
year to year if it is not wiped out, until six or
seven million dollars are expended upon that
post office; and so it will be in reference to
the Boston post office. And we might just as
well make up our minds that each of them will
cost double that sum if we take off this limita-
tion. Let the House consider whether it is a
proper time to expend five or six million dol-
lars, or whether it is worth while to put lim-
itations upon tho expenditures before we begin.
Now, that there may be no trouble about it,
and that the real issue may be brought to tho
attention of the House, so that we may under-
stand whether we desire to take the limitation
off or not, I offer this amendment in place of
that of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood:] "and the proviso containing said
conditions and limitations is hereby author-
ized."
Sir. WOOD. That would only increase the
difficulty.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment to the original text of
the proviso, upon which I suppose the first
vote will be taken. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] is to strike
out the whole limitation. 1 propose to add the
words "in amount only;" so that it will read,
"subject to the conditions limiting the appro-
priation in the act of April 20, 1870, in amount
only," and I pray tho attention of my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, to this amendment. He speaks
in the interest of economy. lie wants a limit-
ation upon the amount which these post offices
shall cost. I agtee with him ; let there be a
limit upon the amount; and therefore I have
moved that it shall be subject to tho conditions
limiting the amount only', to wit, that the one
shall not cost more than §3,000,000, and that
the other shall not cost more than $1,500,000.
That is the limit to the amount, and I think
every one will agree to that. The question is,
what shall wo do with the other limitations?
The other limitation is that no contract for
any part of the work shall be made uor any of
the money expended until a contract is made
for the entire building. Now. as you do not
appropriate forthe entire building, how can any
man make any contract for it without he puts
into the contract an insurance against the risk
of further appropriation, an insurance against
delay in his contract, an insurance against any
increase in the price for labor, and an insurance
against a rise in the price of the material? As
a practical business proposition no man will
ever agree, without he takes care to make the
United States pay for it in increased profits to
him, to make a contract for the entire building
without knowing when, how, and where he is to
finish it, without knowing when the amount is to
be appropriated, without knowing how he is to
get it. He goes into the market to buy the iron
to carry out his contract; but he does not know
whether the appropriation will be sufficient to
pay him or not; whether or not he will have
the whole contract on his hands for years. We
have just one of those cases in Massachusetts
to-day. Before the war some of our stone-men
down in Quincy were unfortunate enough to
make a contract to get out a large quantity
of stone for the New Orleans custom-house
in advance of appropriations, expecting the
appropriation to be made the next year. The
next year the war broke out; the appropria-
tion has never yet been made, and it probably
never will be. The stone is now lying on the
ground in the stone-yards to-day, and the iron
bands used to fasten the wood for protecting
the edges of the stone have all rusted off.
Mr. FERRY. I suppose the gentleman
understands that a contract was made under
this same resolution for the completion of the
Boston post office, both for the basement and
the superstructure. Why cannot a contract be
made now as well as then ? That contract pro-
vided for the delivery of stone as fast as the
Government might want it, and no faster. Why
cannot a contract be made now as well as then
■with similar conditions?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Because
that contract was made before this resolution
was passed. This resolution was passed last
April; that contract was made last July a year
ago. That is one reason why it cannot now be
done as it was before. Another reason is that
under a contract to furnish the stone as fast as
the Government might want, only a few days'
work at a time would be involved before the
stone would be delivered. But suppose that a
man had a contract to get out in advance stone
for the whole building, will he do that? It is
very clear he will not.
One word further, and I have done. My
colleague [Mr. Dawes] says that he disagrees
with the Secretary of the'Preasury in regard to
the law. Far be it from me iantas componere
Utes^ But 1 do say that the advantage which
the Secretary has is that he would carry out
his view of the law, and my colleague cannot
carry out his view.
Mr. DAWES. I can carry out my views of
economy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
not a matter of economy, but a question of
law. The Secretary of the Treasury says that
under this resolution he wilt not go On and can-
not go on. He says in his letter to the gentle-
man ironi New York [Mr. Wood] that he does
not think it is for the interest of the United
States; but that being the law, we will not get
any post office there.
[11 ere the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. I rise to oppose the
amendment, or rather to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
if lie will not accept for his amendment the one
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read,
and which I think meets the objection of (he
Secretary of the Treasury better than does his
amendment.
Mi-. DAWES. I will hear the amendment
road.
