1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
of the Committee on Pensions announces that
they will report on this subject to-day, and
asks that these petitions lie on the table to-day;
jud it will be so ordered.
Mr. PATTERSON presented three petitions
of citizens of New Hampshire, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege : which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying for the aboli-
tion of tW franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying tor the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented five petitions of ciu-
lens of New Hampshire, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCHURZ presented nine petitions of I
citizens of Missouri, praying for the abolition j
of the franking privilege; which were ordered i
to lie on the table. j
Mr. THURMAN presented the petitions of j
George W. Ward, of Frederick county, Vir- j
gioia, and of George T. Berger, of Pittsylva- j
uia county, Virginia, praying for the removal j
of their political disabilities. j
Mr. THURMAN. I also present the peti- j
tion of manufacturers of steel into tools, re- j
monstrating against the duties on steel. I wish !
to sayin respect to this petition that I am per-
fectly well acquainted with all the signers to it.
They are among the most substantial business
men of the city of Columbus, in which I live,
and their petition is entitled, I think, to very
great consideration. I move its reference to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
A. P. Eskridge, Green B. Board, Elisha B.
Vaughan, Joseph J. Graham, James W. Cus-
tis, John Smith, F. Johnston, aud of James
B. Dorman, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
of their political disabilities; which were re-.
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of C. A.
B. Coffroth, and of John S. Gallaher, of Win-
chester, Virginia, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed upon C. A. B.
Coffroth, John W. Sherrard, Joseph S. Carson,
John F. Wall, William L. Bent, and Abra-
ham Nulton, of Virginia; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. FERRY presented the memorial of
David S. Turner, attorney in fact for Benjamin
S. Brooks, John Center, and Egbert Judson,
of San Francisco, owners of the island of Yerba
Buena, or Goat Island, remonstrating against
the passage of any law granting permission to
the Western Pacific Railroad Company to use
that island; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
mtanking privilege petitions.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By Mr. BAYARD: A petition from citizens
of Dcl&v&rc
By Mr. ANTHONY: A petition from citi-
zens of Rhode Island.
By Mr. HAMLIN: A petition from citizens
of Maine.
By Mr. JOHNSTON: Apetition from citi-
zens of Virginia.
By Mr. HARRIS: A petition from citizens
of Louisiana.
By Mr. CAMERON: Fourteen petitions
from citizens of Pennsylvania.
. By Mr. TRUMBCJLL: Seven petitions from
citizens of Illinois.
By Mr. WILLEY: Thirteen petitions from
citizens of West Virginia.
By Mr. FERRY: Six petitions from citizens
of Connecticut.
By Mr. DAVIS: Two petitions from citizens
of Kentucky.
By Mr. SCOTT: Two petitions from citizens
of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. McCREERY: Two petitions from
citizens of Kentucky.
By Mr. SHERMAN: Eleven petitions from
citizens of Ohio. I
By Mr. THURMAN: Twenty petitions from j
citizens of Ohio.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont: Six peti-
tions from citizens of Vermont. !
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Twelve peti-
tions from citizens of various States. !
reports of committers. i
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 117) to pass to the credit of the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers the
funds belonging to it for the relief of sick and
wounded soldiers ; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 401) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by
the southern route," approved July 27, 18G6,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Elizabeth Harding, praying for a pension,
reported a bill (S. No. 499) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Harding, mother of Jasper H.
Harding ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
| were referred the petitions of Nancy True and
i Henry Reens, praying an increase of pension,
[ and of Dennis McCarthy, Sarah M. Dare, and
Jane D. Mumford, praying to be allowed pen-
| sions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom were referred sundry petitions of soldiers
of the war of 1812, asking for a change in the
law, by which they shall be entitled to pensions,
have instructed me to report adversely thereon.
The ground of this report, Mr. President, is
that while we are very desirous to aid these
brave and elderly men, the condition of the
country is such, and the weight of our taxes
and the number of pensions to disabled soldiers
are so great that we do not feel justified in en-
larging the pension-list, as we otherwise would
be glad to do, for people who are disabled.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 413) granting lands to aid in the consttuc-
tion of certain railroads in the State of Flor-
ida, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 473) amendatory of an act fixing certain
rules and regulations for preventing collisions
on the water, approved April 29,1864, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 80) to punish the
collection of illegal taxes on passengers, re-
ported it with amendments.
' He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John M. Stanley,
praying for permission to import free of duty
certain paintings, reported a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 119) to admit free of duty certain
prepared chromos of Indian paintings; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 338) to encourage the
establishment of a line of steamships under
the flag of the Union, for the conveyance of
the mails of the United States to European
ports, and ports of India and China by way of
the Suez canal, and for promoting emigration
from Europe to the southern States of the
Union, and reducing the rates of ocean post-
age, reported it with amendments.
Mr. McDONALD. I also give notice of
my intention to propose an amendment to the
bill, and I move that the amendment be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred a resoluiion that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to have the desks
of the Senate Chamber placed closer together,
or additional desks furnished for the accom-
modation of Senators who may hereafter be
appointed to fill existing vacancies in the Sen-
ate, have direoted me to report it back with an
amendment, and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to its immediate consideration?
Mr. CONKLING. I think it had better lie
over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 117) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication between the eastern and western
continents, reported it without amendment.
hatden's geological report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, to print
extra copies of Professor Hayden's Field Notes
of the Geological. Survey of Colorado and New
Mexico, have instructed me to report, it back
without amendment and to recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Retolved, (the Senate concurring therein,) That
there be printed seven thousand extra copies of F.
V. Hayden's " Field Report of Geological Survey of
Colorado and New Mexico:" two thousand of which
shall be filed for the use of the Senate, and five thou*
sand for the use of the House,
Mr. HOWE. What will be thfe coist?
Mr. ANTHONY. Twenty cents a number.
Mr. STEWART. I call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Printing to
the fact that the House of Representativeslast
year, before the adoption of the rule requiting
concurrent action on these resolutions, ordered
the printing of a large number of Raymond's
report on this same subject, and it is very
desirable to print some of these Reports for the
benefit of the Senate. I should like very much
to have some of them printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will offer
a r^lolution of that kind it will be considered
by the committee; but I will suggest to him
that he had better not put it as an amendment
on this resolution. It is more difficult to pass
these concurrent resolutions in the House than
in the Senate, and if this resolution is sent
back to the House there will be considerable
delay. The Senator had better introduce a
new resolution on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that under the law each specific subject
sought to be printed must be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEWART. I shall not offer to amend
this resolution ; but these are two reports on
precisely similar subjects by officers appointed
in the same way. One report was printed by
the House before the joint rule on this subject
was adopted, and now a resolution for the
printing of the other report comes to us from
the House. I think we ought to have some
of Raymond's report published.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will bring
the subject to the attention of the committee
by a separate resolution we shall attend to it.
The resolution was concurred in.
survey of san domingo.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print cer-
