1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8907
held to be a conveyance in fee-simple to the
grantee, his heirs and assigns, with covenant
from the grantor for himself, and his heirs and
personal representatives, that he is lawfully
seized ot' the premises, has good right to con-
vey the same, and guaranties the quiet posses-
sion thereof; that the same are free from all
incumbrances, and that he will warrant and
defend the title to the same against all lawful
claims.
Section two provides that any conveyance of
lands worded in substance as follows: " A B
quitclaims to 0 D" (here describe the prem-
ises) " for the sum of," (here insert the con-
sideration) being duly signed, sealed, and
acknowledged by the grantor, shall be deemed
to be a good and sufficient conveyance in quit-
claim to the grantee, his heirs and assigns. It
shall not be necessary to use the words '"heir
and assigns of the grantee" to create in the
grantee an estate of inheritance; and if it be
the intention of thegrantor to convey any lesser
estate, it shall be so expressed in the deed.
By the third section any mortgage of land,
worded in substance as follows: ''A B mort-
gages and warrants to C D" (here describe
the premises) "to secure the repayment of"
(here recite the sum for which the mortgage is
granted or the notes or otlier evideneesot'debt,
or a description thereof, sought to be secured,
also the date of the repayment,) the mortgage,
being dated and duly signed, sealed, and ac-
knowledged by the grantor, shall be deemed
and held to be a good and sufficient mortgage
to the grantee, his heirs, assigns, executors,
and administrators, with warranty from the
grantor and his legal representatives of perfect
title in tiie grantor, and against all previous
incumbrances; and if, in the form named the
words" and warrant" be omitted, the mortgage
shall be good, but without warranty.
The fourth section requires that every con-
veyance or mortgage of lands, or of any inter-
est therein, and every lease for more than three
years, shall be recorded in the office of register
of deeds in the District of Columbia; and every
such conveyance or lease not so recorded within
ninety days from its execution shall be fraudu-
lent and void as against any subsequent pur-
chaser or mortgagee in good faith without
notice and for a valuable consideration.
The fifth section provides that when a deed
purports to contain an absolute conveyance of
any estate in lands, but is made, or intended
to be made defeasible by force of a deed of
defeasance, bond, or other instrument for that
purpose, the original conveyance shall not
thereby be defeated or affected as against any
person other than the maker of the defeasance,
or his heirs or devisees, or persons having
actual notice thereof, unless the instrument ot
defeasance shall have been recorded according
to law, within ninety days after the date of the
deed. , . , j ,i
Mr. HAMLIN. The words '' ninety days
occur twice in the bill. The committee think
it ought to be recorded within thirty days, and
such is the present law. I therefore move to
amend the bill by striking out " ninety
wherever it occurs and inserting "thirty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is another
amendment reported from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment^ which
was to add at the end of the fourth section the
following:
This act shall apply only to conveyances and mort-
gages made after its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as am end-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
it was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
WIDTH Of AX ALI.KY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
House bill No. 206i>.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2003) to author-
ize the reduction of the width of an alley in
square No. 376 in the city of Washington. It
authorizes the mayor, board of aldermen, and
board of common council of the city of Wash-
ington to reduce the width of the public alley
entering square No. 376, from Ninth street
west, from its present width of twelve feet to
the width "of seven feet, and that the portion
which will be restored to individual property
by such reduction be added to the lot No. 22,
from which the entire alley was originally taken.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
NATIONAL THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2064.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal
the preamble of an act in relation to the Na-
tional Theological Institute, approved April
22, 1870. It proposes to repeal the preamble
to an act entitled "An act declaring the con-
struction of ail act to incorporate the National
Theologicalinstitute," approved May 10,1866,
and also an act to amend ail act entitled 'An
act to incorporate the National Theological
institute, and to define and extend the powers
of the same," approved April 22, 1870. _
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT REGISTER OF WILLS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 891.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 891) to regulate the fees of the register
of wills for the District of Columbia, and for
otherpurposes, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state that while
I was directed to report this bill by the com-
mittee, the first two sections provide that the
register of wills now holding the office shall
give a bond, and that all other registers here-
after shall give a bond ; and the rest of the bill
relates to the details of the office. As to those
details, the troubles have arisen by the neglect
of registers heretofore; andon conferring with
some members of the committee we conclude
that it is wiser and better to strike out all the
rest of the bill; only requiring the register to
give bond for the present, and see if that will
not bring the duties up. I therefore move to
strike out all the rest of the bill except the
first two sections, and if no Senator desires
them to be read, let it be passed with those two
sections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will only report the lirst and second sections
of the bill, unless the reading of the remaining
sections is desired by some Senator.
The Chief Clerk read the first and second
sections of the bill. _ .
The first section requires the register of
wills for the District of Columbia, within thirty
days after the passage of the act, to give a
bond, with two or more sureties, (to be ap-
proved of by the chief justice of the supreme
court of the'District for the time being,) to the
United States in the sum of $5,000, faithfully
to discharge the duties of his office and sea-
sonably to record the decrees and orders of the
orphans' court for the District, and all wills
proved before him or the court, and ail other
matters by existing laws, or any law hereafter
passed, directed to be recorded in ^the couit,
or in the office of the register, which bond is
to be entered in full upon the minutes ot the
orphans' court and the original fiied with the
records thereof. # .
The second section requires any register ot
wills for the District hereafterappointed accord-
ing to law, before he acts as such, to give a
similar bond as prescribed in the first section,
with the like sureties, in the same penalty, on
the same conditions, and subject to the same
approval as required by the first scction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to the remainder of the bill will be stricken out.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a,
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read: " A bill requir-
ing the register of wills for the District of Colum-
bia to give bond."
FOUNDRY METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 927.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 927) to make legal a
certain act of the councils of the city of Wash-
ington. It declares a certain act of the coun-
cils of the city of Washington, approved the
26th of October, 1869, entitled "An act for the
relief of the trustees of the Foundry Methodist
Episcopal Church " to be a legal act and not
inconsistent with the powers of the corporate
authorities of the city of Washington, and
directs them to pay to the trustees the sura
of $400 27, in accordance with the amount
appropriated by that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT POLICIS COUET.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
House bill No. 38, to establish a police court
in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that it is
hardly necessary to read the House bill. The
Senate committee report an entire new bill
as a substitute.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the new bill be read.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes; I ask that the new
bill be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator demands the reading of the original
bill, the Secretary will only report the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out all of the
House bill after the enacting clause, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall bo established in the District of
Columbia, a court to be called the police eourtot tne
District ot Columbia, which shall havo original and
exclusive j urisdiction of all ofl'enses.against the Uni-
ted states committed in the JDistiict. of Columbia
not deemed capital or otherwise infamous crimes, that
is to say, of all simple assaults and batteries, lar-
cenies wherein the value ot the property stolen shall
be ie.^s than thirly-iive dollars, and all other mis-
demeanors not punishable by imprisonment in the
penitentiaiy: and ot all offenses against any ot tho
ordinances of the oit> of Washington, or ot the city
of Georgetown, or laws of the levy court,of thepounty
of Washington. It shall he composed ot two judges,
who shall be men learned 111 the law, and who shall
be appointed by the President of the United fotates,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and shall hold their otficos during good behavior.
Before entering upon the duties ot their ohiees they
shall take the oath prescribed fur judges of the courts
ot the "United States. , rni ,« ,
Sfc 'i And be it further enacted, Ibat the salary
of each of said judges.shall bo $3,00l> per annum, iho
5 aid court, shall have power t o appoint a clerk: at a
salary of S2,0!)0 per annum, who shall hold his otnee
during the pleasure of said court, lie may appoint
one or more deputies, witli the consent or the court,
it the busine>s shall require it, to be paid com-
pensation as may be allowed by theeourt, not
ing $1,000 per annum each, baideierkshai gi
bond with surety, and take the oath ot offiet as Pie
spriherl hv l:iw for clerks ot district courts M the
scribed by law for clerks ot ----, - -^pr
United States. He shall have power to a,Jra.msjtor
oaths and affirmations, and m Ins absence eitlici oi
his deputies may administer tke sume. (- ng
Ssa. 3. J nd be it further enacted, I hat iiteccui ih
Indi^S b^rlnd iSry or g Ub-
