18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
62
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Boles.
Ho. of Reps.
into insurrection, rebellion, and war against
the Union, and for four years held themselves
by force of arras beyond our laws. We con-
quered her in a hundred battles at a cost of
blood and treasure far beyond her value. We
conquered tha absolute right to deal with her
people at our discretion and to hold her soil
as our own, and we shattered her State gov-
ernment out of existence. But within the Con-
stitution we have the power, with the duty, of
guarantying to her people as a State a repub-
lican government, and as guarantor we have
a right to secure that government.
If there was ever ground for doubt on these
propositions our power is put beyond question
by the fourteenth amendment. The first and
fifth sections are as follows:
" Section 1. AH persons born ornaturalized in the
United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof
are oitizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
Stato deprivo any person of-life, liberty, orprOpeity
without due process of law. nor deny to any porson
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws." *********
"Sec.5. ThatCongressshallhave power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article."
Under these ample provisions wo have power
not only to remedy a violation of the equal
rights of citizens, as in the case of Georgia,
but we have the power to prevent such wrongs
by enforcing in advance the equal rights of all.
We are not limited to cure ; we may also pre-
vent.
Cut as a last argument we are called upon
to remember the glorious history of old Vir-
ginia, and her august shade is conjured up to
awe us into submission to her sovereign will.
The history of old Virginia finds no more sin-
cere admirers than among the loyal people of
the land. We cherish with unutterable pride
the memory of her heroic sons who led the
van in the establishment of liberty and the
founding of our Government; but we are not
dealing with those men now, nor with any
people animated by their spirit. We deal with
their degenerate sons, who have themselves
deserted and betrayed the principles of their
fathers, and in dealing with them we propose
to replant in Virginia the principle which in-
spired her sons of old and made them heroes.
It was Patrick Henry who said:
" Give me liberty or give me death."
It was George Washington who said of
slavery:
" Th ere is no man living who wishes more sincerely
than I do to see a plan adopted for the abolition
of it."
It was Thomas Jefferson who said :
"Nobody wishes more ardently than I do to see
an abolition, not only of the trade, but of the condi-
tion of slavery."
It was George Mason who said :
" Every master of slaves is a petty tyrant."
Had Virginia followed the teachings of her
early patriots she would not have fallen from
her high estate, and from the front rank of the
States of the Union been degraded to the rear
rank of rebellion ; from having been the birth-
place of the greatest men the world has ever
known become the battle-ground of the most
wicked rebellion ever seen. Yet we do not
propose to punish Virginia; her transgressions,
if not already sufficiently atoned, are too great
for adequate punishment. We propose to bene-
fit and bless her by giving and securing to all
her people that republican form of government
which her patriot heroes aided to give and to
secure to us; for never can Ohio forget that
the ordinance of 1787, under which she had
her birth of freedom was first proposed in 1784
by Thomas Jefferson ; and it is worthy of re-
membrance that when Mr. Jefferson first pro-
pounded that ordinance in April, 1784, in the
old Continental Congress it applied to all ter-
ritory then held or to be thereafter acquired
by the United States, and prohibited slavery
in all after 1800. And it also provided that
governments should be formed in those territo-
ries by "the free males twenty-one years old."
jSTo slavery; no political distinctions on account
of color—ecjuaJ rights for all. That was the
platform of Thomas Jefferson in 1784; that
is the platform of the Republican party in 1870.
We do not degrade Virginia; we exalt her
when we aid her to rise above her baser self
and stand with us within the regenerated Union,
once more an equal American State, and now
and forever free.
Admission of Virginia.
KEMAKKS OF HON. T. BOLES,
of arkansas,
In the House op Repbesextatives,
January 24, 1870,
On the bill (H. R. Ho. 783) to admit the State of Vir-
ginia to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, I will vote for
this bill, but not because I believe the govern-
ment of the State of Virginia is in the hands of
loyal men, for I am satisfied it is virtually in
the hands of the same class of men who con-
trolled the State at the time she attempted to
disrupt this Union, and who are now more dis-
loyal than they were at the time she made that
fruitless attempt. Nor do I vote for it because
I believe the loyal people of that State will
have protection given their livesand property by
that government, for I am well satisfied we seal
the fate of the loyal people of the State of Vir-
ginia, at least for awhile, by the admission of
that State at the present time; nor because
Virginia lias in good faith aeecpted the situ-
ation and is thoroughly reconstructed in accord-
ance with the design of congressional reconstruc-
tion, for if I understand the reconstruction acts
of Congress they were intended to assistin the
formation of republican governments in the
southern States that would insure the equal
protection of all persons in life, liberty, and
property, while I know in many parts of that
Sate at this very moment many, yea, very many,
who are Republicans, dare not say so openly
for fear of the injuries they know they would
receive did they do so.
Such being the case now while the members
of the dominant party there are on their very
best behavior, in order that they maybe more
firmly fixed in their power by congressional
action, what may we expect of them after their
power has been fully assured by the admission
of the State into the Union and her restora-
tion to her rights as such? And further, I
cannot believe she has acted in good faith,
because we find in the late elections there that
candidates ran under false colors iu order to
secure their election and the defeat of what
they considered the obnoxious clauses of their
constitution.
I have had some considerable experience
and a great deal of observation of the practical
workings of the reconstruction of the southern
States, and I know it is with the greatest diffi-
culty that the loyal people, either black or white,
can be protected in their lives and property,even
with a loyal, energetic, and trustworthy corps
of officers, from the Governor down to the
sheriffs and constables; yet with all these
officers honestly endeavoring to do their duties
many crimes are committed there, and the
criminals roam through the country unpunished
because public sentiment to some extent up-
holds them. In my own Stale, which is re-
garded one of the best reconstructed of the late
rebel States, a great many crimes are commit-
ted which the civil law is powerless to punish.
A few days ago a most outrageous and brutal
murder was committed near Danville, the
county seat of my county. I read a few clauses
from a letter I received from that place:
"The disturbance which got up at Dardanelle a
short time ago-has about been settled, and we hoped
we would have peaco again; but no sooner had it
been quelled than a horrible deed was committed
near here. On last Thursday Tom Smith, Bill Put-
nam and son, and young McDonough left town late
in the evening, all pretty drunk, and stopped at the
Hays place,' whercall those negroes were living, and
went in, and Smith said he was going to kill every
negro on the place, and commenced beating old
Nancy over the head with his pistol. She broke and
ran across the field, and was fired at several times as
she ran, but was not hit. About this time old Eve-
line Sullivant came up from the spring with a tub of
clothes on her head, was fired at and struck, in the
hand; she then started for the door, and before she
got in they fired n load of buck-shot into her back,
which felled her in the door: they then shot her in
the head and breast two or three times and left her
as she lay, and rode off up the road. Old Eveline's
daughter hid under the bed and they did not find her."
* * * * " General Gibson, Adjutant Goneral
Danforth, and three or tour soldiers are here now, 1
suppose to investigate the trouble at Dardanelle and
here and also to organize tho militia."
Many other murders have been committed
tjiere by the haters of the Federal Union,
who, since they cannot vent their spleen against
the soldiers and officers of this Government,
pour out their long pent-up wrath upon some
poor defenseless colored woman. I cannot
trust these so-called and self-styled recon-
structed rebels, because I know politically the
best of them will betray every trust reposed,
every confidence confided; and promises made
by them are made but to be broken if the time
shall ever come when they dare do so.. These
are_ their well-known characteristics^ Their
political leaders teach that there is no moral
wrong in appealing to any expediency to evade
or avoid the execution of the laws of the Uni-
ted States or States made for the purpose of
creating and maintaining some rights for col-
ored men that white men are bound to respect.
I do not believe any rebel will be convicted or
even prosecuted by any court organized under
the present government in Virginia for any
offense upon or murder of any colored man
or other Union citizen of that State. I have
known jurors in the State of Arkansas while
in the jury-box, and while upon their voir dire,
say that it would take more and stronger tes-
timony to convict a criminal for murdering a
white man than if he had murdered a negro ;
and that they would require less testimony to
convict a black criminal than a white one, and
this in a State where loyal officers are trying to
administer the laws.
Mr. Speaker, I do not vote for this bill
trusting or expecting any good at the hands
of Governor Walker, for I believe him to
be as deep in the mud as his associates are
in the mire. I know those old politicians of
Virginia are too shrewd to fight for the election
of any one as they fought for Walker without
first knowing their man and securing pledges
from him. I cannot forget the deep-seated
prejudices of these Virginians, and ! know
they will discriminate against the loyal people
in the administration of the law. I am told
that in Virginia in 1851 a woman was tried,
convicted, and sentenced to two years imprison-
ment in the penitentiary for teaching a colored
woman to read. The indictment read that she
"not having the fear of God before her, but
moved thereto by the devil, did teach a certain
negro woman to read the Bible, to the great
displeasure of Almighty God." When twelve
good and lawful men of Virginia can be found
to bring in a verdict of guilty of this charge
what good can we expect at their hands? I for
one expect none, and shall be most agreeably
disappointedif any good comes of the admis-
sion of Virginia with her government in the
hands of the men who now have it.
Mr. Speaker. I vote for this bill because I
believe a sad mistake has been made in the
reorganization of this State which Congress
cannot now wholly remedy. That mistake is
this: the leading Republican papers of the
