1078
TBR CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
tain copies of the survey of the coast of San
Domingo, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment in the form of a substitute.
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Unsolved, That three hundred copies of the survey
of the coast of the island of San Domingo made by
AUtnital Porter be published l'or the use of the
Senate.
The amendment of the Committee ou Print-
ing was to strike out all after the word " Re-
solved,7' and to insert:
That the survey of the ooast of the island of San
Domingo made by Admiral Porter be printed, and
one thousand extra copies bo printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask what is the date
of that report?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the report of the
survey of Admiral Porter. I do not know
the date.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not a recent survey,
I think.
Mr. MORTON. It was made about eight-
een years ago.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is another Teport
that wo propose to print.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection. I
merely wish to understand its nature.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
harbor of samana.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution for the print-
ing of a similar'survey, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute ; and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That three hundred copies of the chart
of the harbor of Samana be lithographed and printed
for the use of the Senate, as soon as practicable, from
the chart of the bay and harbor of Samana in the
hydrographio office of the Nary-Department.
The Committee on Printing reported the
resolution with an amendment, to strike out-
all after the word " Resolved," and to insert:
That the chart of the harbor of Samana be
frinted as soon as practicable, from the chart of the
ay and harbor of Samana in the hydrographicr
office of the Navy Department, and that one thou-
sand extra copie3 be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The amendfnent was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
report on eclipse of the sun.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution
submitted by Mr. Morrill, of Maine, on the :
2d instant, " That twenty-five hundred copies
of the report made by the officers of the Uni- ji
ted States Naval Observatory of the total
eclipse of the sun of August 7, 18G9, be !
printed," reported it with an amendment,
which was to strike out all after the word
"Resolved," and insert the following:
By the Senate, (the House of Representatives con-
curring,) That were be printed one thousand extra
copies of the report made by the officers of the United
States Naval Observatory of the total eclipse of the
sun of August 7,1869, for the use of the Senate, two
thousand copies for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and five hundred extra copies for dis-
Mbution among scientific bodies and individuals
the Superintendent of the United States Naval
servatory.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President of the United
States had approved and signed this day the
following joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) authorizing
Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the king
of the Netherlands ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 28) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander W. A. Kirkland, Uni-
ted States Navy, to accept a gold medal from
the emperor of France.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 41) donating to the public schools
of Washington, District of Columbia, the frame
building located at the southeast corner of
Twenty-second street west and I street north,
in said city.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 146)
for the return of evidence of honorable dis-
charge to officers; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
bills introduced.
* Mr. COLE asked, and by urihnimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
500) to amend an act to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and the Hawaiian
islands and to extend the same to Australia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 601) more effectually to provide for the
execution of treaties for the protection of the
owners of trade-marks; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 502) to regulate the sale of intoxicating
liquors in the District of Columbia and to de-
fine the persons who shall share the respons-
ibility ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of I
Columbia, and ordered to be printed. !
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. .
No. 503) extending the provisions of the civil
rights bill for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment of the Constitution ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
504) establishing the compensation of the sur-
veyor ofcustoms ofthe port of St. Louis; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mitee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
505) amendatory of the charter of the Mutual
Fire Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 506) establishing certain post roads; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 507)
to provide additional commercial and postal
facilities in the port of New York; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 508) to refund to the States the interest
and discount of the money borrowed to equip,
pay, supply, and transport troops for the
service of the United States in the recent war;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by tmanimons con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
509) for the relief of the inhabitants of Salt
Lake City, in the Territory of Utah ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unaniraouscon- ■
| sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
510) granting land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to Colum-
bus, Nebraska; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 118) to place the name
of Benjamin S. Richards on the Navy Register*
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
bill referred.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to take from tho
table the bill (S. No. 20) to encourage the
production of cotton in the United States,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It has been lying on the table
since last March.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection.
government 130nd3.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury h
heroby directed to report to the Senate the several
dates of the bonds issued to Pacific railroad compa-
nies, the aggregate amounts issued at the several
dates, and the dates at which the amounts respect-
ively are payable; also, the character of tho bonds
held in the Treasury on the 1st day of February as
belonging to the sinking fund, as also all the other
bonds purchased and held subject to Congress, giving
the dates and aggregate amount of each issug so held,
when redeemable and payable, with the rates of in-
terest and the dates of the acts under which such
bonds were originally issued.
report on consular affairs. .
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate the recent
report of the agent of the United States to examine
consular affairs, with the reports of consular ofiioers
in France and Belgium.
marshal of southern illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to furnish the Senate a copy of the charges of official
misconduct preferred against the marshal of the
southern district of Illinois, the report of the district
attorney appointed to investigate the charges upon
the same, and the answer of the marshal to said
charges.
anti-franking privilege petitions.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and ho
is hereby, directed to report to the Seriate by whom
the heading of the petitions for tho abolition of
tho franking privilege was prepared; and when,
where, and by whose order and at whose exp.enso
the said petitions were printed and circulated, and
the cost of the same; and that he also communicato
to the Senate the facts upon which the allegations
of fraud and abuse in tho exercise of the said, frankr
ing privilege contained in the said petitions ar6
founded.
The VICE PRESIDENT.; Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion?
Mr. THAYER. Let it go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody objects to that,
I hope.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Nebraska to object.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
naval register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was' referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the Naval
Register, just issued by the Navy Department, oe
printed for the use of the Senate.
