62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 25,
Ho. op Reps.
Foreign Belations—Mr. Moore.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
North, such as the New York Tribune, New
York Times, the Missouri Democrat, and Chi-
cago Tribune, prior to the late election in
Virginia, advocated the success of the Walker
party as against the Wells party, every member
ot' which was known to be a true and steadfast
Union man, thereby misleading a great many
Union men into voting the Walker or rebel
ticket. A further mistake was made, I believe
with the best of motives, by the Administra-
tion in not distinctly and positively recogniz-
ing the Wells party as the union party in that
State, and manifesting that course in appoint-
ing Federal officers therein. There is no loyal
man in the South who would not vote the Re-
publican ticket if he knows which that ticket is;
but by the active support given the rebels by
these northern papers, and the indifference
manifested by the Administration in the matter,
some of the Union people were led to believe
that Governor Walker and his party were sup-
porters of the Administration. And it was
thus that they were deluded into voting into
power those whom I believe will wield that
power thus fraudulently obtained to the op-
pression of the loyal people of that State.
But, considering that Virginia has technically
complied with the reconstruction acts there is
nothing for us to do now but to admit her with
the fundamental conditions attached to this
bill.
I am brought to this conclusion because it is
the best we can do, and because from first
until now the question has not been, shall we
admit Virginia, but hbw and on what terms
shall we admit her. Taking it for granted that
she must be admitted though the heavens fall,
"admit Virginia!" "admit Viiginia!" has
been the constant cry of some of our Republican
papers throughout the country, aud echoed here
in this House by some of its ablest members
even of the Republican party. It seems some
of our friends are so wrapped up in the success
of the fifteenth amendment that they would
sacrifice everythingin orderthatit may become
a part of the Constitution, thinking thereby to
put on the cap-stone to universal liberty,
forgetting that in a great portion of the
United States the liberty it will give will only
be on paper. Others are so anxious to repair
the breach made by Virginia's attempt to dis-
member this Union that they are willing to
plaster it together with very indifferent mortar,
to say the least, seeming to forget that ther
is an object in having a Union, and that that
object is the protection of the lives, liberty, and
property of all its citizens. In their great haste
to rebuild they do not very closely scrutinize
the material offered to complete the building
of this glorious edifice ; but if a block is pre-
oented which appears to be in good shape they
immediately propose to use it, without any test
being applied to determine the material or
quality of the material of which that block is
composed. It may be unsound, too soft, and
full of flaws, or it may be sound and a good
stone. A few taps of the hammer will test its
fitness, and if its friends are sincere in their
assertions they will readily consent to the
test, expecting their assertions of fitness to be
fully vindicated. But this is not the case with
Virginia. She 13 presented; her friends say
she is in good shape and sound in the doc-
trines of equal rights, and that she is now fit
to be readmitted to membership in our glo-
rious Union ; but when we propose to apply
a wholesome guarantee, by way of testing their
sincerity, they object. We have no assurance
that there are not some unsound spots in this
block and that it may not at some critical time
give way and cause the whole building to be
thrown into disorder, thereby damaging and
destroying some of its inmates.
The test that I apply to those professing to
be thoroughly reconstructed is that applied
by the Methodist church to those asking mem-
bership ; they must show by their actions as
well as their professions that they love the
church and the brethren. So with these men ;
professing that they have in good faith accept-
ed the result of the war will convince me of
their sincerity when they show by their actions
that they love the Union and the Union peo-
ple. We are precipitated into voting for the
admission of Virginia by the cry of "admit
Virginia," as our Army was forced to the
disasters of Bull Run and Manassas by the cry
of '• on to Richmond."
Mr. Speaker, I here and now say to Virginia,
while her footsteps almost press the threshold
of the Union, to bewarcupon what she enters,
for unless she administers her law3 in more
equal and exact justice than I believe she will
I will vote to place her again under the con-
trol of the military, as we have Georgia and
will Tennessee. This I apprehend will become
our duty within less than three years; for I
am quite certain the occasion will arise for
Federal intervention for the protection of our
citizens there. And when that time comes I
hope to see that those who are now so full of
magnanimity and generosity toward Virginia
will be as ready to do their duty and come to
the rescue of those of our citizens whom we this
day surrender to the tender mercies of their
bitter foes.
Foreign Relations.
SPEECH OP HON. J. H. MOORE,
OP ILLINOIS,
In the House or Representatives,
January 25, 1870,
On the foreign policy of the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the questions which have interested the whole
people of this country for some time touching
the foreign policy of the Government have
been recently discussed with considerable abil-
ity, both here in this House and also in the
Chamber at the other end of this Capitol; and
the views advanced appear to have met with a
popular response in some localities throughout
the country, and to have been favorably received
by a portion of the public press. And to minds
hastily reaching conclusions they present the
appearance, at least, of plausibility ; and espe-
cially is this true in relation to the utterances
of the distinguished gentlemen who so elo-
quently pleaded the cause of the Cuban patriots.
Nor is it to be wondered at, notwithstanding
the fallacy of the arguments submitted, when
we consider how ready the entire people of this
country are to extend their sympathies to any
people in any country who embark in the
enterprise of securing for themselves a larger
measure of human freedom. So deeply seated
in our hearts is the idea that all just govern-
ments derive their sanction from the will and
consent of the people, that governments are
instituted among men for the benefit of the
subjects thereof, and intended to conserve the
rights of all of every class aud condition under
the government, that we almost instinctively rise
up to cheer and urge onward any and all enter-
prises which look toward a remodeling of old
forms of government not in exact accordance
with our own, and to espouse the cause of that
people, whoever they may be, who are desir-
ous to throw off the authority of institutions
which they have had no hand in establishing,
and under which they are deprived of those
enlarged and liberal privileges which so distin-
guish our own great people. And, sir, I am
not sorry that such a sentiment pervades the
popular heart in this free land of ours. I am
glad that among us there is an ever-active sym-
pathy toward the oppressed of all lands, and
an inextinguishable hatred for all forms of
oppression, whether exercised by governments,
monopolies, or individual tyrants and oppress-
ors.
It augurs well for the future progress of
a noble civilization that more and more it
is being realized as a vital principle, to which
the most stubborn prejudices must ultimately
yield, that governments are not to be admin-
istered in the interest of the few, but of the
many ; not in favor of a class merely, but that,
reaching down in their supreme beneficence
through all forms of society and conditions of
men, they are to be the avengers of individual
wrongs, the conservators of individual rights;
that men are men the world over, and to be
circumscribed and limited in their rights to the
protection of person and property and the
exercisc of their civil and political privileges,
only as in their reckless disregard of law and
order they may render themselves absolutely
incapable of being trusted.
Events in the recent history of this country,
sir, have happily tended to give a deeper sig-
nificance to free governments, even among us;
and the mind struggling upward amid the com-
motions and civil strifes through which we
have so recently passed, has reached a higher
stand-point and possessed itself of broader and
more comprehensive views in reference to the
true theory of government as instituted by our
fathers. To-day we feel that our grand mis-
sion, the mission of our great Republic, has
not been fulfilled ; that the true idea of free
institutions has not been realized while as yet
under our proud ensign there lives one single
individual who is the subject of legal or legis-
lative oppression, and whose sufferings, arising
from inadequate protection or unequal laws,
do not find at once a speedy and specific rem-
edy. And, sir, there exists to-day a fixed and
unalterable purpose in the minds -of the great
majority of this country to give to all men, of
whatever kith or kin, whatever may be the
color of the skin or the skies under which they
may have been born, or the religion they may
have espoused, a fair and equal chance in the
great race of life, and to see to it that the paths
of preferment shall be open alike to all who
by their industry and good behavior, by their
conformity to the great and immutable princi-
ples of rectitude which are universally con-
fessed to lay at the foundation of all good gov-
ernments, shall have merited the approval and
commendation of the just.
And there is, sir, no less unmistakably man-
ifest a settled purpose so to run this Govern-
ment as that it shall be a standing rebuke to all
forms of oppression at home and abroad, and
to extend aid and comfort to all struggling
peoples, whenever and wherever it can be done
consistently with its own safety, the dignity of
its character, and the obligations it is under to
law and to the civilized world. If we could
to-day speak with authority and were assured
that all nations are prepared by experience and
wisdom, by lofty virtue and self-restraint for
Governments as free as ours, every throne of
oppression would crumble in an hour, and
every slave who now hugs his chains in sadness
and sorrow would walk forth from beneath his
heavy burdens "renewed, regenerated, and
disenthralled."
But, sir, it is not given to this or any other
Power to speak with that sort of unlimited
authority. This nation is sovereign within its
own domain ; and while it enjoys its own dis-
tinguished privileges and advantages, giving it
a prosperity, strength, happiness, and moral
grandeur unequaled in the civilized world, it
must, I imagine, wait the slow processes by
which nations rise to the noblest conceptions
and learn to throw off old forms which have
hitherto impeded their progress and secure
for themselves that measure of freedom and
political elevation which we esteem as our
richest possessions. Nations must make them-
