2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
ago and never again to be repeated. Would
it were so! Long immunity from punishment
has but increased the bloody fury and desire
for unholy vengeance.
I have before me a communication.from a
reliable citizen of Tuscaloosa county, reporting
the outrages committed in that county during
the eight months prior to the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1869, in which he states that he does not
think he has been able to enumerate half the
cases. He begins his dark catalogue with—
1. Crossland and Byars, shot from ambush
in open daylight, within twelve miles of the
city of Tuscaloosa. Crossland, an old citizen,
respected by all good men, free from all of-
fense except his Republican politics, and that
he was on his way to the capital to attend the
General Assembly, of which hewas a member.
2. Isaac Hester, shot, with his child in his
arms, at his farm near town; the child not
dead, but crippled for life.
8. The mail-carrier, shot near Moor's bridge.
4. Two negroes shot in the McConnel neigh-
borhood.
5. Negro man Jeff, shot near McDaniel&
Gibson's store.
6. George Henderson, shot at North Port.
7. Aaron Cochrane, shot near Tuscaloosa.
8. A white man, name not known, shot near
McMath's store.
0. Mr. Hill shot.
10. Negro woman, shot through a window.
11. Seott Gould, shot near a place called
Sunset.
1 '2. A negro woman, shot near same place a
few weeks before.
] IS. Miller, a young man taken out of a store
at. New Lexington, murdered, his body mutil-
ated and thrown into North river.
34. The wife of Moses lluglies, shot in
North Port, (some twelve months since.)
15. Tom Moore, a colored man, taken from
his held a few weeks ago and shot.
The same letter, from which 1 have literally
quoted, tells of inoffensive men and women,
both white and black, being beaten and driven
from their homes ; of women raped, of colored
schools broken up in thai county, the teachers
expelled and the school-houses burned
1 have reports from other parts of Alabama
depicling the same condition of society. A
comparative but illusory quiet may prevail
now, but such lulls, if any, only last until the
necessities of another election cause the lead-
ing outlaws to again let ioose their assassin
hordes.
I blush to bring thuso revolting details be-
fore this honorable body j but imperious truth
brooks 110fastidious sentiment. It is the influ-
ence of such journals as the Tuscaloosa Moni-
tor, the Montgomery Hail, the Mobile Uegister,
and the Eutaw Whig that has evoked and wrought
this catalogue of murder and disorder.
I quote from the Tuscaloosa Monitor of
August 17, 18G9:
"The lato terrible riot that occurred in Mobile
between the whites and blacks alibrds accumulating
evidouee of the fact that the only safety of the
southern people rests in the prompt riddance of
communities of those vile political outlaws who
make use of their fetid breaths and poisonous influ-
ence in leading astray the teeblo minds ot negroes,
and in arousing in their savage bosoms those bestial
impulses that otherwise would bo held dormant, by
proper training. If during the riot excited in Mo-
bile by the incendiary harangue of Kellky some
three years ago the said Kellky had been instantly
pierced through his black heart by a stray bullet,
and other conspicuous characters had been served
likewise, the same death-knell that was thus given
to them would have been given also to negro mob-
ocracy.
"These vile Radical speakers no sooner stir up
strife in crowds than they slip down from the stand
and disappear ere the general melee lias fairly begun.
Th ese devilish orators are nothing short of exciters,
aiders, and abettors of murder, arson, and every
species of villainy for which the tampered-with
negro race is noted. The surest method of curing a
disease is to strike at its source. The most certain
way of estopping riots is to aim at tho originators
theroof. There is no law to reach the infamous scoun-
drel who mounts the speaker's stand and who with
bis evil tongue arouses the senseless flock of two-
legged brutes. There is a notorious negro leader in
Mobile called Major Langford, who has figured in
all the bloody affairs that have occurred in thateity
between the race of men and the race of tailless
baboons. Had he and others of like stripe been prop-
erly attended to a quietus would have been given to
negro outgages in Mobile for all time. Not only the
protection of ourselves but humanity to the.negroes
should induce prompt action and a free shedding 01
the blood of those fiends, be they white or blaek. who
essay to produce a conflict between those that neces-
sity compels should live in the same country.
" By dealing properly with the ringleaders theso
frequent cases of outrage would cease, and the poor,
ignorant black masses of doubtful humanity would
be saved from rapid destruction. If some bold white
man in Mobile had shot down the first negro that
offered insult to a white woman, or who raised his
arm against a white man, tho example would hare
been beneficial to both races. Others would ha.ve
been deterred from like insolence. It is nottoo late
yetto act. Thesooner the negro ismade tosinkinto
his low sphere tho better for all concerned. In tho
next riot thatwill be sure to ensue let men of steady
nerve and determined will, have an eye upon those
fellows who are the acknowledged leaders and ad-
visers of the negroes; deal with them in a proper
manner, and our word for it Mobile will soon be as
noted for the good bearing of her negro population
as is Tuscaloosa now.
" A little bloodspilt promptly and judiciously may
save torrents of the red fluid that procrastination
will render necessary should be poured out. This is
plain but nevertheless true talk. Theoondign pun-
ishment of a few negroes in this country has saved
many from the destructive results of riots. A negro
of this town would as soon think to fly as to insult a
superior. Ho knows, at the least calculation, that
I10 would if guilty of such bad conduct be carvcd
within an inch of his life. Consequently tho negroes
here are contented with their lot. No one dares
teach them that they are equal with the white men.
Their behavior is generally unexceptionable. They
are polite in tho oxtreme.
"Nor is this good condition of things confined to
tho buckncgroes alone. The she negroes know their
places. The good behavior has thus been catching.
Strangerswho havevisited our littleburg have won-
dered at the difference of the bearing ot tho negro
population hero and elsewhere. They do not gen-
erally understand it. The reason is plain, and the
good people of Mobile and other ncgro-perseouted
Cities would do well to lose no time in profiting by
the example set by Tuscaloosa. Here wo have no
dark lantern leagues; no outbursts of carpet-bag and
negro stultiloquence on platforms in the streets; no
marching about of bodies of negroes under arms; no
insults offered by negroes to white men. And all
this good state of tilings is simply because the first
negro that forgot his place by making fight with a
white man was cut and beaten within a hair's breadth
ot death, and bccauso on a few subsequent occasions
other negroes have been dealtwith to the full power
and extent of powder and ball.
" But all trouble between whites and blacks has,
we feel sure, passed by us forever now. The latter
will never forget the terrible lessons of the past, will
never deviate from the humble paths in which they
have been torced by tear, and where they will be
kept through fo.tr hereafter. Uy tho time another
election rolls around tho negro element of Tusca-
loosa will not vote even. We hope to hear of no
more Mobile riots; but it we should, we unhesitat-
ingly express tho hope that tho leading negroes
thereof v/ill bo sacrificed for tho sake of their own
duped followers, as well as for the safely of the Cau-
casian race. Tho South must, at any cost, be saved
from carpet-bag and negro tyranny and butchery."
These are the teachings of Uy land Randolph,
the pet and oracle of these leading spirits,
whose platform was indorsed by the people of
Tuscaloosa county last August by electing liitn
to the General Assembly of Alabama by an over-
whelming majority ; and the result of which
teaching I have already shown you in the par-
tial list of atrocities lately committed in that,
county.
I nowreadyou from thoEutaw Whig, another
popular and ably edited organ of disorder :
" A sound, social policy demands the exclusion of
these fallen men (native ltepublicans) from the social
circles of the South. They are unworthy of mem-
bership in a society which they seek (?) by the neces-
sary results of the evolution of thoir political and
social creed to degrade. They are not fit to move in
circles of life which they would pollute and debase
by tho interfusion and admixture of an alien and an
inferior element. For a still stronger reason they
should be debarred all ingress into respectable society
in the South."
This is the language of J oseph W. T aylor, cele-
brated in Alabama as a leading Democratic
politician, a female boarding-school orator,
a man who was the candidate of the disfran-
chised "chivalry" for Congress in 1806, and
elected over a native Unionist by an immense
majority.
I might add extract after extract from these
treasonable and incendiary speeches and edit-
orials ; but I have adduced evidence enough
to show where the true responsibility lies for
the anarchic condition of the South, and to
dispel the present delusion of the honorable
Senator. These leaders and newspapers always
had a controlling influence over the "lewd
fellows of the baser sort." They exercised it
before the war, during the war, and since the
war, but never in the interests of loyalty and
peace.
Contrast this chivalry with the poor men of
Alabama, her mountain boys who gathered
under the old flag of the country, their fathers'
flag, and on many a weary march and cheer-
less bivouac and hard-fought field, under my
immediate command, attested their devotion
to the Union. I can assure the Senate that,
these soldiers do not agree with the suicidal
policy advocated by those Senators who oppose
fundamental conditions.
I have known many northern men who went
South with Utopian ideas ot life in that^sec-
tion. I never knew one who remained there
six months (unless it were some isolated case
of a mere political adventurer) whose expe-
rience and observation did not work a radical
change in his opinions and convert him into
an ardent supporter of the policy of Con-
gress.
Whenever I can be satisfied that the seces-
sion element recognizes the'binding authority
of law; when it yields a cheerful allegiance
to the Government; when it uses its influence
in favor of order and peace; in short, when
its conduct really becomes the voucher for its
loyalty, I shall as gladly as any Senator upon
this floor sustain the most liberal and advanced
policy looking to the enjoyment of all political
privileges. But until that time comes I shall
insist that the interests and safety of the whole
Republic imperatively require the most stria-
gent measures.
I have been content heretofore, Mr. Presi-
dent, to express my opinions upon these ques-
tions only by my vote; but I cannot, in justice
to my constituents and myself, let the oppor-
tunity go by without placing myself further
upon the record, in opposition to the views
expressed by my colleague. I utterly and
entirely disagree with him and his propositions
upon the questions at issue. The political con-
dition of the State of Alabama will be largely
affected by that of tho adjacent, State of Geor-
gia. Their interests, both social and political,
are identical; and inasmuch as the State of
Alabama has had the benefit of a more ex-
tended experience upon the questions of recon-
struction, it is but just that I should insist
upon taking benefit therefrom, and endeavor to
impress upon the Senate the propriety of my
views. If I were reasoning from theories alone
I might be subjected truthfully to the charges
of being actuated by mere feelings of partisan-
ship; but while party fidelity is to me sacred
and inviolable, I trust I rise superior to such
considerations in this issue, and place myself
upon the higher ground of patriotism and soli-
citude for the welfare not only of the recon-
structed States, but the entire Union.
Practical experience has demonstrated tho
fallacy of the arguments of my colleague.
The history and the facts are against his high-
wrought theories, and he will find himselfcruelly
disappointed if he imagines they will prove, in
the trite language of Victor Hugo, ''a force
for the future " lor his benefit.
I cannot consent to such legislation as will
continue in office in Georgia a class of men
whose career has been utterly hostile to the
reconstruction policy of Congress, and who
hold judicially that the slave code in Georgia
is still in force; men who have falsified their
promises, set at naught their pledges, and who
have entailed upon us all the trouble and dis-
sension under which we are now laboring in
this debate. For one, I will not be inconsist-
ent with my record and untrue to my constit-
uents by bending before the pressure of this
element.
