1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4853
of them dark and inaccessible. The sub-Treasury
has its office in the basement, is a damp and pesti-
lential dungeon at most, shut out from the light of
day; indeed, so far so that gas has to be burned
there at all times in business hours, and the place
being entirely destitute of all means of ventilation;
and theso arc the ofiicos of the sub-Treasury where
not less than $50,000,000 arc received and disbursed
annually. The building not being lare;e enough to
accommodate all of the public offices, the assessors,
inspectors, collector, and other officers are to be pro-
vided with hired apartments. The receipts from rev-
enue and customs amount annually to sorae&ix or
seven millions, and wo ask it as our right that a
small portion of one year's receipts of this office be
appropriated for a suitable building in which to
transact our public business; and for such appropri-
ation your petitioners njost humbly pray.
STEPHEN IlIDGLEY,
C. S. GREELEY,
H. LAFLIN,
E. O. STANNARD,
1). P. ROWLAND,
Committee from Board of Trudu.
LEE 11. SHRYOCIv.
President Board of Trade.
GEORGE 11. MORGAN,
tiecrctarji TJ. M. Bxchange.
NATHAN COLE,
Mayor of St. Louis.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, this pro-
posed appropriation is not suggested by the
committee because these buildings are in the
East. Nor, on the other hand, did the com-
mittee decline to recommend an appropriation
Cor St. Louis because it was in the West. Now,
sir, I know myself how many places there are
in the West in which it would be very desir-
able to make appropriations for the erection
of new buildings.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will tlie
gentleman yield to mc for a question?
Mr. BEAMAN. I will by and by. There
are two places in my own State where it is veiy
important that such buildings should be erected.
I think the committee will bear me out in say-
ing that in one place particularly in my State
there seemed to be almost an imperative ne-
cessity that such an appropriation should be
made. But, sir, the committee did not feel
that it would be in accordance with the senti-
ment of this House that wc should go into a
general system of Greeting public buildings at
the present time. Now, if we should make an
appropriation for one building, that creates
a necessity for appropriations for other build-
ings ; and it seemed there was no way to gel
along except by declining to recommend the
erection of any new buildings, and confining
the appropriations to the completion of build-
ings already commenced. And, sir, when we
regard the condition of the country, I believe
the people will approve of tho course we have
pursued. I am now ready to bear the question
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. 1 wished
to know from the gentleman why the commit-
tee thought proper to ignore the great com-
mercial city of St. Louis in this appropriation
bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. I think I have already
r.nswered that question. There was no dispo-
sition on the part of the committee to ignore
St. Louis. And I may say there was no dis-
position to ignore Albany, and no disposition to
ignore Port Huron and Grand Rapids, in my
otvn State.
Mr. FERRY. Which were recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, as my colleague says,
although recommended by the Secretary. But,
as I have stated, we cou'd not recommend an
appropriation for any of these cities without
going into numerous appropriations of this
kind. Such is the sentiment, of the country in
regard to economy, and such the disposition
of the House, that I felt that the committee
would not have been warranted in recommend-
ing appropriations for new buildings.
Mr. DAWES. I desire just to make a remark
on a single point to my friend from St. Louis, |
[Mr. Wells.] The committee went against
the recommendation of the building atSt. Louis
and the building at Albany for the same rea-
son as they went against all the other rec-
ommendations of the Secretary, through the
supervising architect, for the commencement
of public buildings in different parts of the
country to the amount of $10,000,000. He
put them almost all on the same level, and
when we tried to get him to designate a few
of them that were absolutely necessary, so that
we could find some ground upon which to
stand, the friends of different localities hurried
to the other end of tho avenue before they
went to their dinners, on the day we got the
resolution passed, and so importuned the Sec-
retary that he kept adding to his list until it
came to this at last, that if we had followed
his recommendations we would have swollen
the appropriations above the appropriations in
past years; and we did not feel at liberty to do
that.
Now, I say very frankly that a building at
St. Louis and a building at Albany and a build-
ing at Port Huron are the three buildings of
all others, in my opinion, that the public needs
absolutely require, and ought to be the very
first buildings appropriated for. But, sir, if
we appropriated for these three, the whole
must go in. We felt as if we had better come
here before the House and say that until there
was a reduction of expenditures that would
justify itwe could notrecommend these appro-
priations; but that as soon as possible, perhaps
at the next session, wo would recommend the
beginning of public buildings on a limited
scale. 1 assure these gentlemen that there
was but one voice in the Committee on Appro-
priations as to the comparative merits of the
buildings, and it was as I have already stated.
1 assure them that there is no such disposition
as the gentleman has intimated to discriminate
between the East and the West. Why, sir,
the Committee on Appropriations. I thought,
leported liberal appropriations for (he improve-
ment of the rivers and harbor? of the West—
millions of dollars—because they deemed ne-
cessity required it. i trust that my friend from
St. Louis, taking this admission of the neces-
sity of these buildings, will disabuse his mind
of any idea that anybody on that committee
desires one section of the country to get any
advantage of another.
Why, sir, my friend from Texas [Mr. Dime-
nhr] is hero urging me for an appropriation.
My friend from Little Rock has come to my
ear every five minutes since I have sat here,
asking an appropriation. Then, too, appropri-
ations are asked for Paducah, and for Quincy,
Illinois. The eases are so numerous that you
cannot count them on your fingers without ex-
hausting your fingers, and then your toes will
not be enough for them ; and they are all
pressed by the supervising architect of the
Treasury in the same words, that "absolute
necessity requires them." He says that of every
one of them ; rind now I hope my fiiertd will .
withdraw his amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to a/ricod j
by reducing the appropriation S"23,0'J0. I will !
add to what has been said by the gentleman !
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] with regard j
to the propriety of this appropriation that there j
is no doubt of the necessity of this building at
Boston. It has been reported favorably by
committees of the House heretofore ; and the
work has been begun, and the manner of be-
ginning it and of making the contracts has been
pretty thoroughly investigated and ventilated.
Gentlemen will see this if they will take the
pains to read the report of the Committee^ on
the Post Office and Post Roads on the subiect
in pursuance of that investigation. Since that
report was made I have understood lrom tho
Secretary of the Treasury that he is determined
to break up these fraudulent and excessive
contracts made for the entire building, and to
comply with the act of April last; and all I
desire to say with reference to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] is that I want to know whether
there is any cat under that meal anywhere. I
want to be sure that the provisions of the act
of April last, together with this amendment,
will not revive those contracts or enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to continue those
fraudulent contracts.
One gentleman, [Mr. Wood,] in discussing
the subject of the New York post office, spoke
of the impossibility of expending more than
$3,000,000 under tho plan which has been
perfected. I tell that gentleman that plans
have not yet been perfected for the New York
post office building; the Secretary of the
Treasury has so told me within two days right
here upon this floor. Talk about their not
being able to spend $3,000,000, when they
have already spent—I will not say exactly
how much: but rny impression is that they
will have spent over a million dollars on tho
basement alone by the time that portion is
completed. And will the gentleman tell me
that they cannot spend $3,000,000 if you leave
them to go on in their own way, when they are
building a structure of that enormous cost
without a perfect plan? Would any man iu
this House ever undertake to build a building
that would cost even $100,000 until he had a
complete plan of it, and had first sat down and
counted the cost, in accordance with a very
wise injunction? The way they go on at the
Treasury Department is not to sit down at the
beginning and count the cost, but to wait until
they have got through, and then leave Con-
gress to count the cost and foot the bills when
they make the appropriations.
And that is the way they are going on now.
A few days ago a gentleman who had been
employed upon the New York post office build-
ing, a very worthy and honest man, a graduate
of Dartmouth College, a classmate of the newly
appointed Attorney General, employed there
to keep measurement and weights of materials
furnished, and to see that the contracts were
carried out—being one of those busy, careful,
and prudent men, constantly making measure
ments—discovered that there were constant
mistakes being made there. He discovered
that the iron columns which had been con-
tracted for according to the specifications to
be of a certain length, when they came to be
delivered were at least three inches too long;
consequently the architect had to change the
plan to suit tho columns, and to reduce the
iloor of the basement for three inches; and he
discovered that a quantity of large, expensive,
and heavy iron girders or beams were delivered
from ten to twelve inches too long.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to finish
what I have to say.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the gentleman's time being extended?
No objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That, man sought
Mr. Hulburd, who is a very good man in his
way, who made a very fair member of Con-
gress, but T do not believe he can "keep a
hotel." He is in charge of the building, but
is not an architect, although a very honest
man. This man went to Mr. Hulburd and told
him what he had discovered. Mr. Hulburd
said to him, "It will not do for us to say any-
thing about it, because if we do we will get
rapped over the knuckles." The man, how-
ever, came on to Washington, like a good, hon-
est soul, as he was, and laid the matter before
the Secretary of the Treasury. Having done
so. as he was about leaving the room, he said,
"I expect, Mr. Secretary, that my head will
come off for this ; for I met the architect here
a little while ago, and told him what I bad
come on for." The Secretary said, in his quiet
way, "Oh, I gut ss notoraomethinglikethat.
The mail went back to New York, and on the
ilotiday following received a letter informing
h.m that he was discharged. Now, that man I
had never seen ; I had never sent for him ; the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
had never seut for him. I did not know there
was such a man employed there. Nobody had
prompted him to do this; if was his owa act.
