i87a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
indian goods lost on missouri river.
Mr THAYER. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its immediate considera-
tion :
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform the Senate the value of the Indian
eoods and goods forwarded by the Government for
the Indians lost on the Missouri river above Omaha
during the last five years by means of tho wrecking
and destruction of steamboats, and the number ot
steamboats thus wrecked and destroyed by trans-
porting such goods.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
resolution amended so as to extend the time t
to six years. There was some wrecking done j
there six years ago. !
Mr. THAYER. Very well. Perhaps it
would be better to say eight years; and I will
so modify the resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted. . ,
books in secretary's office. ,
Mr. FERRY submitted the following resolu- j
tlon j which was considered by unanimous con- i
sent, and agreed to: !
Jietolved, That the Committee on Bablio Buildings j
and Grounds be directed to ascertain if suitable j
rooms can be bad in which the Secretary of the Sen- j
ate may arrange for the convenience of the Senate
the books in his department, and to inquire as to the i
probable cost of fixing them for such purpose. j
order op business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 298..
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Senator from Illinois, I desire to make a
suggestion. Friday has been set apart for the
transaction of business from certain commit-
tees. Judging from what took place last Fri-
day, there will not be much business next Fri-
day from those committees; and as notice has
been given that the policy of granting lands to
assist in the construction of railroads will be
discussed in extenso, I propose, if there is no
objection, that next Friday be set apart for the
consideration of that question, and that Sen-
ate bill No. 396 be taken up on that day, so
that the question may be discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent that an
order be made that Senate bill No. 39G, in
regard to the granting of land in Oregon fo#
railroad purposes, be taken up on Friday next
at one o'clock. Is there objection?
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will not
crowd that bill in on Friday. I am a friend
of his bill, and he wants all the friends here
he can get.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be taken
up after you get through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
that this bill be taken up after the Calendar has
been called over on Friday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to crowd
this bill in, but I supposed that the business of
those committees was exhausted, and that all
would consent to this arrangement. If there
is any objection of course I do not press it.
Mr. FERRY. There is one case, the veto
message on the bill for the relief of Rollin
White, that I propose to dispose of nextFriday
under the regular order if possible.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I shall have to take
my chance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands there is objection.
recommendations to office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to'the consideration of Senate
bill No. 298.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 298) to relieve mem-
bers of Congress from importunity and to pre-
serve the independence of the different Depart-
ments of the Government. The Committee
on the Judiciary proposed to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting:
That hereafter it shall bo unlawful for any mem-
ber of either House of Congress or Delegate from a
Territory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recom-
mend, or advise tho President of the United States,
or any head of aDepartment or of any bureau thereof,
to appoint any person to office or employment; and
it shall be unlawful for the President or anyhead of
a Department or bureau to make any appointment
so solicited, recommended, or advised, on the privity
of the applicant; and any person who shall violate
this act, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction tliereofshall b© fined not exceeding$l,O0O:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to the aotion
of Senators upon nominations submitted by the Pres-
ident to the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say that the
Committee on Retrenchment have three or four
bills covering the whole civil service and every-
! thing in this bill, and I could wish that this bill
! might be laid over until those bills shall be
reported. They are now in process of prepara-
! tion. I do not mean to suggest that I am op-
posed to this bill, but the same ground will be
; covered, and much more than is covered by
• this bill, I wish they might all be brought up
! together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
i Hampshire is aware that this is a very large
| subject and it will doubtless occupy the atten-
; tion of Congress for a long time in fixing the
| civil service, if.we are able to agree upon any
I bill at all. This Dill is directed to a single abuse,
out of which, many others, I grant you, flow ;
but the object of the bill is, as I said when I
introduced' it, not simply to relieve the mem-
bers of Congress from importunity. That is a
pressing matter, but the evils that arise out of
the pressure by members of Congress upon the
different Departments for offices are far-reach-
ing. They reach even to the districts from
which members are elected and the States from
which Senators are elected, and promises of
I offices are made in advance and offices are
j parceled out before elections take place, there
! being an understanding that in case certain
| parties are successful certain other parties are
j to receive offices.
I trust the Senator from New Hampshi re will
j not interpose, as he does not object to the prin-
l ciple of the bill, and require that we should
I take up the Whole subject, for if we do I fear
i we shall get nothing. This is an admitted abuse
| which it is the object of this bill to correct,
and I have been pressed by numerous Senators
to endeavor to get the bill before the Senate.
I have wanted to get it before the Senate for
the last two months, but the pressure of busi-
ness has been such that I have not succeeded
heretofore.
You will observe, Mr. President, that the
Committee on the Judiciary have amended the
bill as I first introduced it, and it is only in
reference to that amendment that I desire to
say a word. As the bill was originally intro-
duced it prohibited members of Congress from
interfering with the appointments to office,
unless at the request of the appointing power
in writing, and then they were to answer in
writing; but the Committee on the Judiciary
thought that would lead to abuse. It was the
opinion of the committee that there would
then be devices resorted to, to be invited by
the heads of Departments, to make recom-
mendations ; that members would throw them-
selves in the way of being asked to recommend,
.that is, that some members might do it; that
thus we should not correct the abuse in that
way, and that the better way was to cut the
thing up by the roots at once and prohibit
membersof Congress, eitherin writing orother-
wise, from making recommendations.
Mr. POMEROY. May I ask the Senator a
question at that point?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose the President
should send to you and ask you your opinion
in regard to a man in Illinois ; you could not
reply to him under this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not by way of recom-
mending hjm to office. . i , . i
Mr. POMEROY. You could not reply to
the President.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Yes, you may reply to
the President undoubtedly under this bill. If
he asks you a question in regard to an indi-
vidual you may state facts in regard to Iiim
undoubtedly, notwithstanding the bill. The
bill declares that it shall be unlawful for a
members of Congress, verbally or in writing,
to solicit, recommend, or to advise the Presi-
dent or the head of aDepartment to appoint a
person to office.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose lie writes to you
and asks your advice?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The President will not
write to you for advice as to whether he should
appoint a man to office or not if this bill be-
comes a law. If he wanted to know a fact in
regard to an individual he would be entitled
to have it. But the object of the bill is to pre-
vent entirely interference by Senators and Rep-
resentatives with the appointment of men to
office. I should be very glad to occupy some
of the time of the Senate in support of this
bill; but as it is up in the morning hour, and
I have had great difficulty in getting the atten-
tion of the Senate to it at all, I will not take
time now. But I shall be very glad if the
Senate can be brought to act upon it before
we pass to any other subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator a question before he takes his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it the contemplation of
this bill, with the penalties provided, that if a
Senator or Representative knows of a contem-
plated appointment by the Executive of a very
objectionable man, he shall not remonstrate
against it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing of that
kind in the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. What does the bill say?
I Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read it:
Hereafter it shall be unlawful for any member of
i either House of Congress or Delegate from a Terri-
; tory, verbally or in writing, to solicit, recommend,
, or advise the Presidentof the United States, or head
i of a Department or of any bureau thereof, to appoint
! any person to office.
It prohibits Senators and Representatives
; from soliciting, advising, or urging appoint-
: ments to office. That is all there is of it. If
: the opinion of the Senator from Minnesota
i sbonlu be asked as to the character of a man,
Tie mav give it.
Mr. "RAMSEY. But, without asking, sup-
pose I am aware of a contemplated appoint-
ment of a man who is very objectionable ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is nothing
in the bill that would prevent the Senator from
stating that fact; but while stating that fact,
he would not be permitted under the bill to
urge that somebody else should be appointed.
Mr. FERRY. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator one question. By the Constitution, it is
provided that the President, with the advice
of the Senate, shall appoint to certain classes
of offices. By this bill the Senate is forbidden
to advise the President to appoint to office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
i read the proviso to the bill.
Provided. That this act shall not apply to the
ftction of Senators upon nominations submitted by
the President to tho Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I had not seen that.
Mr. POMEROY. They do not quote the
| Constitution right. The Constitution is that
"the President Bhall nominate, and, by and
with the advice 'and consent of the Senate,
appoint." The Senate never didhave the right
to consult the President in regard to whom he
should nominate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a proviso to
save the Senate.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is probably well known
to the Senator from Illinois that I am in favor
of a thorough reform of the civil service. At
the same time I do not see how a real reform
can be effected by this bill. I Want to address
^question to him. . , •
