1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
Mr. HOWARD. What is the amendment
pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) The amendment of the Senator
from Indiana to repeal sq much of an existing
law as prohibits the organization of militia
forces in the State of Georgia.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move
to strike out the first proviso of the bill, known
as the Bingham amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
proposed by the Senator from Michigan will
be in order when the pending amendment shall
be disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can give
notice that he proposes to make that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I give notice that I
shall make that motion at the proper time.
Mr. SUMNER. It ought to have been made
Mr. HOWARD. It ought to have been
made when the bill was first taken up for con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought it was made.
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed the whole of
this discussion, or the main portion of it, related
to a motion to strike out what is known as the
Bingham amendment, which is the first pro-
viso in the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That has been the dis-
cussion.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall
detain the Senate but a few minutes with what
I have to say on this question, and shall con-
fine myself entirely £o the motion which I pro-
pose to make. This proviso reads as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacate any ot the offices now filled
in the S:ateof Georgia either by the election of the
people or by the appointment of the Governor
thereof, by and with the advice and consent of the
senate of said State; neither shall this act be con-
strued to extend the official term of any officor of
said Btato beyond the term limited by the constitu-
tion thereof,datingfrom thoclcction orappointment
of such officers: nor to deprive the people of Geor-
gia of the right under their constitution to eleot Sen-
ators and Representatives of the State of Georgia in
the year 1870; but said election shall  e held in the
year 1870, either on the day named in the constitu-
tion of said State or such other day as the present
Legislature may designate by law.
Such is the whole of the proviso which I
propose to expunge from the bill. I see no
necessity for it. But, on the other hand, I see
that great evils may flow from the adoption of
this proviso. I do not exactly understand
what is meant by the first part of the proviso,
namely, "that nothing in this act contained
shall be construed to vacate any of the offices
now filled in the State of Georgia either by the
election of the people or by the appointment
of the Governor thereof, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate." "Nothing
in this act;" that is, in the act itself, which
admits the State of Georgia to representation
in Congress, shall be construed to vacate any
of the offices in the State of Georgia.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course not; it has
nothing to do with them.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Kansas says that this act has nothing to
do with those officers. Very well; granted.
I suppose that it can have nothing to do with the
offices in the State which are created and
filled under the constitution and laws of Geor-
gia. It is, therefore, at least superfluous ; and
it seems to carry with it an implication that
Congress has power, if it shall see fit to exer-
cise it, to vacate some State office in Georgia
v,'hich has been thus created and filled. I do
not think myself that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has any such power. How can
Congress by a simple act of legislation vacate
an office which has been created and filled
under the constitution-and laws of a State—
an office which the people of the State find
necessary in order to their well-being and their
political prosperity—an office created inde-
pendently of Congress, exercised independ-
ently of Congress, as much so perhaps as an
office held under a foreign Government.
At least this portion of the proviso is super-
fluous; it can have no effect, and ought not,
therefore, to be incorporated in the law. Again,
this first portion of the proviso proceeds :
"Neither shall this act he construed to extend tho
official term of any officer of said State beyond the
term limited by the constitution thereof, dating from
the election or appointment of such officer."
The same objection in substance lies to this
clause of the proviso, thus declaring that this
act of admission shall not be "construed to
extend the official term of any officer of said
State beyond the term limited by the constitu-
tion" of the State. That is a thing, it seems
to me, which we cannot do if we should try.
We have no power either to vacate an office or
extend the terra of an office oreated under the
constitution and laws of a State. But, sir, here
comes another clause:
"But said election shall be held in the yoar 1870,
either on the day named in the constitution of said
State or such other day as tho present Legislature
may designate by law."
If the Committee on the Judiciary, who
reported this bill back to the Senate with this
"Bingham amendment" in, supposed that un-
der the constitution and laws of Georgia an
election might not take place in 1870; in other
words, if they supposed that there was a power
under the constitution of Georgia to postpone
the biennial election, and that this power might
be exercised either by the General Assembly
of that State, then the Judiciary Committee
have assumed to repeal by act of Congress
a clause of the constitution of Georgia and to
incorporate in its stead an act of Congress.
Now, sir, what is the constitution of Georgia
upon this subject? Lotus consider it carefully.
Let us look into its essence and endeavor to
give it a fair and honest practical construction.
I think, sir, that the Legislature of Georgia
by its constitution have the power, if they shall
see fit to exercise it, to postpone the election
of the members of the General Assembly, both
senators and representatives, according to their
discretion. I believe this is a proposition which
can be maintained, and I will now proceed very
briefly to give my reasons for this construction
of the constitution of Georgia. Article three,
section one, division two, declares—•
" That the election for members of the General
Assembly shall begin the Tuesday after thefirst Mon-
day in November of every second year, except the
first election, which shall bo within sixty days after
tho adjournment of this convention."
In point of fact, by an ordinance of the con-
vention to be found in the pamphlet which I
hold in my hand, the convention directed that
election to take place on the 20th day of April,
1808. It says;
" It is ordained that an election bo held beginning
the 20th of April, 1863."
That was the day on which the first election
under the reconstructed constitution of Geor-
gia was to take place, and did in point of fact
lake place. But the clause in the constitution
proceeds;
"But the General Assembly ma.y by law change
the timo of election, and the members shall hold
until their successors are elected and qualified."
Mark, sir, the clause does not declare that
the General Assembly may by law change the
time of tho election. Had that been the lan-
guage it might possibly have been referred to
the two first years under the constitution j but
the language is that "the General Assembly
may by law change the time of election,"
using the term election in its most general
and unlimited sense, placing upon it no limita-
tion and no qualification as to time, simply
declaring that "the General Assembly may
by law"—that is, by aet of the Assemhly—
"change the time of election, and the mem-
bers shall hold until their successors are elected
j and qualified."
| Mr. POMEROY. Is that in the constitu-
1 tion or the ordinance?
Mr. HOWARD. That is in the constitu-
tion. That clause cannot be altered or modi-
fied by the Legislature of the State. It is a
part of the fundamental law, iurepealable and
unalterable by the Legislature, giving, as I
insist, to the Legislature of Georgia, if they
think fit to exercise it, a discretionary power
to change the time of any election, and in the
same breath declaring that the members then
elected shall hold their places until their suc-
cessors shall be elected and qualified.
And this is not tha only instance in the con-
stitution of Georgia in which such a principle
of succession is recognized. I call the atten-,
tion of Senators to article four, relating to the'
executive, in which they will find that this so- '
called perpetuation of power is not a stranger
in the constitution of Georgia:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall hold his office during the term of
four years, and until such time as a successor shall
be chosen and qualified."
Suppose that at a gubernatorial election in
that State there should be a tie vote between
two candidates for Governor, of course there
would be no choice at that election, and the
then incumbent would, under this constitution,
hold over until the next election which should
take place, four years after that at which the tie
vote was given. This is plainly contemplated
by the constitution itself. Suppose, on the
other hand, that the person elected at a par-
ticular election as Governor should not see fit
to qualify, to take the oath of office and enter
upon the discharge of his duties, the old incum-
bent would remain in office until a successor
should be duly elected and qualified; and it
might be eight years, it might be twelve years,
it might be sixteen years, it might be twenty
years that an incumbent, under this constitu-
tion, might possibly hold his office as Governor.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Senator noticed
that clause in the Constitution which provides
for the election by the Legislature when their
is no election by the people, that is, when no
person has a majority?
Mr. HOWARD. I did not notice that par-
ticularly. I am merely showing that the prin-
ciple of succession is no novelty in this con-
stitution.
Now, sir, as further proof that this principle
of succession is not an anomaly among tho
Georgians and was no stranger to the conven-
tion, I call the attention of Senators to the
ordinance of the 11th of March, 1808, in which
it is declared that "the persons so elected or
appointed shall enter upon the duties of the
several offices to which they have been respect-
ively clected when authorized so to do by the
acts of Congress or by the order of the general
commanding," and then it proceeds to say
that these appointees or persons elected '' shall
continue in office till the regular succession
provided for in the year 1868, and until suc-
cessors are elected and qualified." You find
the same idea of holding until a successor is
elected and qualified placed in the ordinance
itself relating to elections.
Now, sir, to me such is plainly the con-
struction of the constitution of Georgia that if
the Legislative Assembly now in existence see
fit by aet to continue themselves in power, that
is to say to postpone the election of Novem-
ber, 1870, the constitution has given them the
power to do so. The people of the State by
ratifying this instrument have intrusted this
tutelary authority—for such undoubtedly it was
considered in Georgia—to their present Legis-
lature for a conservative prudential purpose,
in order that this Legislature may have the
supervision and care of all the initiatory steps
in launching the government of Georgia again
into being and forming a proper connection
with the Government of the United States.
, The people who ratified this instrument fore-
's I saw that a necessity might arise for the exeiv
|i cise of this discretionary power on the partof
i' the Assembly of Georgia.
ij It is the aet of the people of that State ; it
!! is their will; it is their decree; it is their con-
!■ stitution; and the Congress of the .United
ij States in the act of June 25, 1868, with tins
11 identical constitution before them, as 1 showed
