1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Foreign Relations—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Beps.
selves great, or be content to lag behind in the
march of civilization. Helps, it is true, are
eminently desirable; but as no man with all
the helps"that the most devoted can supply can
rise to greatness without his own earnest en-
deavors, without the cooperation of his own
will and heart, so neither can a nation by the
strength of another's^ arm alone rise to the
possession of the attributes of greatness and
repose in that dignity and tranquillity which is
the result of the highest human development.
Hence, sir, I imagine we are not to make our-
selves unhappy because all nations after hav-
ing witnessed our brilliant example, our aston-
ishing progress, and our marvelous freedom
have not, at one bound, leaped from bondage
to freedom ; have not at once dethroned their
sovereigns, obliterated old institutions, and
established governments guarantying inalien-
able rights to all.
I have been induced, Mr. Speaker, to make
these prefatory remarks for the reason that I
have observed that in this country, ever since
the foundation of the Government, there has
been a manifest inclination in the popular mind
to induce Administrations, on occasions of the
uprisings of peoples struggling in the name of
liberty, to recognize them at once as entitled
to belligerent rights and to acknowledge their,
independence, and that often with precipitancy
and without adequately considering the real
character of the uprising or the duty we owe
to ourselves, the obligation we are under to
law and to other nationalities with which we
are or may be connected or surrounded. And
notwithstanding this popular outcry and this
urgency to secure dispatch on such occasions,
yet it is a noticeable fact in our history that the
Government has never in a single instance
acted hastily in such cases. With singular
good fortune we have never been embarrassed
with entangling alliances, nor have we ever
drawn upon ourselves the wrath of others by
intermeddling with affairs that were not strictly
our own; and I think there is no instance in
our past history, at least I can recall none at
present, wherein our decisions in such cases
have not met the hearty approval of our entire
people after ample opportunity has been given
for due consideration. So fierce was a pow-
erful and patriotic party in its endeavors to
force our Government into participation with
the French revolution in the early period of our
national existence, and so plausible were the
arguments that they urged, and so powerfully
did the feelings of kindred sentiments and a
sense of obligation for favors bestowed appeal
to the public sympathies that scarcely any other
than the great man who then guided our ship
of State could have successfully resisted the
popular will in this regard.
Andyet, at thisdistanceoftime, how wiseatid
far-seeing does the statesmanship appear which
guided us in those earlier years! So hasitbeen
in every similar instance in our past history; and
to-day there is no reflecting mind, no man who
loves and admires our past history, but what is
proud of the record we have made, by the jus-
tice aud moderation which we have exhibited
in our relationships to surrounding nations,
and the scrupulousness with which we have
conformed ourselves to those established prin-
ciples of international law, without regard to
which the peace of mankind could not be main-
tained. And, sir, the mightiest argument in
favor of liberal Governments, of free democ-
racies, of Governments deriving their powers
from the consent of the governed, of Govern-
ments " of the people, by the people, and forthe
people," and that which pleads most potently
m behalf of oppressed humanity and shakes
most effectually old oppressive dynasties, and
lifts aloft the hope of the world, is the sublime
attitude which our free nation has assumed in
the eye of civilized Powers. We have shown
that the largest liberty to all is compatible with
the most perfect stability and order. And
by the symmetry of our national life we have
made our institutions respected and the people
august; and in the light of our nation kings
and emperors and aristocracies are but the
small dust in the balances when weighed against
the peace and happiness of the struggling
masses, who after all constitute a nation's
wealth and strength. And it seems to me
exceedingly desirable that the same dignified
policy which has characterized this country
in its foreign relations in the past, and which
is unmistakably indicated under the present
Administration, shall continue to animate us in
the future; and so shall we, as heretofore, com-
pel the respect and admiration of mankind ;
and so shall our voice be potent when in the
course of human events it shall become our
unquestioned duty to speak or to interpose
our kind office to promote the harmony of
nations, or to advance the interests of justice,
liberty, and law.
When this Administration came into power,
on the 4th of March, 1869, there existed a civil
strife of some magnitude in one of the consid-
erable provinces of a foreign State with which
we were on terms of peace and amity. A por-
tion of the people of Cuba, it was alleged, had
renounced their allegiance to the Spanish
throne, and drawing the swor-d and throwing
away the scabbard, or in the language of my
eloquent and fascinating friend from Nevada,
"fighting like Sparticus on bended knees,"
had resolved to be free and independent or
perish in the endeavor ; and the excited multi-
tude, yielding to generous impulses, besieged
the authorities to come at once to the rescue
by awarding belligerent rights, or by immedi-
ately acknowledging the independence of Cuba
without stopping to consider the rights of the
parent State with whom we entertained friendly
relations, or the real magnitude of the struggle
in her disturbed dominions. The Government,
as we think, wisely hesitated. The people all
over this country have been looking on in
the mean time with intense interest, and as was
most natural in us, and consistent with our
views of what a people have a right to do if
downtrodden and oppressed, • have ardently
hoped that the contest might assume such pro-
portions of dignity and importance as might
justify a wise Administration in taking such
equitable and consistent action as should con-
tribute to a speedy establishment of a free
republic upon the island of Cuba; and not only,
I apprehend, was this'the sentiment of the peo-
ple, but also of the Administration itself.
I have no doubt, sir, but that it would have
been a great gratification to the Administra-
tion to have been able to find during the past
summer and fall sufficient reasons to justify
action in favor of Cuban emancipation. But,
sir, the President, in constant communication
with officials abroad competent to comprehend
the situation, has, in his opinion, not been able
to find such .reasons, and in his annual mes-
sage has so notified the country. And, sir, I
entertain not the shadow of a doubt but that
the country, the whole country, will, in a very
short time, concede, ifindeed ithas not already
done so, the wisdom of his conclusions, and
shall feel assured that our entire foreign policy
shall be so shaped under this Administration
as to assure the maintenance of our national
honor aud the perpetuation of that firmness
and dignity of demeanor which have been so
eminently characteristic under our wisest Chief
Magistrates and most successful Administra-
tions.
Notwithstanding our ardent love of liberty
and our earnest wish to see as speedily as pos-
sible republican institutions established upon
every foot of soil on this continent ; notwith-
standing our unbounded sympathy in behalf
of all nationalities struggling to enlarge the
boundaries of human freedom, it certainly can-
notbe expected that we shall so far forget our
propriety and dignity as not to discriminate
between rebellious subjects, insurgents, and
revolutionists, and hold ourselves bound sim-
ply because we are liberty-loving, to invest
with the attributes of nationalityand to award
the rights of belligerents to any and all minute
factions that may without mature preparation
and a wise concert of action, or without a rea-
sonable hope of maintaining their own course,
put themselves in antagonism to the Govern-
ments under which they live. Such a course
this Government can never enter upon till it
has forgotten its high character and forfeited
its self-respect. That such a case exists any-
where at the present time as to justify our
immediate interposition, whether there is at
present near our borders struggling for free-
dom a people who have assumed such import-
ance as to constitute a nationality de facto is
a question of facts which presently we shall
examine.
Hasty and indiscriminate action in such cases
is ever to be deprecated, as it would tend to
unsettle for slight and trivial causes under
any and all forms of government, however
liberal, existing order and harmony. That
revolution is a very serious undertaking; that
for a people to throw off the allegiance they
owe to one form of government and establish
a new one is to be considered a work of im-
mense magnitude; that governments do not
readily yield up any the smallest of their pos-
sessions, or without the most vigorous resistance
submit to disintegration, are considerations to
be firmly cherished as indispensable to the
permanancy of any Government; and hence
the nation that encourages revolution without
the knowledge of most adequate existing causes
commits, in my humble estimation, an egre-
gious blunder; and should it become charac-
teristic of a nation, she need not be surprised
to find in a short time the foundations of her
own fabric beginning to crumble. I make
these general remarks here, however, Mr.
Speaker, appropriate as it seems to me they
must be considered, without reference to any
immediately pending struggle.
Again, sir, there may be deep seriousness and
purity of purpose and. a lofty patriotism, and
yet there may be at the same time a want of
that magnitude of proportions which justifies
the hope that in any event the struggling people
can assume and maintain a distinct and inde-
pendent nationality. And again, it ought to be
known that in any province or separate terri-
tory involved in a revolution the leaders of the
movement have with them, in heart and sympa-
thy, the majority of the people; or else they,
their aiders and abettors, maybe, after all, in-
volved in the glaring inconsistency of forcing
upon the majority a state of things which they
deeply deplore.
Now, Mr. Speaker, all these just and highly
important conditions may possibly exist upon
the island of Cuba. 1 should rejoice to know
that it were so ; the people of this whole coun-
try would rejoice, it would be gratifying, I
have no manner of doubt, to the Administra-
tion ; but to me it seems that the proof is want-
ing. Statements, sir, of ardent friends cannot
change existing facts; our wishes merelyandour
sympathies can neither magnify nor minify
the existing situation. Whether it is a pigmy
or a giant, whether it is an insurrection or a
revolution, promising much or little to Cuba,
must be settled by facts, not by magnificent
orations. And now, sir, to the consideration
of some of the facts as we find them. The
insurrection first broke out in the district of
Yara on the 10th of October, 1868, a little
more than one year ago, and at that time the
i insurgents numbered but about one hundred
! and twenty men, and these almost entirely
without arms; and while, however, within a
, few days the movement spread to neighboring
