1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3909
amendment I have suggested. I only do so
^because I consider that while crimes of vio-
lence are those that may disturb a community
very much, yet after all they are not those that
"undermine a community. Theft is a mean
■offense which will destroy all property. Mis-
demeanor in the shape of violence simply can
be checked by the strong arm.
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to inquire of the
Senator if I understand him to say that all lar-
cenies are to be ranked as infamous, however
small may be the amount of the property
involved.
Mr. BAYARD. My opinion is that all lar-
cenies arc felonies, whether grand or petty,
unless you make them distinctly otherwise by
statute, and that statute be regarded as simply
declaratory ; but if you leave it to the defini-
tion which the law has given to larceny, it is a
felony. At one time in England larcenies of
all descriptions were punishable by death.
Then they chose to mitigate that by declaring
that larcenies of property of small amount
should be called petit larcenies ; and the others
above a certain number of shillings were called
grand larcenies, but both were felonies; and
unless there is some definition prescribed you
will have an offense here that may be worse to
most good men than acts of violence tried
before a justice or a policc judge without the
indictment of a grand jury and without the
intervention of trial by jury. I submit that a
larceny is too serious an offense to be treated
in this way. It is really an infamous offense
in every meaning of the law.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 would be glad to meet pre-
cisely the objection which the Senator raises ;
but'one grand object of this bill is to remove
from the supreme court of the District a very
large number of cases which are nothing but
petty larcenies. It does seem to me remark-
able that the supreme court of this District
should have had for so long a time original
jurisdiction of all these petty offenses ; and it
is one of the leading objects of this bill to be
rid of that very thing.
Now, I would inquire if the suggestion made
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky will
not meet this case, so that we may accomplish
both objects; keep those small cases out of the
supreme court, relieve the supreme court of
these things, and give to each man, if he de-
sires it, a trial by jury, where the Constitution
requires it.
Mr. BAYARD. I will say to inyhonorable
friend from Maine, that it so happens that in
my life I have several times seen persons of
tender age, or persons that were foreigners,
ignorant of our laws and our language, ar-
> signed, perhaps through malice, to answer for
tin offense that stained them through life by a
conviction, and which they never could recover
jrom, either in their own self-respect or the
respect of others. It is, perhaps, thinking of
these things that has made me more careful of
the rights of others, and anxious that they
should come before a court and jury when
charged with an offense which is^ierseinfamous.
Now, the matter here of limiting the theft
to the value of thirty-five dollars would not
precisely answer. The phraseology used is
that which applies to infamous crimes ; but if
the amendment of my friend from Kentucky
can answer the description and prevent the
exclusion of these persons from all the safe-
guards which an indictment by a grand jury
and a trial by jury give to persons accused, of
so terrible an offense as this would imply, I
should be satisfied with it. I throw it out now
as a guard for innocence, which I consider oar
law is made for, just as much as for the pun-
ishment of guilt. If that will answer, I will
ask that the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky be reported, and I shall withdraw
a,ll opposition.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky state his amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. It is simply a proviso that all
persons proceeded against in the court that is
about to be organized, who might by the Con-
stitution be entitled to have the benefit of trial
by jury, shall at their option have such right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses that the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky would apply to the third section by
way of proviso at the end of the section.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, on the whole, the
first suggestion made by the Senator from
Delaware is preferable: to strike out "lar-
cenies," and insert " misdemeanors." Ithink
that may cover it, although I have a little
doubt.
Mr. BAYARD. Every court could make
that definition.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; strike out the
word "larcenies" andinsert "misdemeanors."
That will obviate the necessity of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. There are one or two amend-
ments proposed by the committee that ought
to be acted on.
Mr. VICKERS. I was going to say that
the word "misdemeanors" is at present in
the tenth line of the first section, so that it is
not necessary to insert that word again. It
would be better to strike out from the word
"larcenies," in the eighth line, to the word
"dollars," in the tenth line, and then youhave
there the words " other misdemeanors."
Mr. BAYARD. That is true.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine accept the amendment in that
sli<vpc
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land to the amendment of the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Sir. VICK15RS. My amendment is to strike
out the words " larcenies wherein the value of
the property stolen shall be less than thirty-five
dollars so as to read, " of all simple assaults
and batteries and all other misdemeanors not
punishable by imprisonment in the peniten-
tiary," as the description of offenses of which
this police court shall have jurisdiction.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. In the first section lines
fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen now
provide that these two judges "shall be men
learned in the lav/, and who shall be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and
with the consent of the Senate, and shall hold
their offices during good behavior." I move
to strike out "during good behavior" and
insert " for the term of six years."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. In section eighteen, line
five, after the word " cases," I moveto insert
" and in all cases where a justice of the peace
is authorized to do so."
Mr. TRUMBULL. They administer all
oaths.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is precisely what I want
to effect: the district attorney is often applied
to to certify to the competency of sureties ; but
he cannot administer an oath, even to a witness.
It seems remarkable that it should be so, but
witnesses have to be marched out of the grand-
jury room into the court-room to have the oath
administered to them. This section provides
for that, and the amendment goes a step fur-
ther and authorizes him to administer an oath
to any one. I can see no earthly objection to
it, and he is in the daily want of that power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not a usual thing,
as far as my knowledge of practice extends,
for district attorneys to administer oaths. They
never administer an oath in my State.
Mr. HAMLIN. In my State always.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ The foreman of the
grand jury swears the witnesses, or else the wit-
nesses are brought into court and sworn and
then sent before the grand jury. Both prac-
tices have obtained, but I have never known
the district attorneys to administer oaths.
Mr. BAYARD. It is always done, I believe,
in the practice 1 am familiar with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any objection to it.
Mr. DAVIS. The practice in our courts is
entirely in accord with the practice in Illinois,
the State of the Senator over the way, [Mr.
Tuomboll.]
Mr. HAMLIN. _ There can be no objection
to the practice which prevails in my Stale, and
which the Senator from Delaware says prevails
in his.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an amendment
which I will submit to the honorable chairman.
In line two, section five, there is a delegation
to the clerk of this court of the power to ap-
point " one or more deputies, with the consent
of the court, if the business shall require it, to
be paid such compensation as may be allowed
by the court, not exceeding $1,000 per annum
each." I respectfully submit that in a court
of this character one clerk, or certainly one
clerk and a single deputy, will be ample, in
all reason, to do the business of this court.
This section leaves open the appointment of
deputies ad libitum at §1,000 each ; and I sub-
mit to my honorable friend that a single dep-
uty is ample, and I am inclined to think rather
more than the business of this court will re-
quire. I therefore move to amend by striking
out after the word "one," in the fifth line, the
words "or more deputies," andinserting "dep-
uty;" so as to read, "he may appoint one
deputy, with the consent of the court, if the
business shall require it, to be paid such com-
pensation as may be allowed by the court, not
exceeding §1,000 per annum:" and also by
striking out the word " each" at the end of
the clause. The intent of the amendment is
to restrict the power of delegation to a single
deputy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. There should be a change
in line twelve, where it reads "either of his
deputies."
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, it should be amended
to read " his deputy may administer."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another amend-
ment which the committee propose : in section
twelve, line six, to strike out all after the word
"government," and insert in lieu thereof
"and the fees charged for such service shall
be paid to the proper authorities, as provided
in the fifteenth section of this act."
The bill, as reported, provided that oaths
should be administered to parties who might
apply to the court to certify the competency of
bondsmen or anything else, and no fee should
be charged. We thought on the whole it was
wise that the party applying for that oath anil
certificate should pay the fee, and that the fee
should go into the Treasury. That is all there
is of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment to this
bill in the form of an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That if at any rleetion
hereafter heid m the District of Columbia any par-
son shall knowingly personate and vote, or attempt
to vote, in tlio name of any other person, whether
living, dead, or fictitious, or voto more than once tit
the same election for any candidate for the fame
office, or vote at a place where he may not ^en-
titled. to vote, or vote without having- a lawtul ri^hr,
to vote, or do any unlawful act to secure a right or
opportunity to vote tor himself or any other person,
or by force, threat, menace, or intimidation, nriocr} 
reward, or offer, or promise thereof, orotherwisc un-
lawfully prevent any Qualified voter of the Distrie^
of Columbia from freely exorcisms the right ol sul-
fracre, or by any such means induce any voter to re-
fuse to exercise such right, or compel, or induce, by
