2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March: 17,
yesterday, declared this constitution and the
whole of it, including this discretionary clause,
to be republican. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] yesterday put mo
the inquiry how far that preamble of the act of
'1868 was binding upon the present Congress or
upon certain members of the present Congress.
It is as far binding as any recital of a fact or
an opinion or an admission can be; and the
honorable Senator surely is no stranger to that
preamble. He cannot plead ignorance of that
preamble. He cannot ask to be excused from
its operation and effect, nor can the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
for the very bill before us—1 call the attention
of my honorable friend from Wisconsin to it,
and also the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary—admits the same
fact; that is to say that this constitution of
Georgia is republican. Let me read from it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. HOWARD. Iu one moment. The bill
reads:
Whereas tlio people of Georgia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government—
That is this constitution before us—
which is republican.
Here in this preamble we have the admis-
sion c5f my honorable friend from Wisconsin
and the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary uud all the members of that excel-
lent committee, who reported this bill back to
us, that this constitution before us, which, as
I think, admits of no other construction than
that which I have given it, is republican. Now
1 will listen to the Senator's question.
Mr. CARPENTER. I f tfie Senator will per-
mit me, 1 call his attention to the fact that the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, in report-
ing the hill, stated that there were many things
in the bill which did not meet the approbation
of the Judiciary Committee, but that after the
debates upon similar bills for the admission
of Virginia and Mississippi, the Judiciary Com-
mittee thought it better to report the bill back
and let the debate take place in this body.
The Senator certainly understood the chair-
man to say that the Judiciary Committee did
not concur in many provisions of that bill.
And while I am un my feet I should like to
ask the Senator for information, whether the
attention of tlio Senate was directed to this
provision of the Constitution at the time that
act was passed which recited it to be a repub-
lican form of government? I understand in the
Judiciary Committee that the attention of that
committee has never before been called to that
provision.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from Mich-
igan will allow me, as ho refers to members
of the Judiciary Committee as evidence for
what appears in this bill, I may state to him
that theJudiciaryCommitt.ee has never agreed,
nor so far as I know any member of it, that
the Georgia constitution is republican with the
construction that the Senator puts upon it.
With the construction put upon it as stated by
the chairman of the committee, the committee
would perhaps say that it was republican; I
know of no reason why we should not; but
with the interpretation put upon that constitu-
tion by the Senator from Michigan, I know of
no member of the Judiciary Committee who
says it is a republican form of government.
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to the question
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, I
cannot say in my place here in 1870 whether
these particular clauses of the constitution and
the ordinance connected with it were made sub-
jects of consideration or not; I do not remem-
ber whether they were or not. We had the con-
stitution of Georgia before us; every member
was furnished with a copy, according to my
recollection; and surely in so grave and im-
portant a matter as the reconstruction and
ieadmission of Georgia into the Union this
'body had a light to expect that its Judiciary
Committee would give especial attention to the
new constitution of that State ; and if there was
anything in it that was anti-republican they cer-
tainly ought to have called it to the attention
of the Senate. Certainly they ought not to
have reported back here a bill declaring the
constitution of Georgia to bo republican when
in one of its vital clauses, its most important
provision, it was anti-republican, and there-
fore obnoxious to that clause of the Constitu-
tion of the United States which declares that
Congress shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government.
There were men upon that committee, let
me say, somewhat remarkable for perspica-
city. There was surely one gentleman upon
that committee whose observation would not
have been escaped by this clause if it bore any
such meaning, or if he thought it did. It is
sufficient, however, for my purpose to say that
this constitution must be supposed to have
been carefully inspected by that committee as
well as by the Senate. My opinion is that
that constitution gives to the present Legisla-
ture the right to extend its term of office if
they see fit to take the responsibility of doing
so under the circumstances.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator per-
mit me to interrupt him one moment further?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 want his opinion
upon his construction of that constitution which
] concur in. With that construction does the
Senator from Michigan hold that to be a repub-
lican form of government; because I take it
Congress having declared it so will not make
it so unless that is the fact?
Mr. HOWARD. That is a very different,
thing, I agree.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you think?
Mr. HOWARD. I am asked what I think
about the republican character of this consti-
tution if the construction which I have given
to it be a correct one. I cannot say that it
would be anti-republican. Why? Because it
has been framed by representatives of the peo-
ple duly elected according to our reconstruc
tion laws, sitting in convention, deliberating
upon all the clauses of the instrument, and
passing upon each.
It lias not only undergone that ordeal and
received the approval of the convention thus
elected and constituted, but has been discussed
thoroughly beyond all doubt by the leading
minds and iu the leading journals of Georgia.
It must, therefore, be presumed to have been
well understood by the whole people of that
State; and the people of the State afterward
voted, by an overwhelming majority, to ratify
and confirm this instrument aud to make it
their fundamental law, their constitution, giv-
ing, as I think, to the first Legislature—yes,
sir, to all Legislatures, if they shall see fit to
exercise it—a discretionary power to post-
pone elections in the State for any prudential
leasous that may influence them, and enabling
the existing Legislature to hold on upon their
terms until their successors shall be elected
and qualified. I cannot declare that to be an
anti-republican constitution. I do not think
the phrase applies to such a state of facts.
Suppose that instead of giving to the Legis-
lature this discretion, withoutlimifcas to time—
for I do not see any limitation as to time in the
instrument—the convention of Georgia had so
framed their constitution as to enable the mem-
bers of the two houses to hold for ten years ;
certainly no member of this body would declare
such a constitution to be anti-republican if the
people of Georgia adopted it and wished to live
under it. At what period of time does the
tenure of office become anti-republican? Not
at the end of two years ; not at the end of four,
or six, or eight, or ten years, if the people of
the State a.gree to it; perhaps I might carry it
even as far as twenty years, if the people them-
selves were content with such a constitution.
If it is agreeable to the people, if it be such
an instrument as they think when they vote
upon it will conserve their safely and promote
their prosperity, I do not know why it should
be called anti-republican.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose they should think
a king would promote their prosperity?
Mr. HOWARD. That is a very different
thing.  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, call it a government
for life.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a very different
thing. The difference is that in a despotic
Government there is no representation by the
people atall; theyelect no representatives who
participate in the making of laws. The laws
are made by the sovereign. They are his edicts,
his decrees; and there can be no laws without
his sanction. A representation iu a monarch-
ical Government, unless the representatives
have power to make laws in spite of the sov-
ereign, can hardly be called republican.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
another question?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose, let me ask the
Senator by his permission, that this constitu-
tion had provided, to say nothing about a king,
that the members of both houses of their Legis-
lature should be elected for life, would that
have been a republican constitution?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it is not
very easy to determine where the character of a
Government begins to be republican and where
it ends. The honorable Senator knows as well
as I do what is meant by the word '' republican''
in the Constitution of the United States. Cer-
tainly in many of the old States the Governor
held for several years, and I think in several of
them the representatives and senators held for a
considerable period of time longer than what is
customary now, and still they were all regarded
as republican governments. In a general sense,
a republican government is a government in
which the laws of the community are made
by their representatives, freely chosen by the
people; and it is impossible, in my judgment,
to give to the word "republican" any more
exact or precise meaning than that. There is
no particular standard that I ain aware of that
can be set up as the test by which the govern-
ment ot a State of the Union can be tried to
ascertain whether it be republican or not. It
is popular government; it is the voice of the
people expressed through their Representa-
tives.
Mr. SCHUliZ. May I put to the Senator a
simple question in relation to his reply to the
Senator from Vermont?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator believe
that a government is republican in form which
is enabled by its constitution to continue its
own power arbitrarily and on its own terms ?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I said
before, the people themselves give this author-
ity, if it exists. It is their votes that confer
this discretionary power upon their represent-
atives ; and how can the people, having thus
imparted this discretionary power to continue
in their places for an indefinite length of time,
if j"ou please, turn arouud and complain that
their government is not republican, unless we
set up as the standard of republican govern-
ment something arbitrary, something unknown
and as yet utterly unrecognized as the proper
test?
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator who
is the final judge as to what constitutes a repub-
lican State government, the people of the State
or the Government of the United States?
Mr. HOWARD, I do not see that that lias
much to do with my argument. I have been
talking, and I suppose other gentlemen have
been talking about the true, real character of
a republican government, not as to who should
be the judge of it. That is a very diffex'ent
ouestion
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Missouri
asked the Senator from Michigan whether a
State government, the constitution of which
authorized the tribunals to continue their
