2966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; X rose to speak on
the motion just made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the motion is debat-
able I call for the previous question on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was on the floor
before the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] called the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are motions to ex-
cuse debatable?
The SPEAKER. Yes; motions to excuse
are debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I had not taken my seat, and if the
question is debatable I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin to retain
the floor.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] was sick on Friday night he
ought to be excused. But the gentleman from
Ohio, in justifying himself because of his sick-
ness on that night, has unnecessarily arraigned
others for being absent the night before. He
undertakes to say that he abandoned the busi-
ness of the night before because I was not
present. Now, in the first place, there was no
more reason why I should be present than any
other man. As I have already stated, I had
not the charge of the bill pending. I was not
in favor of the pending bill, but was opposed
to it. I had no more to do with that bill than
any other member. But, though not present
in the Hall, I was present on the ground. And
why, Mr. Speaker, have we introduced these
proceedings here ? Why have we attempted to
induce members to be present here? We tried
on Thursday night to have a meeting for the
transaction of business and failed. We tried
it again on Friday night and failed. And, sir,
when gentleman say 
Mr. NEGLEY. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that it is not within the prov-
ince of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
11 lecture this House. There has been a resolu-
tion adopted imposing fines on those who were
absent, and if they chooso to submit to it I do
not think it is proper for the gentleman to
remark further on their conduct.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will, of course, exercise proper discre-
tion in the remarks he is making.
Mr. DAWES. I am endeavoring to speak
with discretion and propriety.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I think the debate should be con-
fined to the motion to excuse the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr, Morgan.]
The SPEAKER. That is the question
before the House.
Mr. DAWES. It is upon that question that
I propose to speak. Of conrse if I am not in
order I will sit down. I will not trouble the
House by forcing any remarks upon them. But
I submit to the House whether anything unrea-
sonable or improper has been done in attempt-
ing to force the attendance of members upon
the sessions of the House. That is the ques-
tion, and upon that I desire to address the
. House. I nope the House will vote with that
question before their eyes. The attention of
the country has been attracted to the manner
in which we_ have been transacting business
here, and it is proper for us 
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. General remarks on the
attendance of members, of course, are not in
. order on the question of excusing an individ-
ual member.
Mr. STEVENSON. That was the point
I intended to raise.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] retaining the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to say simply
.fth&t I shall vote against the motion to excuse
- my colleague, [Mr. Morgan,] for the reason
which he has given. The reason assigned by
my colle ague is that members of the House
behaved so badly, and were so inattentive on
Thursday evening, that therefore it would
not be proper to hold those to account who
were absent on Friday evening. That is what
j it amounts to. I think, in plain English.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not ask to be excused.
' Mr. SCHENCK. I know my colleague
| does not; but somebody has made the motion
|! which my colleague very properly has not
i asked.
!> Mr. MORGAN. I will vote to excuse you.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, I know that ray col-
i league is one of the most attentive and laborious
i1 members that we have. I say this in all good
faith. The gentleman is as seldom away from
his post as any one on either side of the House.
But still the rules are made for general appli
; cation. If when I was away on Thursday
\ evening there had been a call of the House, and
11 I had been called upon for an excuse, I admit
'! I should have had none to make. I went away
; for the purpose of recreation. True, it was the
,i only day on which I have indulged myself in
1 that manner, and gentlemen know the peculiar
j circumstances, during the whole session. It so
11 happens that my colleague, ordinarily very at-
tentive, ordinarily very punctually in his place,
was one of those away on Friday evening, and
that was the case with a good many of the most
attentive and diligent members of this House.
They happened to be caught. But, then, what
is the reason of the thing involved in it all?
Are we to excuse everybody that happens to be
away when the rule of the House is enforced
because there have been carelessness and neg-
ligence on former occasions?
The fact is that the failure to get any meet-
ing, the failure to have more than ten or fifteen
members present, as was the case, I believe, on
Thursday evening, the failure a number of times
to get evening meetings, impre'ssed the House
finally with the idea that it was necessary to
begin to enforce our rules; and the rules being
enforced I suppose that every excuse must stand
upon its own merits, no matter who may hap-
pen to be caught. So far from its being a rea-
son why there should have been no call on Friday
night that everybody was absent on Thursday
night, the fact that we were all so negligent
on Thursday night was a good reason for the call
on Friday night, and will continue to be a good
reason for calls of the House until we all learn
to be more diligent and generally punctual in
attendance in our places. There must be a
beginning at some time. The beginning hap-
pened to be made when it was. It caught
some of the most industrious members of the
House and others not so industrious. Every-
body knows that there can be no personal feel-
ing about it. The only question is, whether we
shall ever enforce our rules or whether we will
give up the attempt?
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I resume the floor.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will the gentle-
man yield to me?
Mr. DAWES. I feel as if I ought to yield
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. I do not ask the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. Then I yield to the gentle-
man from Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I
am opposed to the motion to excuse the gentle-
man from Ohio [MrJ MorgakJ because I under-
stand that he does not ask this action on the
part of the House. I have had the honor tQ
occupy a seat upon this floor since the com-
mencement of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. Daring all that time, with the
exception of a few days on one occasion when
I was extremely unwell, I have never been
absent from the House when in Washington,
except in a few instances to transact business
for my constituents with the Departments. I
have never during those five years of service
upon this floor been absent from the Capitol
bat on two occasions, once to attend a meeting
Of the Republican State central committee of
my State, of which I was chairman.
Mr. CALKIN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. CALKIN. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] has
already been brought before the House and
fined for being absent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is upon
the floor by leave of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] npon the motion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
to excuse the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mor-
gan] for having been absent from the session
of the House on Friday last.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. As I was saving,
I was absent to attend a meeting of the Repub-
lican State central committee 
Mr. WILLARD. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WILLARD. My point of order is that
the gentleman must confine himself to the sub-
ject under consideration, which is the motion
to excuse the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. If I am obliged
to confine myself strictly to the question before
the House I will say that I am opposed to
excusing the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] not because it is not his custom to attend
strictly to the business of the House, for I
believe there is no member, with the exception
of myself, who more promptly attends the ses-
sion of the House and attends to its business
more diligently 
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. BENTON. My point is that it is not
in order for the gentleman to stand up here
and advertise how punctual he has been in
attending the sessions of the House wheiuthe
question under consideration is whether the
House will or will not excuse a member for
non-attendance on a particular occasion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
felled to rule that the gentleman from Kansas
Mr. CLiitKE] is out of ofder unless he shall
confine his remarks to the pending question.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] as I was saying,
does not desire to be excused; he does not ask
this favor of the House. Those of us who the
other evening were within a few minutes' walk
of the doors of this House when they were
closed were called up before the House and
publicly fined for being delinquent on account
of the most extraordinary manner in which a
most extraordinary diligence was exhibited by
some gentlemen here to make it appear that a
few of us are not in the habit .of attending
regularly the sessions of the House.
A Member. A spasmodic effort.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Yes, spasmodic.
This spasmodic effort 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is clearly
not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I will resnme the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
pelled to hold the debate strictly to the reso-
lution.
Mr. DAWES. I will move to- lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say a word on
the resolution itself.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will withdraw the
motion to lay the resolution on the table, and
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelmst.]
Mr. KELLEY. The argument for this mo-
tion is based upon the fact that the gentleman
washere on Thursday night. Now, I think it
due to history that it should be said that no
gentleman is entitled to any particular credit
for having been here on Thursday night. The
momentthe hour arrived when the House could
be called to order on Thursday night it was
