391G
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
any such means or otherwise, any officer of any ©lec-
tion in said district to receive a vote from a person
not legally qualified or entitled to vote, or interfere
in any manner with any officer of said elections in
the discharge of his duty, or by any of such means or
other unlawful means, induce any officer of an elec-
tion, or officer whose duty it is to ascertain, an-
nounce, or declare the result of any such election, or
give or make any certificate, document, or evidence
in relation thereto, to violate or refuse to comply
with bis duty or any law regulating the same, or
knowingly and willfully receive the vote of any per-
son not entitled to vote, 01* refuse to receivethe vote
of any person entitled to vote, or aid, counsel, pro-
cure, or advise anysuch voter, person, or officertodo
any act hereby made a crime, or omit to do any act
the omission of which is hereby made a crime, or at-
tempt to do so, every such person shall be deemed
guilty of a crime, and shall for such crime be liable
to prosecution in any court of the United States of
competent jurisdiction, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding 8500, or by
imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years,
or both, in the discretion of the court, and shall pay
the costs of prosecution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not a word of objec-
tion to that amendment; but there is another
bill which I propose to call up very soon,
which is to create a government for the Dis-
trict, on which it would more appropriately
com*. Still, if the Senator prefers that it shall
go on here I shall not object.
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer that the section should
be attached to this bill. I think that it is en-
tirely germane, and that Congress has unques-
tionably jurisdiction over the subject-matter of
the section which is proposed.
Mr. CARPENTER, it belongs more appro-
priately on the other bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, as it is a matter of
entire indifference to my friend from Maine
whether the section be ingrafted on the pres-
ent bill or goes on another, and the Senator
from Kentucky prefers to put it on the pres-
ent bill, whether there should not be a clause
giving jurisdiction of all these offenses to the
police court created by this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer that a higher court
than this police court should have jurisdiction
of the offenses that are created by this section.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I think it had better
go on the bill relating to the District generally.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am sure it will be more
appropriate on the other bill.
Mr. DAVIS. We now have an opportunity
to incorporate the proposition which I have
made in a bill; we may never have that op-
portunity again. Life itself is uncertain, and
human legislation is very uncertain.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am going to call up the
other bill this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other bill
has already been taken up and passed over.
Mr. HAMLIN. Informally. It is certainly
more appropriate on the other bill.
Mr. DAVIS. If we are to have an imme-
diate opportunity I shall not press it here.
Mr. HAMLIN. I assure the Senator that I
will cooperate with him for the opportunity
and for his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I withdraw it now.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a mere verbal
correction necessary in section fourteen. The
word "clerks," in the third line, should be
"clerk," I think, in order to agree with the
amendments already made.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes; make it read in the
singularnumberinthatclause," deputy clerk."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
corrected.^rhe question is on the amendment
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. BAYARD. We have been considering
to day the question of salaries in this District;
and I think there has been a proper advance
in judicial salaries; but here, at section seven-
teen, is a proposition to pay tho district attor-
ney $6,000 per annum; and I observe that the
adjective "personal," at line thirty-seven of
section seventeen, is introduced. I ask my
honorable friend from Maine whether this
provision for a compensation of $6,000 per
annum is to apply to the district attorney in-
dividually, and to leave the remuneration of
all his deputies at large ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Does he have an^ dep-
uties by this bill?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes; it is provided by the
same section ; and that is what struck me in
reading it.
Mr. CARPENTER. The section reads :
It shall not be lawful for the Attorney General of
the United States to allow any compensation to
the United States attorney for the said District of
Columbia for any permanent assistant or deputy.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me state in a word
what has been the practice heretofore. The
district attorney has received his compensa-
tion from the Treasury of the United States
heretofore, and it has been, I think, $6,000.
This limits him to $6,000; and out of the fees
which accrue, if he has deputies, those deputies
are to be paid ; and if there is anything still
left it goes into the city treasury. This police
court is to be supported by the city govern-
ment, and that portion of the court,' or the
officers of the court enumerated in this bill,
who have been previously paid by the General
Government will now be paid by the city.
There have been twelve police justices, who
have received from the Treasury of the United
States an annual compensation of $1,200 a
year. That is all cut off, and this is a court
which is made to depend upon its fees or upon
the city for support, relieving the Government
entirely. It does allow the district attorney
$6,000 for his own compensation. It takes
out of the fees what he pays to his deputies,
and if there be any left that amount goes into
the treasury. That is the way the bill stands.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, as I understand,
according to this bill, although it is true that
the district attorney may not reserve for him-
self a salary of more than $6,000 per annum
out of the fees of his office, yet the entire
amount of the fees in excess of that sum of
$6,000 may be paid by him to such per-
sons as he may deputize. Now, I do not
see the precise saving to the people of this
District or the Government, whether the fees
shall go to a single individual, or whether they
shall be distributed among a number of hold-
ers of mere sinecure offices; for such they
would be. There is certainly no economy in
that. Should the fees of the district attorney
under this bill amount to $50,000, while it is
true that the district attorney would receive
but $6,000, yet the other $44,000 could be
paid by him to persons ex gratia entirely, who
should hold these positions as sinecures. I
think there should certainly be some language
inserted in the bill to remedy that. I submit
to the honorable Senator from Maine that some
guards should be put upon it. Now, here in
line twelve_ of the seventeenth section I find
the restriction of the payment of compensa-
tion to the United States attorney for this
district is "for any permanent assistant or
deputy." What is meant by "permanent
assistant or deputy?" Does it mean that he
shall pay any temporary assistant or deputy,
but not a permanent one? I take it, then, the
temporary employment would be found to be
more profitable than the permanent. There-
fore, as preliminary to this matter of restric-
tions of the meaning of this act, I would move
to amend that section in line twelve by strik-
ing out the word " permanent."
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that it would be better to go below that
line, down to line seventeen, and to strike out
the words "any assistant or assistants, deputy
or deputies employed by him, and also his
clerk hire." Then the section would read:
But said attorney for said district shall hereafter
pay for his office rent, fuel, stationery, and other
incidental expenses out of the fees of his office.
Mr. BAYARD. That would embrace prob-
ably more, and I would prefer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware move the amendment in
that shape?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. This district attorney should
have at least one deputy. To meet the objec-
tion which the Senator from Delaware raises,
you may limit the amount to be paid to that
deputy; but certainly there should be at least
one. I think there should be some right to
appoint a temporary deputy at other times, in
capital cases, or something like that, where if,
may be found very necessary that there shall
be associate counsel. I think he should at
least have one deputy, limited, perhaps, to
$2,500, and a temporary deputy with such
compensation as the court shall direct. Will
that satisfy the Senator ?
Mr. BAYARD. I think that is a step in the
right direction. I think the langpage should
be considered in which this thing is done. I
think the deputy of the district attorney for
this District would be well paid by a less sum
than $2,500; and if the district attorney is
to employ assistants in other cases, I think
it should be limited to strictly capital cases,
although I am not aware that the criminal jus-
tice of this District would more than occupy
the time of two competent men—that is, the
district attorney and his deputy. I withdraw
the amendment that I offered for the purpose
of allowing the Senator from Wisconsin to
move one which he has prepared.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to strike out,
in lines seventeen and eighteen of section sev-
enteen, the words "any assistant or assistants,
deputy or deputies employed by him, and also
his elerk hire," and to insert instead thereof
"to a deputy or deputies, not exceeding $2*500
per annum that is, if he has one or two in a
particular case, the whole expense for depu-
ties in any one year can only be $2,500.
Mr. BAYARD. In the whole.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, I will say "in
all, $2,500."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, let the section
be read as amended, commencing at line six-
teen.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
But said attorney for said District shall hereafter
pay to a deputy or deputies not exceeding in all
§2,500 per annum, and his ollice rent, fuel, stationery,
printing, and other incidental expenses out of the
fees of his office.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is right.
Mr. BOREMAN. I rise to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee, whether it
is necessary to have two judges of this court.
There are cities in this country having over
three hundred thousand inhabitants that have
but one criminal court trying all these offenses,
felonies, misdemeanors, and everything of that
character. There have been four judges here
transacting all the civil and criminal business
in the District. Now, it is proposed to create
two new judges simply to try these smaller
offenses. It seems to me one judge could do
all this business. The committee, however, no
doubt, have considered the subject. The city
of Baltimore, with three hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, has but one criminal court,'
trying all felonies, all misdemeanors, and every-
thing of that character. I do not see the
necessity of having more than one judge of
this court.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know what is the
organization of the courts in Baltimore; but I
am quite sure it they have but one court there
of the description named by the Senator from-
West Virginia they have behind th'at court
somewhere another corps of officers who are
authorized to make preliminary examinations,
to bind over, and to do that which would be
antecedent to a trial in court. Now you have
