1870.
THE 0 OJSTGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2023
existence during their good pleasure was repub-
lican, and the Senator replied, "If the people
approved of that form of government what right
had they to complain ?'' And in reply to that
suggestion I asked him who was the final judge
of what form of government was republican ;
whether it was the people of the State or the
Government of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I suppose,
as the Senator from Wisconsin is anxious to
get my opinion on that point, that technically
and legally speaking, speaking with reference
to the judgment of the Supreme Court of the
United States on analogous subjects, the Con-
gress of the United States would be the final
and absolute judge as to what was a republican
form of government of a State in the Union.
I suppose there can be no doubt about that,
because the power is given, the duty is imposed
to guaranty a republican government in each
State. Who is to judge finally, in the end, as
to the republican character of a State govern-
ment? Plainly Congress, to whom the power
has been granted, and they are to take such
means to cure any evil that may exist in this
respect as they may see lit. I admit all that;
there is no controversy about that.
Mr. HOWE. That is no answer to my
question. .
Mr. HOWARD. I was not answering the
Senator's question at that time. I made that
remark before he put his question, so that I
could not very well have intended it as an
answer to a question which was not put.
Now, sir, as I said before, I suppose that the
convention had in mind prudential consider-
ations ; that they apprehended that during the
initiation of the government of Georgia there
might be turbulence and trouble, disorder, dis-
obedience to law, and they therefore saw fit to
give to the Legislature the power to continue
its own authority at its discretion, if you please,
with a view to guard against those same dan-
gers ; and I think that the convention was wise
in doing so. I have no hesitation in stating
this, and that the future will demonstrate it.
I think to day that if the power of this existing
Legislature should cease and a new one should
be elected by the secession element in Georgia
a state of things would arise there that would
be horrible to contemplate. I believe that
outrage upon outrage would be committed upon
Union men, white and black ; that there would
be no such thing as justice to Union men in
that State. I believe that the convention
foresaw these difficulties and dangers, and that
they gave this discretionary authority to the
Legislature of Georgia, to be used as they should
see fit, for the very purpose of averting those
dangers and preventing the evils they foresaw.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my friend permit me
to ask another question, merely for informa-
tion?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. SOHURZ. The Senator stated some
time ago that when the constitution was sub-
mitted to the people of Georgia for ratifica-
tion it was fully discussed by the public men
as well as by the leading papers of that State.
Mr. HOWARD. I said we had a right to
presume that it was, for such instruments are
always discussed before theyare finally passed
upon. I do not suppose the people of Geor-
gia acted in utter ignorance of the contents of
their constitution before they ratified it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to ask the Sen-
ator if he lias any information as to whether
this point, the authority of the Legislature to
continue its own powers, was discusscd at the
time?
Mr. HOWARD. I am not aware that the
point was ever raised. I will state just here,
Mr. President, that it appears to be the object
of the Judiciary Committee in the clause which
I last read from the bill, to guard against an
anticipated danger; and if I understand the
chairman of that committee correctly he stated
that the Assembly of Georgia had already taken
such action upon this subject as would.perpet-
uate its power or continue the members in
their seats. If I misunderstood the Senator
I wish he would correct me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand they have
taken such steps as show that they mean to
continue themselves in power.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator
in that way. I feel authorized to state, how-
ever, that there is no foundation whatever for
this apprehension expressed by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary; that the
Assembly of Georgia have passed no such act;
that no such proposition has been made in the
Assembly. What they may do I shall not
undertake to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Michigan if ha undertakes
to say that they do not intend to perpetuate
themselves ?
Mr. HOWARD. That is not what I said.
What I said was this—and I will thank the
Senator from Illinois to observe what I say
and not hold me responsible for what I do not
say—that the Assembly of Georgia have passed
no such act, and that no such proposition has
been brought before that body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What I said was this :
that the law of Congress requires the Legisla-
ture elected next preceding a vacancy in the
Senate of the United States to elect a Senator.
If a Legislature is elected next fall it will be a
Legislature preceding the 4th of March, 1871,
and under the act of Congress will have the
right to elect a Senator. Now, I say to the
Senator from Michigan that this present Legis-
lature of Georgia has undertaken to usurp the
authority that belongs to the Legislature to bo
elected next fall, and that that is an act show-
ing that they mean to perpetuate themselves,
by declaring that they are the last Legislature
elected prior to the expiration of the term of
service which goes out on the 4th of March,
1871.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the honor-
able Senator very well when he made the re-
mark before. 1 do not draw any such inference
from the recent election of a Senator ; nor do
I think ho is justified in drawing the inference
that they intended by that act to perpetuate
their power. Sir, they could not pass any such
act in reference to the election of a Senator,
because the act of Congress forbids it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that the present Legislature has the right
to elect a Senator for the term commencing on
the 4th of March, 1871?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; and I havo not
intimated any such thing, I beg to assure the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Legislature has
undertaken to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose they have under-
taken to do it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then havo they not
undertaken to perpetuate their power ?
Mr. HOWARD. The difficulty is here: the
Senator from Illinois seeks to draw from this
void action on the part of the Assembly of
Georgia in electing a Senator a forced infer-
ence that they intend to perpetuate their power.
I say the inference is forced and not fair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator then says
the election is void.
Mr. HOWARD. I should think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question, if it will not interrupt him ?
Mr. HOWARD. I have become so accus-
tomed to interruption that I shall be content
to answer all the questions put me if I am able.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely ask for inform-
ation. I do not wish to interrupt any gentle-
man without his consent. I wish to ask my
friend from Michigan, as wo are all desirous to
get at the truth here, whether he understands
the real intention of the party in power in
Georgia, our political friends there, to be to '
actually hold over, for some good reason, or 1
not? That is the point on which I should like !
an answer from the Senator. 1
Mr. HOWARD. That is a question of fact
into which I have not had the facilities of
making an inquiry.
Mr- EDMUNDS. What is my friend's belief?
Mr. HOWARD. If I am to resort to the
best sources of information upon that subject,
that is to say, to the members of the Judiciary
Committee, I should certainly be led to sup-
pose they, did entertain such an intention.
[Laughter. ] The Judieiary• Committee appear
to be especially worried about it for some rea-
son or other; and we haye been told, or at
least it has been intimated to us here day after
day, that the Georgia Assembly is going to
perpetuate its power, and that republican gov-
ernment in Georgia will be overturned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iamnotmuch
in favor of this colloquial kind of debate, but
it seems to be running into that, and the an-
swers of the Senator from Michigan, usually so
plain, have rather embarrassed me. I under-
stand from his interpretation of the present
constitution that the word "election." used in
the constitution is a general term authorizing
the Legislature at any time to postpone the
election of members of the Legislature?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; it says so. That
is the language.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, from
his narrow definition of what may be a repub-
lican form of goverhment, I desire to know
whether he understands that a Legislature
elected, say at any future time, of Democrats,
of secessionists, of the Kuklux Klan, would
have a right under that constitution to perpet-
uate themselves indefinitely?
Mr. HOWARD. I should think so. I do
not shrink from my own logical deductions.
But what I propose is to put up the bars
against such a contingency, to take precau-
tions against it.
Now, sir, assuming that such is the discre-
tionary authority granted to the Assembly of
Georgia, that they may continue their terms
of office—of course it must be done by an act
of legislation and upon their responsibility—
assuming that that is the true construction to
be given to-their constitution. I have a word
to say upon this clause of the bill before us:
But said election shall be held in the year "18/0,
either on tho day named in thoconstitution of said
State or such other as the present Legislature may
designate by law.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
not long since, when we were discussing the
question of annexing fundamental conditions
to our acts of admission, was perfectly amazed
when I stated that so far as the form of State
government was concerned it was competent
lor the Congress of the United States, by way
of fundamental condition, to make certain
requirements of the State before it should be
admitted into the Union, and that those con-
ditions became part and parcel of the law in
relation to those States. 1 based my argument
upon that clause of the Federal Constitution
which declares that Congress shall guaranty
to every State in the Union a republican form
of government; and I insisted that it had a
right to exercise this power preliminarily be-
fore the reaamission of these rebel States, by
annexing certain clauses known as funda-
mental conditions. The Senator from Illinois
did not believe any such thing. He scouted the
idea that Congress could alter a State consti-
tution ; that Congress under that power^ could
undertake to declare what sort of a constitution
a State should frame. What is his position
now? Here is a clause in this bill before us
which absolutely annuls a most vital provision
of the constitution of Georgia, according to my
construction. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if theSenator under-
takes to make me inconsistent, he must make
me inconsistent with myself.
