1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
I shall not usher in the
on u
nhilosopby, or the value ot statistics, xue
elements of such an essay are withm easy reach
• ■i _ I11 Ann nnarttara fir
touching the census. I shall not "sher m the
subject by a dissertation upon the history, the
-J ■ ' - ' — of statistics. Ihe
on every side. The introductory chapters of
oar own census and other familiar books of
reference bristle with material for such a treat-
ise, ambitious and recondite in pretension.
Omitting all aspiring preface, I come at once
to the point of utility and business, and start
The Constitution of the United States re-
quires a count of population merely once in
ten years. "An enumeration of persons'' is the
whole constitutional requirement. A collec-
tion of statistics, varying in extent and char-
acter, has sometimes been associated with the
count of inhabitants. Sometimes statistics
have been dropped altogether. This year it
is assumed by all that the census is to seek
returns of values, productions, and the like.
No issue arises in this respect unless it be
touching the selection, detail, and extent of
inquiries. The question, however, standing
in front of all minutiae of methods, and of
particular objects of inquiry, is whether the
work shall be done by the customary instru-
mentalities, by the officers who from the begin-
ning have been employed to do it, or by a new
body of officers created solely for the purpose. j
This question draws to it many incidents of |
the census; and for this reason, as well as for :
others, the whole subject has been examined j
and instruction has been sought from many
sources. The conclusion is adverse to the
somewhat extended bill just read. The sub-
stitute proposed is only an adherence to the
actof 1850. That act was not a hurried expe-
dient. It was not designed for a single occasion,
bnt to remain permanently. It was considered
not only for weeks but for months by the cen-
sus board which devised it—a board consisting
of Mr. Clayton, then Secretary of State; Mr.
lieverdy Johnson, then Attorney General, and
Mr. Jacob Col lamer, then Postmaster General.
It embodies the practical sense and keen dis-
crimination of Mr. Collamer, as well as the
judgment and intelligence of his associates;
it illustrates also the insight and directness of
the late Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, then a member
of the other House, who gave much attention
to it; it is characteristically marked by Mr.
Underwood, of Kentucky, then a member of
this body. My allusion to Mr. Underwood has
reference especially to the ingenious and watch-
ful device lor gauging compensation, which
rewards accuracy and industry and stints care-
lessness and sloth.
The act was, as I have said, intended as an
enduring provision; adapted and adequate to
a long future, and the flippant disparagement
with which it has been mentioned of late in
newspaper paragraphs moves me to ask, was it
ill shapen and inadequate in its time, or has it
become obsolete before the third occasion has
arrived for putting it in requisition ? Have two
decades outgrown the foresight of those who
in 1850 undertook to frame provisions for many
decades? For twenty years the steady march
of time, with its methodical accretions, has,gone
on; there has been no abnormal influx or in-
crease of population Or of growth, iiapid and
magical as time's changes are, they proceed by
rale—they can be foretold. Superficial reflec-
tion and forecast in 1850 could predict the gen-
eral fact we see, that census returns now must
speak of an enlarged area, an increased popu-
lation, and of multiplied production. Why did
the men of 1850 address themselves to devis-
ing an act which should serve the purpose not
only then, but in after decades? I would I
might impress one of the reasons upon the
Senate. Anterior to 1850 each decade pro-
duced its own census act, each decade of course
adding its wisdom to the wisdom of the past.
With each act came changes in the form and
substance of inquiries, and thus the nation
and science were robbed of one of the chief
elements of usefulness and instruction, which
statistics can possess; unlearned men can
appreciate it—I mean continuous identity of
inquiries—sticking to the same questions and
the same things. Am I asked why keep inquir-
ing after the same things ? Because the same
kind of statistics time after time admit of certain
and easy comparisons. Changes of growth
or decline, and the lessons changes teach,
constitute the chief object with the students of
statistics. Changes can be defined and meas-
ured only by comparisons, and he who destroys
uniformity among tables which belong to a
series, is an enemy of science and of knowledge.
This single truth refutes many flings lately
bestowed upon the suggestion of preserving
unaltered the forms and topics of the past.
By those I have mentioned, and by others who
contributed to it, the act of 1850 was matured,
and in virtue of it the census has twice been
taken. Its provisions are applicable now, all
save one. There were slaves in 1850, and the
Constitution then required an apportionment
of representation counting five slaves as three
freemen. There are no slaves now, and the
fractional enumeration is superseded by that
ordained by the fourteenth amendment; and
while we yet deliberate, the fifteenth amend-
ment may obliterate the last distinction occa-
sioned by slavery affecting the representative
rights of American citizens.
The purpose of the substitute is merely to
conform the schedules of population to the
purified Constitution. The necessity of- even
this may well be doubted. My honorable friend
before me [Mr. Howard] would Bay as we all
should say, that with a statute directing the
form of blanks, and a more recent amendment
of the Constitution removing from existence
altogether some of the items specified by the
statute, no intelligent Secretary of the Interior,
certainly not one so intelligent as the present
incumbent, could hesitate to accommodate the
formula to the changed supreme law. Never-
theless, in strictness, doubtless the statute
should be changed, and hence the brief Sub-
stitute proposed.
Before proceeding in the discussion, I will
present an outline of the legislative history of
the American census. The ideas and the acts
of oar fathers may afford some useful hints at
least.
The colonial Congress twice recommended
the Assemblies to adopt measures to ascertain
the number of inhabitants—December 26,1775,
February 17, 1783—without avail.
Since the Union was formed an enumeration
has eight times been made, and five times a
census of varying range has been taken also.
The work has proceeded under seven gen-
eral or principal acts of Congress. Other acts
have been adopted touching the subject, but
they have all been subsidiary to some one of
the seven chief acts, the earliest of which is
March 1, 1790, and the latest May 23, 1850.
Attention is invited to the provisions of the
past in seven particulars.
1. The general supervision of the work and
the receipt aud custody of the returns by the
act of March 1, 1790, devolved on the Presi-
dent, of the United States.
These duties on the 28th of February, 1800,
were transferred to. the Secretary of State, and
there they were kept, with four renewals, for
fifty years.
On the 3d of March, 1849, the "Home De-
partment" waa created, and the supervisory
and appellate powers relating to the census
theretofore exercised by the Secretary of State
were transferred to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
Another act, approved the same day, creates
a "census board," coasisting of the Secretary
of State, Attorney General, and Postmaster
General; which board is charged with the duty
of preparing aud printing forms and schedules
for the coliection of statistics ; the number of
inquiries not to exceed pne hundred, and the
cost of preparing aud printing not to exceed
$10,000.
No subsequent act disturbs these provisions.
2. The persons intrusted with the execution
of the work have in all instances been the mar-
shals of the United States. On three occasions,
1800, 1810, and 1820, secretaries of the Terri-
tories were adopted as persons to act in the
Territories.
Authority to employ assistants has in each
act been given.
3. The time as of which the enumeration
should be made was, for forty years, the first
Monday in August. The 1st of J une was adopted
as the day in 1830 and 1840, and though the act
| of 1850 is silent on the point, June 1 was
i adopted in that year and in I860 also.
| 4. The space of time allowed in which to
] gather and return results was in the acts of the
| first thirty years nine months. In 1820 six
| months were allowed, but a subsequent exten-
sion gave more than.ttvelve months in all. iti
1830 six months were allowed for collecting
the meager facts required by that year's law.
In 1839 ten months was prescribed, and after-
ward an extension became necessary; aud in
1850 the first requirement was a completion of
returns by November 1, but an extension until
January took place.
5. The scope and range of the census, the
subjects of inquiry covered by it, have not
remained the same, nor have they grown with
steadiness or consistency.
The act of 1790, the act of 1800, and the
chief aet of 1810 simply gave effect to the re-
quirement of the Constitution, and did nothing
more than to provide for an enumeration of
inhabitants to the end that representation and
direct taxes might be apportioned.
On the 1st of May, 1810, a supplemental apt
added manufactures as a subject of inquiry,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and this example was followed in the act
of 1820. In 1830 manufactures were dropped,
and the deaf and dumb and blind to be counted
and partially classified became the only addi-
tion to the count and classification of inhabit-
ants. In 1839 manufactures came back to the
schedules, at the discretion of the President;
and at the same discretion mines, Agriculture,
schools, and commerce were to be inquired
after, and by requirement of the law without
discretion pensioners were to be particularly re-
turned, and so were lunatics, and idiots. Tha
act of 1850, by relation to forms to be appended,
opened a wide range of inquiry.
G. The stated compensation to. the marshals
from first to last has been from §100 or $150
in the smaller and less populous districts to
$400 or $500 in the districts large in numbers
and extent. Contingent allowance to marshals
have been permitted by several acts, but within
narrow limits. The larger element of expense
has been compensation of assistants.
In 1790 assistants received one dollar for
each one hundred names of inhabitants of rural
regions; in towns of five thousand one dollar
for three hundred names ; in sparsely-settled
regions discretionary allowance not to exceed
one dollar for fifty names.
In 1800 assistants received one dollar for
one hundred names in country districts; in
towns of five thousaud, one dollar for three hun-
dred names; in sparse regions, discretionary
allowance not beyond one dollar for fifty names.
In 1510 the compensation was the same,
except that the allowance for services in sparse
places might go to $1,25 for fifty-names.
In 1820 the provision was the same, with the
addition that if the superficial content of any
parish or county should be forty miles square,
and the inhabitants not more than twenty-five
hundred, compensation might be awarded not
exceeding three dollars for fifty names.
In 1830 the compensation rose to $1 25 per
hundred names in country, and also in towns
of three thousand inhabitants up to three thou-
sand names; but after three thousand it was
$1 25 for each three hundred names. In sparse
districts $1 75 for fifty names was the limit.
Where superficial content was over twenty
