2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I propose
to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But he ia putting his
construction on it. I deny that the bill under
consideration alters the meaning of the con-
stitution of Georgia one particle. I insist that
by that constitution they are hound to have an
election this fall.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator why he as chairman of that committee
has reported back to the Senate this bill con-
taining that clause? Why is it in there at all?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have tried to state that
very clearly; and I will state it again with the
permission of the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In my opinion the con-
stitution of Georgia as it is written, with the
ordinance, requires an election next fall. That
is my construction of it. Starting with this
fundamental rule of construction, that every
contract, or paper,, or constitution is to be con-
strued so as to give effect to the instrument,
that this constitution in order to be effective
must be republican—that is the great rule-
when you come to construe these words in the
constitution, I say you can give effect to every
word that is there, and still have an election
next fall. The words authorizing members of
the Legislature to hold until their successors
are elected and qualified, authorize them to hold
until their succcessors are elccted and quali-
fied during this year ; it does not extend into
other years. The great feature of the constitu-
tion is that there are to be elections every second
year. The day when the election shall take
place in each second year is not material.
The constitution says it shall be the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, but it says
the Legislature may alter that time. They
may then make it the 25th of December in the
same year instead of making it the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November. Then
the constitution says that the members shall
hold until their successors are qualified. That
would be a little more than two years. The
election would be in the second year, but the
members who are elected under the ordinance
at the first election hold two years and a half.
It was necessary in order to continue them in
office tip to the time that the election should
be held under the constitution after the State
became a State, that they should hold more
than two years and until their successors were
elected and qualified.
Now, my position is this: that this fair con-
struction of the constitution, which as lawyers
or af, jtulges we are bound to give it, compels
an election next fall. That being so, we are
informod by the action of this Legislature that
it intends to perpetuate its power, because it
lias gone 011 to do an act that belongs to the
Legislature to be elected this fall, in under-
taking to elect a Senator to take his seat on
the 4th of March, 1871. We are also informed
by the Executive of the State that, according
to his construction, they have a right to hold
on to their offices, Commencing their terms
now, after tho present reorganization. J say
that that is anti-republican ; that a State gov-
ernment that undertakes to perpetuate itself
in defiance of its own constitution is an anti-
republican government; and it becomes the
Congress of the United States to interfere and
guaranty the constitution they have made, aud
in such a form as will make it republican.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Illinois has thrown no new light on this
subject. I understood him very well before.
Still I am much obliged to him for the pains he
has taken to give a second illustration of his
views. Now, sir, the bill before us declares,
as I said before, that—
Said election shall be held in the year 3870, either
on the day named in tho constitution of said State or
sack other doy as thopresent Legislature may desig-
nate by law.
The honorable Senator has been at the pains
to insert that clause. That is the report of the
committee. Now, he tells us in effect it is not
necessary at all that this should be contained
in the act, because, according to his view, the
constitution of the State of Georgia requires
precisely the same thing. Why are we spend-
ing our time here in legislating in reference to
Georgia and the constitution of Georgia when
there is sufficient legislation on the same sub-
ject already, to precisely the same end ? Why
did the Judiciary Committee see fit to intro-
duce into the Senate this elatise known as the
Bingham amendment when there was no neces-
sity for it whatever, according to the opinion
of the honorable Senator? But the reply is,
we did it to prevent a great danger.
Mr. EDMUND8. Threatened.
Mr. HOWARD. A great threatened dan-
ger, the danger being that Governor Bullock
and his Legislature may want to hold over
beyond the year 1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They assert that they
intend to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont says they assert that they
intend to do so I know not what is his source
of information. £ have correct information,
as 1 suppose, that the Legislature of Georgia
have never proposed any such thing, whether
it bo good, bad, or indifferent, lawful or un-
lawful. Then we are here legislating to guard
against the danger of Bullock carrying out his
threats and holding over, are we? Is that the
mission that we are upon? That seems to be
the sole object of this clause of the bill, ac-
cording to the admission of the honorable
Senator from Illinois. He does not want Bul-
lock to hold over, and ho is terrified at the
prospect of Bullock's Legislature holdingover.
Whether my construction be right or wrong,
why not leave all this to the constituted author-
ities of Georgia? This is a question which
does not belong to the Congress of the United
States to determine. Let the authorities of
Georgia construe their own constitution and
work it in their own way. I will not take the
responsibility of giving it a legislative con-
struction by act of Congress. 1 prefer to tarn
over this precious State right of construing the
precious constitution of Georgia to the judges
and proper authorities of Georgia. I am not
sent here to act as a judge to solve any such
question.
But let me go another step with my friend
from Illinois. He insists upon retaining this
clause in the bill especially. If the bill shall
pass, say to-morrow, with this clause in it, the
next day Georgia beeomes an organized State
of this Union ; its Senators are here and its
Representatives in the other House ; its Gov-
ernor is in his seat, and the entire corps of
State officers are installed and in the discharge
of their proper functions, one and all, and it
then becomes an independent and sovereign
State in this Union, possessing all the powers
of State sovereignty, if there bo any such, in
the same sense and to the same extent pre-
cisely as is possessed by the State of New
York or any other State in the Union.
It becomes so the day after to-morrow, or
whenever this bill shall be passed. But the
honorable Senator from Illinois, not content
with turning over this question to the authori-
ties of Georgia for solution and decision, pro-
poses to declare in an act of Congress that
Mr. Bullock shall not hold over, his Legislature
shall not hold over, and expects, when that
State beco mes a reconstructed and perfect State
of the Union, this act of Congress will have
force within the limits of the State of Georgia.
Of course he insists upon all this. He under-
takes, therefore, to usurp judicial functions
that belong to the State of Georgia, and to
decide a judicial question in advance by this
clause which I have read from the Bingham
amendment.
Sir, I believe that we have no authority to
do this; and I believe that it is better, far
better, that this whole matter of controversy
should be turned over to the constituted author-
ities of Georgia who are on the spot, and be
by them decided, than that we, the Congress
of the United States, should by a legislative
aet of our own undertake to adjudicate upon
an article in their own constitution, or to guard
against an imaginary danger. Sir, let us leave
these questions to Georgia, and not assume to
solve them here,
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Illinois eould not tolerate the idea of a funda-
mental condition upon the admission of a State
into the Union, but here he insists upon pass-
ing an act of Congress which is to operate after
the State has become rehabilitated and has
become again a perfect State in full communion
in the Union, possessing all the faculties of an
independent State. He proposes by this clause
to tie the hands of the proper authorities of
that State, to prohibit them from passing upon
the construction of their own constitution, and
to assume to construe it here and for the whole
people of Georgia. Whatever may be the true
construction of that clause in the Georgia con-
stitution, whether it does or does not give this
discretionary authority to the Legislature ot
Georgia, we have nothing to do with that ques-
tion, and I turn it over to the people of Geor-
gia, their judges, and constituted authorities ;
and as .they have got themselves into this
unhappy imbroglio, into this muss about the
construction of their own constitution, let them
settle it in their own way and on their own
responsibility.
It will be for the Executive of the United
States to determine who is the regular and
authorized Executive of Georgia, and who is
the proper Legislature, should the case present
itself in such an attitude as to require his mili-
tary interference. I propose to turn thiswhole
question over to Georgia, its judiciary and its
Legislature. I do not believe that under that
clause of the Constitution of the United States
guarantying a republican form of government
Congress has power to enact a law which is to
take effect upon the authorities of a State in
the manner in which this clause is expected to
operate. I think we are acting extra vires when
we assume to decide here questions that ought
to be settled by the courts or constituted author-
ities of Georgia. Let them fight out their con-
troversies in their own way and among them-
selves, and if it shall happen in the future that
the rebel element of Georgia presents itself in
an altitude of insurrection against the de facto
authorities of Georgia let Georgia and the Ex-
ecutive of the United States settle the ques-
tion according to law and the Constitution. 1
have no wish to sit here higglingand debating,
wrangling and squabbling about the meaning
of the constitution of Georgia. Let Georgia
settle her own difficulties and" construe h r
own constitution and laws.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I desire
briefly to give the reasons why I shall vote for
the bill before the Senate substantially as h
came from the House of Representatives. I
was opposed to the adoption of the so-called
"fundamental conditions" in the bills for the
admission of Virginia and Mississippi. But
the Senate has twice emphatically expressed
its opinion on those conditions, and having
thus established its policy in those cases there
seems to be no good reason for leaving them
out of the bill for the admission to representa-
tion of a State which has given even less proofs
of the possession of a loyal spirit than has pre-
vailedinVirginiaaudMississippi. While,there-
fore, I thought the "fundamental conditions"
unnecessary and unwise, I shall nevertheless
vote for them in the case of Georgia. I wish f
could think it proper to vote for a bill preeisely
sirailar to the Virginia and Mississippi _ bills
for Georgia. But while on the face of it a
literal copy of the Virginia bill would appear
to be legislation of similar character, it would
in fact be very different legislation. Under the
circumstances in which this bill comes before
the Senate, the enactment of a bill like the
Virginia or Mississippi bill for Georgia would
