1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2QW
in faetintroduce an entirely new feature into
our legislation. If we should strike out what
is known as the " Bingham amendment" it is
well understood that we should be sanctioning a
proposition made by those who now administer
the government of Georgia to extend the period
of their official life two years.
I cannot for an instant credit the statement
that in 1868 Governor Bullock, or any member
of the government of which he is the head,
imagined that in any contingency, except that
of a reelection by the people, he or they would
hold their several positions beyond the close of
the year 1870, except in the cases where by the
constitution of Georgia official terms were made
to consist of more than two years. This prop-
osition to extend the official terms of these
State officers for two years seems to have been
an afterthought, a .scheme recently developed
to accomplish certain objects deemed by them
of vast importance to the welfare of the people
of Georgia.
I wish to accord to those who propose this
plan full credit for an earnest patriotism, a
heartfelt desire for the good of the loyal people
of Georgia, aud entire freedom from the self-
ish desire to hold office for the sake of office.
I do not credit the statements that are bandied
about as to the want of integrity, the greed and
the corruption of the present Stategovernment.
I have not thought it necessary to read over the
tedious details of the charges which are made
against Governor Bnllock and others who are
acting with him. It would be strange if, sur-
rounded by the difficulties which have beset
him and them, they had escaped errors of ad-
ministration which would afford the enemies
of reconstruction and the enemies of Repub-
licanism in Georgia and elsewhere points of
attack. 1 am too welt aware of the intense
bitterness which has vented itself on almost
every man in the South who has manfully stood
up ior the new order of things, for the equal
rights of all men before the law, for impartial
execution of justice to all classes, to heed
greatly charges of which undoubted proofs
are not given. Weie I a citizen of Geoigia it
vould be my duty to examine and weigh the
exact force of these charges ; and did I believe
the action of the Senate on this bill depended
on the character of the Governor or other offi-
cers of Georgia, t should look narrowly into
the allegations so profusely made and so often
spread before the public on this subject. But
I do not conceive that it is important to the
decision of the question of the adoption or re-
jection of the Bingham amendment to consider
the case as it is atfected by (he personal worth
or want of worth of Governor Bullock or any
other State official. The decision of that ques-
tion rests on broader grounds, and must be
determined by reasons having no special rela-
tions to the persons whose official lives may
be lengthened or abbreviated by our action.
I am not sure that the exact language of the
constitution of the State of Georgia and of one
of the ordinances passed by the convention
which framed the constitution dees not give a
pretext for the prolongation of the official
terms of the State officers. Perhaps a special
pleader can make a tolerably fair case out of
the letter of the constitution for that side of
the question. Yet I am thoroughly convinced
that a fair interpretation of the evident spirit
of the constitution precludes any such conclu-
sion. If it had been hinted that such .in inter-
pretation was probable or possible at the time
when the constitution of Georgia was first
sent to Congress for approval, i doubt if any
Senator on this floor would havt been willing
10 approve the eloust:s admitting o' such an
interpretation. A more complete mode of
depriving the government of G'-orgia of its
republican character than the m-senion of a
section in its constitution giving power to line
Legislature to perpetuate itself and tho other
officers of the State, can hardly be imagined.
Or. if it be claimed that a constitution thus
drawn and thus interpreted is republican in
form, using that phrase in the sense attached
to it at the time the fathers nsed it, 1 submit
that the ideas of the present generation on
this subject differ widely from those of the
early days, aud that such a constitution would
be little in harmony with our conception of a
free republican constitution in 1870.
Yet this is precisely what is claimed now.
And if we strike out the Bingham amendment
and pass a bill precisely similar to the bill
passed in the Mississippi and Virginia cases,
it will be interpreted as a sanction by Con-
gress of the exercise of this power. We have
been forewarned that such is the intention.
The Bingham amendment is opposed because
it interferes with the exercise of this power.
And if at the end of the two years for which
this prolongation of official tenure is proposed,
this Legislature of Georgia should again deem
it to be for the interests of the colored people
or the loyal people, or any other class of peo-
ple in Georgia, that they should have a new
lease of power, why should they not again
change the time of election, and once more
begin anew their official terms? Would there
be logically any termination to this lease of
power?
Can a Republican Congress afford to permit
a course so utterly subversive of the first prin-
ciples of republican government? Oan the
Republican party afford to hold the State, of
Georgia under the present Republican admin-
istration one moment longer than the people
of that State by a majority of legal votes at
the duly appointed time of election decide that
its destinies shall be managed and controlled
by such Republican administration? If you
do uot propose to recognise Georgia as entitled
to equal rights with other States; if you pro-
pose to keep her out of the sisterhood of States,
to deny her the right to be represented" here
and in the national House of Representatives;
if, in short, you propose to keep her in a pro-
visional condition, then you may appoint her
Governor, her judges, her sheriffs, her Legis-
lature. You may control and direct all her
policy. You may tax her and rule her as you
will. Her people destroyed her legal State
government. They rebelled against the author-
ity which they were bound to obey as para-
mount. They made war on the national
Government. They wore conquered, and arc
subject to tho will of the conqueror. I believe
you have all the rights of conquest over her peo-
ple. and if she is not fit to be restored to her
forfeited position, use your authority insucha
way as to fit her in the shortest possible time
and to the highest possible degree for such
restoration.
I do not object to hor being kept an inchoate,
a provisional State a long while yet if any con-
siderable proportion of her people are so little
loyal as to allow them to make war on all those
who love the United States Government and
who would see the laws of that Government
enforced. But if you regard her admission to
representation now as essential and necessary,
if you think the ends ot good government in
Georgia are only to be compassed by having
her Senators and Representatives admitted to
their seats in Congress, if you purpose now to
invest her wiih the garb of a State in the Union
of States, let her come in with a government
republican in form and substance, let her peo-
ple feel that they are free to elect, their own
rulers at the times appointed in the constitution
they have made and you have approved; do
not impose upon her for a term she has not
fixed, for a term not fixed by her constitution,
an administration she has chosen for a certain
period and for no other. Hor constitution
has been approved by Congress; it has in no
respect been changed since that approval. You
have just dealt with her because she violated
one of its principles and one of the conditions
on which she was in 1868 declared entitled to
representation. Will you now allow this State
government of your own creation to violate
another provision of her constitution? You
have inserted "fundamental conditions," to
guard against the violation of the rights of her
citizens by a possible future Democratic Stat©
administration. Will you now refuse to guard
against a .violation of the rights of citizens by
the present-Republican State administration?
Nay, -will you distinctly authorize such a vio- ■
lation?
You have invested the colored men of Geor-
gia with the right to vote. Her own supreme
court has decided that the, colored man has,
under her constitution, the right to hold office.
You have caused the colored men elected to
the Legislature in 1868 to be restored to seats
from which they had been unjustly ousted.
Under the auspices of your military commander
and of the Governor the Legislature has been
so reorganized that its legislation will be in
the interests of freedom and justice. You
have thrown around every citizen the protec-
tion of the civil rights bill; you have caused
to be ingrafted upon the Constitution of the
United States the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments; you have complete power to
enforce the provisions of the civil rights bill
and those amendments; you have hedged round
the rights of all citizens by all sorts of de-
fenses. Enactments could hardly do more.
What cannot be done to defend the rights, the
lives, the liberty, and property of the citizen
by the provisions already made and those now
proposed to be enacted by Congress, and which
will doubtless be enacted soon, can hardly
be considered within the scope of legislative
enactment.
The power of the United States to interfere
to protect the citizens of Georgia or any other
State in the exercise of their lawful rights is com-
plete. The executive and legislative branches
of the Government are in complete accord as
to the propriety of such interference whenever
and wherever it becomes necessary. Martial
law in Georgia will do more. But if martial
law is to become chronic in Georgia, or any
other Slate, it is apparent that the State is
not in a condition to admit into the family
of States at all. Martial law and republican
State government are not good friends. In
States usually obedient to and governed by
republican principles and policy martial law
may become sometimes an exceptional neces-
sity. Mobs sometimes threaten the peace of
society, and the power and sovereignty of the
people are temporarily properly vested in one
controlling hand. But the very idea of a State,
in our system of States, suggests local self-
government, local control of local affairs, and
freedom in local concerns from external dic-
tation. We cannot afford to sacrifice this
great, perhaps greatest, element of strength in
our system for a temporary, however worthy,
purpose in Georgia.
But it is said that if an election comes off
next November the State government would
certainly go into the hands of the Democrats.
Now, I should profoundly regret such a result.
I think it greatly to be deplored that the ad-
ministration of affairs in Georgia for two years
past has not been such as to give our Repub-
lican friends there the hope of carrying au
election next November for the Republican
party. I can hardly believe this is true. I
know there will be base, cowardly, brutal at-
tempts to affright from the polls men who would
gladly vote the Republican ticket. I know that
in some localities these attempts may prove
successful; but I suppose the United States
will be ready to redress any wrongs which may
be done so far as it is possible to do so, aud I
suppose if Georgia is admitted to representa-
tion now her Governor and Legislature will
look to it that they have such a militia force
organized as will efficiently protect the ballot-
box. If I am told that there are localities
wh ere the whole people are so disloyal and so
hostile to the Government that they will not
allow any person to vote a loyal Republican
ticket, 1 answer that the existence to an^cou-
siderable extent of such a state of affairs is
