1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Bowen.
Ho. of Reps.
the electors had notice of Bigg's want of qualification
they should find for the plaintiff (that was Taylor,
who had only thirteen votes) because Biggs, not being
qualified, was to be considered as a person not in esse
and the voting for him a mere nullity. The jury found
for the plaintiff, and the court, on a motion for a new
trial, agreed with the law as laid down by Lord Chief
Justice Lee, and refused a new trial. Allthejudges
held that the verdict was right. They held that as
the fourteen electors who voted for Biggs had notico
that he was not qualified their votes were thrown
away; that when electorsvote for aperson not qual-
ified it is the same thing as if they had given no votes
at all, in which case it was not disputed that silence
was a constructive consent."
The same principle has been acted upon in
the case of Claridge vs. Evelyn, (5 B. and A.,
p. 81,) where an infant, having been elected to
office of clerk of a court of requests, notice
was given at the time of election of his ineligi-
bility on the ground of nonage. An action
was brought for a false return by the unsuc-
cessful candidate, and verdict given for the
plaintiff, subject to the opinion of the court of
king's bench. At the close of his judgment,
and after argument, Abbott, C. J., said:
" I am of opinion, therefore, thathe [the infant] was
ineligible, and due notice of his incapacity having
been given to the electors at the time of the election,
their votes were thrown away, and consequently
there must be judgment for the plaintiff."
See, also, King vs. Coe, (Haywood on County
Elections, 538;) Kingiw. Perry & Phillips, (14
East., 549;) King to. Bridge, (1M. andS., 76.)
Also, Clerk on Election Committees, p. 156:
" Whenever acandidate is disqualified from sitting
in Parliament, and notice thereof is publicly given
to the electors, all votes given for such disqualified
candidate will be considered as thrown away, and
the other candidate, with a minority of votes, will
be in position to claim the seat on proof of the exist-
ence of the disqualification and that sufficient notice
has been given of it to the electors."
The principle that votes given for an ineli-
gible candidate after notice of his ineligibility
are to be considered the same as if the persons
had not voted at all is as well recognized by
the courts of law as it is by the committees of
the House of Commons. Rex vs. Hawkins,
(10 East., 211 ;) Claridge us. Evelyn, (5B. and
A., 81.)
Also, Cushing's Law ana Practice of Legis-
lative Assemblies, pp. 66-7:
"If an election is made of a, person who is ineli-
gible, that is, incapable of being elected, the elec-
tion of such person is absolutely void, even though he
is voted for at the same time with others who are
eligible and who are accordingly elected; and this
is equally true whetherthe disability is known to the
electors or not, or whether a majority of all the votes
or a plurality only is necessary to the election, and
whether the votes are given orally or by ballot.
"In this country it is equally true that the election
of a disqualified person is absolutely void; and in
those States where a plurality elects, and where the
votes are given orally, as in England, votes given for
a candidate after notice of his disqualification are
thrown awav, and the candidate having the next
highest number of votes is elected."
Reference is also made to the Maiden case,
decided 20th of May, 1715, and found in
18 Journal of House of Commons, pp. 126-9;
Sergeant Comyn, the candidate having the
highest number of votes, was declared ineli-
gible, and Mr. Tuffnel, who had the next
highest number on the poll, was declared duly
elected and given the seat. Also, in the Coct
ermouth case, (18 Journal of House of Com-
mons,) 17th of January, 1717, Sir Vilford
Lawton had the majority of votes. Lord Percy
Seymour was the candidate next upon the polls.
Upon proof that at the time of the election
there the returned member was a minor the
House gave the seat to Lord Percy Seymour.
Again, in the Fife case, decided in 1779, (1
Luders, p. 455,) General Skene and Mr. Hen-
derson were candidates. General Skene had
the majority of votes, and was returned ; Mr.
Henderson petitioned, alleging that General
Skene was disqualified by reason of holding
another office. This Skene admitted, but denied
that this disqualified him. Upon a hearing of
the case the House gave the seat to Mr. Hen-
derson, who had a minority of votes. Also,
the Kircudbright case, (1 Luders, p. 72; 38
Journal of House of Commons, pp. 15, 245,
415, and 689.) This case occurred in 1780.
Mr. Gordon and Mr. Johnstone were candi-
dates. Mr. Gordon had a majority of the votes,
was declared incapacitated, and Mr. Johnstone
given the seat. In the case of Mitchell, in
1690, (10 Journal of House of Commons,
pp. 469 and 470,) the House resolved that A.
Kowe, esq., and his agents were guilty of
bribery, &c.; that he was not duly elected,
notwithstanding he had received a majority of
the votes cast, and that the petitioner, who
had received a minority of votes, was duly
elected, (1 Luders, p. 564; see also 9 Jour-
nal of House of Commons, p. 397.) Also, 1
Luders, p. 65, where same conclusion was come
to. Also, the Canterbury cases in 1796 and
1797; Mr. Baker and Mr. Sawbridge were
returned at the first election. They were peti-
tioned against by a number of electors in the
interest of Mr. Gipps and Sir John Honev-
wood, the other candidates, charging them with
having obtained their majorities by bribery.
The bribery was established and the election
declared void. At the second election the same
parties were candidates; Mr. Baker and Mr.
Sawbridge were again elected. Sir John Honey-
wood and Mr. Gipps petitioned against them,
charging that they had given notice to the
electors of their disqualifications, and the com-
mittee decided Mr. Baker and Mr. Sawbridge
not duly elected, and seated Sir John Honey-
wood and Mr. Gipps. (See Clifford's Reports.)
Also, the Southwark case, decided in 1796,
reported in Clifford's Reports, pp. 131, 222,
261, 342, and 343. Mr. Thellusson and Mr.
Tierny were candidates. Thellusson received
a majority of the votes cast and was duly re-
turned as elected, but was found to be ineligi-
ble, and the seat awarded to Mr. Tierny. In
the Flintshire case, (1797,) reported in 1 Peck,
p. 526, Sir Thomas Mosteyn was elected and
returned; Mr. Floyd petitioned against him,
alleging Sir Thomas Mosteyn to be a minor,
and that he had given notice to the electors.
Sir Thomas Mosteyn was declared not duly
elected and Mr. Floyd given the seat. Again,
in the Leominister ease, in 1819, Sir William
Cunningham Farley and Mr.' Harcourt were
candidates. Farley received a majority of the
votes cast," and was found by a committee, to
whom his case was referred, not to have the
necessary property qualifications. His election
was declared void and Mr. Harcourt seated.
(Male on Elections, p. 60.) Also in the Leo-
minister case, in 1827, Mr. Bish and Mr. Ste-
phenson were candidates; an objection was
taken that Mr. Bish was ineligible by reason
of being a Government contractor, and notice
was published to the electors. Mr. Bish had
the majority and was returned. The commit-
tee resolved that Mr. Bish was not duly elected,
but that Mr. Stephenson, whohad the minority,
was, and gave the seat to Mr. Stephenson.
(Rogers on Elections, pp. 10 to 13, app.;
Clerk on Election Committees, p. 160.) In
the Horsham case, (see printed minutes, sec-
ond Horsham case, September, 1848,) where
Mr. F. was declared ineligible, the seat was
given to Lord E. H., who had the next highest
number of votes on the poll, it being shown
that notice was given the electors.
And, Mr. Speaker, more specifically on the
question of notice the following is cited from
Male on Elections, page 111:
" In principle it seems not to be distinguishable
whether the circumstances of disqualification be
within the knowledge of the electors from its general
publicity and notoriety or whether it is brought
within their observation from actual notiee given
them, and that their votes could be thrown away in
the former case equally as in the latter."
In the Maiden case no notice was given the
electors, and the same in that of Coekermouth.
These were both cases in which the returned
member was rejected because a minor, and
in both the seat was given to the next highest
on the poll who was eligible.
Neither does it matter if the disqualification
charged was put in issue by the party returned.
In the Leominister case the fact that there
were two opinions regarding the ineligibility of
the returned member, the returned member
and his friends contending that he was not dis-
qualified, upon the decision being made that
the returned member was ineligible the seat
was given to the next highest on the poll.
In the Wakefield case, Barr & Aust., 210, it
was contended in argument that the returned
member was eligible, and this had also been
stated to the electors. It was decided that he
was disqualified. It was then contended that
the ineligibility was a very doubtful question
of law, and could not be considered notorious;
but the committee gave the seat to the peti-
tioner having the minority of votes.
"In very few of the cases decided upon this sub-
ject have the facts creating the ineligibility been
notorious. Notoriety is only spoken of as an excuse
for not having given particular notiee to individual
electors of tbo fact of ineligibility."— Clerk on Elec-
tion Committees, p. 164.
"Where the disability of the candidate is noto-
rious it should seem that it is not necessary to give
notice to the electors. Reasoning by analogy to the
election of corporate officers it might be doubted
whether more can ever bo required than merely to
give notice without producing a proof of this fact,
notwithstanding the electors may not have the power
of satisfying themselves whetherthe objection is well
founded or not. Rex vs. Blissell was a motion for a
new trial on an information in the nature of a quo
warranto against the defendant for acting as alder-
man of Portsmouth, and a verdict had been given
for the Crown on two material issues. Pike and Blis-
sell were adverse candidates; at the election the
mayor only voted for Blissell, while three aldermen
voted for Pike; but the mayor gave notice to tbo
aldermen that Pike was incapacitated to be elected
because he held the office of chamberlain, whioh was
incompatible. Lord Mansfield, addressing the coun-
sel for the Crown, who was arguing that the disqual-
ification was not notorious, said: 'Do you doubt
that if he is really disqualified, whether such dis-
qualification is notorious or not, that the votes given
for him are thrown away ? In another jurisdiction,
if the disqualification is notorious it does more—it
elects the other party; and of the law in this ease
you can have no doubt.' "—Heywood County Elec-
tions, 533—38.
There are a number of other cases which
support the doctrine here contended for, but
those which are given are the most important,
and in which the discusions were the fullest.
Running through a period of near two hundred
years, and being uniform in their nature, they
are deemed sufficient. It remains to inquire,
are there any cases in which this doctrine is
controverted; and if so, to what extent? The
only cases that appear in the English courts or
in the British Parliament which seem in any
manner to conflict with this doctrine are the
cases of Abingdon, (1st Douglass, 419,) which
occurred in 1775; the Penryn case, Corb &
Dan., 55, and the case of InverkeithingCorb&
Dan., 137, both in the same year, 1819; and
the latest case reported is that of Cheltenham,
which occurred in 1848, (printed minutes.)
But neither of these cases when examined af-
fect the doctrine in the least except the Chel-
tenham case. In the Abingdon case no notice
was given before the election ; but at the poll
it was stated the returned member was disqual-
ified by reason of being the sheriff of the
county. It was disputed that this was any
disqualification both by the returned member
and his counsel, who gave their opinion also
that it did not disqualify him. The returned
member was unseated, but the seat was not
given to the next highest on the poll for the
reason that it was a doubtful question of law
whether the holding of such an office rendered
a person ineligible. It has since been decided
that the holding of such an office as sheriff is
not a disqualification, and would not render a
person ineligible to be elected. In the Pen-
ryn and Inverkeithing cases, both alike, no
charge of disqualification existed prior to the
election, but the disqualification occurred by
the returned members rendering themselves
