2970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
8
i
and any person who shall kill any fur seal on either 1
of said islands or in tho waters adjacent thereto with- |,
out authority of tho lessees thereof, and any per- |
son who shall molest, disturb, or interfere with said i
lessees, or either of them, ortheir agents or employes,
in the lawful prosecution of their business under the
provisions of this act, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall for each offense, on convic-
tion thereof, be punished in the same way and by
liko penalties ns prescribed in the second section of
this act; and all vessels, their tackle, apparel, ap-
purtenances, and cargo, whose crew shall be found
engaged in any violation of either of the provisions
of this section,shall be forfeited to theUnited States;
and if any person or company,under any lease herein
authorized, shall knowingly kill or permit to be
killed any number of seals exceeding the number
for each island in this act prescribed, such person
or company shall in addition to the penalties and ,
forfeitures aforesaid, also forfeit the whole number
of the skins of seals killed in that year; or, in case
the same have been disposed of, then said person or
company shall forfeit the value of the same. And
it shall be the duty of any revenue officer, officially
acting as such on either of said islands, to seize and
destroy any distilled spirits or spirituous liquors
found thereon: Prpvided, That such officer shall
make detailed report of his doings to the collector
of the port.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the annual
rental to be reserved by said lease shall be not less
than $50,000 per annum, to be secured by deposit
of United States bonds to that amount, and in ad- ,
dition hereto a revenue tax or duty of two dollars
is hereby laid upon each fur-seal skin taken and
shipped from said islands, during the continuance
of such lease, to be paid into tho Treasury of the
United States; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby empowered and authorized to make all need- :
ful rules and regulations for the collection and pay-
ment of the same, for the comfort, maintenance,
education, and protection of the natives of said
islands, and also for carrying into full effect all the
rovisions of this" act: Provided further, That the
ecretary of tho Treasury may terminate any lease
given to any person, company, or corporation, on full
and satisfactory proof of the violation of any of the
provisions of this act or the rules and regulations
established by him: Provided farther, That the See- .
retary of tho Treasury is hereby authorized to deliver !
to the owners the fur-seal skins now stored on the
islands, on the payment of one dollar for each of
said skins taken and shipped away by said owners.
Sec. 7. And be t£ further enacted. That the pro-
visions of the seventh and eighth sections of an
act to extend the laws of the United States relating
to customs, commerce, and navigation over the ter-
ritory ceded to the United States by Russia, to estab-
lish a collection district therein, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 27, 1868, shall be deemed to ;
apply to this act; and all prosecutions for offenses
committed against the provisions of this act, and all
other proceedings had because of the violations of
the provisions of this act, ami which are authorized
by said act above mentioned, shall be in accordance
with the provisions thereof; and all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Con-
gress may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
Mr. DIXON. I am willing to amend the
motion so that the bill may be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have some under-
standing about the time the gentleman is to
call it up.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
76, noes 41.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dixon and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Is the motion to pass the
job through now or to act on it afterward?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules to bring the bill before the House for
consideration.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I beg pardon; I ought to
have said bill.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 40.
Mr. PAINE demaded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 110, nays 60, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Bingham, Bird, Booker, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks. Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Cal-
kin, William T. Clark, Coburn, Conger, Conner,
Cowles, Cox, Degener, Dickinson, Dixon, Dox, Eld-
ridge, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Gar-
field, Getz, Gibson, Haight, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hamilton, Hays, Heflin, Hoge, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd. KelJogg, Kerr, Knott, Lawrenee, Lynoh,
Marshall, McCormick, McCrary, McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Peck, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy,
Prosser, Randall, Rice, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks,
Sherrod, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auk en. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees.Welker.Wells, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison Arnell, Beaman, Benton,
Blair, Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler,Cako,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Covode, Cullom. Davis, Dawes, Dockery. Donley,
Farnsworth, Gilfillan, Hale, Harris. Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Hay, Heaton. Hoar, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,
Kelsey, ICnapp, Laflin, Loughridgo, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McKce, Mercur, William Moore, Morphis,
Samuel P. Morrill, O'Neill, Paine, Palmer, Rogers,
Sanford, Schenck, Scofield, William J. Smith, Tay-
lor, Tillman. Tyner, Unson, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, Williams, and Witcher—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Bailey, Banks, Biggs, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Burr, I
Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, Cleveland, Cook,
Crebs, Dickey, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Griswold,
Haldeman, Hill, Julian, Ketcham, Lash, Logan,
Mayham, McGrew, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel
J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Negley,
Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Reeves, Kidg-
way, Roots, bebumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter :
Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, ;
Stevenson, Tanner. Townsend, Van Wyck, Eugeno
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Winans—57. I
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not having voted in favor thereof.
enrolled bill.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled the following bill;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 271) for the relief of
Colonel Samuel W. Price, of the twenty-first
Kentucky volunteers.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I yield to anybody it
will be to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr.] I promised him before any one else.
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the regular order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Michigan to withdraw his objection.
Mr. DAWES. I ask to present, in order
that it may be printed, a substitute for the bill
in reference to fur-bearing seals.
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the regular order
of business 
Mr. SCHENCK. I have given notice to all
the gentlemen who have motions to submit
that if the regular order is not insisted upon I
would yield first to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Is it not in order for the
House to vote down the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 rise to ask of the Chair
and of the House a favor. I desire to have a
joint resolution read at the desk, and when it
is read I am sure there is not a man in the
House who will object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot con-
sent to that being done as long as the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] insists on
the regular order.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to allow the joint resolution to be
read. It is with reference to the burial, of the
late General John A. Rawlins.
Mr. BEAMAN. I waive the demand for
the regular order for that purpose.
the late general rawlins.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, in- ;
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 267) j
in relation to a burial-place for the remains of
General John A. Rawlins; which was read a ■
first and second time. j
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It appoints
as a commission, and as such directs General
Giles A. Smith, General John A. Smith, and
General Eli S. Parker to procure a proper
burial-place for the remains of General John
A. Rawlins, late Secretary of War, and pro-
vides that the cost of the same be paid out of
any contingent fund of the War Department.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask for the passage of the
joint resolution. I have no desire to make
any remarks upon it at all.
Mr. COX. I would suggest that the resolu-
tion should provide not only for procuring a
burial-place, but for the erection of a monu-
ment.
Mr. VOORHEES. I think it right that it
should be stated that General Rawlins's remains
lie unburied in a public vault in a cemetery
near this city. It is a shame to the city and
to the Government that this should be the case.
Mr. LOGAN. It is for that reason that I
offer this resolution. I accept the proposition
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
and move to amend by adding after the words
Secretary of War " and have erected a suit-
able monument on the grave."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read,
the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was amended by adding the words
"and the erection of a monument over his
remains.'
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
given to Mr. Slocum for one week; to Mr.
Van Horn for fifteen days; to Mr. Randall
for two days ; to Mr. Davis for ten days; to
Mr. Smith, of Vermont, for the remainder of
this week, and to Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, for
Tuesday and Wednesday of this week.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am sure the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] will not
object to the resolution which I desire to offer
when he hears it read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. PETERS. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] will withdraw his
demand for the sake of allowing me to ask
unanimous consent to report a resolution of
great public importance from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] make a gen-
eral withdrawal of his demand ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I object. If the
same privilege is not given to me as is given
to others I shall insist on the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that if the gentleman from Ohio is allowed to
yield for a few motions which would pass by
unanimous consent it would not consume much
time. ■ There are several gentlemen who are
pressing upon the Chair for permission to sub-
mit motions, and of course the Chair is power-
less in the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield first to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
wrecked and abandoned property.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with amendments, thejointresolntion (H.
R. No. 173) to enable the Secretary of War to
collect wrecked and abandoned property, dere-
lict claims, and dues belonging to the United
States.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution, as amended by the com-
mittee, authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to make such contracts and provisions as he
may deem most advantageous for the interests
