1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
V *
to assign at more length than I would the
ground for characterizing the plan as cum-
brous, I will turn again to the views expressed
by Dr. Snow, and read a brief passage from
his letter. Speaking of the proposed inquiries
and schedules, he says:
'* I think that some of them-are of very slight im-
portance; a considerable number of them cannot
possibly be obtained with sufficient correctness to
make them of any value whatever; and, for numer-
ous reasons it would be better if many of the items
given were omitted.
" In fact, I am strongly inclined to believe that the
amount of information and the number of items re-
quired by the act as passed by the House are so groat
that they will endanger the correctness and conse-
quent value of the whole census, and besides will
make it impossible to complete the census in the
time required by the act itself.
"This completes tho observations I have to make
in relation to the census act now before the Senate.
With a few remarks in regard to the future action
of Congress I will close.
"In the first place, it is of the utmost importance
Anat speedy action should be had upon the subject.
Every day's delay at the present time is working a
great injury to the census.
"Second. The shortness of tho time before the oen-
sus must be taken, and the consequent difficulty of
making all the necessary preparations, render it
important that the items and the variety of the in-
formation to be obtained should be reduced as much
as possible. It is too late to attempt any now experi-
ments in respect to the information required, or to
attempt to obtain, at least by the machinery provided
in the act, any great amount of information in excess
of that obtained by previous oensuses.
"By the ordinary machinery of our censuses I
think it will be safe to attempt to obtain only such
information as may be necessary for comparisons
with previous censuses, leaving all beyond this to be
obtained by other means."
Mr. President, the weight of the schedules
is one way of comprehending their novel pro- 1
portions. Let us look at that. The single !
schedule of England, a diminutive sheet con- j
taining only nine questions, weighed forty tons. !
I have the English sehedule. It is a single
small page, and yet it weighed forty tons.
One set of these proposed schedales would
weigh eight hundred tons. Two sets of them— I
and two sets are required—would weigh six- i
teen hundred tons, which would be thirteen
tons of mail matter daily for one hundred and
twenty days. I see this statement rouses the
enthusiasm of the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] in behalf of the franking privilege. It
seems to revive his drooping spirits in that
behalf. Take the agricultural schedule, for
example, in duplicate. The nnmber of farms
and the necessary allowance for waste and loss
would require of this one schedule five mil-
lions. Suppose two schedules could be printed
on the same sheet of folio post paper, the
amount of paper needed would be sixty-two
hundred and fifty reams, weighing thirty pounds
per ream. _ The weight of this one schedule
would be ninety tons. The schedules can be
printed, and they can be carried and distributed,
not in portfolios, as the schedules were in 1860.
The different shapes and sizes here required
and the bulk implied would require local trans-
portation in boxes; but they can be printed, I
repeat, and transmitted in the mails. When
transmitted, and distributed, and gathered
again, and copied, and assembled in Washing-
ton, what shall be done with them? Where
shall they be placed and handled ? By whom
shall they be classified? When can they be
Eublished, and what will be the cost of pub-
cation?
At this point I beg to introduce the testi-
mony of another witness, one who, by reason of
his experience, must be intelligent in this par-
ticular. I refer to Mr. Kennedy, who superin-
tended the collection, classification, and pub-
licationofthe censasin 1850, and again in 1860.
I ask the Secretary to read the passage marked
on page 3 of his statement.
The Secretary read as follows:
."The use of separate schedules in our country in
view of tbe details which pervade each, and their
great number and diversity, is to be dcprecated on
many grounds; and in view of the fact that ( he plan
neretolore pursued cannot be shown to have proved
the change1- aDy *n8'ance-1 can 8ee no apology for
••o" J'l)® cost will be enormously increased. j
ldimtl twL be neither a saving of time nor
labor to the enumerator, but the contrary. I
"3. The chances for losses of schodules will be
tenfold.
" 4. If all received at the office, they will prove
unwieldy and unmanageable.
"5. They will, on nccount of tho vastness of accu-
mulation and variety of their details.and tho inequal-
ity of dimensions, become a mass of inexplicable
confusion, unless immense outlay be immediately
j incurred in the preparation of a building with ex-
; pressly devised arrangements for theirpreservation.
I "Their bulk alone would preclude their use, either
I to show errrors in tho census or to prove tho work
! correot. The single schedule of England, a single
: diminutive page, weighed as mail matter forty tons.
One set of the schedules, according to the bill under
consideration, will outweigh the schedule employed
in England more than twentyfold.
"6. The personal schedule will in greaat majority
of cases not be well filled. If the entries are made
by citizens the figures will so vary as to be unintel-
ligible, the ink often bad, tho returns will be marred,
blotted, and changed so as to render them unde-
cipherable, The objections might be carried to much
! greater length. Theywill prove a failureif attempted.
! Paper and printing them will cost over one hundred
! and eighty thousand dollars."
| Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Secretary to
turn to page 4 and read a single paragraph
marked there.
The Secretary read as follows:
I " Regarding the minuteness of the publication of
results as provided by section nineteen, I will merely
statei that to comply literally with the requirements
ofthis section, oombined with the demand made in
lines twelve, thirteen, and fourteen of section twenty-
| two, will result in a compilation of a dozen folio
volumes, involving an expense of millions of dollars.
: Whoever framed this section must have but faintly
appreciated its effect if mado law."
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
; referred to some of the objections, some of
j the dangers, and a part of the increased cost
j involved in the proposed experiment, and now
! I inquire, as I might appropriately have inquired
' in the beginning, for the reasons bringing us to
the necessity of experiments, of new processes,
| of untried projects touching the census ? Has
i the American census been despicable hereto-
! fore? Has it failed in execution? Did it so
fail in 1860? It was an odd and untimely
work to inventory the nation's wealth in the .
midst of a stormy presidential contest, and
amid the sights and sounds of coming war as a i
continent rose to battle. The" publication of '
the work, after the work was done, lagged. 1
The publication lagged, let me say in justice ]
to Mr. Kennedy, for want of appropriations |
and for lack of clerical force. But was it ever
said that the returns were not gathered, that the
execution of the work failed for want of dis-
trict superintendents, or a double force of
enumerators, or a preliminary broadcast of 1
blanket schedules, or an endless maze of new
and curious inquiries, or a ponderous multi-
plication of methods?
This was never said. Was the American
census of 1860 and of 1850 inferior in scope or
range? Sir, its equal was never attempted in
history. There is nothing comparable with it
in the experience of nations. No nation,
ancient or modern, has ever attempted to sur-
pass or to rival it. Yet one might suppose of
late that the American census deserves to be
tabooed and hooted out of scientific society ?
Hear, in answer to the off-hand criticisms at
home, the great praise of one whose approba-
tion was not nourished by national pride, nor
stinted by rivalry or by purposes of personal-
advantage. I ask the Secretary to read a
letter from the French philosopher and scholar,
Guizot, which I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read as follows:
Val Riches, (near Liseaux Calvados,)
September 19, 1865.
Mr Dear Sir: I received only a few days since the
handsome volume which you have done the honor
to send me, which contains the new census of the
population of the United States of America in 1860.
I can form an opinion of the systematie plan of this
vast work ovor which you have presided, which
appears excellent, while the results are infinitely
curious. i
I wonder that in the midst of the tragic events I
which have agitated your country for the last four 1
years a statistical investigation can be proceeded |
with wbieh is so complete and minute in its detail '
of tho movements of the American population and \
of the various classes.
I congratulate you, sir, in having superintended
such a resplendent work, and I oner up the most
sincere prayers that you may be able to emply your-
self on it henceforth in that pence and political
serenity which your glorious country has so well
conquered and merited by its persevering and sUc.
cessf'ul efforts in tho causo of justice, liberty, "and
humanity.
Accept, I pray you, sir, with my thanks, the assur-
ance of my most distinguished consideration, ie
™ GUIZOT.'
To Joseph C. G. Kennedy.
Mr. CONKLING. The census of 1SG0 is
"a resplendent work," says one of the most
illustrious and one of the most thoroughly
informed men of his time ; and yet the Senate
and the public might suppose that attempts at
1 statistical achievement in the United States
have been almost beneath criticism—too dis-
creditable to be continued without radical *
reforms in all respects. Let me read from an
authority of our own country. The General
of the Army, then Major General Sherman
, wrote from St. Louis on the 15th of August
! 1865, thus:
" I now avail myself of theopportunity to give you
credit, for what I have often mentioned to others, the
knowledge of the internal resources of the country
wherein our armies have operated, which enabled
those armies to traco their routes of supply, ivhich
otherwise wouldhave been subjected to blind chance
and it may be to utter failure." * * * •
"By means of these I could easily know where the
fertile and cultivated lands lay, with their products
in animals, grain, <fcc., so that the moment I was
prepared to cut loose as it were from a base of sup-
ply I knew exactly where to look for food. The
closing scenes of our recent war demonstrated the
valuo of these statistical tables and facts, lor there
is a reasonable probability that without them I
would not have undertaken what was done and what
seemed a puzzle to the wisest and most experienced
soldiers of tho world. Even apart from the vast im-
portance of knowing at any and all times the wealth
and resources of the country, this war consideration,
now reduced to a result, will more than compensate
for all the expense incurred in the collection of these
statistics. To you personally I freely confess my
great sense of obligation, for, knowing the trust-
worthiness of those statistical tables,! was enabled
to act with a eonfidence that insured success; and
therefore, I beg to do you all honor.
" Hoping that Congress may soon remove present
obstacles, and that you may live long to continue in
the sphere of usefulness thus begun, I subscribe
myself, your friend and servant,
"W. T. SHERMAN,
" Major General.
"Jos. C. G. Kbnnkdy, Esq.. Cennut Bureau.
' Washington, t>. C."
There is the testimony of a citizen, a pro-
fessor in a college, a man of culture and of
practice before he assumed military command,
and before he returned from that march from
Atlanta to the sea, which has taken its place
| in history as one ofthemost remarkable achieve-
i ments in the annals of mankind.
j I find, too, in a report, I might say a posthu-
' mous report, coming to us now in the interest
of the House bill, this admission:
'' Two dates may be fixed upon that are justly enti-
tled to be called eras: 1787, the era of the Constitu-
tion, when the national Government made itself
responsible for taking a decennial enumeration of the
people; 1850, when the law under which the last two
censuses were taken, was passed, a law that gave us
in 1860 the most complete census that any nation
has ever had."
Mr. President, possessing a census and the
legislative machinery for continuing a cen-
sus "the most complete that any nation
ever had," finding in the statute-book an act
carefully molded by the thought and study
of wise men, applicable in all essentials now,
the committee judged that a project so novel,
so full of innovation, so untried, and so costly
as that which has gained the assent of the
House should not be suddenly adopted. It
was thought that it would be odious, and
justly odious, to the nation, unless it achieved
complete success. The Declaration of Inde-
pendence, a document stiH sometimes cited,
complained of "an army of office-holders who
eat out our substance;" and an army of office-
holders, added to the forces already in the
field, would not be more welcome now than
a less army was to our fathers. A multitude
of paid agents which no man can number, sent
upon distasteful errands, unless something like
necessity can be pleaded, would tattoo any
scheme from head to foot with just condemna-
tion ; and should the scheme fail beside, it
would be bad indeed. Absolute success and
