APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. op Beps.
Abolition of Franking Privilege—Mr. Hill.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
ineligible by bribery and treating at the then
election; and in these eases the election was
declared void and the petitioners not seated.
In the Cheltenham case the returned member
was unseated and the election declared void
on the charge that bribery had been committed
by the returned member although the voters
had notice. But in this case the committee
were divided—two for giving the seat to the
petitioner, who had the next highest vote, and
three against it. This last case occurred in
1848, and is the only single case to be found
where there is anything like a controversy as to
the doctrine contended for. But in Septem-
ber, 1848, just one week after this decision in
the Cheltenham case, and in a case which was
exactly similar—the second Horsham case
(see printed minntes)—upon the returned mem-
ber being unseated the candidate having the
next highest on the poll was admitted to the
seat.
The Penryn and Inverkeithing cases were
decided on the ground that the returned mem-
ber must be disqualified by reason of some act
prior to the time of the election, and the peti-
tioners refused the seats because the acts com-
plained of had occurred at the then election for
which they were returned, which removes these
cases out of the way entirely and leaves only
the Cheltenham case, decided by a divided com-
mittee, constituting the single case which con-
troverts the position contended for, which has
occurred in more than two hundred years.
The case of Horsham, September, 1848, is
the last case where this question has been
made in the English Parliament. The House
of Commons journals show a number of cases
since where elections have been declared void
by reason of the disqualification of candidates,
but no case where the seat has been claimed
by the next highest, so that it leaves the law
of the English Parliament by the last decision,
and by every single case which has there oc-
curred, except the Cheltenham case, in favor
of the doctrine here contended for.
The facts in this case, Mr. Speaker, and the
law and authorities applicable to them and
recited by me, are in my opinion conclusive.
In no sense has W. D. Simpson been elected a
member of this body, and both facts and law
show in unmistakable terms that A. S. Wallace
is entitled to his seat as a member of Congress
lrom the fourth congressional district of the
State of South Carolina. And in my opinion
justice demands that this House should adopt
the majority report in this case of the Commit-
mittee of Elections, to which is appended the
following resolution :
Hesohed, That upon the papers referred to the
Committee of Elections in tho contested case of A. S.
V\ allaco vs. W. D. Simpson, from the fourth con-
gressional district of South Carolina, A. S. Wallace
is prima facie entitled to a seat in the House as their
Representative of said district, subjectto the future
action of the House as to the merits of the case.
Abolition of Franking Privilege.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN HILL,
op new jersey,
In the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1870.
The House having under consideration tho bill (H.
R. No. 986) to abolish tho franking privilege—
Mr. HILL said :
Mr. Speaker: This bill is in substance the
same as the one I introduced at the opening of
the session, having been revised in committee.
It is not the first time, sir, thatlhave advocated
this measure on this floor. The abolition of
the franking privilege is no new subject in this
House. For years there have been resolutions
and discussions in regard to its repeal, but not
until this session has any earnest and determ-
ined effort been made for its entire abolition.
During the last few weeks petitions have been
coming in by the thousand asking that this
privilege be abolished. Public opinion very
strongly demands it, the press of the country
unanimously urge it, and every consideration
of economy, justice, and " equal right" to all
calls for it.
The franking privilege was inaugurated in
the early history of our country, at a time when
the salary of a member of Congress amounted
to $800 for the short term and about fifteen hun-
dred dollars for the long term ; when postage
was at the rate of from ten, twelve and half,
and eighteen and three quarters cents under four
hundred miles, and twenty-five cents for dis-
tances over four hundred miles ; when the coun-
try was not in a very prosperous condition, and
when mail routes were few and short. If there
ever was a necessity for the franking privilege
it was at that time; but that necessity has
passed away. The salaries of members of Con-
gress and Government officials have been raised;
postage has been reduced to two and three cents
for any distance, though our mail routes are
far more numerous and lengthy, there being
now two hundred and twenty-three thousand
miles of mail routes and over ninety million
miles of annual transportation of mails.
It is said by some that if the franking priv-
ilege is abolished there will be no saving to the
Post Office Department, that no contractor
will be paid less for carrying the mails, and no
saving aside from getting the mails carried at
a less price. In reply to the first objection, I
cannot tell whether they would be carried for
less or not, but would state that a bill is now
before the Post Office Committee asking for an
additional one hundred per cent, for carrying
the mails, and the great reason and argument
urged is that there are so many public docu-
ments loading down the mails that contractors
cannot carry them at present rates, and hence
want more pay. Another argument in favor
of this reform is that if the mails were free
from these heavy public documents we should
have more prompt transmission and delivery
of mail matter, the mails being often block-
aded with these public documents, and are
therefore frequently behind time.
In reference to the other objection, "that
nothing will be saved aside from getting the
mails carried at a less pricee," I would state that
I have ascertained from the postmaster of this
city that during the last three weeks, ten days
of which Congress was not in session, there
has been an average of over four tons per day
of free matter sent out from the city post office",
the postage upon which if paid would amount
to about two thousand dollars per day. This
does not include any other free matter that has
come into the office during that time; and this
is only one of the many large post offices in
the country through which franked mail mat-
ter passes. It is fair to presume that the post-
age on free matter that passes through other
offices would amount to as much if not more
than the above sum.
I find in the city post office here nearly one
hundred persons employed, the great portion
of them at work almost entirely on free mail-
able matter. I found when there that large
office piled full of bags containing tons of
franked matter, and was informed that this
was a daily occurrence. I found there a large
number of horses and wagons, with teamsters
and others, bringing ^in and taking out free
matter, and I think it is safe to say that the
postage alone, if it was paid on all this free
matter, would amount to one or two million
dollars or more per a^amm. The fraud and
the abuse of the privilege is very great, and
amounts to a large sum of money, and is be-
yond the control of the Postmaster General.
There can be scarcely a doubt if the privi-
lege is abolished that many of the public docu-
ments now issued would not be printed, and that
$1,000,000 would be saved in that direction.
I know of an ex-member of Congress who a
few years ago had cart-loads of public docu-
ments sent through the mails to his home, and
he afterward sold them for three cents a pound,
the price of waste paper and rags; another
had his barn filled with them, to use his
own words; and a third had his house well
filled, and many there are who have their
garrets full of them, and all this after having
cost the Government a large sum for carrying
them in the mails, for clerk hire in handling
them, and for bags, boxes, &c., to send them in.
Why, Mr. Speaker, should a few enjoy cer-
tain privileges at the expense of the many ?
Why should thirty-one thousand of my con-
stituents who get no public documents pay for
those furnished to a few or to ten or twelve
hundred at most? It is neither right nor just.
If we cannot afford' to give to all, then dispense
with the printing and let all share alike. One
of each of these documents could be placed in
the public libraries of each district ana all who
desire have access to them, and perhaps more
general information be gained from them than
by the present mode of distribution.
It is a common remark that hundreds of tons
of public documents are annually ground into
fresh stock for paper, and undoubtedly in some
instances they are sold to the Government for
fresh printing. This abuse should bereformed,
and we should commence the reform here
to-day by the passage of this bill. The Post
Office Department should stand on its own
footing, and each department of Government
pay its own postage the same as they pay for
stationary, light, and fuel.
This bill contemplates that all matter that
passes through the mail shall pay postage, and
if the Post Office Department is thus relieved
of the incumbrances that have been hanging
upon it for years it is believed that it will pay
its way and be placed in such position that we
may hope soon to reduce the rates of postage
for the forty million people of this great coun-
try, when all alike may enjoy its benefits. If
we can bring this about and obtain cheap post-
age it will accomplish much good ; and I have
no doubt that the constituents of every mem-
ber of this House will lift up both hands and
thank them for it, as they will thank them now
for doing away with the franking privilege and
its abuses.
There is an army of thirty-one thousand
nine hundred and seventy-three men who use
the frank and enjoy the "privilege" of sending
what they please through the mails. Why
should the favored few be allowed this privilege
at the expense of the many who do not enjoy
it ? It is not right in principle under a Gov-
ernment like this. I have here in my desk
petitions signed by thousands of my constitu-
ents asking that this privilege may be abolished.
[Mr. Hiu then took from his desk a mammoth
petition, held it up, and asked that it be placed
on file.] The people everywhere, with a re-
markable unanimity, ask for this reform; they
ask for it as a measure of public economy ;
they demand it as an act of simple justice to
the great mass of our constituents, who while
enjoying none of the advantages of free -mail
matter are the more heavily taxed on their
correspondence to bear the expense of this
privilege for the favored few.
The people are becoming restless under the
continued burden of taxation. In my district,
and also in many other districts, many of our
manufacturing establishments are lying still
because of the depression ox'trade. Working-
men and mechanics by the thousand are idle
for the want of employment and they are look-
ing to Congress for relief; they are calling for
the strictest economy in all Government ex-
penditures, to the end that excises may be
speedily lightened ; they fully understand that
our revenue is derived from the industry of the
