1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2971
of the Government, for the preservation, sale,
or collection of any property which may have
been wrecked, abandoned, or become dere-
lict, being within the jurisdiction of the United
States, or which ought to coma to the_ United
States, or any moneys, dues, and other interests
belonging to the United States which are now
withheld or retained by any person, corpora-
tion, or municipality whatever, and which onght
to have come into the possession and custody
of, or been collected or received by the United
States; and in such contracts to allow such
compensation to any person giving information
thereof, and who shall actually preserve, col-
lect, surrender, or pay over the same, as the j
Secretary of the Treasury may deem just and {
reasonable; provided, that no cost or claim, j
of whatever name or nature, shall become ]
chargeable to the United States in so obtain-
ing, preserving, collecting, receiving, or making
available property, debts, dues, or interests
which shall not be paid from such moneys as
shall be realized and received from the prop-
erty so collected under each specific agree-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. I hope there will be unani-
mous consent to the passage of this joint reso-
lution, and I desire to make a single remark
with reference to it. There is a great amount
of munitions of war which had been secreted
at the close of the rebellion, and this is to
authorize the Secretary of War to take meas-
ures to reclaim property of that kind. If this
does not become law soon this property will
soon be out of our reach, as a good deal of it
is out of our reach already.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. PETERS. I move to suspend the rules,
in order that the bill may be put upon its
passage.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will permit
me to say a word or two I may withdraw my
objection on hearing the explanations which
the gentleman may have to offer with regard
to the joint resolution. My objection to it is
that it is entirely too sweeping in its character;
that it authorizes an executive officer of the
Government to do that which, in my judgment,
the House should not authorize him to do, and
that it is proposed to put through a measure
of this character without an opportunity for
debate. We have a large claim, for instance,
in England. There are municipalities North
and South which claim to have in their pos-
session some articles which under this resolu-
tion the Secretary of War might claim. Then,
again, it authorizes the Secretary to expend any
amount of money that he may Bee proper in
an attempt to recover some property, whether
it belonged to the Government or not. Now,
if the gentleman can explain away the grounds
of my objection I wiH probably withdraw it.
Mr. PETERS. If the House will pardon me,
I will say that the joint resolution as read was
the printed one without the written amend-
ments which were put in by the Judiciary
Committee and which considerably soften the
rigorous enactment to which the gentleman
objects, and also that one of the amendments
provides that it shall be property within the
jurisdiction of the United States at this time.
The amendments have been framed with a great
deal of care and consideration by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and the joint resolu-
tion is reported nnanimously.
The single object of the joint resolution is
just this: there were large quantities of muni-
tions of war and public property which at the
close of the rebellion were secreted somewhere
in the South. Perhaps it would not be advis-
able to name the precise locality at this time.
This property is being carried off piecemeal
into Mexico, but it is of a character not to be
easily moved at once, and the object of this
joint resolution is to authorize the Secretary
to make such bargains and provisions as he
sees fit, under the circumstances of the case, to
reclaim the property, but to make no bargain
or condition whatever whereby he will pat the
Government to any expense.but what will be
repaid out of the property. I thiuk that the
friends of the gentleman from New York on
the Judiciary Committee were perfectly satis-
fied that the joint resolution ought to pass,
after a great deal of consideration, and it
ought to pass now to be made available.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask the gentleman
from Maine if the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] who is on that committee, as-
sented to this resolution ?
Mr. PETERS. I supposed he did. If he did
not I am not aware of it.
Mr. WOOD. I am informed that he did
not consent to it and does not wish it to pass.
Mr. PETERS. I supposed that he did. I
move that the rules be suspended and the joint
resolution passed.
Mr. PAINE. Before that motion is put I
would like to have the gentleman inform the
House why it is desirable in this case to have
the work done by contract instead of through
the agency of officers of the Government as in
ordinary cases.
Mr. PETERS. The resolution provides that
the Secretary shall make contracts or provis-
ions. It is left discretionary with the Secre-
tary, and I know that nobody will have any
doubt that he will pursue the best course under
the circumstances iu relation to it.
Mr. WOOD. 1 would like to inquire if the
pending motion would preclude any further
discussion on this subject? Is the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution ?
Mr. PETERS. That is my motion.
Mr. WOOD. Well, I hope the gentleman
will not force this measure through the House
until we have some more light on the subject.
Mr. PETERS. I shall try it at all events.
The question was put on Mr. Peters'a mo-
tion ; and there were—ayes 81, noes 41.
Mr. PETERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 99, noes 47.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended; and the joint resolution,
as amended by the Judiciary Committee, was
passed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 116) to construe an act
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled an
'Act to confirm certain land claims in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.'"
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill (H.
R. No. 9) extending the time for revising and
consolidating the statutes of the United States,
with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on their amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 120) declaratory of the meaning and inten-
tion of the law relating to income tax, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Morrill of
Vermont, conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on their amendment to the bill
(H. R. No. 1595) to amend an act entitled
"An act providing for the taking of the sev-
enth and subsequent censuses of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives, and to pro-
vide for their future apportionment among the
several States," approved May 23,1850, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Conkijng, Mr. Bayard, and Mr. Carpenter
conferees on the part of the Senate.
order op business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist on the regular
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
special order; and if we can work until five
o'clock I will not ask for an evening session.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I objectto workinguntil
five o'clock unless I can get in my resolution.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask leave to report an
appropriation bill, so that it may be printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. =Maynard] has called for the reg-
ular order, which is the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to suspend the
rules and resolve the House into Committee of
the Whole on the special order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let us vote that down
and beat the Committee of Ways and Means
once.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 66, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules and go into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were—ayes fourteen.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Accordingly, the motion of Mr. Schenck was
agreed to.
tariff bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending paragraph as it has been amended
by the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
leas finished than bars and more advanced than pig
iron, except eastings, $18 per ton: Provided, That on
all ends, clippings, punchings, turnings, and borings
of new iron, fit only to be remannfactured into ingots
and bars, a duty shall be paid of $11 per ton.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is one offered by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] and will be read by
the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the paragraph the following:
Provided further, Tnat any such ends, clippings, or
punchings which shall hare been cut, stamped, or
partially prepared for any article of manufactnre,
and which shall be entered or attempted to bo en-
tered under this subdivision, shall be forfeited to the
United States.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Committee
of the Whole was last in session upon this bill
tellers were ordered upon the pending amend-
ment. Upon a division the tellers reported
that no quorum voted. The tellers, Mr. Con-
ger and Mr. Hawlet, will again resume their
station, and the committee will again vote on
this amendment.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 79, noes 36.
So the amendment was adopted.
While the committee was dividing,
Mr. VOORHEES said: I desire to state that
I am paired with Mr. Morrell, of Pennsyl-
vania, upon all questions relating to the tariff.
I presume it is not necessary for me to explain
how he would vote on this question if he were
present, or how I would vote if I were not
paired.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, (comprising flat
bars,) not less than one and a half nor more than four
inches wide, nor less than half an inch nor more than
two inches thick, 1 cent per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words " and
a half;" also by striking out "four," and
inserting " six;" also by striking ont " half,"
