1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4859
framer of the first purely Republican platform
ofresolutions ever adopted in the State in mass
convention. Those resolutions have formed
the basis of operations of the party fiom that
up to the present tiuie. From that time, with
u more extended and intimate personal ac-
quaintance, my attachment to him and respect
for him have grown to a degree of the warmest
and strongest nature. In his honesty of pur-
pose and integrity of character I entertained
the most implicit confidence; and to him I
often applied for advice. In matters of great
weight and importance to be considered by this
body to none could I turn with assurance of
more safe counsel. Calm, dispassionate, and
a conscientious Christian gentleman, always
taking a full survey of the field of action before
arriving at conclusions, his record will show
that he made but few mistakes.
As an adopted citizen of North Carolina none
have endeared themselves more to the people
of t.he State. As an evidence of their continued
confidence in him and their appreciation of his
services, the Republicans of his district unan-
imously renominated him for reelection to a
seat in this House. But alas! the sickle of
Time has cut him oft'. He has paid a debt
that we must all pay, sooner or later. David
Hisatox is no more. He has gone to that bourn
from whence none returns.
As a token of his love and devotion to his
adopted State, among his last rt quests was one
thai, he be laid beneath the sod of her native
soil. As a token of his patriotism and devotion
to his whole country and to his Government,
his dying request was that he be laid near the
staff that beais the ensign of freedom—the flag
of his country. Peace to his ashes !
Mr. DOCKERY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in a
few words to sccond the adoption of the reso-
lutions of my colleague, [Mr. Coisb,] of the first
district. North Carolina to-day mourns the
loss of an honored Representative in the Con-
gress of the United States; a vacancy exists
in her delegation. Hon. David Heaton is no
more. He expired at his lodgings in this city,
breathing his last this morning at five o'clock,
surrounded by relatives and friends who had
been for weeks anxiously watching by his bed-
side in hopeful anticipation of a favorable re-
action of that dread disease which has termin-
ated his existence on earth.
Our late colleague was born in Ohio, March
10, 182-3 ; received a fair academic education,
read law, and filled several places of honor
and trust in the State of his birth. In 1857
' he moved to the State of Minnesota, where he
likewise was honored with positions ol respons-
ibility and trust. In the year 1863, (warned
by ihe premonitory symptoms ol that disease
which at length proved fatal,) he soughtrefuge
in the unifcrmiiy of temperature and mildness
of climate of my own State, locating in the
beautiful and growing city ot Newbern ; and
enteiing at once with all the devotion, energy,
and zeal of a native-born North Carolinian
iuio the means necessary to the_ promotion of
the well-being and happiness ot the people of
his section.
The collapse of the rebellion found him sur-
rounded wilh many friends, who appreciated
his mental and moral worth, and urged him ior-
w;ud as tiieUnion standard-bearer m the ardu-
ous and i('sponsible duties incident to recon-
struction in the State of North Carolina. _ He
was a prominent member of the constitutional
convention which assembled in Raleigh in 18G7,
and then and there took a bold position in
1:ia or of human rights, political and civil equal-
ity. and b> his practical views and suavity of
manner s'liicceJed in inaugurating a liberality
of' rrt'nnem and kindliness of lone winch our
people have, justly appreciated, and lor which
tncy will ever feel grateful.
lis1 was ti iuiiiphautly elccted to the Fortieth
and Forty-First Const cases, and was, 1 believe;,
unanimouslv renominated to the Forty-Second
Congress. In politics Colonel Heaton was a
decided Republican, yet neither bitter nor un-
relenting in his views. An Old Line Whig, be
loved tiie Union and revered with filial devo-
tion the early teachings of the fathers of the
Government. Preeminently conservative, he
could not advocate a disruption of our Amer-
ican system, or lend in any manner his "coun-
tenance or aid" to any scheme tending to
weaken the bonds which hold us together; but
everywhere, on all occasions, and under all cir-
cumstances he deprecated sectionalism and in-
culcated enlarged views, comprehensive ideas,
and national sentiments.
In private life his character was unsullied.
Not a single stain, to my knowledge, has ever
rested on his fair name. This indeed is a
high honor, one of which his family and friends
may indeed feel proud ; for amid the degener-
acy of the times, the prostitution of holy things
to selfish ends, incident to the disorganization
of southern society on the close of the rebel-
lion, many fell and but few stood. Colonel
Heaton was an honest man, and withstood
temptation boldly, defiantly, and successfully.
As a member of our delegation he was kind,
courteous, respectful, and confiding. As a Rep-
resentative he was watchful, faithful, and true.
In the family circle he was all that the marital
and parental relationship required; an affec-
tionate husband, indulgent father, and beloved
companion.
Quietly has ho passed away in perfect res-
ignation to the will of his Maker, and his family
and friends have every assurance that with
him "all is well," and that "our loss is un-
doubtedly his gain."
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, the announce-
ment that Death has once more invaded our
threshold and removed one of our members
reminds us that no station in life secures im-
munity from his visitation.
He whose death has just been announced by
his colleague entered Congress from North
Carolina during the term in which 1 first took
my seat as a member from Illinois.. The casual
acquaintance that existed between us during
the Fortieth Congress ripened into friendship
and some degree of intimacy, as members of
the Committee of Elections, in the present Con-
gress. Promp't in discharge of all his duties
as a member, unyielding in maintaining and
defending his own convictions of right, he was
yet uniformly mild in manner, conciliatory in
conduct, and oil all occasions true to himself
as a gentleman in the fullest meaning of the
term.
His was one of the natures never ruffled
by the storm of passion, nor moved by any
semblance of vindictive or revengeful feeling.
Never himself bitter in manifestation of feel-
ing, he was never, in my knowledge, the object
of such manifestation on the part of others.
Friendly and cordial in liis relations to his fel-
low-members, his death is sincerely deplored
and his removal from our midst lamented by
all. Sir, while it is not my province to be his
eulogist, I feel that, the present solemn occasion
calls upon us, as his survivors, to bear in mind
the fact that legislation and public duties will
not exonerate us or any one of us from the
stroke of death. While paying the last sad
tribute of respect to our lamented friend,
while standing, as it were, around the shrouded
form of the departed, we may each exclaim, in
the language of another, "This is the last ot
earth I"
With this solemn admonition, let us each
return to a discharge of our public duties with
lull remembrance of the fact that soon we too
must be borne from the presence of the living,
and leave the future to judge us by our iecords.
Let us each in our official relations cultivate a
spirit, of conciliation and kindness. Let us
also be mindful of the responsibilities that rest
upon us in view of that nevei-ending lite to
\Uiieh this is but the ante-chamber. Let us
listen to the touching and impressive language
of one of America's sweetest writers:
" So live that when thy summons comes to join
The innumerable caravan which moves
To that mysterious realm where each shall take
His chamber in the silent halls of death,
Thou go not, like the quarry-stave at, night,
Scourged to his dungeon, but, sustained and
soothed
By an unfaltering trust, approach thy grave.
Like one that wraps the drapery of liis couch
About him, and lies down to ploasant dreams."
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, since the death of
Judge Douglas I have not spoken here any
eulogy of the dead. Many dear ones, asso-
ciates here, have gone. I have mourned them
silently ; but for my friend Mr. Heaton I bieak
t>hat silence, lie is native to my native State
of Ohio. He was a line scholar and lawyer.
He was an honest and true man in many
senses. I am alone, perhaps, in this House in
remembering him longest—since 1855-56. In
the winter of those years, while I was editing
the organ of the Democratic party of Ohio, I
made Mr. Heaton'8 acquaintance. I was not
in accord with him in my politics. He was a.
Whig. He became a warm friend and advo-
cate of Frftmont in 1856, and of Governor
Chase during the winter of 1858-57, while a
member of the Ohio senate. It was in that
year, while I was observant of public men at
the capital of Ohio, that I noted Mr. Heaton.
He won the affection and esteem of Governor
Chase and his Republican confreres. Rarely,
very rarely did Governor Chase appoint the
wrong man to office.
In 1857 Mr. Heaton left Ohio. He went to
Minnesota, I think, for his health. Perhaps
for health, and not for political aspirations, ho
went to North Carolina. Ilis life there is un-
known to me, except that as an agent of the
Treasury, and as president of the Newborn
Bank, and in other fiduciary capacities he
proved himself a fair, just,, and honest man.
What were the elements of our American
politics which sent my friend to this House I
am not able to discuss. I am sure that, aside
from all political considerations, he was a gen-
tle, kind, persuasive man.
It has been recognized as the best tribute
to the good on earth—ay, even to the Saviour
of mankind, who once "wore earth about
him," that he was the first true gentleman
that ever breathed. I am sure that my friend,
who has gone to give his account at the great
White Throne, where we must all appear, had
elements of gentleness and sweetness, added
to probity and energy, which will not allow his
name to be willingly forgotten.
Jn this month of June, when nature is so
prodigal of life, the body of my friend has gona
beneath the earth. I trust his soul has gone
to the realms of the blessed! But I would
hurab'y lay my little June rose on his grave,
while I second the resolution in honor of his
memory.
ilr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I, too, would add a word of tribute to the
memory of the worthy member who has left,
us. We were for several years residents of
the same place in Minnesota, and thus was
given me an opportunity of realizing the noble
traits of character which so endeared him to
all who knew him. For several terms he oc-
cupied the position of senator in the Legisla-
ture of my State, and always maintained that
high character established with those from
whom he came to us, and so well retained
among those for whom he left us. An invalid
I almost, through life, his removals from Ohio
to Minnesota, and thence to North Carolina,
were but searchings for some more genial'
clime that might stay the hand of death, whose
finger so plainly pointed him out an early vic-
tim. But his long suffering only added to the
purity and serenity of his character. Long-
continued disease, so often producing irritabil-
ity, to his sweet disposition brought the gentle-
ness of woman.
