1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 17, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. 6. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
fort gratiot military reservation.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Appropri-
ations a bill (H. R. No. 945) to provide for the
survey of Fort Gratiot military reservation.
The bill was read. It appropriates out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated the sum of $3,000 to complete the
survey and subdivision of Fort Gratiot military
reservation, in pursuance of law; the money to
be returned to the Treasury from the proceeds
of the sale of any part of said military reserva-
tion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
transfer of printing appropriations.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, report-
ed back from the Committee on Appropriations
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 150) to transfer an
appropriation for the public printing.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to trans-
fer from the paper fund tinder appropriations
for printing and binding for the year 1869, as
follows: for public printing, $90,000; for pub-
lic binding, $60,000.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
lime, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvement of navigable rivers.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 195) in
relation to the removal of obstructions in cer-
tain navigable rivers therein named ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, aud ordered to
be printed.
virginia.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Whereas the Legislature of Virginia has vacated
all the offices in Virginia by ail act called " tho en-
abling act," and given tlio power of appointment to
fill these offices to the Governor of the State, msome
eases, and in others to the judges to be elected by
said Legislature: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Reconstruction Committee of
this House be, and they hereby aro, instructed to in-
quire and report to this Houso whether the passage
and enforcement of the said enabling act and the
consequent change of the form of government in
Virginia by which the constitution of the State is
disregarded and the power to oleet their own officers
taken from the people and given to individuals is not
such a violation of the constitution of Virginia.^ and
of the fundamental conditions upon which said State
was admitted to representation in Congress. to
demand the interposition of Congress in order that
a "republican form of government" may besecured
in Virginia.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
that.
Mr. PLATT. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection. If lie believes the
action of his friends in Virginia is constitu-
tional he certainly should have no objection
to this resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We have had
Virginia reconstructed three or four times
already.
Mr. PLATT., She needs reconstruction
again. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. PLATT. Is there any way under the
rules of the House by which a matter of this
kind can be brought before the House for con-
sideration? It is a matter of immense im-
portance.
The SPEAKER. It can be introduced in
the morning hour on Monday for reference on
the call erf States, and after the morning hour
on Monday the gentleman can move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. PLATT. I understand in the morning
hour oil Monday I can only introduce a joint
resolution or bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can intro-
duce this in the form of a joint resolution for
reference to the Committee on Reconstruction.
union cemeteries.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to take proper steps to perfect the title
in the United States Government to the Arlington
property and all other ground in which Union sol-
diers aro buried, and that it report by bill for that
purpose.
fremont, ohio.
Mr. DICKINSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1545) relinquish-
ing whatever title may remain in the United
States to a certain parcel of ground in Frfemont,
Ohio, to the corporation of Fr6mont; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
minnesota and "winnipeg railroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unauimous
consent, presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, relative to a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
some point on the western boundary of Minne-
sota to the Winnipeg district of British North
America; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
united states bonds.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
and he is hereby, dircc-ted to furnish this House, at
his earliest convenience, and in as condensed a form
as shall be consistent with a full statement of each
class of expenditure, an account of the disbursements
of the several appropriations made by Congress to
pay the expenses of issuing and salo of the public
bonds of the United States, for commissions, cost of
ongraving, cost of paper, cost of printing, and other
expenses, under tb e foilowing acts of Congress, to wit:
Act of March 2,1861, in the sum of.  $10,000
Act of July 17,1861, in the sum of.  200,000
Act of August 5,1861, in the sum of  100,000
Act of February 25,1862, in tlio sum of.  800,000
Act of J uly 11,1862, in the sum of.    300,000
Act of March 3, 1863, in the sum of.  6O0,OOO
Act of March 3,1861, in the sum of.  100,000
Act of Juno 30. 1864, in the sum of.  400,000
Act of March 3,1865, in the sum of.  600,000
Act of July 23.1866. in the sum of.  2,000,00!)
Act of March 2, "1867, in the sum of.  2,000,000
Act of July 20,186S, in the sum of  1,250,000
Act ol' March 3,186i), in the sum of  400,000
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object.
territory of' alaska.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution relating to lands
in Alaska:
Resoloed, Th;it the Committee on the Public Lands
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for oxtending the homestead and pre-
emption laws over the territory of Alaska, together
with the land laws of the United States generally,
so far as they may be applicable and necessary.
Mr. CULLOM. I will state to the gentleman
that there is a bill before the Committee on
the Territories which covers this case entirely.
The committee will report on it in a day or
two.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cullom] object to the consider-
ation of tbe resolution?
Mr. CULLOM. I do.
order oe business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call
for tbe regular order.
j he SPEAKER. The regular order of
business having been called, the morning hour
has commenced, and committees will be called
for reports, beginning with the Committee on
Mines and Mining, where the call last rested.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire of the Chair
what becomes of the Washington and New
York railroad bill which was before the Houso
at the close of the morning hour yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. It is on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. CULLOM. How will it come again
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It will not be reached
until the House goes by a special vote to the
business on the Speaker's table.
adverse report.
Mr. FERRISS, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, reported adversely on the bill (II.
R. No. 1045) in relation to tunnel claims; and
the same was laid on the table.
mining claims.
Mr. SARGENT. I am unanimously in-
structed by the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing to re^prt back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 562) to
amend an act granting the right of way to
ditch and canal owners over the public lands,
and for other purposes.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The billwas read. It proposes to amend the
act granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes, approved July 26, 1866, by adding
thereto the followingadditional sections, num-
bered twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, andsix-
teen respectively, which shall hereafter consti-
tute and form a part of the aforesaid act:
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, Thatelaims usually
called " placers," including all forms of deposit, ex-
cepting veins of quartz, or other rook in place, shall
bo subject to entry and patent under this act, under
like circumstances and conditions, a.nd upon similar
proceedings, as aro provided for vein or lode claims :
Provided, Thatwherothelandshavo been previously
surveyed by the United States tho entry in its ex-
terior limits shall conform to tho legal subdivisions
of tho public lands, no further survey or plat in such
case being required, and the lands may be paid for at
the rate e>f $2 50 per acre: Provided further. That
legal subdivisions of forty acres may be subdivided
into ten-acre tracts; and that two or more persons,
or associations of persons, having contiguous claims,
may makejoint entry thereof: And provided further,
That no location of a placer claim hereafter made
shall exceed one hundred and sixty acres for any one
person or association of persons; and nothing in this
section contained shall defeat or impair any bona
fide preemption or homestead claim, or authorize the
sale of tho improvements of any bona fide settler lo
any othor purchaser.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That where paid
person or association, tlicy and their grantors, shall
have hold and worked their said claims for a period
equal to the time prescribed by tho statute of limit-
ations for milling claims of the State or Territory
whore the same may bo situated, evidence of such
possession and working of the claims for such period
shall bo sufficient to establish a right to a patent
thereto under this act, in the absence of any adverse
claim.
Sec. 14. Andbeit further enacted. That all affidavits
required to bo made under this act, or the act of
which it is amendatory, maybe verified before any
officer authorized to administer oaths within the land
district where the claims may be situated, and all tes-
timony and proofs may be taken before any such
officer, and, when duly certified by the officer taking
tbe same, shall have the same force and effect as if
takon before tile rogister and receiver of the land
office: Provided, That in all causes of contest such
testimony and proofs shall only bo taken on at lqa-.t
ten days' personal notice to the opposing parties,
when such parties can bo found; and if they cannot
be lound, then by at least forty days' publication
in a newspaper published nearest to the location of
said claims; and the register of the land office shall
require proof that such notice has been given.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That registers
and receiversshall receive the same fees forserviees
under this act as are provided by law for like ser-
vices under other acts of Congress; and that ettect
shall bo given to the foregoingact according to such
regulations as may bo prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.  ,
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, Tuat so much
of the act of March 3,1853, entitled An act to pro-
vide for tho survey of tho public andsin GantoiniJ,
tlio granting of preemption rights, and loi_ou e..
purposes," as provides that none other than township
l'nes shall be surveyed where the lands are mineral,
if Web" repealed. And the public surveys aro
hereby oxtended over all suchUnds: Provide., ^ aa*
