2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
all subdividing of surveyed lauds into lota less than
one hundred and sixty acres may be done by county
and local surveyors at the expense of the e!. m-
ants.
Mr. WARD. That seems to be a very im-
portant bill. I trust it will be explained by
the gentleman who reports it before it is pnt
on its passage.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I will ex-
plain the bill before asking a vote oil it. In
July, I860, Congress passed a law by which
the holders of quartz raining claims could pur-
chase their claims. It extended the principle
of the preemption laws and recognised the
possession of miners so far as quartz mines
■were concerned. That law in-its purposes was
most excellent. Its intention was that the men
who were investing large amounts of money or
of labor to carry on mining industry orwcpiartz
veins shonld have the right to buy for a cer-
tain stipulated amount the claims which they
were improving, and out of 'which they were
taking the gold and the silver which passed into
the currents of trade. The bill, however, in
some respects did not reach its full beneficial
intents from difficulties which—I think rather
by the construction of the Land Office than by
the intention of Congress—were thrown into
the way of miners in proving up their preemp-
tions, or "claims," as they are called in mining
parlance. The acft, however, has been availed
of to a certain extent by quartz miners. The
proposition of this bill is to extend the princi-
ples of that act relieved of the features which
obstruct its beneficial operation to general rain-
ing claims. We propose by this bill to allow the
placer miner who owns a limited quantity of
land under mining customs to come before the
land office and make proof of his possession,
and having so done to the satisfaction of the
Government, and shown that thero is no ad-
verse claim whatever, that then he shall pay
double the minimum price for his claim and
have a patent for it.
The principle of the bill, as I have said, is
exactly that of the homestead bill or the pre-
emption laws in that it recognizes a prior pos-
session by the miner and enables him, by virtue
of that possession, and on payment of the price
which is charged in the bill, to have a title to
the land. Now, the effect of tliia bill, which is
most earnestly asked for by the miners of the
country generally, as 1 can show by the press
of the mining States and Territories ancl by
the resolutions of public, meetingsheld among
the miners having reference to this bill—the
eireet of it will be that our mining population
will be attached to the soil, that they will bo
changed from the nomadic, wandering charac-
ter which they now have to settled communi-
ties. They will have an interest in the soil
which ditfers from the present mere tenancy at
will in having a foe-simple title, whereby a man
in putting valuable improvements on his land
will know that it cannot be taken from him
either by changed policy of the Government
or by any person among hia neighbors who may
desire to take it away from liim by fraud or
forco. The effect will be to save the miners
aii immense amount of litigation among them-
selves as to priority of claims, boundaries,
and the thousand and one questions which,
where a title cannot be obtained from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, come up mouth
after month to occupy our courts, to tax the
miners with the expense of tedious litigation,
and thereby to make mining expensive and
unprofitable and to discourage it.
1 think that this principle of the bill will be
assented to by every gentleman. There cer-
tainly is a great difference in the prosperity of
communities where the soil is owned by small
proprietors and those where there is no right
to the soil itself or to the improvements placed
upon it. I might point to the condition in
which the tenant system has left Ireland. I
might appeal to the common sense of every
gentleman if it does not conduce io the pros-
perity of any community that those who ex-
ercise its industry shall own the soil ; if it
does not encourage them to make improve-
ments and thereby add to the wealth of the
community. But I will ask gentlemen who
visited my own State or any of the mining
States and Territories last summer, availing
themselves of the opportunity afforded by the
Pacific railroad, if they did not notice many
counties where plaeer and other mining oper-
ations are carried on, where most of the towns
are built of shakes and logs, and are of a very
superficial character? A principal cause of
that is found in the fact that the miner when
he buys a piece of land of another miner gets
nothing but a mere possessory right, and con-
sequently he is cautious how he puts on expen-
sive machinery, except in rare instances, where
he is willing to take extra hazard.
Our towns partake of the same feeling.
There is a sense of insecurity, and especially
since the large railroad grants running through
mining States and counties have led to surveys
of mining lands as well as others, and the plats
of survey have been filed in the local land of-
fices. 1'he farmers can all go there and prove
up their lands, except as the miners obstruct
them ; but when the miner goes there and wants
to secure himself in his possession he finds
that there is no law whatever by which he can
establish his right, and consequently one class
of the community are able to get a title which
may infringe on the rights of others and the
other is left with no remedy whatever. A sys-
tem of affidavits has been devised by the Land
Cilice by which the miner and his neighbors
may swear that the particular piece of ground
is more valuable for mining than it is for agri-
cultural purposes, and this prevents or delays
the entry of the land by the farmer. But the
miner is liable to be summoned to the land
office once, twice, or three times a year, in
order to establish the fact over and over again,
that the land is more valuable for mining than
for farming. The consequence is that the spirit
of the miner is worn out, and ho sometimes
abandons his claim out of shear impossibility
to undergo the great expenses and annoyances
which are imposed upon him on this account.
Now, I want to do away with all this. I
desire to give to the miner the benefit of pre-
emption, to give him an opportunity to bay his
claim ; the samerightthatyou gave to the lead
miners of_Wisconsin years ago to buy their
mining claims; the same right that in iSGGyou
gave to the quartz miner to buy his claim.
There is another objection to the present
system. Capital, as is well known, is always
hesitating and cautious. The time when the
miner could find a claim which could bo easily
worked and would bo quickly remunerative is
past. It is very rarely now that gold is found
glittering among the grass roots. Most of the
claims now worked are deep in the bowels of
the earth; old river channels covered up by
convulsions of nature, by mountains and lofty
hills ; deposits which can only be reached by
long and expensive tunnels.
Now, generally the miner is a poor man
who cannot with his own hands alone and
without capital construct the necessary works
to develop his mining claim. Consequently
many promising mining enterprises lie idle
which, if they could be developed, would add
greatly to the taxable wealth of the country
and stimulate its trade. When you appeal to
the capitalist to put his money into any of
these enterprises he is apt to say to you that
you cannot guaranty to him any title in the
property. 'To be sure, you could give a mort-
gage on the claim to pay the money advanced
to develop it, but the Government at anytime
might change its policy, and you would be
thrown out of possession, or some other miner
might come along and jump your claim and
you would have to go into court and engage in
expensive litigation in order to recover your
rights, and all the time with the hazard of
losing them. Consequently capital, with its
slow and hesitating step and its cautious habits,
does not make the investments which are neces-
sary to carry on these works, and mining prop-
erty suffers from the want of that security which
can be obtained for other property in the Uni-
ted States and for almost any honest enterprise.
Now, we want to change this also and to so fix
it that the miner can have such a right that he
can raise upon his claim the means by which
he can develop its hidden wealth.
As I have already said—and I repeat it, for
I wish to impress it upon the minds of gentle-
men—the day of easy mining is past. The
gold which so stimulates the business of the
country, which enables us to pay the interest
on our debt, and in a great degree to keep up
our balance of exchanges in the markets of the
world, comes from long, hazardous, or difficult
enterprises, which require years of labor and
much capital in order that they may be carried
to a successful result. I say further that the
present system is wasteful, in that it does not
improve the region where these mine3 are sit-
uated. I ask gentlemen if they do not remem-
ber that the most desolate part of our Stato,
that which could be made to rank with the
wealthiest, that which should be the most flour-
ishing, considering the mineral treasures which
lie in its bosom, is, on the contrary, many parts
of it, to a great degree desolate.
As soon as the miner makes any money he
carries it off and invests it where title to landed
property is secure. He cannot invest it around
him, for there is nothing in the nature of real
estate there in which he can confide his money.
He goes off to some place iti the valleys, to
San Francisco, New lock, Chicago, or some
other place, and there invests his money, be-
cause there is security for the return of the prin-
cipal, and for the payment of interest upon it.
The proposition I advance is supported by
our best men in California, our intelligent
miners, our statesmen—in fact the whole pub-
lic opinion of our State. I will send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a short extract from a
rccent article published in the San Francisco
Bulletin, one of the leading papers on the
Pacific coast, in which the editor adverts to
the opinion in California with regard to the
measure to which I have referred.
The Clerk road as follows :
"Sale of Mineral Lands.—With hardly an important
exception the press of the mining counties, cither
openly or tacitly, approves Sakgent's bill for the sale
of tfoemineral lands. The Grass Valley Union, pub-
lished in the most prosperous mining county m the
htate, and where there was formerly thcslrongc? top-
pojition to such a measure, says it should become a
i aw lyti hout delay, its passage would stop a world of
costly ligation, and would increase the security and
value ol jiiopcrty riirhis. Ic used to be thought the
sain of th'} mi ueral lands would intcrfero with mining
rights, the Union now contends that it is necessary
to protect theva. It says that under the present sys-
tem mincis have no lights, unless they are large
owners and aro able to procure titles, no mat-
ter what the cost is."
Mr. SARGENT. As a further evidence that
the bill I have introduced is not merely locally
acceptable in my own State among the miner.;
there I ask the attention of the House to a
series of resolutions adopted at a large public
meeting of the miners in Colorado Territory.
As 1 understand the matter, the gentleman
from Colorado Territory [Mr. Bradford] sent
a copy of this bill to his constituents, asking
for their opinion in regard to it. The result
comes back in a series of resolutions adopted
there, declaring that the bill is just, thai it is
needed to meet the wants of the mining sec-
tion, and urging upon their Delegate and upon
members of Congress generally the support of
the measure. The document emanates from per-
sons whom I do not know. It is as follows:
FjjnPLAY, COLOKAIIO lEimiTORY,
T, . „ March 2, 1S70.
iion. ii. A. bAiun:xT:
A ^ar^o and enthusiastic rcseelins of the citizen
ot lark coanty, Colorado Territory, interested i;<
"mining: and mines, assembled in. Cummins',}
iiali on tiio evonimj of March 2, to take into con-
sideration tae amendment to the mining act, reproved
of J uly, IS jO, as proposed by House bill No,
introduced by iJon. A. A. Sargkxt, memberot (!j i-
gress from California. After afroeandiuli corvsidui-
iHion and explanation ol' the probable working ot
tho amendment, should the came become the law,
together with the necessity of some proper and uni-
