2972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
and inserting "three eighths;" so that the
paragraph, it'thus amended, will read :
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, (comprising flat
bars.) not less than one nor more than six inches
wide, not less than three eighths of an inch nor moro ;
than two inches thick, 1 cent per pound. j
The classification which I propose is the
classification in the existing law. I do not
think we should undertake in this bill to reduce
the classification and thereby increase the duty
on any article. Members will see that by the
classification proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means certain iron on which is now
paid a duty of 1 cent per pound is brought
within a classification which subjects it to a
duty of more than 1 cent per pound. I do not
desire to occupy the attention of this commit-
tee further, nor do I deem it necessary to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman desires
to go back to the present law he will follow
up this amendment, I suppose, by correspond-
ing amendments to the other paragraphs, and
change the rates of duty also.
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. The present classifica-
tion, as the gentleman says, is of iron not less
than one inch nor more than six inches wide, !
and not less than one half of an inch nor more i
than two inches thick. And in the paragraph ]
following the one now under consideration a
corresponding difference in classification is
proposed. The gentleman omits to notice
thai we put a duty of 1£ cents per pound on iron
which now pays a duty of 1J cents per pound, j
I atn advised by those who have made the j
examination more closely than I have been ,
able to do, with reference to the quantity of
eaeh«f these classes brought in, that upon the |
whole this will be, and must necessarily be to
some extent, a reduction. Although the class
of bar iron brought in at 1 cent is, as I said,
made larger than the corresponding class in
the existing law, yet the difference is compen-
sated by bringing down that which now pays
1£ cents to H cents, as gentlemen will see by
casting their eyes .-dong the next paragraph.
On the larger class the present duty amounts,
reduced to theaeZ valorem standard, to 44£
percent. The other class being brought down,
this will probably run up to something like 50
per cent, ad valorem. The duty upon the
class now paying the higher rate amounts to
66f per cent ad valorem, the rate being \\
cents per pound, which is, however, reduced
by this bill to 1J cents.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the chair
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether the effect of this change of classifica-
tion is not to increase the rate of duty upon
■certain importations of iron? I object to any
increase of the rates, and I object especially
to any increase in this indirect way. If we
increase the rates at all, let it be done directly
and not'by a change of classification.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man. This change will tend to increase the
rate on one class and to diminish the rate very
considerably on the other.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; when we reach
that other class we can consider it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Theseneral effect will be
practically a diminution. The gentleman knows
very well it was never my p&rpofce to increase
the duty on iron. If we make any change I
would rather make a reduction of the present
rates of duty than an advance. The object of
the Committee of Ways and Means has been
■to correct the classification so a's to adapt it to
the wants of the trade. At the same time if
by this classification there is an increase any-
where, it is compensated. by bringing down
other iron in proportion in one of the other
classes. That has been done here. The present
rates of duty are 1 cent per pound on one class
and 1£ cents per pound on the other. We
propose to continue the two classes, making
the duty 1 eentper pound on one of theclasses,
and cents per pound upon the other. We
do not propose to make any rate on bar iron
as high as 1J cents, whicfh is the present law
as to one of the classes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move pro
forma to amend by striking out the pending
paragraph. Mr- Chairman, what is the use of t
tinkering here upon iron at all? What does it j
mean? I take it it must mean something. j;
In my view it means a new classification of ;j
iron, and that species of classification which :
it is next to impossible for anybody but an j
expert to understand. The classification em- !
braced in this bill has been made in the city j
of Philadelphia by the iron-mongers convened |
there. Their classification, which is given in a !
book which I hold in my hand, has been j
adopted, word for word, by the Committee of
Ways and Means, who are pressing it upon the
consideration of the House.
The honorable chairman of the Committee
I of Ways and Means is as intelligent as any-
body and a great deal more intelligent than
almost everybody, but he is not intelligent
enough to comprehend the effect of all these
various classes of iron, and he will not be until
: he has graduated in some iron college in the i
: State of Pennsylvania. It requires an expert
to thoroughly understand all these ingenious |
classifications of iron. , , ,. '
! The honorable gentleman from Philadelphia j
[Mr. Kelley] will doubtless tell me again that
I have Pennsylvania '' on the brain." I have.
She meets us here in every form, and pounds
away, so that my constituents and the constit-
uents of other gentlemen cannot avoid hav- ;
ing Pennsylvania "on the brain." She has
knocked out of existence thirty or forty iron-
founderies in the city which I in part represent,
and thrown out of employ 20, OOOpeople who are
my constituents and the constituents of other
Representatives of the city of New York on
this floor. It is not to be wondered at then,
that I, along with the whole country, have
Pennsylvania " upon the brain for Pennsyl-
vania in this matter of iron is hammering u$K>n
the brain of every consumer of iron in the
country.
I repeat the inquiry, why any tinkering at
all with iron if it does not mean something ?
We would not see reported in this bill classi-
fications which are copied from those furnished
by the Philadelphia iron organization if it did
not mean a great deal. The ingenious classi-
fication in this and the succeeding paragraphs
meansan increase of the duties on iron through-
out.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
accept all the pleasant things which the gen-
tleman from New York says about Pennsyl-
vania; but I am glad for once to agree with
him on something. I shall be gratified if the
committee should strike out not only this par-
agraph from line three hundred and twenty-
nine to line three hundred and thirty-two, but
also the next paragraph. The committee sub-
mitted them, believing under the advice re-
ceived from the custom-houses and elsewhere
that this classification was an improvement and
would simplify matters. These paragraphs
involve a slight reduction of duty, taking into
consideration the varieties of iron embraced
in them.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We are
thankful for what Pennsylvania is willing to
give us,, however little.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall not oppose any
motion to strike these two paragraphs out. I
wish the committee to understand that in pre-
senting this classification we did not exactly
retain the present duty. We reduced it con-
siderably more than we raised it; so I shall
not resist the motion to strike out these para-
graphs, but on the contrary will exercise the
right reserved to each member of the commit-
tee to vote independently on this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wilL remind the gentle-
man from New York that those who came be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means in the
iron-bar interest, while they asked to have a
change of classification, did not ask to have
the rate of duty lowered. They still wanted to
retain 1 cent and 1J cents per pound ; but, we
differed with them ; but since we were willing to
change the classification we concluded we would
bring the lj down to 1J in making the change
of classification. That is the history of the
matter. They never asked to have anything
reduced to U; quite the reverse.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope we
will follow the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and strike out both of
these paragraphs.
Mr. COX. I wish to say a word on this
subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am willing
to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I object to the withdrawal
of any amendment. I want a vote.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to modify my amend-
ment so as to strike out the second paragraph.
Strike out in lines three hundred and thirty
and three hundred and thirty-one from the word
"than" down to and including the word
"thick," being the words "one and a half nor
more than four inches wide, nor less than half
an inch, nor more than two inches thick;" so
the paragraph will then read : "On iron bars,
rolled or hammered (comprising flat bars) not
less than three eighths of an inch thick, 1 cent
per pound ;" and in addition to that I move to
strike out the following paragraph, which is in
these words:
On iron bars, rollod or hammered, comprising flat
bars less than one and a half inches or more than four
inches wide, and less than ono half of an inch and
not less than three eighths of an inch thick; and on
iron bars, rolled orhammered, more than two inches
thick, li cents p«r pound.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not suppose it will
inform the committee much whether we have
Pennsylvania on the brain or not. All this com-
mittee want to know is what is the principle on
which this classification haa been made. 11 is a
simple one which every one familiar with the
making of iron will readily understand. They
know the smaller iron is made as in the case
of bar iron, the more processes it has to pass
through the more labor is involved in its manu-
facture, and consequently the more the articles
cost. Every time iron passes through the pro-
cess of rolling or hammering it loses a certain
percentage of its weight, so that a ton of iron
weighing 2,240 pounds after going through the
various processes of rolling and hammering
amounts only to 1,300 pounds of production.
! It is because of the loss of iron by these repeated
! processes and by the additional labor involved
| that a higher duty is imposed on the finer and
j more elaborate classes of iron. The committee
| adopted this classification from the examina-
i tion they made and the information they ob-
; t&ined as the fair point for dividing between
j the less' expensive and more expensive classes
of iron. They made a reduction on the more
' expensive classes from 1J to 1J cents per pound.
I ana satisfied if the committee understood the
facts as they could get them by seeing the iron
itself made and the processes passed through,
together with the results, they would conclude
the classification was just, and. that one quarter
of a cent per pound discrimination is not too
much between the mare elaborate and the less
elaborate kinds of iron ; and therefore I think
the amendment ought not to prevail.
The question was on agreeing to Mr. Alli-
son's amendment.
The question was put; and there were on a
division—ayes 45, noes 54 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the .rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Allison and Mr. Matnabd
Were appointed. ..
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 55, noes 64.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the paragraph
by striking out" 1 eentper pound," in the three
hundred and thirty-second line, and making
. the duty half a cent per pound. I do so on y
