4860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Though always a politician, his generous,
charitable conduct toward opponents disarmed
party antagonism and left him without an
enemy. Wherever he has lived, wherever he
has been, his memory is bright in the hearts
ot numerous friends, without one darkening
shadow. °
As the lightning bears northwestward to the
Jand of beautiful lakes he loved so well the sad,
silent message of his earthly departure, there
will there be many a sorrowing heart this day
grieving that he will be seen 110 more, and
that he can no more come back to witness the
glorious progress which he aided so much in
initiating.
Though physical inability has of late pre-
vented his active participation in congressional
labors, lie was possessed of a mind of remark-
able clearness and an intellect of high order.
I have seen him in the days of greater bodily
strength roused to bursts of eloquence and
following the logic of debate with a power
that would have honored any head. But never
have I known an exception to the marked
courtesy that distinguished him here and else-
where. _ He was in this respect an example we
well might emulate. The influence of such
gentle charactcr is not properly appreciated,
it conquers by kindness what storm would beat
against in vain. Its very presence soothes the
excitement of party and personal animosity,
and by calm contrast shames back into gentle-
manly terms the rising words of passion. Wo
can ill afford in times like these to lose such
men and such influences.
Though the expectation of this sad calamity
could not be dispelled by even the fond, delusive
hopes of loving friends, though it has been long
evident that God was claiming his own, yet the
bereavement is none the less great to his family,
to his friends, or to us his fellow-members.
Sudden death by some terrible accident
shocks us at the time and the impression would
seem most lasting; but the memory of the sub-
ject does not abide with us like that of him
whom we have for years seen passing so close
to the confines of this world as to bo insepar-
ably connected with our ideas of the world to
come. So long had he gazed steadfastly at death
that to him "the monster.had no sting/' So
quiet was the wastingaway of his life, so calmly
looked for was the relief from his sufferings,
that " the boasting grave can claim 110 victory."
His gradual approach to lhe realms of the
future was not like a passage through "lhe
dark valley," but more as the peaceful lulling
of a gentle zephyr in a summer evening.
We admire the stoicism which meets a mar-
tyr's fate without murmur at the stake ; we
glory in the heroism that is borne in excitement
upon the storm of war into an unthought-of
eternity ; but, Oh, how much more brave, those
suffering souls, whose whole life is one con-
tinued looking into the face of death ; who,
surrounded ever by this terrible atmosphere ot
mortal dissolution, toil nobly on, bearing bur-
dens that would crush anything but the heaven-
refined steel of such characters; denied the
natural support of physique, they achieve a
moral strength that no sound-framed man ever
possesses.
Such was our departed member. An invalid
in health, he was no invalid in works. Though
constantly expecting to be called home to
" The undiscovered country from whoso bourn
No traveler returns,
he was still doing a well man s duty,
"Upon the world's broad field ot battle,"
Ho was a bero in the strife."
But he has passed away, ripe in honors well
merited and long worn. A fond constituency
were about adding a fresh laurel to his garland.
But his mission in life is ended. His vacant
seat will soon be filled by a strange successor.
His name will no more be heard in our roll-
call, for it has been passed to the roll of eternity.
But it will still remain inscribed upon the
hearts of his friends. And we will not soon
forget the patient face which shone so bravely
under uninterrupted suffering, and which so
often awakened our pity and love. We will
not soon forget the dark, intellectual eye that
beamed so kindly upon all around. We can-
not forget the kind words and ready assent
that responded to every proper request. We
can only say farewell; and wonder, who next?
Mr. KELLEY. While I feel, Mr. Speaker,
that I can add nothing to what has been so well
said with reference to our late associate, Col-
onel Heatox, 1 still feel called upon to lay my
tribute also upon his grave.
It was iny good fortune to meet Colonel
Heatox first in 18CG, in North Carolina, while I
wasspendingafew weeks in that State, when the
work of reconstruction was fresh on our hands
and the animosities of the war had but little
abated. Passing through that State diagonally,
stopping a day or two at each of the principal
towns 011 my route, I heard a great deal of
asperity expressed toward the northern men
who had settled there, and, from"the character
of the office he filled, the name of Colonel
IIeatom came frequently under discussion.
But whether the speakers were of northern
>or of southern birth, whether they bad fought
under the one flag or the other, all spoke kindly
of Colonel IIkatox. J little thought at that
time that he and I should ever come to be so
intimately associated as we have been.
When the committees for the Forty-First
Congress were announced I was pleased to
find that we were to l>e associated 011 the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, of
which ho was made the chairman. The ques-
tions referred to that committee, though not,
perhaps, of as much importance as some
others, certainly not as well calculated to pro-
voke excitement as those with which other
committees have been charged, are intricate
and important. We have had before us the
question of international coinage, discussed at
great length by Mr. Iluggles, who was a com-
missioner from this country to some of the
European Congresses, and by the representa-
tives of other ideas than those presented by
him. Wo have had questions relating to the
establishment of mints and assay offices in
different sections of the country.
I was early impressed with the peculiar
mind of ColonelIIkatox, its eagerness to un-
derstand the business confided to him or to his
committee, and the readiness with which it
analyzed the subjects and seized upon the vital
questions involved. lie was an excellent busi-
ness man and a very agreeable companion.
Familiar with the history and resources of his
native State, Ohio, admiring tho beauty of
Minnesota and charmed with its climate, and
with a lively recollection of his southern ex-
periences, at times, while wo were waiting for
the committee to assemble, he would speak of
the wonderful variety and resources of the coun-
try with an eloquence with which those of us who
knew him only on tho floor of this House would
hardly ascribe to so silent, modest a man.
Few of his fellow-members 011 this floor will
ever appreciate the loss they and the country
have sustained; for, in connection with the
fine mental qualities and the large experience
in public life which have been referred to by
those who have preceded me, there was a
beauty of character, a sweetness of temper,
and a love of harmony that were all the more
agreeable from the fact that his whole life seems,
as I learn it to-day, to have been devoted to
the turbulent strife of polities.
This feature of his character impressed me
in my brief interview with him in North Car-
olina, and I observed it more and more as
I became better acquainted with him. Evinc-
ing myself one day a little asperity, there
played over his sad countenance, which always
bore traces of pain, a sweet smile ; and he
laid his hand upon my shoulder and said,
" Why, my friend, the occasion does not war-
rant such an ebullition of temper; now let 11s
sit down and talk the matter oyer, you and I,
for I am not involved in it."
I feel that he was a very useful man for
North Carolina, and I am quite sure that the
withdrawal of his influence from that State in
its present condition is a calamity to the coun-
try. He was a peace-maker, and has gone, I
not only trust but know, to the rewards of the
peace-maker.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have known some-
what intimately for the last fifteen years Mr.
Heatox, late a member on this floor from the
State of North Carolina, he having lived in my
State for many years. It is therefore per-
haps proper that I should say a word or two
on this occasion. Ihavenotrisen, Mr. Speaker,
for the purpose of giving expression to mere
formal utterances in favor of one who has
departed from among us, but to speak as I
feel in my heart iu regard to him. I do not
feel, indeed, I have never felt, the propriety
of extolling the merits of the dead beyond that
which was due to them while living, nor do I
believe in the propriety of burying the faults
of public men in the grave and remembering
only their virtues. It is due to history that
if we speak of public men at all after they are
dead we should speak candidly and truthfully
of them.
Mr. Heatojt come to Minnesota in the fall
of 1857, and made his home at the Falls of
St. Anthony. For six years he represented '
in the State senate a Minnesota constituency.
Almost immediately after making his home in
the State he entered into the management of
public affairs. I can say of him what I am
not able to say of any other man whom I can
now call to mind who has ever gone to Min-
nesota to reside. I went there at the time of
the earliest settlement of the State, and have
been pretty well acquainted with all the young
men emigrating there from different portions
of the Union and taking part in public affairs;
but I cannot remember a single man who, set-
tling in the State and entering into political
life, had so many friends and so few enemies
as Mr. Heaton.
I do not know, Sir. Speaker, that it always
redounds to a man's credit to say that he had
no enemies ; for I remember the words of one
wiser than any or all of us, who said, "Woe
unto you when all men shall speak well of you."
But such was the character and constitution
of Mr. IIeaton's mind that he seemed to get
along in the most difficult and trying times
without, encountering severe personal opposi-
tion. This was undoubtedly owing to the pecu-
liar constitution of his mind.
Mr. Hbaton was an honest man, in the full-
est^ broadest sense of the term. He was hon-
est in his convictions. It will be remembered
that Mr. Heatox lived and took part in public
affairs during the most exciting times ever
witnessed in this or any other country, when
bitter enmities were engendered, when a man
could hardly maintain his convictions with
force and energy without encountering the
strongest personal opposition. But such was
not the experience of Mr. Heatox. He was
true to his convictions ; and yet he maintained
them with so much consistency, so much re-
gard for the personal feelings" of those with
whom he differed, so much tenderness of
character, that while maintaining a strong hold
011 the confidence and affection of his friends,
he was enabled to do this "without encounter*
mg the personal opposition of his political
enemies. I think he could do this to a greater
extent than any other man I have ever known,
in this regard he was certainly a very remark-
able man.
Mr. Heatox was true to his convictions, true
to his country, true to his friends, true to him-
self, and. true to his God. Notwithstanding the
kindliness of his disposition and his respect for
the feelings of other men} I do not believe htj
