3916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
on Russia and other hemps, and the other a
bill (S. No. 551) declaratory of an act entitled
"An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes," approved August 5,18G1.
I now submit a written report, to accompany
these bills; and I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 561) for
the relief of James D. Greene, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers from the files of the Senate;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 230) for
the relief of David Braden, and the papers
relating thereto, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Military zVffairs;
which was agreed to.
ELECTION Of PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before proceed-
ing with the order of the day the Chair desires
to state to the Senate that before its reassem-
bling next week he will be absent from the city,
accompanying his family to Ohio ; and in order
that, as contemplated by the Constitution, there
may be a President pro tempore of the Senate,
he will now vacate the chair.
The Vice President having vacated the
chair,
Mr. SIJMNER. Mr. Secretary, 1 send to the
desk a resolution which I ask to have adopted.
The Secretary. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts presents the following resolution, and
asks for its present consideration :
l{esnhed. That in the absence of tho Vico Presi-
dent Hon. IIekiiy B. Anthony bo, and ho is hereby,
chosen President pro tempore of tho Senate.
The resolution was agreed to nem. con.
Mr. Aktuony took the chair as President
pro tempore.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I offer tho
following resolution, and I desire to have it
acted on at once :
Resolved, That tho Secretary inform the President
of the United States, that in tho absence of tho Vice
President tho Sonato has chosen lion. Mr. Anthony,
a Senator from the State of Bhodo Island, President
of the Senate pro tempore, and that ho malce a simi-
lur communication to tho House of Kepresentatives.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED,
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles Radclitfe,
and accompanying: papers in support of his claiui,
be taken from tho files of tho Senato and referred to
tho Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Julia Brown, widow of Joseph Brown, of Big
Lake, Minnesota, praying compensation for
boarding and nursing certain sick soldiers;
which wag referred totheCommitteeon Claims.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of J.
P. J. Lewis, of Knoxville, Tennessee, pray-
ing tho removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
Philip Darnall, of Wadesborough, Kentucky,
and of John L. Irvin, of Calloway county, Ken-
tucky,praying t.he removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
bills recommitted.
On motion of Mr. PERRY, it was
Ordered, That tho bill (El. it. No.1492) for tho
icJiefof John Young, with the accompanying papers,
and the various remonstrances that have been pre-
sented on the subject, bo recommitted to the Com-
mittee on. Patents.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a,
joint resolution (S. R. No. 205) to determine
the construction of an aet to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, and for
other purposes, approved June 30,1864; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 955) granting lands to the Ralston City
and Gila liiver Railroad Company, of New
Mexico ; which was read twice by^ its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
OKSICERS 01' ELECTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
948) amendatory of an act approved February
5, 1807, and joint resolution approved March
29, 1807, relative to judges and commissioners
of election in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, last evening,
just before the Senate adjourned, the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] put an inquiry as to
what would be tho effect of this bill, provided
it should pass, upon the present election. I
have made a little inquiry in relation to that
matter, and I think I can state the only effect.
The present registry closes on Tuesday, and
therefore this bill, because if it should pass
the Senate to-day it cannot pass the other
House before Tuesday, will have no effect
whatever upon completing the registration of
voters ; but I shall propose an amendment
which may have, if it shall pass the House, a
slight effect upon the present election.
The act which this bill proposes to amend
provides that commissioners shall be appointed
to preside at elections. I would have the bill
amended to say that no person who is a can-
didate for office at tho time shall serve as a
judge or commissioner of election. If there
be such a person now in position the court
can readily appoint another between now and
the day of election. That would be the whole
effect of it; and 1 offer that provision, there-
fore, as an amendment to the pending bill.
Mr. HARLAN. There can be no objection
to that amendment. But 1 would inquire of
(he honorable Senator from Maine, who is
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, whether the close of the registry
that he speaks of is the final close? If I re-
member correctly, under existing laws a regis-
try of voters is taken in each ward, and a few
days preceding the day of election citizens
entitled to vote may repair to the City Hall and
there, by making proof of their inability to
appear before the board in their respective
wards at the proper time, may register and
take a certificate to that effect, and appear on
election day at the proper precinct and deposit
their votes. I ask, is it this final registry which
closes on Tuesday?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been to the City
Hall. They are registering there to-day, and
Monday or Tuesday is the last day of register-
ing there. This is the final registry.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Senator
from Maine has sent to the Chair an amend-
ment which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add to the bill:
And no person who is a candidate for office at
the time shall serve as judge or commissioner of
election.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now, let the bill be read
as it stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Tie it enacted, &e.. That tho act approved February
5, 1867, entitled "An aet to punish illegal voting in
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
and joint resolution approved March 29, 1867, enti-
tled "A joint resolution relative to the payment of
expenses incurred by the judges of election for the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia," be, and the same are hereby, amended
so as to prevent any officer or employ^ of the cor-
porations of said cities of .Washington and George-
town from serving either as a judge or commissioner
of election. And no person who is a candidate for
office at the time shall servo as judge or commis-
sioner of election.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Maine if in his opinion it is
desirable to inhibit any officer of the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington or Georgetown
from serving as a judge at an election ?
Mr. HAMLIN. If he is a candidate for
office, I say yes.
Mr. HARLAN,
it would be right.
Mr. HAMLIN.
If it was confined to that
That is the amendment. It
prohibits it where he is a candidate.
Mr. HARLAN. That is evidently right. A
man ought not to preside where his own elec-
tion is pending.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamena-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was-read the third time, and
passed.
BILLS POSTPONED INDEFINITELY.
Mr. HAMLIN. Senate bill No. 652, to in-
corporate the association called the Sons and
Daughters of Liberty, comes within the scope
of the general law which we have passed. I
therefore move its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Senate bill No. 617, to
exempt certain church property in the District
of ColumDia from taxation, is covered by a
House bill upon which we have acted. I move,
therefore, that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in opmpliance
with a resolution of the Senate oi the 24th
instant, a copy of a dispatch of Henry T. Blow,
United States minister to Brazil, dated Decem-
ber 18, 1869, in relation to the commercial
interests of the United States with South Amer-
ica ; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
FOUNDRY METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 928, to settle the claims of
Foundry Methodist Episcopal church, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to direct the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, or other proper
officer, to settle the claim of the trustees of the
Foundry Methodist Episcopal church for rents
due for the occupation by the United States
of a certain lot of ground on N street north,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth streets
west, in the city of Washington, upon the basis
similar claims are settled on. It also proposes
to declare that the trustees of the Foundry
Methodist Episcopal church are entitled to hold
in trust that lot of ground, to enjoy the behoofs
thereof, and to dispose of the same in accord-
ance with the declared intentions of the donor.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported an amendment to strike out in lines
eight and nine of section one, the words "upon
the basis similar claims are settled on," and to
insert " not to exceed six per cent, per annum
upon the value of the lot while occupied by the
Government, to which shall be added the taxes
paid by owners of said lot while in the occu-
pation of the Government."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendmentwas concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
STENOGRAPHER FOR DISTRICT SUPREME COURT.
_Mr. HAMLIN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 481, to provide for the appointmentof
a stenographer to the supreme court of the Dis-
