1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4861
was ever known to surrender his convictions or
fail to vindicate them by all proper means. But
such was his courtesy of character that he never
did this in an offensive or obtrusive manner.
This is undoubtedly the reasonwky he had so
few enemies. I never knew_ him to compro-
mise with error; yet he maintained his con-
victions with so much kindliness toward his
opponents that he commanded the respect and
admiration of all who knew him.
These, Mr. Speaker, are rare qualities ; and
these it was which elevated him, in the estima-
tion of all good men, so far above the great
mass of those by whom he was surrounded.
Mr. Heaton was not only an honest man ; he
was possessed of a thoughtful and inquiring
mind. Though he was perhaps the most quiet
and unobtrusive man upon this floor, (and this
may in some degree have resulted from the con-
dition of his health,) yet there was not a single
important fact occurring here that escaped his
observation. He was undoubtedly one of the
most careful observers upon the floor of this
House. Nothing escaped him which bethought
could redound to the glory of his country and
the interest of humanity.
He was a man of extraordinary good sense.
In coming to his conclusions, he did so after
careful observation and deduction; and, sir,
when he did come to a conclusion he was sel-
dom found to be in error. I think his mind, and
T can accord fully with what was said by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
enabled him to analyze the subjects with which
he had to deal with as much accuracy as any
man I ever knew.
I can well understand from what I know of
his character the relation he holds to-day with
the people of North Carolina, as attested by
their delegation on this floor. From the con-
stitution of his mind 1 could not select a north-
ern man who could have gone into the southern
States and commanded the respect of their
people to a greater extent than Mr. IIeaton.
Yet he would do this without surrendering his
convictions, without compromising his opin-
ions, or yielding a particle of what he believed
to be correct. He would do this in so kind
a manner that he would command the respect
of all. The loss of such a man is always a loss
to his country, and particularly in this instance
do I regret it as a loss to the State of North
Carolina.
This muoh I have deemed it my duty to say
in regard to one of the wisest, most honest and
upright members of the House, who has been
called from his labor here to a higher, and
nobler sphere of duty in a better world.
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, so many of
the friends and relatives of the deceased reside
in my district, that although my acquaintance
with our departed friend was limited, yet I
have felt strongly drawn toward him from the
first time I met him in this House. He was
one of the first with whom I formed an acquaint-
ance here, and our brief acquaintance had
already ripened into friendship.
It is impossible not to respect and love a
manly man. Colonel Heaton possessed and
exhibited among us here from day to day a pure
and beautiful manhood; aud as our thoughts
recur to his memory we say, and say with perfect
truth—
"None knew thee but to love thee,
None named thee but to praise."
I will say nothing of his history; that has
already been recounted to this House in beau-
liful and appropriate language ; and I have
been glad to learn that his whole life has been
characterized by the same gentleness and pur-
ity which we saw in him here, while he sat
among us.
But he has gone. A good man has fallen.
We mourn a Christian departed; but a beauti-
ful memory remains to us, and that it will be
our privilege to cherish while life remains.
A noble life example is given us which will
make better men of us all. Let the lesson of
his life sink deep into our hearts, while we say,
"Departed friend, noble spirit, hail and fare-
well!"
Mr. MAYNA11D. Mr. Speaker, it was not
my purpose to have participated in these inter-
esting and very impressive ceremonies. And
I rise now, not for the purpose of adding any-
thing of my own to the pathetic utterances of
the gentlemen who have preceded me in sup-
porting the resolutions now upon the table,
but for the purpose of putting upon record a
note which within a few moments has been
placed in my hands. Being aware of the rela-
tions between the deceased and the distin-
guished chairman ofthe Committee of Ways aud
Means, the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] and learning in an early pait
of the day that this announcement was to be
made, I addressed a note to his residence,
where we all know for the last several days he
has been confined by sickness, knowing, if
possible, he would desire to be present to say
if but a single word in behalf of the memory
of one whom I had reason to suppose he re-
garded so highly. The note I propose to read
is his answer to my missive. It bears date
this day, Juno 25:
Wasiiixgtox, D. C., June 23, 1870.
In bed.
Dear Maynard: I grieve to hear of Ki:atox's
death, but was prepared to cxpeet it. I wish I could
como up io the House, a1? you desire; but my head
swims, and I am weak anfl must keep quiet. If the
announcement were on Monday, I should certainly
want to say a word about the loss of a good, true
man, and, to me, of a £ood friend.
You know he was from my district; and I have
known him from liis boyhood.
Yours, truly,
ROBT. C. SCIIEKCK.
The resolutions were adopted unanimously.
The SPEAKER announced as the commit-
tee under the resolutions, Mr. Jones of North
Carolina, Mr. Wilonson of Minnesota, Mr.
Boyd of Missouri, Mr. Mayiiam, of New York,
and Mr. Morphis of Mississippi.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned,
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, und referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition ofthe mem-
bers of the legal profession of the southern dis-
trict of the State of Illinois, asking that the
salaries of all the judges of (ho courts of the
United States bo increased.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 27, 1STO.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bcti Kit.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
order ok business.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the call of States and Territories for
bills and resolutions for reference only, and
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider; and that under this call joint resolu-
tions of State and territorial Legislatures could
be referred and ordered to be printed.
department op revenue.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2337) to establish a department of revenue ;
which was read a firstandsecond time, referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2338) to remove the political disabilities of cer-
tain citizens of Mississippi therein mentioned ;
which was read a lirst and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2339) for the relief of sundry citizens of Ten-
nessee of all political disabilities; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
th^ select Committee on Reconstruction.
COLONEL JAMES A. DO0C-IITY.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 2340) for the relief of Colonel James A.
Doughty; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
ILLEGAL TAXES ON PASSENGERS.
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill _(H.
R. No. 2311) to punish the collection of ille-
gal taxes on passengers; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
23-12) to remove disabilities from Rowland B.
Smith and John Brown, of Washita county,
Arkansas ; which was read a first and second
lime, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2343) to remove the disabilities of certain
persons in Florida therein named ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
BRANDY PROM GRAPES, PEACIIES, ETC.
Mr. J OHNSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2344) to regulate the manufacture of brandy
from grapes, peaches, and other fruits ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, aud ordered
to be printed.
M. C. DOUGIIERTi'.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 234-5) for the relief of M. C. Dougherty,
of California; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
next business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories for the introduc-
tion of resolutions for consideration at this
time, beginning with the State of New York,
where the call rested at the expiration of the
morning hour on Monday last.
REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA.
Mr. WOOD introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No. 353) for the distribution of moneys
paid or to be paid by the republic of Venezuela;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WOOD. On that I demand the pre-
vious question.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of State to pay all inoney3 which
may have been paid by the republic of Vene-
zuela to the Government of the United States
now on hand, and all moneys which may here-
after be paid by said republic upon debts owing
to citizens of this Government, to the holders
respectively of the certificates of award issued
by the mixed commission which adjudicated
the claims of citizens of this country under the
treaty of April 25, 1866, between the United
States of America and said republic of Vene-
zuela ; said payments to be made in a prorata
proportion, and as said certificates are from
time to time presented at the State Department
by the respective holders thereof, and to be
indorsed on said certificates as the payments
are made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does this contain an
appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. WOOD. The joint resolution has been
considered by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and unanimously agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
