1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
dollars a day, and they together amount to 1,020
clerks, and $244,800, making every conceiv-
able cost of enumeration under the House bill,
excepting the blanks used, $3,526,680, as
against the rates on experience of 1860,
$3,938,646 16, and a saving of $411,966 16.
But we must consider that the law of 1850
imposes new and pressing duties upon the mar-
shals of the district courts, and must remem-
ber that the duties pertaiuing to the office of
marshal have been greatly increased since
1860, by our revenue and bankruptcy laws,
and by the more frequent occasions for their
services, on account of the enlargement of busi-
ness and cop sequent litigation everywhere.
The marshals could not perform the duties
relating to the census except through deputies,
and the time has already so far advanced that
the census could not now be taken, except by
the employment of as many deputies as dis-
trict superintendents, who would cost the Gov
ernment as much money, and could do their
work no better if as well as the proposed officer.
It would be introducing a new and costly
wheel into the machine, already somewhat com-
plicated, and burden its movements with need-
less friction and loss of power.
In comparing the cost of the two methods
it should be remembered that the bill under
consideration provides at less expense a largely
increased amount of information, the inquiries
being more than twice as many, and from the
careful study they have received at the hands
of the House committee they cannot fail of
securing, under the checks and safeguards of
local supervision, and direct accountability, a
result worthy of the Government of the United
States, of immense value for present use, and
a precious landmark in history.
Bat in some of these remarks on the cost of
the census under the law of 1850 we have been
assuming more than we have a right to do, for
the Amendment reported by the chairman of
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
provides for no increase whatever upon the old
rates. At this> late day the marshals must
organize their districts, and hunt up men will-
ing to accept the duties of a laborious office,
pay their own expenses, and-work oftentimes
for much less money than they will be obliged
to pay out for their subsistence when away
from home. Let us see what this compensa-
tion will amount to.
Wages earned by Census-Takers in 1860.
The separate amounts paid to marshals and to
assistant marshals have not been officially pub-
lished, but the amount claimed by the friends
of the old law, as allowed to the marshals, is
$40,000. Allowing this to be the fact, they
received on an average $625 apiece, and the
assistant marshals $283 50, for the five months
allowed for the work. This would give the
marshals $125 per month, and the assistant
marshals $56 70 per month; or, allowing thirty
days to the month, $4 12£ to the former and
$1 89 to the latter per diem. These are the
rates at which, under the amendments reported
by the chairman of the committee, we must now
find men willing to work in taking the census.
It may at least be affirmed, that in districts
of large area, in which the enumerators will be
obliged to pay hotel expenses and horse-hire,,
at present rates, their lot will be one of'peculiar
hardship, and their services, if well done, will
at least entitle them to our gratitude.
Let us consider some of the inherent and
organic defects of the census law of 1850, in
the sections that provide for the payment of'
services.
The marshals are to receive $1 25 per thou-
sand upon the living population if they report
under one million, or one dollar per thousand
if their districts return more than a million.
Should their report fall but one short of the
million, the Tate of $1 25 would give them
$1,250; but if it exceeded that limit but one,
the rate of one dollar would reduce their claim
to $1,000. An unscrupulous man might be
willing to keep down the returns in order to
keep up the rates, and the law should give no
such opportunities.
The pay of assistant marshals is made up,
when amended as the pending resolution
requires, as follows: two cents for every per-
son; two cents for every death; ten cents for
every farm; fifteen cents for every manufac-
tory with an annual product over $500 in
value; two per cent, on the above for social
statistics; eight cents per page for copying;
and mileage under the following rule :
The mileage is to be ten cents a mile, to be
ascertained by multiplying the square root of
the number of dwelling-houses in the division
by the square root of the number of square
miles in each.
A rule so profoundly " mathematical," and
so entirely beyond the penetration of common
intellects, might, at first glance, strike the
mind with a mysterious awe, and perhaps in-
cline the inquirer to accept as deep philosophy
a formula that he could not understand. There
might be mingled with this a feeling of grati-
tude, that the Government was in the hands
of rulers who knew so much more than com-
mon men.
But let us glance for a moment at the " rea-
son of things," and see if we cannot find some
good reason for the mysterious rule. If the
areas alone be considered, we shall readily find
a rapidly decreasing proportion between a
given series of numbers and the square roots
of these numbers. To assume numbers that
are themselves even squares, we have, for ex-
ample: 1,4, 9,16, 25,36, &c., and their square
roots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, &c.
The first root, that of 1, is equal to the num-
ber itself. The next is half, the next a third,
the next a fourth, the next a fifth, and the
next a sixth, and so on, forever approaching,
without ever quite reaching absolute nothing.
A curve representing these decreasing values
would be o, parabola, one of the conic sections.
This argument should not, however, be mis-
j taken as an attack upon the conic sections,
! which are of inestimable value in their place,
but that place is not properly in a census law.
It is to be noticed that two square roots are
to be combined, but for a reason that cannot
readily be shown. Upon a careful examina-
tion of the rule, Professor Peirce, the present
Superintendent of our Coast Survey, certified to
the chairman of the House Census Committee
of the Fortieth Congress, [Mr. Garfield,]
that to him it appeared to have no foundation
in reason, and to be obviously inconsistent with
fact. He added that it might easily be per-
verted to false uses, and that a mode of pay-
ment dependent upon the good judgment of
faithful and intelligent supervision would be
far better. Such a rule is virtually embraced
in the House bill providing for the taking of
the ninth census, which provides that men shall
be paid for the time employed in direct propor-
tion to the amount. It is the rule that governs
the practice of our daily life everywhere. We
pay the subordinate officers of our internal
revenue by this rule, and find no occasion to
amend it, and under the local supervision pro-
vided by the bill under consideration, it could
scarcely be abused by the agents of the census.
A striking defect of this mileage rule is the
fact that the multiple derived from area often
represents a submerged or a desert surface,
which requires no attention from the enumer-
ator. Excepting in the unorganized territo-
ries, every acre of land and water within the
limits of the nation is within some county.
The great lakes, the borders of our maritime
coast, the alkaline deserts of the great plains,
are all to be included in the mileage of the
census-taker.
Let us take a single illustration. The south-
ern district of Florida embraces the portion
of that State south of a line running east and
west through the north point of Charlotte har-
bor. It includes the everglades of the interior
and the scattered keys and shoals around the
southern point of the peninsula, and is mostly
included in two counties. Of these, one re-
ported eighty-three inhabitants in 1860, and
the other, two thousand nine hundred and thir-
teen of all classes, mostly in the city of Kev
West.
By a general permission of the law, the
marshal appointed himself as an assistant, re-
ceiving $250 (the minimum allowance) for his
services as marshal, and what the law gave
him as an assistant. This last allowance was
in part founded upon a claim of area amount-
ing to twenty-one thousand nine hundred and
eighty-one square miles, which, under the
lav/, could not be denied him, although much
the largest part might have been at the bot-
tom of the sea, within the boundaries of the
State, as defined in her constitution.
A vital objection against the census law of
1850 is the length of time it allows for the
enumeration. During the five months many
changes must occur, and as all questions are
supposed to be answered with reference to the
1st of June, the chances of error are manifold.
By shortening the time to one month, we can-
not fail to secure a far more valuable result
than heretofore.
The schedules of the old law are in many
respects exceedingly defective, and justified
the thorough revision which has been given
them by the House committee. If adopted
in the revised form, they will afford data of
the highest importance, both for the use of
the Government and as to aid to the manifold
interests of private business, which are ever
seeking new avenues of supply and demand
in the columns of the census.
As a striking illustration of the deficiencies
of the old forms of schedules, we have never
as yet known from the census the actual and
comparative production of grain and other
erops, by the acre, in different sections of the
country. Are our fields becoming barren
from cultivation ? Will a new variety of grain
flourish better in one part of the country than
another? These and many other questions of
vital importance will now first be answered
from actual and universal inquiry, should the
proposed schedules be'adopted.
Summary statement of amounts, paid to assistant mar-
shal* in 1860,&c.
First—One hundred amounts paid to one hundred
individual assistant marshals, taken from Ledger
No. 1, Census Office, being the first one hundred
entries.........  820,860 48
Average for one marshal  208 60
One fifth of above    41 72
Average rate per day  1 39
Second—Amounts paid to one hundred assistant mar-
shals, taken from Ledger No. 2, being the first ono
hundred entries in that ledger $27,507 63
Average for one assistant marshal  275 08
One fifth of the above      55 02
Average rate per day  1 83
Third—Amount paid to one hundred assistant mar-
shals, taken from Ledger No. 2, being the last ono
hundred entries made $34,369 11
Average for one marshal  343 70
One fifth of the above   68 74
Average rate per day  2 29
Fourth—Total amount paid to marshals and assistant
marshals, as appears in the preliminary report of
the eighth census, on page 1, was  $1,045,206 75
Remaining due and unpaid...,   247,000 00
Total cost :  1,292,206 75
Deduct pay of marshals (about)  40.000 00
Pay of assistant marshals   $1,252,206 75
There were forty-four hundred and seventeen
assistant marshals.
Average paid to each assistant marshal., $283 49
One fifth of the above  £0
Average-rate per day   
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will suspend until the Senate
receives a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
death op hon. t. h. hoag.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
the death of Hon. Truman H. Hoag, late a:
member of the House from the State of Ohio,
