1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2973
for the purpose of making some remarks in
reference to the peculiar classification ot this
kind of iron. When we voted on pig iron we
always understood exactly what we were voting
upon. We could see then what we cannot see
now. Outside of the members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means and some other gen-
tlemen of special experience few of us under-
stand the classifications of this bill. I believe
that what follows in the bill after pig iron (
almost defies analysis except by an expert, i
unless it be with regard to steel, to which we I
will come after awhile. _ !
The existing classification is all changed, and
changed in such a way that hardly any one can
comprehend the classification as it now stands. !
Bat one thing I know: that if we strike out
these various paragraphs, as the gentleman
from the Philadelphia district [Mr. Kbllet]
would like us to do, leaving the present law in
operation as regards the articles embraced by
these paragraphs, there would be, according
to my mode of computation, a large percent-
age of duty running up to over 100 per cent,
on these various kinds of iron. AH those
classes of iron known as bars, squares, flats,
rounds, half-rounds, hoop, strap, scroll, sheet,
<fcc., were taxed under the tariff of 1861 at an
average rate of 78 cents per 100 pounds. This
rate was raised by the tariff of 1802 to 89 cents;
by the act of 18G4 it stood at 89 cents; and by
subsequent legislation it was increased to an
average of $1 23 per 100 pounds. I have only
to say that the present bill, if I understand it
rightly, proposes to raise the average of these
rates to about $1 50 per 100 pounds. On wire
the rates are raised to half a cent per pound,
and the same increase is proposed on wire cov-
ered with textile fabrics, which is proposed to
be maintained at 5 cents perpoand in addition
to the rates on uncovered wire. This increased
protection on wire will scarcely inure to the
benefit of more than one single large manufac-
turer in Massachusetts, as I am informed;
while that on covered wire trill merely force an
additional tribute from the hoop-skirt manu-
facturers in New York to this same monopoly
in Massachusetts. The duties on halter and
traoe chains, both of which are reclassified,
are proposed to be raised from the present
rates of 2} and 3 cents per pound to 2J, 3, and
5 cents per pound. The rate on wrought-iron
washers is proposed to be raised from 2 to 3
cents per pound. And in the same manner
are the rates on cast-iron vessels, stoves, and
stove plates, and, in fact, nearly everything
made of iron. On iron castings the present
rate is proposed to be raised from 30 to 35 per
cent. As regards all these classes of iron I say
there ought to be some scrutiny on the part of
the House or the committee for thepurpose of
having as nearly as possible a uniformity of
duty on them. And this new classification I
suspect just as my colleague from New York
[Mr. Brooks] suspects it. It comes from Penn-
sylvania, and it is a suspicious circumstance
when the gentlemen from Pennsylvania change
the old classification and pretend to feel no
interest in this bill all at once. Now, in my
opinion, Mr. Chairman, this bill is about dead;
and I think the Pennsylvanians themselves,
unless they can resurrect some feature of it
when it is brought back to the House, will help
us to kill it, and it will be interred, I believe,
with universal acclamation. When this bill
shall be buried scarcely any one will regret it.
The present law, which has most of the sub-
stantial features of this bill, will remain as the
target for future political firing in the interests
of truth and economy, and will be thoroughly
riddled before the people. When this bill
shall have been cast aside as a mere—I was
about to use a strong epithet, but I see the
keen eye of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means upon me—I will say cast
aside as a shrewd piece of political and eco-
nomical trickery ; when the present bill is thus
shoved aside by the House those who stand up
for the interests of the people will have to go
out before them and fight the present law with
all its enormities. There is where the fight
will come when this bill will be shoved aside,
unless the Committee of Ways and Means shall
bring in another bill cutting down by more
than one half the present tariff rates.
Under the present law, if I understand it
rightly—and 1 speak, of course, with a good
deal of reluctance on a matter which is so con-
fused by these new modes of classification—
there is one kind of bar iron which pays a duty
of 1 cent a pound, and another which pays
a duty of 1} cent per pound. I liave a com-
putation here based on the figures for 1868, by
which it would appear that on the first class
there would be under the present law a duty
equivalent to an ad valorem rate of 112 per
cent, on the original cost. The mode of com-
putation is the same as I made use of the other
day. 1 take the cost in England of what was
imported from there at some $2,500,000; I
take the exchange and premium on gold at' 21
per cent., equal to $525,000; the specific duty
at 1 cent per pound, equal to 46J jjer cent., or
$1,204,000; tne freight or cost of importation
20 per cent., or $500,000; importers' profits,
: &c., $600,000; making a total cost of $5,829,-
000. Deducting the cost in the markets wheuce
imported, $2,500,000, there is left as the cost
; of importation, freight, rate of duty, and all
; other charges, $2,800,000, or 112 per cent, on
; the original cost of the first class of bar iron.
| [Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know that it is necessary to attempt to set my
friend over the way [Mr. Cox] right, because
, he began to instruct us by informing us that
he has himself no information on the subject.
I am glad to agree with him occasionally, and
I give my hearty concurrence to that proposi-
tion, and he has proved it by what he has said
just now about the percentages when reduced
to an ad valorem standard under the present
tariff upon iron. I hold in my hand the Treas-
ury reports for last year, and I find the amount
imported of this class of bar iron which is put
at 1 cent per pound under the present tariff,
and the amount imported of that class upon
which we levied a rate of duty of 1J cents per
pound. I find that the first class reduced to
an average ad valorem, measured upon the
invoices under which it was entered at the cus-
tom-house, has been paying 44j per cent, ad
valorem, and that the other class at cents a
pound has paid an average ad valorem of
per cent.
Now, what have we done? The iron man-
ufacturers came to the Committee of Wajrs and
Means and the custom-bouse people came to
the Committee of Ways and Means and repre-
sented that the classification by the size of the
bars, by the width of the bars, waa not made
with due reference to the comparative value,
and that all except the very smallest class of
bars might be ranked at 1 cent per pound.
They asked, therefore, a new classification,
putting a portion in at 1 cent per pound, as
now, and another portion at 1£ cents, but mak-
ing a difference in the sizes. This proposition
was met by an agreement that their classifica-
tion was probably the better one, considering
the relative value of the large and small bars,
but that we had no disposition to raise the
duties on iron, which would be the effect of
enlarging that which comes in at one rate and
diminishing the other but keeping the same
rate of duty; and so we proposed that while
we diminished the class that might come in at
one rate of duty we would bring down the rate
of duty upon the other. And that is the reason
why gentlemen representing the iron interest
are willing you should strike out both the para-
graphs and go back to the present law. I find
that it will not grieve my friend on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from the Philadel-
phia district [Mr. Kelley] to go back to the
present law. And why ? Because our classi-.
fieation, with the lowering of the rate of duty
of 1J cents per pound to 1J cents per pound in
the outcome, makes some reduction in the
general rate of duty on iron. That is the whole
of it.
Now, tho Committee of Ways and Means
have done no extraordinary thing in attempt-
ing to get to the best classification, having ref-
erence to the sizes and the relative value of
those sizes of bar iron. It has always been
done heretofore. The only question is whether
we may with propriety correct this classifica-
tion, and we hare sought to correct it by
changing the sizes. Butinasmuch as it would
give benefit to the iron men, those interested
in bar iron, if we at the same time retain the
higher rate of duty, 1J cents a pound on one
class, we have reduced it to 1} cents per pound,
and I do not care which the Committee of tho
Whole shall do. I have not the slightest inter-
est in it, and care nothing about it. If they
prefer to go back to the present rate of duties
on iron, so be it. They will not offend me,
having arrived as nearly as I can at the best
idea in this matter, and I believe they will not
offend the iron men, for they rather prefer the
present tariff upon the subject to that, which
the Committee of Ways and Means propose.
They would have preferred to have had the
present rate of duties kept and the classifica-
tion changed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I am willing to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I-object.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 40, noes ,60; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Maynard were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tollers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 77.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out " 1 cent per pound," which is $22 40
per ton, and to insert in lieu thereof " $18 per
ton." Mr. Chairman, let me ask this House
and the iron consumers of the country also if
$18 a ton is not protection enough, is bot bounty
enough ? Is it not enough for the iron lords
and iron-mongers of the country to have $18
a ton upon iron bars, rolled or hammered, and
all that species of iron which enters generally
into the consumption of the country? Who
can go before the people of this country and
say that a bounty of $18 per ton is not enough
to protect any interest whatever in this country 7
If this sort of thing is to prevail throughout
this bill I would rather give $5,000,000 right
out of the Treasury to the iron-mongers of
Pennsylvania thau to vote over and over, as
is proposed here, this system of duties; for
by so doing we should gain at least $50,000,000
to the country.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] says: " Oh! I will take this, and
1 will take the other also; for it is to our in-
terest in Pennsylvania." Now, whether or not
the great arch-general of the tariff is to affect
nonchalance and great indifference to this prop-
osition, I hope the other side of the House—
no, I do not mean the other side of the House
Eolitically, because we are beginning now to
ave about half the gentlemen who are on that
side, while we are losing no inconsiderable por-
tion of the members on this side upon the
question of iron—I hope gentlemen on both
sides of this House who are anti-bounty will
accept this proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] ana begin by strik-
ing out thisitem, and then follow it up through-
out the bill, so far as iron and steel are con-
cerned, for if it means anything it means an
increased duty on iron.
As to the very next paragraph, in reference
to which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] sava it proposes no increase of duty
on iron, I will say that I hold in my hand am
authentic statement from one of the largest
iron houses in New York. Not an English
importing house, nor a French importing
