3918
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Why should we, then, as it were, volunteer so
great a name to gentlemen who, I humbly sug-
gest, are in no respect the representatives of
the science, the literature, and the art of our
country ?
On these grounds, which I state very sim-
ply, I hope the bill will be passed over ; that
it will not be pressed to a vote. I am sorry
that it comes before the Senate for action.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by the Senator from
Maine?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us take the bill up. I
insist that we shall have the decision of the
Senate upon it. I hope that the Senate will
vote upon my motion to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to incorporate
John William Draper, of the city of New York,
and G-. W. Sampson, Joseph Casey, Charles
F. Stansbury, T. W. Bareley, George Taylor,
A. R. SpofFord, Charles P. James, Henry D.
Cooke, P. P. Stanton, Columbus Delano, Henry
F. Condict, Josephs. Wilson, SamuelS. Mitch-
ell, Thomas M. Vincent, John Bozman Kerr,
Albert J. Myer, R. W. Tayler, Silas L. Loomis,
\V. D. Gallagher, C. C. Cox, Miner Iv. Kel-
logg, I. Dille, Th. Poesehe, Robert S. Hale,
S. P. Chase, W. W. Corcoran, Josiah Given,
Samuel S. Fisher, Robert J. Atkinson, J. D.
Cox, William McKee Dunn, Wager Swayne,
Reverdy Johnson, N. P. Chipman, Orlando M.
Poe, Joseph B. Will, A. R. Roessler, J. Dan-
iels, A. M. Kanouse, L. A. Gobright, Samuel
Milligan, William Johnston, and D. I). Porter,
of the District of Columbia, and their associ-
ates and successors, under the name of "The
American Union Academy of Literature, Sci-
ence, and Art," with the powers of a corpora-
tion, and having for its objects the advancement
of literature, science, and art, and securing
cooperation and concert of action in the dif-
fusion of knowledge throughout the country.
The Committee 011 the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out in section four the following words:
The academy shall report to Congress its constitu-
tion and by-laivs, and also mako an annual report
to Congress of its progress and proceedings.
And to insert:
Congress reserves the right to amend or repeal this
act at any time.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think the Senate
will occupy itself profitably by proceeding to
discuss the bill. I therefore move that it lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be laid on
the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw the motion for a moment. I reported the
bill, and I want to say a word upon it. I shall
take but a few moments.
Mr. SUMNER. I will do so at the Senator's
request.
Mr._ HAMLIN. I desire to say that this bill
contains the names of gentlemen who are now
associated together for the purposes named in
the bill. The bill may have a pretty high-
sounding title, but the scope and object is
expressed in the text-of the bill, and has no
sort of connection with any such purpose as
the Academy of Science and Art in France.
It does not propose to do any such thing. The
■whole scope and purpose of it is stated in the
bill:
Ilavinj? for its objects the advancement of liter-
ature. science, and art, and securing cooperation
nnd concert of action in the diffusion of knowledge
throughout the country.
That is the whole object of it. Now, sir,
who are some of the men named in it? John
William Draper, of the city of New York, is
not a man unknown to fame in science and
literature. G. W. Samson, who is president
of a college in this District, is a man of letters,
and known as such. Chief Justice Chase, of
the Supremo Court, is certainly a man as
worthy to be connected with an association if
it soughtto imitate the Academy of Science in
Paris. Reverdy Johnson, long a member of
this body, is a gentleman of wide and exten-
sive information. They are not, it is true, par
excellence, the savans of science; but I submit
candidly to the Senate, if they do their work in
a humbler field, if they are a little more prac-
tical than those who are purely scientific men,
whether they may not do as much good to the
country, and diffuse as much useful informa-
tion as though they were a close corporation
and consisting of other men..
This is the view I take of it. The House
of Representatives have passed the bill. It is
for the Senate to say what it will do. There
are other men named, of very respectable
abilities indeed, who stand well in the country,
and are known to be men of learning and
education. I do not say that they are purely
or exclusively scientific men. There are
other men of wealth named, who are associ-
ated there for the sole purpose of using their
means to advance the proposed object; not that
they are persons particularly qualified in that
direction, but their means certainly may be
used l'or that purpose. This is all I have to
say.
Air. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts, before he renews the motion to
lay 011 the table, will allow me to say one word.
I shall pass no unfavorable opinion upon the
gentlemen who are named in this bill as cor-
porators. So far as I know anything of them,
they are very respectable and worthy gen-
tlemen. But I do object to the assumption
of this high-sounding title put in the bill, in
favor of any set of persons who are likely to
apply for a charter for such a purpose as that.
In the first place, the bill itself does not
contain any specifications of the powei-3 and
duties of this corporation at all. 1 believe it
does not even fix the locality in which it shall
have its place of business. The Senator^rom
Maine will inform us whether it does or not.
I listened to the reading of it; but I did not
discover that they had any place of business.
A corporation, like every other person, natural
or artificial, ought to have a residence, that
the world may know where it is to be found.
The bill contains no provision whatever in
regard to the amount of personal property
which it may hold, or of the real property
which it may hold, the buildings it may ereet,
or anything of that kind. For aught there is
in the bill, the corporation might proceed to
issue its promissory notes and use them as
currency; to do certain banking powers under
this bill.
But all that aside, I confess that I am a little
impatient under this demand of the honorable
Senator from Maine to spend so much time
upon matters belonging to the District of
Columbia, Day after day, during this whole
session, has the attention of the Senate been
usurped by matters of this nature, of a purely
local character to this District, while there are
scores of bills of national importance pressing
upon us which cannot obtain a hearing at our
hands. I hope that we shall endeavor to econ-
omize our time a little, and dismiss from our
consideration the bill which is before us and
take up something of more importance. There
are bills before us that ought to be acted upon
speedily, not relating particularly to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, not asking for the incor-
poration of a few gentlemen who set up to be
the American Academy of Arts and Science,
but bills which are indispensable to the inter-
ests and the exigencies of the country.
_ Mr. PATTERSON. The principal objec-
tion to this bill seems to be that it has a very
large name. But, sir, a large name is not a
very unusual thing in this country. We have
a great many insurance companies entitled the
American or the National Insurance Company.
Mr. MORTON. And frequently without any
capital.
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, frequently with-
out any capital. Does the name do any harm
to anybody? Is anybody disgraced because
these insurance companies have large names?
Why, sir, I have 110 doubt that there are many
boys, perhaps young men, all over the country
named after the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts. Does that injure those young
men or the country ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. Not at all. And so
here these gentlemen have asked to be char-
tered under the name of the American Acad-
emy  
Mr. SUMNER. "The American Union
Academy of Literature, Science, and Art"—
all three.
Mr. PATTERSON. The American Union
Academy of Science, Literature, and Art. We
have a national academy in existence now. I
suppose there is an impression 011 the part of
some of the members of that academy that
this association is to be chartered in antag-
onism to themselves. If I understand the pur-
pose of this bill there is no such design. The
academy now in existence is confined in its
operation to the physical and the exact sciences,
while this association has a broader range and
covers the general subject of literature and his-
tory, as well as science. We all perfectly well
know that the academy already in existence is
in some sort a close corporation confined to
only fifty members. Does that number include
all the scientific men of the country ? There
are men outside of the association just as well
qualified to advance science in this country as
any men inside of it; but they are excluded
from the advantages of this National Academy
of Sciences. There are men all over the couu-
try who demand an association in which they
may help to advance science and at the same
time secure pleasure and improvement to them-
selves. Will anybody in the capital or in any
part, of the country be injured by their asso-
ciation? Why, sir, it seems to me that it is
hardly worthy of the American Senate to re-
fuse to these gentlemen an act of incorpora-
tion under which they may associate for these
high purposes. They are worthy men, and
should be treated as such.
I see here upon this list of incorporators the
name of Orlando M. Poe. Who, sir, is he?
Ho is an able astronomer, who was at one time
appointed by the French Government to take
charge of the astronomical observations to be
made in a French expedition to Mexico. At
a later day lie had charge of the observatory
at Havana, and only left there at the time of
the revolution; a man of high distinction and
great attainments in the department to which
he has given his labors'and his abilities. He
is not a man of straw. There are other high
and honorable names upon this list.
There may be some names upon the roll
which ought not to be here; very likely there
are; and many are left out which ought, to be
brought in; but shall we on account of any
jealousy or antagonism on the part of any ex-
isting society say that another shall not come
into existence? It seems to me that we ought
to charter this society for the good of literature
and science, and for the accommodation of
these gentlemen who ask it. I have 110 per-
sonal interest in it whatever otherwise than
that I think the charter should be granted of
general grounds.
Mr. HOWARD. If these gentlemen are so
anxious to become incorporated for scientific,
literary, or oilier purposes, all that they have
to do is either to avail themselves of the gen-
eral law which we have already passed during
this session, or if they are not satisfied with
that statute they can very easily resort to the
statutes ot New York, Pennsylvania, or any
other of the States of the Union, where they
will find ample provision to enter into their
articles of association, file them in the proper
office, and proceed with their undertaking, and
not detain Congress here by this special legis-
lation.
