4862-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
1 he previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
tune, and passed. ,
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONVERTIBLE BONDS.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2346) to authorize the issue of convertible
bonds; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I move the previous question.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue registered bonds of the United States in
such form and of sucli denominations, of not less
than fifty dollars and multiples thereof, as he
shall think proper, payable in thirty years from
date in gold, bearing interest at four per cent.,
payable semi-annually in gold, and free from
all excise and taxation whatever, either on said
bonds or the income derived therefrom, which
bonds shall be known as the convertible bonds
of the United States.
The second section provides that whenever
any person shall pay any legal-tender notes of
the United States at the Treasury or at any
Assistant Treasury of the United States to the
amount of fifty dollars or any multiple thereof
for that purpose, he shall receive at par value
an equal amount of such convertible bonds ;
and whoever shall present one or more of said
convertible bonds at the Treasury or at any
Assistant Treasury of the United States, or at
any public depository of the moneys of the
United States, which the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have designated for that pur-
pose, and demand redemption thereof, he shall
receive the face of his bond or bonds in legal-
tender notes at par value, and the accrued
interest remaining unpaid up to the date of
such demand in gold; and such bonds shall be
immediately canceled and returned to the
Treasury of the United States as vouchers for
the amount paid thereon.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall, as soon as practicable
after receiving the same, invest at least eighty
per cent, and as much more as he shall deem
expedient of all legal-tender notes received for
such bonds in buying up or redeeming the six
per cent, bonds of the United States, and au-
thorizes him to make such regulations as he
shall deem needful to carry the provisions of
this act into effect.
Mr. ALLISON. Is not this bill a loan bill,
and ought it not to go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman make
the point of order?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise the point of order,
if the gentleman does not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman raises the
point of order that this is a loan bill, which is
the same as a tax bill and must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Chair sustains
the point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask, then, that the
bill shall go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. . , . .
Mr. DAWES. When it comes back from
that committee it will have to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The same point of order
will be against it.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, then, let it go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. , c
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
DUTIES ON SALT.
Mr. REEVES. I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution, on which I ask the pre-
vious question:
Whereas, salt is an article of prime nccesMty and
universal consumption, which, proportionally to
number?, forms a larger item in the domestic econ-
omy of families of small or moderate means than it
does in those of the wealthier classes, and ought
therefore nt ail times to be as hghtlytaxed as is con-
sistent, with a due regard to the revenue needed for
an economical administration of the Government:
and whereas, in any genuine and well-considered
scheme of revenue reform dudes which tend directly
and largely to augment the cost ofsueh a commodity
as salt should bo reduced in picference to others
which bear less heavily upon the resources of tho
great body of the people: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Ways and
Means are hereby directed and instructed to report
to this House forthwith a bill reducing the present
duties on all classes of salt fifty per cent.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question: and there were—ayes 51, noes
53; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cessna and
Mr. Reicvks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 07.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; which
was upon adopting the resolution.
Mr. ELDR1DG15. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. MCCARTHY. Is it, in order to move to
refer this resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means without instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not; for the previous
question has been seconded and t he mam ques-
tion ordered on the resolution with instructions.
Mr. McCARTIIY. Then I move that thu
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. IIGLMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 57, nays 307, not
voting G5; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ambler, Arniftrong, Atwood.
Ayer, Barnutn, Beaman, Bennett, Blair, George
Brooks, Builinton, Cessna, Ainasa Cobb, Conner,
Covode, Dawes, Dixon, Donley, Perriss, Feiry,
Fisher, Harris, Hill, Hoar, Kolley, Kelsey, Knapp,
Lallin, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrcw, Mercur,
Eliakim II. Moore, "William Moore, Morphis, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Myor.s, Negley, Nowsham. O'Neill,
Packer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Poland, Sawyer,
Schenck, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worth-
ington 0. Smith, Strickland, Tanner. Towns>end,
Upson. Wclkcr, Wheeler, WiiJard, and John T. Wil-
son— 57.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Asper, Banks,
B catty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Booker,
Bowen, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burcbard,
Burdett, Burr, RoderickR, Butler, Churchill,'William
T. Clmk, Cleveland, Clinton h. Cobb, Coburn, Con-
nor, Cook, Cox, Crebs. Cullom, D.tvis, Degener, Dick-
inson, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, Earnsworth, Pinkoln-
burg. Fitch, Gailield, Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hawley, Hay, Hays, HefJin, Dolman, Ingcraoll,
Johnson,ThomasL. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lash,
Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
McCormick, McCrary, McKee, McKcnzie, McNeoly,
Milne^, JesseII. Moore. Morgan, Mungcn, Niblaek,
Orth,Packard, Paine, Piatt, Pomcroy, Hooves, Rice,
Rogers, Sargent, Schumakcr, Shanks, Lionel A.Shel-
don, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth. Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strong, Svvann, Sweeney, Taffc, Trimble,
Tyner, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wallace, Ward,
Wells, Wliitmore, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester. Wood, and Woodward—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Barry, Benton, Bingham, Boyd,
Beniamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Sidney Clarke.
Cowies, Dickey, Dockery, Dox, Duval, Fox, Getz,
Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold, liaight, Haldcman,
Hambleton, Hamill, llogo, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Jcnckes, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kellogg,
Ketcham, Lynch, Mayham, Samuel P. Morn!!,
Morrissey, Palmer, Peters, Porter, Potter, Prosscr,
Randall, llidgway, Roots, Sanford, Scolield, Slier-
rod, Shober, Slocum, Starkweather, Strader, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Twichell, Van Horn, Van Wyck,Voor-
hees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilkinson, Winans, and Witcher—C~>.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PAINE said: My colleague, Mr. Wash-
burn-, of Wisconsin, is detained from the House
by sickness.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. My colleague, Mr. Ran-
dall, is paired with Mr. Dickey. If Mr. Ran-
dall was here he would vote "no" on this
question.
The question recurred upon the adoption of
the preamble and resolution, upon which the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in oider to have
separate votes upon the resolution and pre-
amble.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has a right
to call fui separate votes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I call for separate
votes.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken upon adopting the resolution.
Mr. FELIRISS. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion, and move to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered.
Mr. COX. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is, at any time before
the previous question is partly executed.
Mr. COX. Then I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FERRISS. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
The question was then taken: and it was
decided m the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 56,
notvoting 71; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Aspcr, Atwood, Ayer,
Bcatty, Beck, Benjamin. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Boles,
Booker, Bow en, James Brooks, Buckley. Bmchaid,
Buidett. Burr, Roderick 11.. Butler, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke. Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cox. Crobs, Cullom. Dogcnor, Dick-
inson, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, F.imsworth, Finkchi-
burg, Fitch, Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Hawkins,
Hawley, liny, lJays, liejhn, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones Judd, Kerr, Knott, L&sh, Law-
rence, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,- McCor-
mick, McCrary, McKeiuie, McNoely, Milnes, Jesse
JL. Moore, Morgan, Mungcn. Newsnam, Niblaek,
Orth, Packard, Pomeroy, Reeves, Rice, Rogeis,
Shanks. Lionel A.Sheldon. Joseph S. Smith. Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Mnyth, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stoke5, Stone, Stoughton. Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, T.ule, Trimble, Tyner, V;ui Auken, Van
Trump, Wallace, Ward, WelK Whitniore, Wilkin-
son, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Win-
chester, Wood, and" Woodward—102.
NAY S—Mes«rs. Ambler. Ames, Armstrong, Banks,
Beaman, Bennett, Blair, George M. Brooks, Bulliu-
ton, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Covode, Davis,
Dawes, Dixon, Donley, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Har-
ris, Hill. Hoar, Ivclley, Kellogg, ltelsey, Knapp,
Laliin, Maynaid, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur, Elia-
kim 11. Moore, William Mooie. Morphis, Daniel J 
Morrell, Myers, Negiey, O'Neill, Packer, Peek,
Phelps, Poland, Sawyer, Schenck, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, Woirhington C. Suiirh, Strickland,
Tanner, Taylor, Townieud, lip^on, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, and John T. Wilson—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey. Barnum, Bany.Benton, Bojd,Buck,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Con-
ner, Cowlcs, Dickey, Dockery, Dox, Duval, Fox,
Getz, Gibson,Gilhllan, Haight, Haldeman, Ilambla-
ton, Ilamill, Hamilton, lloge, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Jenokes, Alexander II. Joncb, Julian,
Ketcham, Lynch, Mayham, McKee, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Moirissey, Paine, Palmer, Peieo, l'etcrs, Piatt,
Porter, Potter, Pro«ser, Randall, llidgway. Root--,
Sanford, Sargent, Schuuiaker, Scolield, Sherrod,
Shober, Slocum, Starkweather. Srrader, Tillman,
Twieheil, Van Horn. Van Wjck, Voorhce , Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Wiliunn B. Washburn, Welker,
and Witcher—71.
So the motion to lay on tbe table the motion
to reconsider the vote whereby the main ques-
tion was ordered was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on agreeing to the resolution, on which the
question will be taken separately from the pre-
amble, a division having been demanded bv the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.]
On this question the yeas and navs have been
ordered.
Mr. SCHLNCIv. I hope the yeas and nays
will not. be insisted upon. There have be<.-n
two or tlnee test votes, and it is not worth whiio
to consume time by taking the yeas and nays
again on this question.
Ihe SPiiAKER. Is there unanimous con-
sent that the call of the yeas and nays shall ba
dispensed with, and the vote on the resolution
taken viva voce?
Mr. Iii LDUIDGE. Oh, no ; let us have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr..Speaker, is it prac-
ticable to divide the preamble? It contains
