1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
and communicated the resolutions of the House
thereon.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, my de-
ceased colleague belonged to that class known
as "substantial business men." His life was
mainly devoted to mercantile pursuits, with the
success that capacity, industry, good health,
and unblemished integrity seldom fail to
achieve. Though decided in his political opin-
ions, he was not a politician, nor did he'aspire
to political distinction. The only office he ever
held was that of Representative in Congress,
and that was thrust upon him. In a district
in which his political opponents largely pre-
dominated he was elected Dy over nine hundred
majority. This result was owing more to the
esteem felt for him by his neighbors, and their
eonfideuce in his sound judgment and untar-
nished character, than to any other cause.
He was, indeed, a man worthy of their trust
and affection; punctual and faithful in all he
undertook, clear-sighted and resolute in the
discharge of his duties, yet singularly modest
and wholly devoid of affectation. A model man
in his domestic and social relations, and as a
citizen liberal and public-spirited, he set an
example eminently worthy of respect and
imitation. To his family his loss is irrepar-
able ; to his friends and neighbors it will be a
source of lasting regret.
Mr. Hoag was born near Syracuse, New
York, April 0, 1816. In 1848 he removed to
Toledo, Ohio, where he ever afterward resided.
He took his seat iu Congress on the 4th of
March last. He came to Washington at the
commencement of the present session appar-
ently in the most perfect health. No member,
of his age, seemed to have a fairer prospect of
a long and happy life. Blessed with health,
cheerfulness, competency, friends, and a loving
and beloved wife and children, his pathway
of life lay bright and beautiful before him.
But in an instant, as if to show what shadows
we are, he was struck down by disease; and
.after lingering nearly seveu weeks, retaining
his mental faculties all the time, and suffering
no pain, he calmly and quietly sunk into Uie
embraces of death.
Mr. President, I offer the following reso-
lutions :
lleaolved, That the Senate receive with sincere
regret the announcement of the death ef Tebman II.
Hoag, late a member of the House of Representa-
tives from tho State of Ohio, and tender to the fam-
ily of the deceased the assurance of their sympathy
with them under tho bereavement they have been
ealled to sustain.
lteiolvcd, That, the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to transmit to the family of Mr. Hoag a cer-
tified copy of the foregoing resolution.
liesotved, That, in token of respect for the memory
oi the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise, Mr. President, to
second the resolutions of my colleague. It is
probable t«ut he and I, alone of (he members
of the Senate, had formed the acquaintance of
Mr. Hoag during his brief service as a member
ofthe House of Representatives. My knowledge
of him is chiefly obtained from conversations
with his constituents. He was not among those
who struggled for political honors. He was
not a candidate for office, and he was selected
for the one he held at his death by his polit-
ical adversaries. For more than twenty years
he was a merchant of the city of Toledo, where
he was universally respected for his probity
and public spirit. He was a man of fine pres-
ence, of genial humor, and won his way to the
good will of his neighbors and associates by his
uprightness, sincerity, and modesty.
When division sprang up among the Repub-
licans in his district, many of his business asso-
ciates who did not agree with him in his party
relations expressed their willingness to support
him, and he was accordingly nominated by the
Democratic party, and was elected by a hand-
some majority in a poll of thirty thousand
votes.
During thewar he warmly and actively sup-
ported all the measures adopted to recruit and
support our armies, and gave his full share for
the relief and support of our soldiers, their
widows and orphans.
No man ever entered Congress \vith less
partisan bitterness and prejudice. In my first
interview with him last winter, he stated to me
the circumstances of his election, and modestly
expressed his wish to represent the interests
of his constituents, and hia determination to
vote upon every question according to his judg-
ment, and without reference to political parties.
Such, I have no doubt, would have been his
course, and in it he would have been sustained
by his constituents.
I did not dream that he was the first of his
colleagues to be touched by the hand of death.
He looked like one assured of a long and
tranquil life. When such a man is taken from
' among us, it may not excite the general sad-
ness caused by the death of a prominent leader
i in public affairs; but with his family and per-
! sonal friends, and within the limits of his ac-
quaintance at home, his death will be mourned
with unaffected sorrow, and many a tear of
true affection will be shed over his grave that
might not be won by ambition or distinction.
He was not long enough among us here to win
high public honors, but he will receive from
his neighbors at home the higher honor of a
burial service of sincere sorrow. To his widow
and his two children his loss is irreparable, for
in his family he was kind and affectionate. He
was respected by all his colleagues. We ask
the momentary pause in our public duties, not
only as a mark of respect to his memory, but
to note the recurrence of the oft-repeated
warning that the possession of office does not
stay the hand of death, but that each of us
may in a moment be called to higher account-
ability than to States or constituents.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed
to; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 7, 1870.
jj The House metattwelve o'clock m. Prayer
j by the Chaplain, Ilev. J. G. Butler.
;! The Journal of Saturday last was read and
| approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
sea-going vessels, etc.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1107) to aid in the construction of
sea-going vessels,steamboats, and ships; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed in the Globe.
The bill is as follows:
A bill to aid in theconstruction of sea-going vessels,
steamboats, and ships.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State  of America in Congress assem-
bled, That any person or company who, by an agent
or otherwise, may hereafter construct, or cause to be
constructed, any vessel, steamboat, or ship, for ocean
commerce, upon the soil of and within the jurisdiction
of the United States of America, shall be entitled to
receivo from the Treasury of the United States such
snmof money, not otherwise appropriated, as shall be
equal to eighty-five per cent, of the amount received
as a revenue by the Government on the materials
which enter into and are used in the construction of
such vessel, steamboat, or ship; but if said builder of
such vessel, steam boat, or ship shall use articles man-
ufactured in the United States instead of foreign man-
ufacture, he shall receive ninety percent., according
to the comparative value between such articles of
home and foreign manufacture upon which foreign
manufacture duties are laid: Provided, That such
vessels, steamboats, and ships shall be constructed
i with as much adaptation to the naval service as is
practicable: And provided also. That the Govern-
ment shall have tho right to appropriate such vessel,
steamboat, or ship to its own use, in time of war, at
a cash value, after just appraisement made under
the direction of the President of the United States.
naval constructors and citil 1jngineers.
Mr. ELA introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1108)
to regulate the rank of naval constructors and
civil engineers in the Navy ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
patent office employes.
Mr. ELA also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1109) to authorize the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to pay certain employ6s of the Patent
Office for services rendered ; whu?h was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
royal hatch.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1110) for the relief of the heirs of Royal
Hatch; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Patents.
french spoliations.
Mr. BUFFINTON presented resolutions of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts relating
to the claims of American citizens on account
of French spoliations; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
new post route.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1111) for a post route from North East to
Waltsburg, Pennsylvania; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
weekly newspapers.
Mr. SCOFIELD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1112) to except the free delivery of
weekly newspapers to subscribers within the
counties where such newspapers are published
from the operation of the act entitled " An act
to abolish the franking privilegewhich was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
international coinage.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1113) to promote the establishment of an inter-
national metrical system of coinage; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
peter m'gouoh.
Mr. GILFILLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1114) for the relief of Peter McGough,
late collector of internal revenue and disburs-
ing agent for the twentieth district of Pennsyl-
vania; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
robert brigham.
Mr. GILFILLAN also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1115) for the relief of Robert Brig-
ham, late postmaster at Franklin, Pennsylva-
nia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
transmission of newspapers.
Mr. GETZ introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1116)
to promote the diffusion of information among
the people ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed in the Globe.
. The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That from and after the 1st day
of July, A. D. 1870, all newspapers and periodicals
published within the United Statesshall be transmit-
ted through themails free of postage, when sent from
the offices of publication to actual and regular sub-
scribers.
william h. crantz.
Mr. HAMILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1117) for the relief of William H. Crantz:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
