2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
ened with considerable interest to the argument
of the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, [Mr. Julian,] and 1 think the gentle-
man has discussed everything else relating to
the position of these lands except the provisions
of this bill. Now, I am not prepared to defend
the act to which the gentleman refers—an act
which was passed under such extraordinary
circumstances as he alleges it was. But the
gentleman has said nothing against the pro-
visions of this bill. Assuming that the act of
which this is amendatory is subject to the crit-
icism which he has passed upon it, that would
militate nothing against this bill.
This is a bill amending that act. If it is such
a vicious act as the gentleman himself would
have us believe, then, sir, it is highly important
that it should be amended. Now what are the
provisions of this law? They are simply two.
As the law now stands it is impossible for
any one to obtain a title to any quantity of land
from the Government in less quantity than forty
acres. Now, it is well known that as regards
mining lands it is important that parties should
be enabled to obtain titles to smaller quantities
than forty acres, and the main provision of
this bill is that the miner shall be entitled under
certain circumstances to acquire titles to lands
in tracts not exceeding ten acres. Nothing
has been said against this provision of the bill
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
and I think it must be apparent that the lan-
guage is sufficiently guarded to protectthe rights
of all parties.
Another provision of the bill is in regard to
taking proofs, the third additional section
having reference to that matter. The provis-
ions of the law, as it now stands, are very
onerous to parties residing in parts of the coun-
try which are sparsely settled and where the
offices in which proofs can be taken are far
distant from the residences of those persons.
It is believed that it would be of great benefit
to such parties, without working any injury
whatever, to provide that affidavits under the
act may be verified in the district wheie the
claims may bo situated, and, as stated in this
bill, that "when duly eertilied by the officer
taking the same shall have the same force and
effect as if taken before the register and
receiver of the iaml ollico."
Now, sir, until the gentleman says something
against the provisions of this amended bill f
submit that the argument against Ihe original
law should avail but very little.
Mr. SARGENT. No one is more disposed
than myself to do full justice to the intelligence
and industry which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] brings to the consideration of all
land questions; and I believe and know from
my observation of that gentleman, not only
during this Congress, but before, that ho is
actuated only by honest purposes. I think,
however, that the objections which he stated
do not apply to this bill, and I notice with
pleasure that lie himself hesitates to advance
an objection to the bill. I do not think that
it is relevant to this discussion for me to defend
what may be called the common law customs
of the miners of California. Suffice it to say
that they are well understood and fully admin-
istered by our courts. They have been recog-
nized by special enactments of Congress, and
are administered in the Supremo Court of the
United States on all questions arising out of
the possession or ownership of mining claims.
It is true there are some five hundred mining
districts in the State of California. I think
that that number is correct. But it is a great
State; the mining region is extensive; and a
mining district is so regulated by the miners
themselves as that its exterior boundaries shall
not be too far from the center. The miners
then have ready access to the records which
they make of their mining claims for consulta-
tion, which is frequently necessary in order to
ascertain boundaries and priority.
It is true that in some districts more feet are
allowed for quartz claims than in others, be-
cause in some districts the quartz ledges are
richer than in others; and the rule is that the
value of one mining claim shall be as nearly
assimilated to that of another as they can be
by mining laws before development. If there
is any evil in the system now existign that merits
condemnation this bill is designed as a remedy
for it.
I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Niblack] to offer an amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That none of the
rights conferred by sections five, eight, and nine of
the act to which this act is amendatory shall be abro-
gated by this act; and the same are hereby extended
to all public lands affected by this act. And all patents
granted or preemptionsorhomesteads allowed shall
be subject to any vested and accrued water-rights or
rights to ditches and reservoirs used in connection
with such water-rights as ruayhavo been acquired
under or recognized by the ninth section of the act
of which this act is amendatory.
During my visit to California last summer
my attention was called to this subject and to
the great need of additional legislation upon
this question affecting the rights of miners in
that State and in the adjacent States and Ter-
ritories. I ara assured by friends residing in
the mining districts that the proposed amend-
ment to the existing mining laws is substan-
tially what they need and is entirely acceptable
to them. I have reason to believe, therefore,
that the bill ought to pass. I am not sure that
the amendment which I offer is necessary for
theproteetion oftherights which it is intended
particularly to secure, but I am quite sure, and
upon that point I have had some consultation
with gentlemen interested, that it will do no
harm. Out of abundance of caution, therefore,
I have sought the opportunity to offer this
amendment, and I trust it will be adopted.
Whether it is or is noil am prepared to vote
for the bill, but I shall do so much more cheer-
fully if the amendment shall be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. The object of the amend-
ment is unquestionably right. It is not the
intention of the bill to take away any rights
secured by the former act, and if there is any
doubt about it the amendment ought to be
adopted. I yield now to my colleague, [Mr.
Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of section thirteen:
Provided, however, Thatnothing in thisaetshall be
doomed to impair any lien which may havo attached
in any way whatever to any mining claim or prop-
erty thereto attached prior to tho issuance of -a
patent.
Mr. SARGENT. I allow that amendment
to be offered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only wish to say a word
or two with regard to ray own position upon
this bill, and I would not crave tho indulgence
of the House even to say a word but in explan-
ation of my conduct ill supporting this bill.
It is well known in California that heretofore
I have opposed all congressional legislation
upon this subject. I have based my opposition
to congressional interference in these mining
matters upon tho ground that the control of the
mineral lands belongs to the States by virtue of
tho principle of State sovereignty. But I am
driven from that position, as I take it, by the
new order of things and by the decision of the
Supreme Court, and must now yield to superior
power. And as the miners of my State desire
to have some such legislation as this passed, I
will cheerfully cooperate with my colleague
[Mr. Sargent] and ask of this House to pass
this bill. I do not believe it is the best that
could be adopted; but I am certain that it is the
best we can get through the House at this time.
Now a few words in regard to my amend-
ment. The statute of limitations runs only two
years in the State of California; that is, in
California a man cannot maintain an action in
regard to a mining claim unless ho was in pos-
session of it, or receiving rents and protits
therefrom, within two years of tho date of his
action. A mortgage or lien in our State runs
for four years. The object of my amendment
is to maintain this mortgage lien or laborer's
lien which we take out in that State, although
the miner may have transferred his claim and
his grantee may have applied and received his
patent. I suppose that statement is sufficient
to explain my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to res erve to my-
self the right, in case the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] should
be adopted, to move a verbal amendment to
the bill to make it conform to that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move the previous
question on th& bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Niblack, to add the following
to the bill:
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That none of the
rights conferred by sections live, eight, and nine of
the act to which this act is amendatory shall bo abro-
gated by this act, and tho same are hereby extended
to all public lands affected by this act, and all patents
granted and preemptions and homesteads allowed
shall bo subject to any vested and accrued water-
rights or rights of ditches and reservoirs used in
connection with such water-rights as may have been
acquired under or recognized by the ninth section
of the act of which this act is amendatory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Johnson, to add to section thir-
teen the following:
Provided, however, That nothing in this act shall
bo deemed to impair any lien which may have
attached in any way whatever to any mining claim
or property thereto attached prior to tho issuance
of a patent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move to amend
the first clauso of this bill so as to make it
read, " by adding thereto the following addi-
tional sections, numbered twelve, thirteen,
fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, re-
spectively," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sutro tunnel.
Mr. FERRISS. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Mines and Mining to report
back House bill No. 1179, explanatory of the
act of July 25, 186G, relating to the Sutro
tunnel, and to move that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the same be laid on the table. This is
not a unanimous report, and the committee
have consented that the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] might make a minority
report, with the consent of the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I will have tho minority
report ready to-morrow. As the morning hour
is about to expire I would ask to have action
suspended upon this bill till to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, as it would interfere with re-
ports of other committees. There are eight
minutes of the morning hour now remaining.
_ Mr. SARGENT, I will state that the ori-
ginal bill giving a grant of land and certain
privileges to Adolf Sutro and his assigns pro-
vided among other things that Mr. Sutro should
have a royalty of two dollars a ton upon all
rock that should be taken out of the Comstoek
lode by certain companies which were mining
upon that lode after he had got his tunnel in
to a certain extent and in a certain condition,
whether that rock was taken out of his own
tunnel or drawn to tho surface by the hoisting-
works of the companies.
