1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4863
is
two propositions; one of which, in my judg-
ment, is sound and the other unsound.
The SPEAKER. That matter does not yet
arise. The preamble cannot be voted upon till
the question has been taken on the resolution.
The only legislative force, at any rate, is in the
resolution, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 49, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Beatty.Beck, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Booker, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buretiard, Burdetfc, Burr, Roderick
It. Butler. William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Conner, Cook, Cox,
Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Degener,Dickinson,Dyer, Ela,
lilldrtdge, Farnsworth, Pmkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield,
Ualdeman, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Heliin,
llolman, Inverse 11, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Judd,
Kellogg-, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Loiran,
l^oughridge, Marshall, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Kcnzie, McNeely, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan,
Mungen, Non-sham, Niblack, Orth,Packard, Paine,
Pock, Pcrec, Piatt, Porneroy. Prosser, Reeves. Rice,
Jlngcr<, S.irgent, Shanks, Sbobcr, John A. Smith,
Jo.-cph S. Smith, William J. Smit.li, Worthington C.
Smith, "William Smyth, Slovens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Talfo,
Tumble, Twichell, Tyner, Van Aukon, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Ward, Wells, Whit more, Wilkinson,
Williams, Bugene M. Wilson. Wmans, Winchester,
Wood. and Woodward—110.
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, At-
wood, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair;
(ieorge M. Brooks, Bullinton, Benjamin P. Butler,
Ce.-sna, AraasaCobb, Conger, Covode, Dixon, Donley,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, lio.ir, Kclloy.Kelscy, Ivnapp,
Jjiitlin, Ma.ynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Eliakim H.
jUooie, William Moore, Daniel .1. Morrell, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Packer, Phelps, Poland, Sawyer,
Seheiick, Porter Sheldon, Strickland, Tanner, 'l'ay-
loi, Tillman, Townacnd, Wheeler, Wiilard, and J oliri
T. Wilson—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey. Banks, Barnum, Bairy, Bowcn,
Bi yd, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Co'.vie-', Dawes,
ILckey, Dockcry, Dox, Duval, Fox, Getz, Gibson,
Gillillj.n, Griswokl, Haight, Hale, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hill. Hogc, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Jeiukcs. Alexander H. Jones, Julian,
Kcteha.ii!, Lvncb. Mavhani, JlcKee, Mtercur, Mor-
 iiis, Samael X3. Morrill, Morrissey, Palmer,
Actors, Porter, Potter Randall. _ Ilidgvvay, Roots,
San ford, Selmmakcr, Scoheld, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Sherrod. Slocum, Starkweather, Stone, Strader,
Upson, Van AVyck, Voorlioes, Wallace, Cadwaladcr
C.Washburn, William ii. Washburn, Welkcr, and
Witclier—TO.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. R.EEVES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider he laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The preamble was adopted.
JS1 r. REEVES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FUNDING DILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. If will be remembered
that the other day I reported back the funding
bill and asked that it be made a special order
for to-morrow after the morning hour; but
some objection was then made. I now renew
the request that the bill be made a special
order tor to-morrow after the morning hour,
and that it be considered in the House, under
the five-minutes rule, as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe that to-morrow
after the morning hour has been assigned for
the Indian appropriation bill, which will prob-
ably occupy an hour or an hour and a halt.
I should like to have that bill disposed of, that
it may be sent to the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood that the In-
dian appropriation bill would probably be got
through with to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I think that both that and
the miscellaneous appropriation bill can be
finished to-day.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask tiie gentleman
from Ohio whether the bill which he reports
back is the same that was referred to the com-
mit! ee?
Mr. SCIIENCK. It is, with a slight verbal
amendment.
Mr. COX. It is already printed ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is business of
the Committee of Elections which ought to be
disposed of to-morrow.
Mr. SCIIENCK. This is an important bill
and ought to be disposed of as soon as possi-
ble. Under the five-minutes rule, allowing
opportunity for discussion and amendment, we
think we can dispose of the bill in a few hours.
Mr. WOOD. I shall object to any arrange-
ment of the kind proposed. I should like to
speak at some length on this subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. So should I; i)ut I am
willing to refrain from doing so.
Mr. WOOD. Fix fifteen minutes as the
limitation for debate.
Mr.SCHENCK. Well,Iwillsayten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition as modified ?
Mr. SAIIGENT. I object, unless some pro-
vision be made in regard to the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that it be
made the special order for to-inorrow, after
the morning hour, under the five-minutes rule,
and for that purpose I move that the rules be
suspended.
Mr. SAIIGENT. I rise to a point of order, j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Make it ten |
minutes. !
Mr. SARGENT. Byunanimousconsentthe
House have fixed the same time already for
the consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill, and I make the point that the suspension
of the rules cannot do away with that unani-
mous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand there was unanimous consent.
Mr. SARGENT. It was fixed by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. If objection be withdrawn
I will agree to the ten-miuutes debate. If not
I will move to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the gentleman
from Ohio to give the gentleman irom Cali-
fornia [Mr. Saiigent] time to get through the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I will say, then, after the
morning hour, and after the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I must insist on my
objection to the proposition on behalf of the
business of the Committee of Elections.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
80, noes 38.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
ative) the rules were suspended.
The funding bill was made the special order
for to-morrow after the morning hour, and
after the amendments of the Senate to the In-
dian appropriation bill have been disposed of,
the debate to be limited to five minutes each.
diplomatic appropriation hill.
Mr. KELSEY. I am instructed to report
back from the Committee on Appropriations
the amendments of the Senate to a bill (II. 11.
No. 1001) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871, and for other purposes, and move that
they be non-concurred in, and a committee of
conference asked for on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Willthegen-
tleman state substantially what the Senate
amendments are?
Mr. KELSEY. The first is to raise the sal-
ary of the minister to Japan to $10,000. The
next is in reference to the salary ot the minis-
ter resident and consul general to Liberia.
There is an increase of appropriations for for-
eign missions of some §50,000 more than is |
called for by the estimates. I have only stated i
the material amendments. j
The amendments of the Senate were non- j
concurred in, and a conference requested on j
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. j
UNITED STATES COURTS IN INDIANA. |
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent of i
the House to take from the Speaker's table
the amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 238 to require the holding of additional
district and circuit courts of the United States
in the district of I ndiana, and for other purposes.
There was no objection, and'the amendment
was taken up.
Mr. KERR. The amendment requires the
local authorities to furnish court-rooms with-
out expense to the Federal Government. I am
directed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
move a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE CARTAGE.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas on the 4th of April last this House di-
rected the Secretary of tho Treasury to report what
change—by contracts, regulations, or otherwise—had
then been made by the collector of customs atNew
Y'ork city, with reference to the cartage system for
goods ; the reason foi such changes, and whose inter-
ests were thereby affected, favorably or unfavora-
bly; and whereas the Secretary promptly ordered an
investigation into the said system, having found the
system ot doubtful legality and an unjust exaction
on the merchants, carmen, and others engaged in
commerce ill said city, and by a letter of instructions
ofthclstot June last having restored the general
older of business and abolished said cartage bureau
system; and whereas said cartage bureau system,
notwithstanding said order ot tho Secretary, still
exists through the act of the collector alone, who
refuses compliance with tho order of tho Secretary;
and notwithstanding the written protest of the mer-
chants ot New York city, representing commercial
wealth to tho amount of $350,000,000, and against [ho
protests of the warehousemen,carters, truckmen, and
others engaged in local transportation : Therefore,
Resolved, U'liat the Secretary of the Treasury com-
municate to this House the results of his investiga-
tions and his orders and letters in the premises ; ami
that he also eommunicatc why his instructions have
not been complied with, to the end that legislation
may be had, it necessary, in the premises.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
applying for the information sought by that
resolution, but I do not want to agree to all
that recital of facts.
Mr. COX. The information when obtained
will correct the statement of facts if they are
not stated correctly. The facts have all been
published, but they have not been returned to
this House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman wil!
alter the phraseology so that the preamble
will read "whereas it is alleged," &c., I will
not object.
Mr. COX. I am willing to make that mod-
ification.
The question was put on the preamble and
resolution as thus modified, and they were
agreed to.
IlKLlEIf FK03I SUCCESSION AND STAMP TAXES.
Mr. M AYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee of Ways
and Means, in order to have it put upon its
passage at this time, the bill (II. R. No. 1914)
to relieve the estate held by Louis M. Edge
from legacy or succession tax and stamp tax.
If I am allowed to say a few words before the
bill is read, perhaps the House will understand
it better. It seems that in the States of Massa-
chusetts and New Y'ork tho people connected
with the Roman Catholic church held their
property that was used for schools and simi-
lar purposes by titles vested in one and another
of their clergy. The title to various pieces of
property in both those States was in that way
vested in a priest named Louis M. Edge, who
held it in trust simply for the benefit of the
people of that church. This gentleman died,
I think, in the month of February last, having
by his last will and testament devised these
properties to another priest named Patrick
Stanton. In the month ot' April the Legisla-
tures of Massachusetts and ofNew Y'ork incor-
porated the "Augustinian Society" to hold
property for educational purposes ; and it is
