1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
Prior to that time a contract had been made
with Mr. Sutro by some of the companies upon
the lode wherein they bound him positively
that he would within a certain length of time
commence three shafts for the purposes of this
tunnel, and have certain other work done upon
the tunnel; that he would get subscriptions to
the stock of the company to the amount of a
certain number of millions of dollars as a guar-
antee of his good faith and of the early com-
pletion of the tunnel. While that contract was
in force, and before the expiration of the time
within which these conditions were to be per-
formed, Mr. Sutro came to Congress, and with
his peculiar ability for representing his case
in the strongest light to members personally,
induced Congress to pass an act declaring that
the amount of compensation provided to be paid
to him in these contracts should remain a tax
upon the companies forever, no matter whether
he performed his part of these contracts or not.
That was the logic of the act of Congress which
was passed; and to show that J am correct in
this I call attention to the fact that the press
of this District a day or two since, in com-
menting upon the action of the Committee on
Mines and Mining, staled that the proposition
to repeal this section had been voted down in
that committee, leaving me in a minority of
one, and that thereby there was confirmed to
Mr. Sutro forever the right to charge two dol-
lars a ton on all rock which may be taken out
of that lode.
After that act was passed, and when Mr.
Sutro himself evidently did not dream of this
construction to be put upon it; when even he
did not suppose that it released him from the
necessity of complying with his part of the con-
tract and finishing the tunnel within a certain
length of time, lie went to those companies
and procured from some of thenx an extension
of the time during which the contract should
run. But the original time expired and the
extended time expired, and the companies,
when they applied under the mining law of
18GG for their patents, found that the law con-
tained a provision that they should not have a
patent for a single claim unless the patent con-
tained a provision imposing this immense tax
on them for all time.
But before that construction of the law had
been made the companies, in consequence of
his delay in finishing his work, which up to
the present time is scarcely more than com-
menced, and until within a few months not
commenced at all, had gone on and erected
upon those claims heavy machinery, whereby
they went down deep into the bowels of the
earth and made the developments which it
was said this tunnel would accomplish. They
found among other things that there was no
water down there to be drained out by this
tunnel. It was found also that when shafts
were extended perpendicularly into the earth
and connected with the drifts extending hor-
izontally a strong draft was created, making
the air down there as cool as upon the surface
of the earth—so much so that visitors to the
mines were cautioned not to sit down lest they
might take cold; and throughout the mines
gates are put across these shafts and drifts in
order to prevent a too strong current of air,
by which the candles of the miners might be
blown out and their work incommoded.
By these developments the original objects
of the tunnel were shown to be fallacious, that
the tunnel was not ncccssary for the purpose
of draining off water or for purposes of ven-
tilation.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
VOSTAL COMMUNICATION WITH MEXICO.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, byunanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. lo46)
authorizing mail steamship service in the Gulf
of Mexico between the port of New Orleans,
Louisiana, and certain ports in the republic of
Mexico; which was read afirst and second time,
and referred to the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Tonnage.
ENROLLED JOINT KESOMJTIOX.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found^ truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (II. E. No. 115) relative to
legislative fund of Washington Territory.
MSSSOMONEE INDIANS.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1547) to authorize
the sale of certain lands reserved for the use of
the Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State
of Wisconsin; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
COAL.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted a communication from a committee
appointed at a public meeting in Alleghany
county, Maryland, relative to the tariff on coal;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
HON. RODERICK E. BUTLER.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, I am
directed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
call up the report in the caseof Hon. R. R. But-
leb. The Committee on Military Affairs, who
were authorized by the resolutions of the House
of Representatives of the 4th day of February,
1870, and March 1, 1870, to inquire into the
alleged sale of appointments to the Military and
Naval Academies by members of this Congress,
have in this agreed to certain propositions
which I will state.
1. That on the 27th day of February, 18G9,
thesaid UodeuickR. Butler recommended the
appointment of Augustus C. Tyler, son of Gen-
eral Daniel Tyler, late of the United States
Army, as a cadet at the West Point Military
Academy.
2. That said Augustus C. Tyler was not a
resident of the first congressional district of
Tennessee.
3. That after said appointment was made
an agent or attorney of General Tyler gave to
Mr. Bdtler the sum of §900, which said Bdtler
received with the avowed intention of using
the same for political purposes in the State of
Tennessee.
To these propositions four of the members
of the committee signed their names, and two
who were absent also concurred in them, thus
constituting the majority of the committee.
Mr. ICELSEY. I hope we shall have the
testimony read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STO CJGliTON. Four of the members
of the committee have signed the following
resolution, and recommend its adoption:
Retained, That Roderick It. Butler, a Represent-
ative in Congress from the first congressional district
of Tennessee, be, and ho is hereby, expelled from his
seat as a member of this House.
Four members have also signed the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That this House declares its condemna-
tion of the action of Hon. Robekick It. Butler, a
Representative from the first district of Tonnessec,
in nominating Augustus C. Tyler, who was not an
actual resident of his district, as a cadet at the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, and in subsequently
receiving money from the father of said cadet for
political purposes in Tennessee, as an unauthorized
and dangerous practice.
Without going into any argument in this
case I desire to give way to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs to move an
amendment, and I shall then call for the pre-
vious qu.estion.
Mr. KELSEY. Let us have the testimony
in this case read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman sub-
mit his resolution ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I submit the follow-
ing resolution from the majority of the Com-
mittee ou Military Affairs:
Resolved, That this House declares itscondemnation
of Hon. Roderick R. Butler, a Rep-
lesentative from the first district of Tennessee, in
""J"1? AuS"8t.u? 0. Tyler, who was not an actual
in"®4: a cadet at the Military
Academy at West Point, and m subsequently receiv-
ing-money from the father of said, cadet for political
purposes in Tennessee, as an unauthorized and dan-
gerous practice.
Mr. LOGAN". I offer the following substi-
tute for that resolution:
Resolved, That Roderick R.Butler, a Represent-
ative in Congress from the first congressional district
of Tennessee, be, and he is hereby, expelled from his
seat as a member of this House.
I do not propose to make any remarks, but
with the permission of the gentleman from
Michigan, who represents the majority, I should
like to explain for a moment the position of
the two resolutions and how it comes four mem-
bers sign each resolution.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. When the vote was taken
in the committee as to what course should be
adopted the majority of the members voted
with the gentleman from Michigan ; and hence
his resolution is considered as the majority
report, although yesterday morning when it
came to be signed only four of the six mem-
bers were present, two being absent. I, as
chairman of the committee, with three others,
signed the resolution I have submitted. That
is how it comes that each report is signed by
only four members. I suggest that the evi-
dence be read at the Clerk's desk in aloud,
clear voice, and that then the previous ques-
tion be called. Such, I understand, was the
agreement in the committee, that the House
should be left to decide the question on the
evidence, without debate.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Such is myintention.
I now ask that the testimony be read, and I
shall then call for the previous question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Copy of nomination of Augustus O. Tyler.
Washington, D. 0., February 27,1869.
I nominate Augustus O. Tyler, of Taylorsville, in
the county of Johnson and State of Tennessee, as a
suitable person to iill the cadet vacancy in the first
congressioualdistrict of thatState. His age is seven-
teen years and one month.
Very respectfully. R. R. BUTLER.
The Secretary of War.
Please send all communications for him relative
to this appointment to my care, House of Repre-
sentatives. R. R. BUTLER.
"Washington, February 17,1870.
A. Schoepfe sworn and examined.
To the Chairman:
I am forty-nine years old ; my residence is "Wash-
ington ; lam principal examiner in the Patent Office.
I was connected with the procuringof acadetship to
West Point for the son of General Tyler; the gen-
eral was an intimate friend of mine, and wrote to
me to know if I could not do something in behalf of his
son toward getting him a cadetship; I tried for sev-
eral months without success; then I met General
ISste and asked him if he had any friends herein Con-
gress through whom the appointment could bo ob-
tained. lie looked about, and by and by told methat
Mr. Bdtler of Tennessee had an appointment which
could be obtained for some worthy young man, as
there was no applicant from his own district eligible
to it. I did not see Mr. Butler ; never saw him till
four or five months after the appointment was made.
Well, the young man wont to W est Point and was re-
jected just on a single, insignificant question; that
was mado the pretext for his rejection, that was all;
the real reason was that he had been for so short a
time a resident of Tennessee. General Tyler was
very much embarrassed and mortified, and again
asked me to interfere in his behalf. I procured the
assistance of other friends of General Tyler, and we
obtainedfromtho President, an order that the young
man be reexamined; he was reexamined, and this
time was admitted.
I do not myself know anything about the payment
of any money to Mr. Butler ; General Tyler had
told methat ho was willing to do anything in,nis
power or go to any expense to gethis son an appoint-
ment; there was money paid, however, to get the
appointment; General Tyler gave me the money, ana
I gave it to General Este; the amount X paid to Gen-
eral Este was SI,500; X took no money for my own
services; I did all I did out of anxiety to servo an
old friend; X understood the.money was to go to
Tennessee to be used for election purposes, to sup-
port some newspapers that were in a needy ana pre-
carious condition; I do not know why ho was to to
this, whether from love for the party or for.what
reason - I never spoke with him upon the subject,
butX understood this from General fiste. General
Tyler's understanding was that the money lie tui-
