1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2975
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the gentleman's time will be extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. HILL. It is a poor cause, Mr. Chairman,
that has to be bolstered up by misrepresenta-
tions, and as the gentleman has taken pains to
send these statements by scattering his speech
broadcast over the country, I call on him before
this House to retract what he has said in the
above extract just read, or else stand before
this House and the country as this letter, from
a company- and parties composed of some of
the most honorable and patriotic citizens of
the country, leaves him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I mnst object to this, as
the gentleman is now speaking far beyond his
time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
consent of the committee, no objection having
been made at the time.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, many of my con-
stituents are interested in this matter; this com-
pany gives support to a large body of miners,
. workingmen, and their families in my district.
In justice to the company, in justice to many
thousand workingmen in my own district and
in Lehigh valley, whose daily bread depends
upon the prosperity of these iron works, and
in justice to the character and honor of this
House, I ask that the gentleman hasten to re-
tract his assertions ana statements referred to,
as read in the extract from his speech, which,
according to the letter that has been read, can-
not be sustained.
I have here a letter from a gentleman living
at the Lehigh Craue Iron Works, of high char-
acter and position, who writes, under date of
19th instant:
" I know that to-day there are establishments in
the 'Lehijch croup' (as Mr.STgvgNSOX calls them)
that are making; iron at a loss. The prices realized
will not pay the cost of placing the iron in market."
It is becoming too common a practice for
gentlemen on the floor of this House to take
advantage of their position and deliberately
denounce and misrepresent individuals, cor-
porations, and parties engaged in business.
This deliberate and uncalled-for attack on the
Lehigh Crane Iron Works, and those con-
nected with them, so calculated to injure them
and their business, and all employed by them,
ought not to pass by without some notice, and
therefore I have taken this opportunity to bring
it to the notice and attention of the members
of this House.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. BURCHARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONGER. I object
The question was then taken on Mr. Buk-
c hard's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to insert $16 50
a ton. Mr. Chairman, I do not propose j ust
now to answer fully what the gentleman from
New Jersey has said. I will take another
occasion to lay before the House an exhibit
of the table from the authority which I quoted.
1 have to complain, however, of the gentleman
that in making an extract from my speech he
omits the part which gives the authority from
which I derived my statement I quoted the
book published at Pottsville by Baddow &
Bannan. It is good authority, I believe, in the
State of Pennsylvania. I brought here the
book published in Pottsville, and I got all my
figures from it. It gives the capacity of this
furnace in that year at 50,000 tons.
Mr. HILL. Allow me to say that the gen-
tleman should not quote books unless he knows
those books are correct.
Mr. STEVENSON. If a book published
at Pottsville does not tell the truth about iron
and coal I want to know where we can go for
information ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire if
that is the book I lent the gentleman the other
day?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; it is a book
on iron, coal, and oil, published at Pottsville,
Pennsylvania.
Mr. HILL. The capacity of those furnaces
may be 50,000 tons a year; but that year
they produced only 28,500 tons; and the gentle-
man should have known that before he made
the statement that they had realized over
$1,000,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, my
calculation was an estimate. I proceeded to
estimate the cost. I assumed it cost them
$30 a ton to make iron. That was an estimate.
I thought it liberal. They come here now and
say it cost them $43 61 per ton. Then I ask,
in the name of reason, what tariff will they
want to protect them? If it costs $43 61 per
ton to make pig iron, how much protection do
they need ?
Mr. HILL. All they ask is $9 a ton.
Mr. STEVENSON. They would lose money
at that if they are losing money now.
Mr. HILL. All they ask is to let it remain
as it is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know how it
came that these iron works had to pay $43 61
to make iron in 1865 when other mills made it
at little over one half that sum. They say they
lost money. I do not know how that may be.
But if they lost money in that year, and in the
year 1864, and in the year 1866, and if they are
losing money now, the best thing their friends
can do is to close up their shops for them. If
they did lose money in that year I do not know
by what means it happened; and probably
they lost it, if at all, by some outside specula-
tion, or by some inside ring.
Mr. HILL. They court inquiry in that let-
ter.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, they court in-
quiry; but they do not send my answer to
tneir letter. I have no ill-will toward any
gentlemen connected with this bnsiness, and I
have said on this floor that I am willing at any
time to vote for any reasonable protection; but
I must now qualify what I have said on that
snbject, for if there be a furnace so ill-managed
as to require a cost of $43 61 per ton to make
pig iron when others in the same neighborhood
can make iron for half that cost we cannot
give protection that will keep up such a busi-
ness.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to oppose the
amesdment I do so because it places the
duty too high. I think it should be lower.
Now, sir, there is nothing so important, I
think, to this country as to have iron in all its
forms made as cheap as possible. It is the
most important agent of modern civilization
and progress, and if we expect to compete
with the other nations of the world in enter-
prise, in manufacturing, and in every mode of
production, we must take such steps as will
give us cheap iron. The fostering and build-
ing up of no class or interest can possibly be
of as much importance to the country as this.
Mr. Chairman, I do not doubt that the man-
ufacturers of iron are as honest as the average
of mankind. They are engaged in a business in
which there is an immense amount of capital in-
vested, and I do not doubt that they are con-
trolled by the same feeling and purposes by
which other men similarly situated, by which
the average of mankind would be controlled ;
but I do not believe that they are frank and
candid in making the statement of their busi-
ness. We have now the same experience that
the Government had in 1845, when the Secre-
tary of the Treasury attempted to get at the
truth in regard to the profits of those engaged
in manufacturing. All over the country they
refused to answer, and when they did reply
they gave too often evasive and false answers,
as the evidence taken showed conclusively, to
tne Government, and the tariff was then
changed, to the great advantage of the coun-
try, regardless^ of their statements, and in
defiance of their protests.
I hold in my hand an exceedingly interesting
article, just published on the 21st of this month
in the Republican Banner of Nashville, Ten-
nessee, communicated by Colonel George T.
Lewis, of Clarksville, Tennessee, who was for
many years engaged in the manufacture of iron,
and a gentleman of the highest character, as
many gentlemen on this floor who know him
will be ready to testify. He is familiar with
the whole subject in all its details. He shows
in this article that pig iron can be produced in
Alabama, Tennessee, and Georgia at $16 95
per ton ; that it can be delivered at Louisville
at $22 per ton; that it can be delivered at
Cincinnati at $23 per ton ; and that it can be
made in those States and delivered at Pitts-
burg at $25 per ton. He gives also a detailed
statement showing that No. 1 charcoal iron
actually is produced in Cherokee county, Geor-
gia, at $19 63 per ton, and which sold for $45
per ton. He gives a detailed statement of
three weeks' operations, showing that the cost
the first week was $1,111, and the value of
the production in the market $2,328, giving a
profit for that week of $1,217, or over 100 per
cent. The second week the profits were larger,
being $1,334 20. The third week the profits
were nearly the same, $1,216 50. In each of
those week's operations the profit was over 100
percent.; and it is shown that without any duty
or protection their profits would be at least 50
per cent This is no mere estimate ; it is the
resultof actual business transactions in October
last—the results copied from the books of the
company. During these three weeks the furnace
made 164J tons of No. 1 pig iron, at a total
cost, laid down at the rolling-mill in Rome,
of $3,675 75, or an average cost per ton of
$22 37. Deducting from the total cost $449 75
paid for hauling and freight to Rome, or $2 74
per ton, and we have the cost per ton at the
furnace only $19 63 for this No. 1 pig iron,
which sells for $45 per ton. It is stated in
this communication by Colonel Lewis that if
the duty on pig iron were abolished the profits
at this furnace would still exceed 55 per cent,
on the production. And yet, under the pres-
sure of garbled, fictitious, or false statements
that are published from day to day from other
manufacturers, we are asked to tax ourselves
beyonu all precedent, and keep up at an unrea-
sonable price this important agent of civiliza-
tion. It these manufacturers at Allentown,
for whom the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Hill] speaks, cannot make pig iron for
less that $40 per ton they had better sell out as
soon as possible and go to some other part of
the country, instead of taxing and burdening
the entire people by making them pay for their
benefit an increased and unnecessarily exorbi-
tant price for this most indispensable article.
It is more important that we should reduce
the cost of iron than anything else that exists
in our country. It meets us at every turn in
life. It meets us everywhere—in our tools, in
our farming implements, in our machinery, in
our table cutlery, in our food, in our clothing.
I say that we should have the most conclusive
evidence that protection of this kind is neces-
sary before it should be given, even upon the
principle of protection, the effect is so injuri-
ous to every other interest in our country, and
even to our national prosperity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that all debate shall stop on this paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. I object until it is more
thoroughly understood.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
the order of the House, had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
