18T0-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*3
41st Cong..,.2d
Economy in Public Expenditures—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. op Reps.
as the organ of a committee of this House, I
made the speech.
That was the occasion for the speech, whether
it was a fitting occasion it is not for me to say.
I will submit it to the judgment of the House
and the judgment of those who take note, if
there be any, of anything that is transpiring
in this connection. And I ask the attention
of the House no further to the occasion; it
seemed so plain a path of duty to those I repre-
sent that it never occurred to m e or to them that
any man would intimate that I had seized an
improper occasion for submitting the remarks
which I did to this House.
But far more important than all this is the
other inquiry, without which all the rest might
probably have been brushed away by the pass-
ing wind—the question is whether what 1 said
upon that occasion is true. And I stand here,
after more than a week since it was delivered,
in the confident belief and conviction that be-
fore I sit down I shall have the judgment of
my fellow-members here that not only was it
a fitting occasion, but that what I uttered was
in all essentials and in all material particulars
the truth.
I do not propose to discuss anything in this
connection except what I did say in that speech.
I am not here to answer any case that any gen-
tleman may see fit to make up for me that he
may more easily assail it. I am not here to
travel one hair's breadth away from the issue
which is raised to-day, and that is whether
what I said is truth or not. And perhaps the
best way to make a beginning upon that point
is to see what I did say. I of course pass over
in this speech all the argument which was ad-
dressed to the House upon the subjectof League
Island, because I do not understand anybody
to have arraigned my motives or my veracity
or my fidelity to my party relations for what I
said with reference to a navy-yard at that place.
I come at once to what I said in relation to the
appropriations. And, sir, I ask the members
of the House who have done me the kindness
to send for the book of estimates to turn to page
208 while I read the first words I uttered with
reference to those estimates; and when any
gentleman finds any difference beween what I
read and what he finds in the book I hope he
will do me the favor to indicate it. I read from
that speech as follows:
"But i was going on to say that in addition to that
8800,000, the Secretary oi the Navy proposes besides
to expend on the Davy-yard at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, $577,856 against $50,000 expended last
year; at the navy-yard at Boston, $747,341 against
$100,000 last year; at the navy-yard at New York,
&833.511 against $100,000 last year; at the navy-yard
at Philadelphia, $111,985 against $25,000 last year;
at the navy-yard at Washington, S?551,775 against
650.000 last year; nt the navy-yard at Norfolk,
$258,312 against S30.000 last year: at the navy-yard
at Pensacola, $-02,473 against 830,000 last year; at the
navy-yard at Mare Island, $424,559 against $00,000
last year; at the naval station at Saekett's Harbor,
$3,200 against $1,000 last year: at tho naval station
at Mound City, $6,432 against 35,000 last year."
He proposes to expend upon navy-yards
besides this $800,000, a total of $3,607,894
against $451,000 last year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
state to the House just here in this connec-
tion 
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I just
wished to say that the gentleman is comparing
appropriations with expenditures. Does ho
not know 
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield. I desire to
pursue my remarks without interruption. The
report in the Globe proceeds :
II Mr. Scorir.LD. Boos the gentleman refer to the
estimates for last year, or to the appropriations?
"Mr. Dawes. I am speaking of tho appropria-
tions."
This disposes, then, of that branch of the
estimates. When I next alluded to the matter
in this speech it was in the following words:
"Then the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
excuse me. I may tie pardoned, «£ a friend of this
Secretary and of this Administration, in what I may
feel compelled to say in reference to cither his esti-
mates or the estimates of thewhole Administration,
when I say that the estimates of this Secretary in
reference to these expenditures do not inspire me
with entire confidence. I know he speaks of economy
and the saving of money; but, sir, the great point-
upon which I find that he has expended his ener-
gies is upon the promise he holds out to the House
that he will save $2,000,000 upon the article of coal
alone, the whole estimate for which for the last two
years was less than $150,000 a year I Sir, that is an
achievement of mathematics that finds its parallel
only in the attempt to save 65,000,000 by abolishing
the franking privilege, when all tho paper bought
by this Government ana thirty letters a day to every
member sent through the mails at regular postage
would pay less than $500,000. Ihopetoseethefrank-
ing privilege abolished, but on no such absurd pre-
tense as that it will save $5,000,000. I really think
that if the mathematicians who put these figures in
the heads of these two Secretaries could be Brought
to light and set to work the public debt would be
paid before tho expiration of this Administration I
[Laughter.] T hese are 'mint, and anise, and cummin,'
but tne 'weightier matter'is the contrastinthefoot-
ings of this Secretary—$28,441,701 37, estimated for
this year against $15,956,686 appropriated last year."
I ask the gentlemen who have in their hands
the book of estimates to turn to the recapitu-
lation upon page 243, at the bottom of the page.
They will find that the total of the estimates of
the Navy Departmentis $28,441,701 37 against
$15,956,000 appropriated last year, an excess
of estimates over appropriations of $12,485,-
095 37. Thisis the "weightier matter " which
I referred to in that paragraph. There were
two other matters or illustrations which I intro-
duced in this paragraph. They are outside
either the estimates or the appropriations, and
have nothing to do with them, and I might there-
fore with great propriety proceed without read-
ing what I said in regard to them.
But more time has been spent in endeavoring
to show that the opinion which I expressed in
reference to those two items was a mistake than
has been expended upon all the figures which
I have taken from the book of estimates; and
therefore so confident am I that in all essential
particulars even these also are true that I
thought before the debate on the passage of
the bill-to abolish the franking privilege, which
took place a few moments since, I would indulge
in a little investigation to see whether my opin-
ion as to the amount to be saved from that item
was correct or not. In the arraignment you
were told that the arithmetic of the Postmaster
General will not be defended—pray what else is
there to defend ?•—and that the prosecutor has
no data upon which he can form an opinion.
I would therefore suggest whether I do not stand
about as well right here as he does. If he has
neither data to give nor arithmetic to defend I
do not know whether I have any occasion to
say one word upon that point. But the debate
a few moments ago disclosed how much printed
matter would go through the mails at book post-
age if every pound of paper furnished at both
ends of this Capitol were distributed as books
at the legal rates, and it amounted, according
to my figures, to about three hundred thousand
dollars. Then, sir, I said I would allow to each
member of Congress thirty letters a day. There
are put into the speech for the prosecution that
was made yesterday, as I find it in the slips
before me--I do not know how it will finally
appear in the Globe—words with quotation
marks which are not to be found in my speech;
but that is a matter one gets used to, and I
make no comment upon it. [Laughter.]
I said—I have my speech before me—that I
would allow to each member thirty letters a day.
I am inclined to think that that is perhaps a
little below the average ; 1 think it might be
put a little higher. But we were told yester-
day that he who arraigned me did not under-
stand that this saving was all confined to letter-
franking by members, but also includes letters
to members, and I should so infer from the
words I used in my own statement; but he
further said that it also included that the
Postmaster General expected to save this
$5,000,000 by abolishing the franking privi-
lege for all the Departments. So I supposed.
I supposed that he expected to save $5,000,000
by making tho Government pay its own post-
age ; in other words, by taking money out of
one pocket and putting it into the other; by
appropriating money here to pay for the post-
age of the Departments and the executive
officers in the discharge of their duties.1 We
were told yesterday that that was the way it was
understood, and I supposed that was the way.
And, Mr. Chairman, I beg pardon if the ab-
surdity of a proposition for the Government
to make $5,000,000 by charging itself with its
own postage so pressed itself upon me in the
heat of debate that I was tempted, I confess a
little out of propriety, to indulge in the re-
marks I did about the mathematics of such a
proposition.
Then, sir, there is one other litt}e thing that
I may refer to in passing so as to cover the
whole ground, and that is the little promise on
the part of the Secretary of the Navy that ho
will save $2,000,000 annually in the article of
coal alone. I stated that the estimates for coal
alone for the last two years did not exceed
$150,000 a year. I have not seen anywhere,
nor heard from any source anything thatsatis-
fies me that that is not so. I understood yes-
terday that the amount set apart for each
steamer was five hundred tons. That was said
yesterday, and I take it to be so. I turn, then,
to the report of the Secretary of the Navy, and
I find that he says that there were forty-three
vessels only in commission at the time he came
into office. He does not say whether they were
steamers or not. I call them all steamers, and
multiply that number by five hundred, and I
produce twenty-one thousand and five hundred
tons of coal.
There may be some dispute about the phrase-
ology used. It would not be a matter of any
great consequence on a great question of pub-
lic expenditures, but when you answer an in-
dictment, you know, Mr. Chairman, you havo
got to be technical. It may be said that by
the term coal is meant not only what you pay
for the coal, but what it costs to transport it.
I find that coal did cost a little less than five
dollars a ton. It is put down in what my friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Hill] read asastatement
from the books of the Department at thirteen
dollarsaton, including transportation, storage,
&c. I call it thirteen dollars. Thirteen times
$21,500 make $279,500. That is not exactly my
statement, but it is so much less than $2,000,000
that I might rest there. But I take sixty steam-
ers and go through the same process and it pro-
duces $390,000. Now, I will take another pro-
cess. There was actually on hand a year ago
last July on account of fuel $139,345 47; and
last July there was on hand on that account
$7,673 26, so that there was expended on that
account $132,272 21.
Last year an appropriation of $800,000 was
made for fuel and equipment. I will read soon
what equipment means, so that you can judge
how much of that amount was for fuel. But
if you should take the whole $800,000 and add
it to the $132,272 21 that was expended on the
coal account for the year ending June 30, 1869,
it would be less than a million dollars in all;
and how could you save $2,000,000 from that
amount ? Here is the item from the book of
estimates:
"Coal for steamers' use, including expenses of
transportation, storage, labor, &e.; hemp and other
materials for the manufacture of rope, wire-rope,
hides, cordage, canvas, leather, iron, cables, anchors,
furniture, galleys, hose, &c.; and for the payment of
labor in equipping vessels, and manufacture of arti-
cles in the navy-yards pertaining to this buroau,
$800,000."
Every one can judge for himself how much
of that will be expended for coal!
Now, all of that with the $132,000 would
make less than $1,000,000. If it all went lor
