2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
nished mo was to be used in obtaining the appoint-
raentforhis son. I do not know that he knewbefore-
hand exactly in what way it was to be used; but he
said to mo in general terms he was willing to do any-
thing he possibly oould to get his son appointed; I
wrote to him it<k>uld not be done unless he furnished
this money; I once wrote to him that$l 100 would be
sufficient; but I found out afterward it would cost
$1,500, and I wrote and told him so; I paid the money
to General Esto because hehadsecuredtho appoint-
mentof General Tyler's son to a cadetship. I under-
stood beforehand that if the appointment oould be
procured the means would be forthcoming,
Notb.—'Witness afterward appeared and stated
that he desired to correct his testimony; that the
amount he received and paid to General Este was
$2,300 instead of $1,500.
Washington, February 21,1870.
Daniel Tyler sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Stato your age, residence, and occupa-
tion.
Answer. I am seventy-one years old. Since the
commencement of the war I have had no residence;
I have been in Florida, South Carolina, and other
States. I am boarding from hotel to hotel, spending
my summers at the North and my winters at the
South. I pay taxes in Connecticut, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, and New York. I have had a resi-
dence in Connecticut until the war commenccd.
After the war was over I bought a place in New Jer-
sey and lived there until about two years ago; since
tlion 1 have been a traveler.
Question. What is your occupation ?
Answer. I was an engineer for many years. I grad-
uated at West Point in 1819. I was for quite a num-
ber of years in the Army—until 1835.
Question. Aro you connected now with the Army ?
Ansioer. I am not; I was connected with the Army
from the beginning of the war until near the close
of it.
Question. Were you born in the United .States?
Answer. Yes; 1 was born in Connecticut. The
last vote that I gavo wns m Now Jersey. That was
at the last election of Mr. Lincoln.
Question. It is in evidence here that your son was
appointed to West Point by Mr. Butler, of Tennes-
see, and it is farther in evidence that you paid an
amount of money I'or that appointment; I wish you
to state if thnt is true, and if so, how much money
you did pay and to whom you paid it.
Ansioer. Tho amount paid, I think, was in the
neighborhood of two thousand dollars. I should
rather tbink it was under that. It was in a drait
on Now York. The money was given to General
Schoepfo, a friend of mino here, and that was tho
last I ever saw of it.
Question. What is your son's name ?
A nsioer. Augustus C. Tyler.
Question. Was he appointed?
Ansiwr. Yes; and ho is at West Point now.
Question. Are you acquainted with Mr. Butler?
t did not know him; I would not know
him now if 1 wcro to see him.
Question* Slate how you camoto paythis money to
General Schoepfe.
Ans-war. Tho circumstances wet (5 fhese : I had the
promise of a cadet appointment at largo for my son
irom tho last President ol the United States, lcamc
on hero expecting to receive that appointment, but
at last, it was denied. There were some pledges thnt
had been forgotten and that were made bcloro the
promiho to me, and probably to poisons that had
more claims than 1 had. At all events I did not
succeed in getting the warrant. My son had been
expecting to go to West Point. General Schoepfe,
on old friend of mine, who had aorved with mo in
the Army, and who had been trying to got tho ap-
pointment for my son through tho President and
Mr. Cooper, his Private Secrot^ry—-for wo both know
the President personally—said to mo," I do not think
you need despair; I think you can get tho appoint-
ment here." I asked how, and ho mentioned the
means.
Question. What were they?
Answer. By paying money. lie said that those
appointments were offered here tor money, nnd that
he thought he could got one. On consulting with
some of my fiiends whom I thought were capable of
judging, they said that the thing was not uncom-
mon, and I concluded to suffer General Schoepfe to
get the appointment in that way.
Question. What friends did you consult with ?
Answer. I talked with a number of my Army
friends.
Question. Tell us their names.
Ansioer. General Upton, I think, was one. We
talked it over.
Quest-ion. Bid you talk with anybody in tho War
Department?
Answer. Yes; I talked with the Secretary of War,
General Schofield.
Question. What did he advise you to do ?
Answer. He did not advise me.
Question. What did he say?
Answer. Ho acknowledged that there were a good
many irregularities going on in tho way of making
these appointments.
Question. Did you tell him whattheproposition was?
Answer. No, sir; I only supposed a case.
Question. What case did you suppose?
Ansxcer. I supposed the case ot a young man not
living in the district. I did not suppose the caso of
giving any money for an appointment.
• Question. Bid you talk with anybody else there ?
Answer. I do not think I did at tho War Depart-
ment.
By Mr. Asper:
Question. 3?rom what source did you get the in-
formation that these appointments were generally
sold?
Answer. I was told so four years ago by the pro-
fessor of a collegiate institute in New York. He
told me that he hjid bought a warrant five years be-
fore. It is a thing that has been known by every
officer connected with the Army for years.
Question. That appointments could be purchased?
Ansioer. Thatthey could bogotoutof thedistricts.
By tho Chairman:
Question, What did you mean by saying that this
thing was known to officers of the Army f
Ansioer. I mean that the military people connccted
with the Government havo known that this thing
has been going on.
Question. Didyou know of anysuch case yourself?
Answer. Not within my own knowledge; merely
from rumor.
By Mr. Hoge:
Question. Bid that professor in New York state to
you the name of the district from which he had
bought an appointment?
Answer. He did not. It was a mere observation
of his, made in connection with putting my boy into
his school.
By the Chairman:
Question. Bo you know what district your boy
was nominated from?
Answer. A district in Middle Tennessee. I think
it was the second or the fourth congressional dis-
trict. The boy went out to Tennessee to obtain a
residence there; and if it had been necessary I should
have gone there myself six months before.
By Mr. Asper:
Question. Did you talk with any person about tho
War Department, other than tho Secretary of War,
in reference to the matter ?
Answer. I do not think I did.
Question. Did you talk with General Schocpfe
about tho business?
Answer* Oh. yes; I talked with him about it.
Question. Did you convorse with him in regard to
what was necessary to be done?
A nswer. Yes.
Question. And you gave him tho full authority to
negotiato for you ?
Answer. Yc\
By Mr. Wttciier:
Question. When you speak of officers of the Army
being aware of the fact, do you mean any particular
officers?
Answer. No; I moan that it was a general under-
standing in tho Army that these appointments aro
given in that way.
By Mr. Asper:
Question. Were they not given as a matter of favor
toward Army officers themselves, to got tho sons of
favorite officers in the Academy?
Ansioer. I do not know how that may bo. 1 sup-
pose that some personal consideration operated in
particular cases; but I do not think that the officers
of tho Army or the professors at West Point aro
very much in favor of it. My son was rejected at the
examination for grammar. They asked him, when
he went there, what district ho c.uno from, from
whero ho was appointed, and where he was born.
Ilo told all the facts—that he was born ia Connecti-
cut, and was appointed from Tennessee, and that he
had been in the district only three days. He stated
that to the board of academic stall. After tho boy
had been rejected the President ordered a reexam-
ination of him, and ho then passed.
By tho Chairman:
Question. General Grant had no knowledge of the
transaction when ho ordered the reexamination ?
Answer. He knew that my son was appointed from
that district in Tennessee.
Question. But he had no knowledge of the manner
of his appointment?
Answer. Oh, no; I presumo not.
By Mr. Packard:
Question. In alluding to this mode of appointing
did you mean appointments for money or irregular-
iric in appointing boys from other districts ?
Answer. I mean irregularities in appointing boys
from other districts.
By the Chairman •
Question. Bo as definite as possible aboutthe amount
that you paid. The amount as stated here by Gen-
eral fclehoopfe and by yourself difiers.
It was in the neighborhood of two thou-
sand dollars; but whether above or below that
amount I cannot tell. It did not vary far from two
thousand dollars.
Question. State whether it was paid before or after
the appointment was made.
Ansioer. it was not paid until after tho appoint-
ment was in General tfchoepfe's hand. lie had the
draft, I think, the day before, but substantially it
was not intended to be paid until the appointment
was made. There was some talk about service in the
political campaign, and all that kind of thing,which
I had nothing to do with.
Charleston, March 1870.
I regret I hud not seen Mr. Butler's testimony
before I left Washington, as I think he is mistaken
in connecting General Schofield, as he does, with nay
son's appointment at West Point.
I never supposed General Schofield to have soli-
cited the nomination, nor did I over know or believe
he ever expressed to Mr. Butler, or any one else
any desire or anxiety to havo tho nomination maae,
although Mr. Butler's testimony, as published, looks
as if this was the fact, as he understands it. Bo far
as I know my son's name was never mentioned to
General Schofield; and when I stated the case as I
did General Schofield evidently understood what I
wanted to know, but not for whose benefit I wanted
the information, and he had no information from mo
by which he could properly connect ray son's namo
with a cadet's appointment. Tho whole case is as
follows, namely:
After the appointment of my son was signed and
in tho hands of my friend, General Schoepfe, and
before any payment was made, I called at General
Schofield's house and apologized for calling there
by stating that it was a personal matter, and I then
went on and supposed a case similar to that of my
son, but giving no name, and the general, evidently
understanding the matter, replied, "Oh, you want
to know if you can colonize a cadet?" and I an-
swered, "Yes, general; that is cxaetly what I want
to know." General Schofield then went on to say
that after the commencement of the rebellion tho
vacancies at West Point from the rebel States had
been filled from the loyal States, and that, continu-
ing this practice since the termination of the rebel-
lion, appointments had been made for the recon-
structed States contrary to the letter of the law, and
that these irregularities had been acquiesced in, and
that under these circumstances the appointment
itself made on tho nomination of a member of Con-
gress, who was presumed to know tho law, was prima
facie evidence of its correctness, and he did not seo
how tho academic staff, or the inspector of the Acad-
emy, could go behind it and question its validity.
This was the substance of my conversation with
General Schofield, and no reference to purchase or
any extra inducement was referred to in order to
secure tho nomination. If General Schofield ex-
pressed to Mr. Butler, or any one else, a desire that
my son should be nominated for Mr. Butler's dis-
trict, which I very much doubt, I can only attribute
it to his desire to gratify an old fellow-graduate,
who left the Military Academy before General Scho-
field was born.
I communicate the above in justicc to General
Schofield, and have at the request of Mr. Butler
communicated very nearly the same to him, and I
desire this testimony may be used in ordci that jus-
tice may be awarded to all parties interested in the
transaction.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
DAN. TYLT1R.
Major General Logan, Chairman Military Committee,
House of Jiepresentatives, Washington.
Personally appeared before me Daniel Tyler, who
makes oath that tho within statement is just and
true, according to his just belief.
K J. DAWSON, iT. F. C. C.
George P. Este sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question, State your occupation, ago, and place of
residence.
Answer. I am a lawyer, age forty years, residence
Ohio.
Question. If you know of any negotiation or ar-
rangement made by which any cadetships at Webt
Point or Annapolis were sold, bartered, bargained
for, oranythingof the sort,state it to thecommittce.
Answer. Well, I do know of a case where an ap-
pointmentwas made, so far as I understood themut-
ter, for a pecuniary consideration. It was a caso
where an appointment was made outside of the
locality of the appointee. A Into officer of the Array
had written to Washington, very earnestly and anx-
iously, in reference to getting his son appointed; but
tho appointment lor his congressional district had
been made. As the father was an old Army officer,
it was thought no more than rightthatthe boy should
be got in if he could. I think one trouble was that
the boy was two or three months too old. The ques-
tion was raised, and I was asked for my legal opinion
as to whether the boy could be appointed from a
district in which ho did not reside or had not form-
erly resided. I gave my opinion that it could hog
be legally done. The old general expressed a very
strong desire that his boy should have the appoint-
ment, no matter at what expense. I think it was
finally arranged in this way: there were one or two
papers in Tennessee that were not on very good
footing financially; and as there was no candidate
from that congressional district this boy was ap-
pointed, and the father advanced somo money to
help along those papers.
Question. Who was the applicant?
Ansioer. General Tyler, of New Jersey.
Question. Who was the Congressman that secured
his appointment?
Answer. Mr. Butler, of Tennessee.
Question. Were the negotiations made through
you?
Answer. Well, not altogether. Iwas informed that
Butler had a vacancy that could be had, and so
wrote to the gentleman representing Mr. Tyler.
Question. Who was that gentleman ?
Answer. General Schoepf'c; I think he is one of
the examiners in the Patent Office.
Question. Do you know whether any money wa^
actually paid by Mr. Tyler?
Answer. I have every reason to believe there was.
Question. What reasons have you for believing so ?
Answer. I think some money passed through my
hands.
Question. Ilowinueh?
Answer. I think itwas abouionothousand dollars.
Question. To whom did you pay it?
Ansioer. I paid it to Mr. Butler himself. I will
not be certain as to the exact amount, but it was not
