2976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
monument association op pbor1a.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 208)
directing the Secretary of War to deliver cer-
tain condemned cannon to the Ladies' Monu-
ment Association of Peoria, Illinois; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that the joint
resolution be read, and I am sure no one will
object to its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of War to deliver to the Ladies' Mon-
ument Association of Peoria, Illinois, free of
cost, four pieces of condemned cannon, to be
placed upon the soldiers' lot in Springdale
cemetery in the said city of Peoria.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are the cannon not all
gone? We have given away a great number.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will answer that I
have information from the War Department
that there is a great abundance of them.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly refcd the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
evening sessions, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to adjourn
I desire to state, in order that gentlemen may
not say they bad not sufficient warning, that 1
mean to ask a night session to-morrow and the
next day and the next day, and I shall ask for
a calling of the roll immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal to-morrow.
appointments on committees.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Randall a member of the joint
Committee on Retrenchment, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the retirement of Mr. Reading;
and Mr. Clark, of Texas, a member of the
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service of the Government, in place of
Mr. Hotchkiss, who declined further service
on that committee.
louisiana election contest.
Mr. BURDETT, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a written report in tbe
case of Newsham vs. Ryan, from the fourth
district of Louisiana, Concluding with the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That Michael Ryan is not entitled to a
seat as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from tbe fourth district of Louisiana.
Resolved, That J. P. Newsham is entitled to a seat
as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
the fourth district of Louisiana.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Don-
ley for eight dayB from to-day.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial of Matthew Simpson, George
G. Meade, Daniel M. Fox, George Tt. Stuart,
Jay Cooke, and others, in behalf of the Na-
tional Home at Gettysburg; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
orson r. will arb.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be required to examine the case of Orson R. Willftrd,
and report whether he should be allowed a pension,
and that they request the papers in the case to be
furnished by the Commissioner of Pensions.
gold panic report.
Mr. GARFIELD-, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, under the law:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand extra copies of tho report and
testimony in regard to the gold panic of September
last.
rivkr and harbor improvements.
Mr. CALKIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform this House how much money has been
expended by the Government for the improvement
of Boston and New York harbora, Delaware break-
water, and the mouth of Mississippi river, respect-
ively.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Abner
M. Ward, guardian of William F. Ward, minor
of Nehemiah Ward, late private unassigned
company, seventeenth Maine volunteers.
By Mr. AYER: The petition of George
Henry Selden and others, citizens of West-
moreland and Northumberland counties, Vir-
ginia, to authorize the appointment of a land
commission to procure lands' for homesteads
for freed men.
Also, the petition of Emma F. Haslum and
others, citizens of Virginia, for the same-pur-
■pose.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Gilman
Fellows, for increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Tobine, for an
increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Lovina Brown, for an
increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Aliza Plaisted, for an
increase of pension.
By Mr. BRADFORD t The petition of L.
W. Barry and ?S0 others, citizens of George-
town, Colorado, in relation to tbe town site of
said city.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Charles Colburn, for services in the
United States Navy.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: Tbe ramon-
strance of G. W. Ryland, J. C. Holloway, and
others, citizens of Lancaster, Wisconsin,against
the passage of the funding bill.'
By Mr. DOX: A petition of sundry citizens
of Jackson and De Kalb counties, Alabama,
Eraying that tbe road from ScotUborough to
lebanon, in said State, be declared apost road.
By Mr. FISHER: The petition of Hon.
Bart Van Horn aad 15 others, for an increase
of pension at present paid to the widow of the
late Major Joseph Rushmore, of Lockport,
New York.
By Mr. HAMILL: A remonstrance of citi-
zens of the State of Maryland against the
further continuance of the income tax.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The petition of Henry
F. Parmlee, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing Congress to grant a pension to the soldiers
of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of RoseviMe, Illi-
nois, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of M. B. Osborn and 70
others, citizens of Rock Island, Illinois, pray-
ing Congress to reduce taxation and to abolish
the duty upon tea and coffee.
Also, a petition of 100 citizens of Adams
county, Illinois, praying Congress to modify the
internal revenue laws.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: A remonstrance pf
the citizens of Biughamton, New York, against
increasing the burdens upon national banks.
By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE: A petition of citi-
zens of Auburn, Iowa, asking for the abolition
of the daties on tea and coffee.
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of Hill fay-
son and 190 others, citizens of Maine, asking
repeal of income tax.
By Mr. McKENZlE: The petition of R. A.
Jackson, of Madison Court-House, asking to
be refunded the amount of $231 25 for stamps
destroyed by United States troops, and for
which he paid the Post Office Department.
Also, a petition of certain citizens of Fair-
fax county, Virginia, asking for indemnity for
losses incurred during the war of rebellion.
By Mr. PALMER: A memorial of tbe Cigar-
Makers' National Union for a modification of
the revenue laws.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of John Eldridge and others, of Groton, Con-
necticut, for compensation for property taken
by the United States.
Also, a petition of firearms manufacturers
for increase of tariff on shot guns.
Also, a petition for the abolition of duties
on tea and coffee.
By Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Horsham and Upper Dublin townships, Mont-
gomery county, Pennsylvania, praying that a
mail route be established from Edge Hill station,
on the North Pennsylvania railroad, to Pros-
pectville, in Horsham township, which is neces-
sary and expedient.
.By Mr. STONE: A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Washington city, praying a removal of
the city jail from its present site.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The remonstrance of
H. C. Lewis and others, citizens of Coldwater,
Michigan, against the provisions ofsection seven
of the funding bill, so called, as being unjust
and calculated to interfere with the currency.
By Mr. UPSON: The remonstrance of
George Worthington & Co., and 94- other busi-
ness firms and companies of Cleveland, Ohio,
against the passage of the funding bill.
By Mr. VAN HORN : The petition of John
W. Polk, of Missouri, for removal of political
disabilities.
Also, a petition of liquor dealers, of Kansas
City, Missouri, for a change in the mode of
collecting tax on spirits.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of J. Mor-
rison and others, of Rutland, Vermont, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, tbe petition of Jacob Edgerton and
others, of Rutland, Vermont, for the same.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio; The petition of
John Alisson and others, of Patriot, Ohio,
praying for pecuniary relief in the evening of
life for services rendered in the war of 1812.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 26, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, J. P. Newman,
D. D.'
The Secretary proceeded to read th« Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with. It
is very long.
Mr. DAVIS. I object. I love to see busi-
ness done in decorum and order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Journal is very long
to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky objects. The Secretary will resume
the reading.
The Secretary resumed and concluded tbe
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
of Alexander Kennedy, of Tennessee, praying
compensation for cotton taken and used by
United States troops under the command of
General A. E. Burnside, in November, 1863;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
. Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of the
Maysville and Lexington Railroad Company of
the State of Kentucky, praying an appropri-
ation of $1,140 12 as compensation for cer-
tain material famished to the United States by
