3920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
receive into its bosom other associates? That
is the natural corrective; not to create an
antagonist association, composed of gentlemen
excellent in character, but not such as should
be selected for so great an association. I sub-
mit to iny friend whether he will not unite with
me in passing the bill moved by my colleague,
in order to enlarge the charter of the first acad-
emy, so that it may be open to receive still
larger numbers of men devoted to science.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
that I would gladly unite with him in his pur-
pose, provided the names proposed in that bill
or amendment were of a suitable character. I
ran nay eye over that list, and I found it is even
more objectionable than the names on this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I will not say another word.
I move that this bill lie on the table.
Mr. THURMAN and Mr. HOWELL ad-
dressed the Chair.
Mr. HOWELL. I beg the Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw his motion. Being
a member of the committee, and having heard
considerable about this subject, I should like
to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor.-
MXL, of Vermont, in the chair.) Docs the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. SUMNER. At the request of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, though there are other bills
which ought to be considered to-day, I with-
draw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraws his motion
the Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor,
as lio first addressed the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. I will occupy but very
little time. There is an old story, no doubt
familiar to almostevery Senator, of two philoso-
phers who agreed to have a sitting, and coolly
prepare their different ideas upon some of the
deepest and profoundesjt questions of philoso-
phy, in order to find out which of the two was
in error; and it ended, as we all know, in a
very disgraceful fight, in which one kicked the
other down stahu I hope that the learned
philosophers of the Seriate will not let their
angry passions on this occasion bring them to
blows. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, if this were a proposition to
establish by the Government such an institu-
tion as the Royal Society of Great Britain, or
the French Academy, then I should say that
too much care could not bo bestowed upon it.
Then the reputation and character of the Gov-
ernment would be involved in the proposition.
But if this is simply to grant one of those char-
ters of incorporation which we grant in such
profusion, which in most States can be obtained
under general laws without any legislative ac-
tion upon the subject, the Government being
in no sense responsible for the character of the
institution or for its conduct, then I do not see
why the bill should not quietly go through like
any other. If we have no general act of incor-
poration in this District, none which allows
individuals to incorporate by their voluntary act
without special legislation, if we are to go on,
as we have heretofore done, granting special
charters indiscriminately, I know of no reason
why this should meet with any more disfavor
than any other application.
Now, sir, there are two things to be consid-
ered. The first is, whether or not you will
require of every association of this kind to
show to you that it is or will be one that will
reflect credit upon the country. If you do that
then you should require of an institution which
asks to be a great national academy of arts
and sciences that it have some foundation,
some endowment that will enable it to subsist,
so that it will not be a mere ephemeral crea-
tion that will last for a year or two, will have
its brief day of existence, and then sink down
into utter oblivion and nonentity.
Therefore, if you determine to eharternothing
that will not be permanent, and will not be a
•credit to the country, we must go into a critical
examination and investigation ; bat if you are
willing to leave it to the individuals to depend
upon their own character, their own responsi-
bility, their own respectability, they alone
being responsible, and the character of the
nation being in no wise involved, then all we
have to do is to look to the names of the cor-
porators* and see whether they are gentlemen
to whom we could safely trust such an enter-
prise as this one. If we are not to go into the
question of endowment or funds and the like,
and are simply to confine ourselves to the
names, I do not see what better names we
could choose, what better individuals we could
select.
I agree that there is something laughable to
me in seeing the nam es of some old lawyers
stuck in here as corporators in an association
that is to be an academy of arts and sciences.
"What arts those old lawyers have except the
arts of the profession, what science they have
except the science of the law, if I were to
judge by our experience generally, 1 should
say would not be a very difficult question to
answer. I doubt not there may be some of
them who do not know the difference be-
tween a parallel of latitude and a meridian of
longitude. I think that is most likley, and yet
they are most excellent good lawyers. That
may very well be, for aught I know; but they
may be very good men to give advice and very
good men in the administration of the affairs
of the corporation, if they take any interest in
it at all.
But what I wish to say is this : if I thought
this was embarking the character of the na-
tion ; if I thought it was anything more than
a mere grant of incorporation to anybody who
would ask it., wfyo is respectable for any proper
purpose he shall see fit to engage in that is
lawful, I would not vote for it; but as I look
upon it as the commonest thing in the world,
for a society that very probably will live ayear
or two and then go out of existence, and that
I am not in any degree responsible for it, I can
willingly enough vote for the bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I believe the Senator from
Ohio has said pretty much what I intended to
say when I rose before, and therefore I shall
occupy but a few moments now.
In the first place, this association of gentle-
men simply ask us for a rather general act of
incorporation ; they ask no special franchises
or privileges, no exclusive rights whatever.
All they ask is simply an act of incorporation
that they may be enabled to do their business
satisfactorily hero in the District of Columbia
and throughout the States of the Union. There
is no reason in the world why this act should
not be passed that would not apply to every
other act of this character. The great objec-
tion which has been urged here over and over
again is that it lias such a big name. Why,
sir, the very gentlemen who make the objec-
tion have already incorporated, and there is
now existing, a "National Academy of Sci-
enccs." We have added " literature and art,"
that is all, and the bigness of the name seems
to me to be in the " national academy," and
not in the addition of " arc and literature." A
" National Academy of Sciences" seems to me
to be quite as inflated, if that is the idea, as
the other, adding "literature and art."
But this bill is antagonized by Boston and
New England—the "Hub," and its surround-
ings—and the idea of that is conveyed in the
very fact that here is a bill introduced after-
ward by the Senator from Massachusetts, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Wilson,] for an amend-
ment to the charter of the National Academy
of Sciences; and another "to incorporate the
National Academy of Letters and Arts " intro-
duced by the same Senator from Massachusetts,
introduced after this, and in direct antagonism
to this bill that was reported by the Committee
on the District of Columbia. The only differ-
ence between the two is that the names reported
in the original bill by the committee do not
include William C. Bryant and George Ticknor
and several others who are put upon the other
bill. The bills are precisely the same, only that
the Senator from Massachusetts has chosen his
men, and he thinks they are better men than
are found in the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia. This is not
a close corporation that we are incoiporating
here by this bill. I suppose that the gentle-
men included in the other bill can become
members of this association, and so all can be
harmonized; but the trouble is that it is an
antagonism that proceeds from that quarter to
exclude and preyent the organization of this
association which is in working condition.
Mr. SUMNER. I have antagonism, I beg
my friend from Iowa to understand, to no
society and to no gentleman whatever. I sym-
pathize with all who cultivate literature, or
art, or science; but I do not think it for the
advantage of our country that the bill now be-
fore the Senate should be adopted; and as the
best way of getting at the sense of the Senate
I move that it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF THIS POOR.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. We are not through the
District of Columbia business.
Mr. STEWART. I was going to appeal to
the chairman to give way for a few minutes, to
allow us to finish a little bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me; there are two bills which I was to have
brought forward at one o'clock by understand-
ing with the chairman. I move that the Senate
now proceed, according to the order of the
Senate, which is to consider bills from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
consider Senate resolution No. 149.
Mr. CONKLING. What is that?
Mr. SUMNER. A joint resolution for the
temporary relief of the poor of the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 149)
for the temporary relief of the poor of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It proposes to appropriate
$10,000 for the temporary relief of the suffer-
ing poor of the District of Columbia, to be
expended by Josephine S. Griffing, general
agent of the Freed'men's Relief Association,
Washington, and Rachel M. W. Townsend,
minister of Friends' Society, Philadelphia;
who are to report the detailed use of the money
to the Secretary of the Interior on the 1st of
July next.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the joint resolution by
adding as a new section:
Sec. li. And be it further resolved, That the sum of
$1,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
ol any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the use of tho industrial school in the
city oi Georgetown, and to be expended under the
direction of the manascrs of such school.
Mr. CONKLING. That is an addition,
making $11,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir, $11,000. I will
say just one word. Some time ago Congress
appropriated $30,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War. That
fund is nearly exhausted. In one fortnight
from now not a dollar of it will remain. Mean-
while I am told that there is much suffering,
that there is a large number of old dependents,
once slaves, who have flocked into this Dis-
trict, and who have small means of support,
except from charity. There are good people
who are desirous of serving them, and the two
names in this joint resolution are persons well
known to the committee, and doubtless to most
of the Senate, who have given much time to
this charity. I will read a note that I have:
''Small as thesum is, the corn meal it will provide
will save the lives of hundreds of old people who
must die without it. I am not mistaken; I speak of
