1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4865
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed. ■
ICAW INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before tlie House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, asking for an appropriation of $50,000
for the removal of the Kavv Indians from Kan-
sas to the Indian territory ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
receipts op telegraph companies.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the House
of May 28, 1S70, inquiring whether any of the
telegraphic companies having offices in the city
of New York have refused or neglected to
report to the proper officers the amount of their
gross receipts, as provided by law ; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
british vessels volante and science.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations
Senate bill No. 85.
N"o objection being made, the bill (S. No.
85) to carry into effect two several decrees of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Louisiana in the cases of the British
vessels Volante and Science was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
british vessel dashing wave.
Mr. DAWES. I also make the same re-
quest in regard to Senate bill No. 87.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No.
87) to carry into effect the decree of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district
of Louisiana in the case of the British bark
Dashing Wave and her cargo was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
miami indians.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 2347) to abolish the
tribal relations of the Miami tribe of Indians,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
iibnry a. badiiam.
Mr. DAWES. I have been requested to ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction Senate bill No. 96, to relieve
Henry A. Badham from political disabilities.
Mr. IvIcGItEW. I object; and call for the
regular order.
Subsequently Mr. McGiiew withdrew the
objection, when
Mr. ARNELL renewed it.
message ej103i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam.
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 489) to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a joint
resolution (II. II. No. 216) relative to the Cham-
paign County (Ohio) Monumental Association.
withdrawal 03? papers.
Mr. HAWLEY obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the j
case of Mrs. Isabella Fogg. j
miscellaneous appropriation bill. 1
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to go into j
Committee of the Whole on the miscellaneous !
appropriation bill, I ask unanimous consent to j
be allowed to offer, at the proper time, sundry I
amendments to that bill. One of them is to j
provide that the United States Government |
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—Ko. 305.
shall not pay royalty for the use of patents ;
another is to provide for selling certain reve-
nue-cutters according to an arrangement satis-
factory to all parties interested ; and there are
one or two more of the same character.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to know
what the amendments are.
Mr. DAWES. I have stated two of them.
Another is to appoint an agent to report on the
trade between the United States and the Brit-
ish North American dependencies. All I ask
is that these amendments may be considered
in order when offered in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall have to object-
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cail for a division of
the question on the various amendments.
There are some of them to which I have no
objection.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can have a
division on every one of them when offered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment which
the gentleman has indicated, to appoint an
officer to investigate and report upon trade
with the British dependencies, does not belong,
it strikes me, to an appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; I will not ask a
suspension of the rules on that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves to suspend the
rules to allow him to offer as amendments to
the miscellaneous appropriation bill the propo-
sitions he has indicated.
Mr. DAWES. There is one other. It is to
provide that the Pacific railroad shall be re-
quired, like other roads, to pay for the surveys
of their lands.
Mr. O'NEILL. As I understand, only the
amendments indicated by the gentleman are
included in his motion.
Mr. DAWES. That is all.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the one I have
named.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sus-
pending the rules, so as to empower the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes j to
offer in Committee of the Whole the amend-
ments he has indicated.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, two thirds voting therefor.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask u nanimous consent
that I may be allowed to offer as an amend-
ment to the miscellaneous appropriation bill
the following new section :
Sec.—. And be it farther enacted, That tlio mavor
of the city of Washington, tho Secretary of the In-
terior, the Commissioner of Public I>ui!dings and
Grouudb, the aiehitect of tile Capitol extension, and
their successors in office, together with two men to
be appointed by the mayor of the city of Washington,
by and with the advice and consent ot the boaid ot
aldermen of said city, are hereby appointed a. com-
mission who shall cause the Washington city canal,
either in whole or in part, to be dredged, or, if
deemed best, dredged and narrowed; and for the
purpose of making this improvement the corporate
authorities of the city of Washington are hereby
authorized and directed to levy and collect a tax of
£300,(W0 upon all taxable property in said city, for
doira\ing prrt of the expenses thereof; and tho sum
of $50,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for the
purposo of defraying in part the expenses of the
same.
Mr. WELLS. I object.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of authorizing me to offer in
Committee of the Whole the amendment which
has been read.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 50, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Wells were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 82, noes liG.
Mr. SCOEIELD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order, the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Bdffiktojt in the chfir,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. It. No. 2165) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1871, and
for other purposes.
The Clerk i-ead as follows:
For light-house repairs:
In the thirteenth district. For light-house and
buoy-tender tor the thirteenth district, $90,000.
Mr. DIXON. I move t.o insert the follow-
ing:
^ For continuing tho system of protecting human
life from shipwreck, as heretofore established, by life-
boats and other meansonthe coast of Massachusetts,
to be expended by the Humane Society of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, under the direction
and control of the Secretary of the Treasury, $15,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I make thepoinfcof order that
that amendment is not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DIXON. Why is it not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Because it is not pro-
vided for by existing law.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public works in and around Washington:
For repairs of the Long bridge, $10,000: Provided,
That no part of said sum shall be expended until
the toll-gate thereon is removed beyond the Arling-
ton road.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the appro-
priation for the Long bridge, in consequence of
the provisions of the bill xecently passed.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For removing snow aaid ice from pavements and
public walks, £2,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out (($>2,000''
and insert " $500."
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk lead as follows:
Washington aqueduct:
For purchase of five and forty-four hundredths
acres of land at Great Falls, $1,320.
For purchase of land at bridge No. 6, $2,640.
For continuing the construction of the distributing
reservoir of the aqueduct, including fencing of the
same, $100,000.
For completing unfinished work on the aqueduct
and for superintendence and repairs, $40,000.
Mr. COOK. I move to strike that all out
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
For the completion of the Washington aqueduct:
For rent and purchase of fiveandforty-four
hundredths acrcs of land  §1,320
For rent and purchase of roadway from
Great Falls to conduit road, two and
three tenths miles, eighteen and four
tenths acres  1,012
For pui chase of roadway across land owned
by William Brooks  550
For rent and purchase of land at high ser-
vice reservoir in Georgetown  3,300
For rent and purchase of land at bridge
No. G, in Georgetown .. 2,650
For clearing out obstructions near tho dam
to give free access in low water to the
head of tho aqueduct  5,500
For repairs in tunnel No. 1. and removing
fallen stones  1,500
For coping and covering of stone bridges... 30,000
For preserving tho now or Dalecarlia tun-
nel from falling in and protecting bank
of connecting conduit  20,000
For completing the distributing reser-
voir according to tho original plan:
1. Broken stone protection of T>anks  30,000
2. ltepaiung earthen banks, and complet-
ing, dividing, and setting iron valve-
gate therein...,.    5,000
3. Completing tho two gate houses of this
rosorvoir    20,000
For arrears of superintendence and repairs
to July 1,1S67  4,000
For completing workat arch over high ser-
vice reservoir and placing rail round the
same  4,000
For superintendence and general repairs... 12,000
For macadamizing tho top of tho conduit
now u^ed as the main road to Washington.. 10,000
$150,932
Prnvhlefh That the money horebyappropriatedfor
tho Washington aqueduct shall be applied to tho
objects named herein, and to no others.
Mr. KELSEY. I think I raust insist on the
