187a
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2977
them for the purpose of building stockades in
and about the town of Maysville; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims. _
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kentucky, praying an appropriation of $50,000
for the education of the freedmen of the South,
at the Wilberforce University, near the city of
Xenia,Greenecounty,Ohio; which was referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. McCREEKY presented the petition of
Joseph Ballow, praying compensation or rent
for his farm, used as a camp or post, known
as Camp Burnside, from November 12, 1868,
to November 12, 1864; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Mary E. Carlisle, of South.Carolina, prayingfor
compensation for property destroyed by United
States troops during the rebellion; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Divine, of Charleston, South Carolina, praying
for compensation for property taken by United
States soldiers during the recent war; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Healso presented a inemoriaVof the Charles-
ton Board of Trade, praying an appropriation
for the erection of a building at that place for
the accommodation of the post office; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Air. WILLEY presented the petition of I.
I. Berrey, and A. K. Phillips, of Fredericks-
burg, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petitions of I.
P. Logan, of Atlanta, Georgia, and of A. W.
0. Hieks, of Shreveport, Louisiana, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of B.
N. Glover, of Choctaw county, Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of
citizens of Jersey City, New Jersey, praying
the enactment of a law allowing the importa-
tion of pig lead from foreign countries free of
duty; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. I present two petitions of hon-
orably discharged soldiers of Pennsylvania,
representing that by the act of July 4, 1864,
they were entitled to receive $100 bounty—
one third on muster-in, one third after six
months' service, and the balance upon muster-
out ; but that under a decision of the Attorney
General they are deprived of a portion of that
pay, and they ask that a supplementary act be
passed to enable them to collect the balance
of the'bonnty due them under that act. I move
that these petitions be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of J. M.
Hopkins, President of the California Insurance
Company, and others, of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, setting forth that a certain petition hav-
ing^ been forwarded to Congress, asking such
legislation in reference to the fur-seal fisheries
of St. Paul and St. George Islands, Alaska ter-
ritory, as will permit general competition and
participation on the part of merchants and ship-
pers, and that upon a careful examination of
'the subject they feel convinced that a multi-
plicity of the traders would result in the demor-
alization of the natives, and in the entire ex-
termination of the seals in a very short time;
and they therefore pray such legislation as will
lease the islands to some responsible company
for a term of years, believing that by so doing
the interest of the Government and the future
preservation of these valuable fisheries will be
equally protected.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
41st Coito. 2d Sess.—No. 187.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
! Mrs. Julia Whistler, widow of the late Colonel
i William Whistler, United States Army, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of L.
Russell and Martha Russell, his wife, praying
for remuneration for property taken and used
by the United States Army during the late re-
bellion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
M. Jones, of Pulaski county, Tennessee, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions of
I. H. Barton, F. Brownson, M. L. McCortnick,
G. H. Maxey, and B. H. Davis, of Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
CHINESE INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present res-
olutions adopted at a meeting in the city of
Chicago, reported by a committee of which
the mayor of that city was chairman, and in
: which some of the most prominent and influ-
' ential citizens of the city of Chicago and of
; the State of Illinois, in fact, took part, in re-
j gard to what is known as the Chinese indem-
j | nity fund, a fund of some four or five hundred
! : thousand dollars in possession of the Govern-
; mentof the United States. It was received
from the Chinese Government in 1858 for the
■ purpose of indemnifying our citizens. After
' paying all the claims of our citizens this amount
j was left on hand, and properly, in the opinion
j of the committee, would seem to belong to the
j Chinese Government; but they  Te under the
| impression that the Chinese Government does
i not wish to receive it back, although it having
been received by our Government for the pur-
i pose of indemnifying our citizens, and all our
j citizens having been paid their claims, it would
seem in equity that t&ftt Government would'
be entitled to it.
This meeting adopted resolutions in which
they concur in certain resolutions that were
adopted in the city of New York upoa the same
subject. They state that this fund belongs in
in equity to the Government of China, as they
understand it, though that Government seems
disposed to waive its right to it; and they think
it should be employed in some way for the com-
mon advantage and honor of both nations; and
probably no method could be devised at once
so profitable .and honorable as the establish-
ment of a university in which the science and I
art of both peoples can be taught to both
Chinese and American students.
They conclude their resolutions with a me-
morial to Congress to have this money covered
into the United States Treasury as a special
fund, to be either returned to the Chinese
treasury or to be appropriated to the establish-
ment of a proposed institution of learning at
Pekin, as the Chinese Government may elect.
I move the reference of these resolutions to the j
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I would make one remark.
The subject is still pending before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and they will
probably make an early report upon it. The
idea that the Chinese Government have in any '
formal way declined to accept tnis fund is a j
mistake. At any rate, there is no evidence in
the Department of State, nor in any document
accessible to the committee, showing that the
Chinese Government have ever in any formal
way made such a refusal; and among the plans
proposed is the one suggested in the document
now presented by the Senator from Illinois that
the money should be returned to the Chinese
Government as belonging to them in equity.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask a question
if the Senator will allow me.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts if he has not dur-
ing the present session reported a bill which
authorizes the payment of an existing out-
standing claim from this very fund ?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I have not. At a
; former session such a bill was reported refer-
' ring a claim to the decision of the Attorney
; General, and the money on that has been paid ;
j but within a few days another claim lias been
; presented for a difference between currency
and coin in that claim.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is there any other fund
than this that we have received from China?
Mr. SUMNER. This is the only fund.
There is also a Japanese fund, which is in a
different predicament entirely.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. Wheti the late Attorney General
made an award from this fund, to be paid in
i gold, did not the Government pay in green-
backs and refuse to pay in gold after they had
received gold ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is the fact; and the
question whether the Government shall pay in
gold is now pending before the Court of Claims.
I have merely made this explanation partly in
1 reply to one or two of the suggestions in the
memorial presented. I am very glad that it
is to go to the committee, though they have
already given a good deal of attention to the
subject, and I would say that it is an old ac-
quaintance. The question of the disposition
; of this fund was first presented to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations by Mr. Seward as
i long ago as 1863, and in different forms it has
! been pending ever since. The committee hope
! to make a final report on the subject at an
I early day. It would have been made before
now except for the pendency of the claim in
the Court of Claims, and also for another claim
with reference to another ship called the Cal-
dera, of which I have heard within a very few
cl&ys*
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Committee on
Foreign Relations will find'some way of using
this money, both in regard to China arid Japan,
so as to erect the necessary public buildings1
for the purpose of carrying Oh the*business of
the United States in those countries, if the
fund can be diverted to that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is particularly
interested in the Japanese fuiid. The com-
mittee have not come to a conclusion in regard
to that fund. The Japanesefund, as the Sen-
ator is aware, is in entirely a different condi-
tion from the Chinese fund. There is no equity
which affects tho Japanese fund as there is
affecting the- Chinese fund.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the memorial be referred to. the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed'16.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. NYE. The papers in the case of Miss
S. A. Wood were last- year referred to the
Committee on Agriculture. 1 ask that an
order be entered for the withdrawal of the
papers, so that they may be presented before a
committee of the House of Representatives
which now has the subject under consideration.
There has been no report in the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced thatthe Househad passed the follow-
ing joint resolutions, iu which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested:
A joint resolution (H. IU No. 267) in rela-
tion to the burial-place for the remains of Gen-
eral John A. Rawlins; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) directing
the Secretary of War to deliver certain con-
demned cannon to the Ladies' Monument As-
sociation of Peoria, Illinois.
REPORTS 07 COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
