1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
T>e««es«, Dickinson, Dox, Dyer, Finkelnburg,Fitch,
fL.j Giitson, Goliad ay. Griswold, Haight, Halde-
man' Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Inee'rsoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judtl, Julian,
f. ® TT T T.nnttm T.Anwnm/l0a Mo _
inr fleevi'?, Rogers, Sohumaker, Shanks, Sherrod,
Slocum. Joseph S. Smith, William. Smyth, Steven-
Kin Stiies, Stone, Swanu, Sweeney, Trimble, Tyner,
Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winaus, Winohester,
Wood, and Woodward—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Ayer, Bailey,
Barnum, Booker, George M. Brooks, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butter, Cake, Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Davis, Dixon, Duval, Eld-
ridge, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Hays, Hill, Iloge, Hol-
man, Alexander H. Jones, Kellogg, Knapp, Lynch.
McCarthy. Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen,
Peters, Potter, Kioe, Ridgway, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, Worthinston C. Smith, Strader, town-
scud. Upson, Van Horn, Whittemore, and Wilkin-
son—45.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McGREW said: I desire to state that
my colleague from West Virginia [Mr. Du-
val] is unavoidably absent. If here, he would
have voted " ay."
SOCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
Mr. HAWLEY introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 151) in relation to the construc-
tion of the Rock Island bridge; on which he
demanded the previous question. .
The resolution was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution, which Was read, pro-
vides that in the construction of the bridge
heretofore authorized by Congress across the
Mississippi river, between Rock Island and the
city of Davenport} the Secretary of War shall
have power to construct the same for a single-
track railroad only, and to place the wagon
road below the railroad track as recommended
by the chief of engineers; provided that in no
case shall the expenditure on the part of the
United States exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. COX. I make the point of order that
the resolution makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It does not, but refers to
*n appropriation already made.
The previous question was seconded.
The House divided; and there were-^aves
90, noes 35.
So the mam question was ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time.
_ The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. 8COFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofiild and
Mr. Judd were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 92, noes 22.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
poor in the district.
®®NJAMIN submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Committee for the District of
L l ^rl?f „V?)?tract<!d 10 "P°f   hill authorizing
Ste1tin* the proper authorities of the cities of
to levy a tax upon the
for ?h^ ^ flH?s subJect to taxation sufficient
lor the support of the poor resident therein.
Mr. KNOTT. I move to lay the resolution
on the table, and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
eiIt6/PE jKlBB' The morni"g has
expired; and the resolution, under the rule.
• goes over till next Monday. '
order op business.
* mP16 There are various gentle-
k en who were not in their seats when their
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 69.
States were called this morning who desire to
present bills for reference. With the leave of
the House the Chair will recognize gentlemen
for that purpose, it being understood that these
bills are introduced under the restriction of the
morning hour that they shall not be brought
i back by motions to reconsider.
There was no objection.
john graham.
Mr. BANKS introduced a joint resolution
! (H. R. No. 152) for the relief of John Graham;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1165) in addition to and amendatory of
the laws relating to the rates of postage and to
the Post Office Department; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
j mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
i thomas c. m'grudbr.
i On motion of Mr. MORGAN, leave was
franted to withdraw from the files of the
louse the papers in the ease of Thomas C.
ii McGruder.
linthicum institute.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1166) to incorporate the Linthicum Institute
of Georgetown; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
columbia railroad company.
Mr. STONE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1167) to incorporate the Columbia Rail-
road Company of the District of Columbia:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
government usb of patents, etc.
Mr. BECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1168) to so amend the existing laws relative to
patents and copyrights as to allow the Govern-
ment of the United States to adopt all patents
and copyrights hereafter granted, issued, or
renewed (except those for war purposes only)
for the use of the Government, and to author-
ise the things so patented and copyrighted to
be manufactured and printed on such terms
and by such persons, for Government purposes,
as the proper officers of the United States may
designate and agree to; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
cuban affairs.
&r. ORTH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to : j
. -Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the publio interests, to communi-
cate to this House so much of the correspondence
between our Government and the Government of
Spain, and between the United States legation at
Madrid and the Department of State, as relates to
affairs connected with the island of Cuba; and also,
under like reservation, Buch information as may be
in his possession in reference to the present struggle
for independence in that island.
message from the president,
A message from the President, by Mr.
Horace Porter, his Private Secretary, in-
formed the House that the President had
approved and signed a bill (H. R. No. 134) to
establish aland district in Wyoming Territory,
and for other purposes.
admiralty jurisdiction,
Mr. CREBS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following preamble and resolution :
Whereas it has been decided by theSnpremeCourt
of the United States that all State laws conferring
jurisdiction in admiralty are unconstitutional; and
whereas the result of sucn decision is to preclude men
of small means who have just claims against steam-
boats and other vessels on the western rivers and
elsewhere from prosecuting their claims, on account
of the expense and inconvenience of prosecuting
such claims in the courts ofthe United States: There-
fore, _
Be it resolved, That the Committee on the Jadt-
oiary be requested to inquire into the constitution-
ality and expediency of reporting a law conferring
on the state courts^ exorcising common law juris-
diction concurrent jurisdiction in admiralty with
the united States courts in all eases arising in their
respective oirouits or districts, and that they have
leave to report at any time.
[ Mr. JENCKES. I object; the subject is
, before the committee now.
j PAY OF COMMITTEE CLERKS.
j Mr. GILFILLAN. I ask leave to offer the
i following preamble and resolution :
Whereas the clerks of committees employed by
this House are now paid per diem allowanco varying
from four dollars and eighty cents during the ses-
sions of Congress only to six dollars during the
Congress: and whereas the pay of said clerks should
be equitably fixed according to the amount of labor
actually to be performed: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Accounts
be, and the same are hereby, instructed to inquire
, into the duties of aaid clerks, and to ascertain which
of said clerks are equitably entitled to an annual
salary, or to receive an increase of per diem allow-
ance; and that the committee be allowed to report
at any time.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
state of georgia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, presented
the action of the State of Georgia, adopting
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the
Constitution of the United States and agree-
ing to the fundamental conditions of admis-
sion into the Union.
The papers were referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT, frotn the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R.-No.
1169) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
80, 1871, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Btate of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to reserve all
points of order on the bill.
Mr, SARGENT. I move that the bill be
made the Bpecial order in Committee of the
Whole for Friday next, and frona day to day
thereafter until disposed of.
The appropriations last year for all Indian
purposes amounted to $6,227,781 58. By this
bill we propose to appropriate $3,088,930 57 -,
an amount less than that appropriated last
year by $3,139,861 01. The-amount estimated
for the year 1870-71 was $5,046,834, which is
less than the appropriations of last year by
$1,178,457, and the appropriations which we
recommend this year are less than the esti-
mates by $1,969,403.
Now, in making these reduced recommenda-
tions of appropriations the committee have been
compelled in one or two instances to recom-
mend independent legislation. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations considered themselves
to a large degree instructed by the action of
the House, or of Congress at the first session
of this Congress, by which certain treaties were
suspended because this HoaBe thought them
unwise and extravagant.
It will be remembered that at the last session
of the Fortieth Congress no Indian appropria-
tion bill passed Congress, and no provision was
made for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department for the then coming
fiscal year. The Committee on Appropria-
tions of that Congress prepared< a bill for that
purpose, reported it to the House, and the
House acted upon it and sent it to the Senate
for the action of that body. It came back to
this House from the Senate loaded down with
such large additional appropriations, by way
of amendments, that the House refused to
concur in the amendments, and the bill fell
between the two Houses for want of time and
agreement.
When this Congress met last spring another
bill was reported to the House by the Committee
on Appropriations, passed by the Houftej and
