2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Committee on Finance, who were instructed
by a resolution of the Senate to inquire into
the expediency of imposing a tax ot one dol-
lar a gallon upon all distilled spirits, and also
to inquire into the expediency of collecting
the tax upon all distilled spirits by taxing the
capacity of the stills, to report that they have
considered the subject and are unanimously of
opinion that no change ought to be made in
the rate of taxation on distilled spirits. The
matters pertaining to it will come up more
properly hereafter, and the committee ask now
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
830) for the relief of the Drew Theological
Seminary of Madison, New Jersey, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN afterwards moved a recon-
sideration of this vote ; which was agreed to,
and the bill was placed on the Calendar with
the adverse report.
Mr. COLE. I desire to have the resolution
first reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance placed on the Calendar. I do not
remember the number of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
was discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. COLE. I will move to reconsider that
vote, in order that it may be placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a resolution in the
nature of instructions to the committee, and
we have complied with instructions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider, if agreed to, would carry no action
with it. It is not a bill; it is simply a Senate
resolution.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 987) to reduce the number of officers
in the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico in regard to the
treaty of March 2,1868, with the Utah Indians,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNERj from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was recommitted
the bill (S. No. 692) for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister to China, reported it
with amendments, and submitted a report;
which was Ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on ESdnca-
tionand Labor, to whom were referred numer-
ous petitions praying Congress to appropriate
$50,000 for the benefit of Wilberforce Univer-
sity, inf Ohiaf havehad the same under con-
sideration, and hasro instructed me to report a
joint resolution for the benefit of Wilberforce
University, accompanied by a written report,
which I 6sk may be printed.
The joint resolution (8. Ii. No. 181) for the
benefit of Wilberforce University was read, and
passed to the second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Hiram
R. Ray, private in company G, third North
Carolina mounted infantry, praying to be al-
lowed a pension, have had the same under con-
sideration and directed me to make a written
report adverse to the claim of the present peti-
tion. The paper purporting to be a petition is
neithef signed nor gworn to, nor is the evidence
satisfactory; but the committee think there
may be merits in the case, and they therefore
recommend that the petitioner be allowed to
Withdraw his papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be ordered to be printed, and the petitioner
will have leave to withdraw his petition.
,#r. PRATT. The, same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nancy S. Ledford,
widow of Christopher M. Ledford. late private
in company F, second North Carolina mounted
infantry, praying to be allowed a pension, have
had the same under consideration, and have
directed me to place a written report on file
adverse to the petition. Her case is similar to
the other. The paper purporting to be a peti-
tion is not sworn to, nor are the proofs satis-
factory ; but the committee, in view of the
facts stated in the proofs placed on file, think
there may possibly be merit in the case, and
tliey therefore recommend that she be allowed
to withdraw her memorial. I ask that the
report be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be ordered to be printed, and the petitioner
will be allowed to withdraw her papers.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 1337) granting a pension to Thomas
Clair, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1340) grant-
ing a pension to Sarah Barry, of Johuson
county, Tennessee, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print the memorial of the Colored Philosoph-
ical and Historical Society of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, asking that the name of " United States
of America" be changed to that of" United
States of Columbus," asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 475) to
farther regulate the public printing, and to dis-
continue the publication of books by the Gen-
eral Government for popular distribution, have
instructed me to report it back with amend- j
ments and ask that it be placed on the Calen-
dar. I do this in order to give it an early place
on the Calendar, although the bill has not
received that consideration in the committee
which I desired it should have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Raymond's mining report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee oa Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives to' print
additional copies of the report of Professor
Raymond, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage ; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered. It was read as follows:
Resolved, by (he House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed sixteen thou-
sand copies of the report for 18<39of R. W. Raymond,
special commissioner of mining statistics, on mines
and mining in the States and Territories west of the
Rocky mountains, ten thousand copies for the use of
the llouse, live thousand copies for the use of the
Senate, and. one thousand copies for the Treasury
Department, with the cuts illustrating the report:
Provided, That the cost of said cuts shall not exceed,
the sum of $600.
The resolation was concurred in.
armv register.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print two.
thousand copies of the Army Register, have
instructed mo to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, aa follows:
Retained, That two thousand copies of the lost offi-
cial Army Register be printed for the use of the
Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to. introduce
a bill (S. No. 840) for the better protection of
the frontiers of Texas ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 841) in addition to an act to promote the
progress of the useful arts, approved July 4,
| 1836; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor, and
i ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE subsequently said: I desire to
state that the bill introduced a few moments
ago by the Senator from Nebraska and referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor is
one which should go to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; let it be referred
to the Committee on Patents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change in
the reference will be made.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 812)
to establish certain post routes in the State of
Kansas; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
! Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
! consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 843) to confirm the title of the heirs of
; Gervaeio Nolan, deceased, to certain lands in
; the Territory- of Colorado ; which was read
i twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
I Private Land Claims, and ordered to be printed,
j SAN DOMINGO.
' Mr. FERRY submitted the following reso-
! lution; which was considered by unanimous
! consent:
llesolved. That the Secretary of State be directed
: to transmit to the Senate full and entire copies of
the following dispatches of J. Somers Smith, esq.,
late commercial agent of the United States at San
Domingo to the State Department, portion^ of which
dispatches were transmitted to the Senate on the
24th day of February, 1870, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of February 21,1870, namely :
Dispatch dated San Domingo City, September 4,
1869; „ , „
Dispatch dated San Domingo City, September 9,
1S69; and
Dispatch dated San Domingo City, October 8,1869.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that that
resolution ought to be addressed to the Presi-
dent, according to the invariable usage in such
matters.
Mr. FERRY. The last preceding resolu-
tion was addressed to the Secretary of State
and replied to by the Secretary.
Mr. SUMNER. That was a mistake. I do
not wish to interfere with the resolution ; but
that is the usage.
Mr. FERRY. I have no objection to that
amendment, and then there should be another
amendment made inserting the words "if not
imcompatible with the public interests."
j The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
! objection, the resolution will be changed from
■ a direction to a request to the President, and
; the usual clause " if not incompatible with the
public interest" inserted.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
promotion of education.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of dividing the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the several States for educational pur-
poses, and of otherwise so providing by law that all
the people of the United States may have the oppor-
tunity of acquiring a common-school education.
Mr. President, at such time as it may suit
the convenience of the Senate I should like
to be heard for about twenty minutes on the
subject of this resolution before it is referred
to the committee. If it ia the pleasure of the
Senate to hear me now, I am prepared to pro-
C66Cl*
Mr. POMEROY, It is twenty minutes before
one now, and I think the Senator had better
go on, .
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the resolution will be considered as
before the Senate. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the resolution is before the body. .
Mr. WILLED. Mr. President, the results
of the late war of the rebellion have brought
