3922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
slightest observation of what was said the other
day would have spared me any such remark. ,
I know what I talked about the other day;
and I mean to be accurate in whatever I say to
the Senate about the appropriation bills. 1 do
not say that I always am, but I mean to be;
and I know I was accurate on that occasion.'
The day before yesterday I said that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations had cut down the
expense for the collection of internal revenue
$1,000,000. We ask for a deficiency now in
the collection of the customs. Does the Sen-
ator seethe difference? Is it necessary for him
to lecture me and call the attention of the coun-
try to what he understands to be at least an
inconsistency in the remarks of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, and to tell
the country that the day before yesterday I
congratulated them and the Senate that we
were to save $1,000,000 in the collection of
the customs, and that to*day I come in for
$1,400,000 deficiency? If the Senatorwill look
at the condition of things he will see how
entirely gratuitous these remarks are.
Now, sir, I propose to send to the Chair, to
have read, the grounds upon which these appro-
priations which the Senator thinks are so im-
portant are necessary, and he will see that any
remark in regard to their extravagance is not
exactly justitied. The Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] who is more acquainted with
this mode of doing things, made a remark
which it will be seen is borne out entirely by
what I will send to the Chair; that is, that
what is asked here as a deficiency results ordin-
arily %from the operation of the laws under
which the collection of the customs goes on.
1 send to the Chair a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
"Warrant Division,
Treasury Department, May 7,1870.
Sir: In farther explanation of the deficiency on
account of "collecting the revenue from customs,-"
l'or which an appropriation was asked in my letter
to you of April 4,1 inclose you statements "A," show-
ing the remittances to the five principal ports during
the six months ending December 31,181)8, ami De-
cember 31,1809, compared; "IV showing receipts at
same ports for same period, compared; and "C,"
showing the receipts and the expenditures for salaries
and current expenses at all ports tor the six months
from Julyl to Deoemlrer 31,1868, and from July X to
December 31,1869, compared.
13y those statements it appears that the revenue
at the livo principal ports for the six months ending
December 31,1869, was $6,109,877 76 greater than for
the corresponding six months of the preceding year.
This increased revenue was collected at an in-
creased cost for salaries and current expenses of
$214,890 9-i; and tho indications are that tho revenue
for the remaining six months will show a more than
corresponding increase, while it is believed the rela-
tive increase of expenditures wilL bp much smaller.
From statement " 0 " it will bo seen that the en-
tiro customs revenue has been increased $7,270,011 43
during tho snmo period, at an increased cost of
$504,011 18, for salaries and current expenses. In
addition to tho salaries and current expenses there
are numerous incidental charges against this appro-
priation,which help to increase the deficit and which
cannot readily be shown without, entering into
minute details.
Assuming that for the remaining six months of
the year the increased cost will be the same, wc then
have $1,008,022 36 as tho actual increased cost of
collection. Add the deficiency in tho amount avail-
able, as explained in my previous letter, namely,
$64,771 38 decrease in unexpended balancc, and
$353,334 48 decrease in amount derived from fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, and we have a grobs defi-
ciency of $1,420,128 12, or $13,981 12 more than the
amount asked to bo appropriated.
It is not practicable to cstimato the exact defi-
ciency which will be required, as tho exigencies of
the service vary very much. In order to socure a
proper and efficient collection of the revenue it is
important that a sufficient appropriation should
always be available to prevent the Department from
being crippled in its efforts to that end from lack of
means.
The customs revenue for tho fiscal year ending
June 30,1869, was over one hundred and eighty mil-
Jion dollars, and for the current fiscal year it will be
over one hundred and ninety million dollars. The
estimated cost of col lecting this, as given in my pre-
vious letter, was $6,320,000, or a little more than one
third of one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mistake if itsays
one third of one per cent. It should be three
per cent.
The Clerk continued the reading, as follows:
•Ittroference to tho cause of the §1,000,000 increase
in the eost of collection, I remark generally that I
have in some instances increased the salaries of the
more responsible and arduous positions at several
of the ports, but the main bulk of the increase is due
to increase of force made necessary by the greatly
increased business.
It should be observed, also, that the increase of
imports, excluding free goods, during the first eight
months of thepresent fiscal year was$27,271,250; and
of this amount $18,304,314, or about two thirds of the
whole excess, paid a duty of thirty and seven tenths of
one per cent., or about seventeen per cent, less than
the average rate of duty on all goods imported subject
to duty. The result of this is that the average rate
of duty on goods imported is considerably less than
it was during the first eight months of the preceding
fiscal year, and also that the amount of work per-
formed at the custom-houscs has been dispropor-
tionately increased as compared with the increase
ef gross revenues received.
As the appropriation is entirely exhausted, prompt
action on the part of Congress will be necessary to
enable the salaries (due and unpaid for last month
at most of the ports) to be paid.
My letter of the 4th of April is herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very rcspeotfully, See,.,
GJSORGE S. BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
Lot M. Morrill, Chairman Committee on Appropri-
ations, United, States Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I send another
letter to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Warrant Division,
Treasury Department, April 4, 1870.
Sir : I have the honor to inform you that there will
be a deficiency probably in the appropriation for
"collecting the revenue from customs" lor tho cur-
rent fical year of $1,412,147, and to request that an
appropriation for this amount may be included in
the deficiency bill now before the Senate.
Tho cause of this deficiency may be explained as
follows:
First. The available balanco at the commencement
of the current fiscal year was $64,771 38 less than at
the commencement of the fiscal year preceding.
Second. The amount estimated as receipts from
fines, &c., is $353,331 48 less than the actual receipts
tor the preceding year, which is explained by the
fact that comparatively few compromises have been
madeduiing the year, and that many cases which
might have been compromised aro now in court
awaiting adjudication.
Third. There has been an increase of the expenses
during this year of $994,041 14. A portion of this
increase is ot a temporary character, and other por-
tions have been incurred in an effort to increase the
cfiicicncy of the revenue system.
Inclosed I hand you a statement of this account
which will show you how this estimate is arrived at.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
GE0RUE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary,
Hon. Lott M. Morrill, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, United States Senate.
Collecting the revenue from customs.
Expenditure for first three quarters of the fiscal
_ycar $4,740,584 45
Estimated expenditure for last quarter
of fiscal year  1,580,194 82
Total  6,320,779 27
Specific appropriation for tho servicc of
the current fiscal year made by act of
May3,1866,14 Statutes.354.$4,200,000 00
Estimated receipts from fines,
<&c., appropriated to this
account by same act  70S,032 27
  4,908,632 27
Deficiency $1,412,147 00
bote.—The estimated receipts from fines, &c., are
based upon the actual receipts for tho first two quar-
tcrs of the fiscal j-ear.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I know it; but I wish to
state to the Senator from Maine that unless
the probability seems greater to him than it
does to me of passing this bill to-day I must
insist' on my motion that the Semite go into
executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I feel no solici-
tude about it. If the Senate think it is liable
to lead to debate, of course, having thrown
myself on the indulgence of the Senator from
New York, I shall not persist further.
Mr. CONKLING-. I think itis very obvious
that this bill will lead to debate. The Senator
from Illinois doubtless intends to reply to the
Senator from Maine. Therefore I renew my
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I beg leave to have read
in connection with this matter, that it may also
be before the Senate, a few lines from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING; Let me ask the Senator
whether it will not be as satisfactory to him to
have it read when the subject is taken up again
for consideration ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Bat in connection with
what has been read I should like this to be
read now, in order that it may go into the
Globe. It will constitute but four or five lines.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not insist against
the wish of the Senator, though I think it might
go over and be considered together.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Secretary to
read the portion of the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The amount paid b3' warrants for collecting the
revenue from customs during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1888, was 86.378.385 43. and for the year end-
ing June 30,1869, $5,376,738 13, showing a decreaso
of $1,001,617 30. This decrease in the cost of collect-
ing the revenue has not been attended by any loss
of efficiency in the service. On the other hand, it is
believed that tho means for the detection of smug-
gling are better than ever before, and that the cus-
tom-house service is also constantly improving."
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. I insist on my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask the Senator
from New York, in the interest of charity and
for the sake of the poor of this District, to allow
the pending bill to be voted upon.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the Sen-
ator that with great regard for charity and with
great pity for these people, I have serious doubts
whether that bill ought ever to be voted upon
finally. I feel very clear that it ought never to
be voted upon until we understand better than
we understand at this moment the expediency
and propriety, without machinery, without any
accountable agency, of giving now-$30,000,
and then $10,000, and again some other sum,
for the poor of this city. Therefore, while I
should be very glad to acquiesce in the sug-
gestion of the Senator, I renew and insist upon
my motion that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I now askto submit a ques-
tion of order, whether this day was not set apart
for the business of the District of Columbia?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was.
Mr.^ CONKLING-. That does not prevent
a motion to adjourn or take an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish n decision of the
Chairman on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day was
set apart for District of Columbia business.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if other business is
in order to-day?
The^ PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of business is always in the control of the Sen-
ate, and a day being set apart for any particular
business does not prevent a motion to take up
other business.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another bill re-
ported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia which ought to be acted upon j it is
in relation to the Medical Society of the Dis-
trict.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is that a motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness is not debatable. I insist upon that motion#
ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The point
ox order is well taken. A motion for executive
session has precedence of every other motion
except a motion to adjourn, and must be de-
cided without debate.
Ihe motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. Alter some time spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
message from the house.
^ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, ■
announced that the House had passed the fol-
