1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
sent to the Senate. The Senate again loaded
the bill with large appropriations, by way of
amendments, in order to provide for carrying
out certain treaties made since the 20th of July,
1867; treaties more extravagant, perhaps, than
any ever before ratified by the Senate, or that
the House ever was asked to sanction by making
appropriations. The House refused to allow so
large an amount of money to be taken out of
the Treasury for the tribes mentioned in the
Senate amendments. Accordingly, the bill was
returned to the Senate, with this refusal on the
part of the House to sanction the additions made
to it by way of amendments. The Senate ad-
hered to its position, and so notified us. Finally,
as there was au absolute necessity that some-
thing should be done, for the appropriations
must be applied before the next meeting of
Congress, the difficulty was bridged over by
the appropriation in gross of $2,000,000, with
a provision that nothing therein contained or
in the bill should be deemed as ratifying the
treaties made since July 20,1867. In that form
the bill passed Congress, and the $2,000,000
appropriation accounts for the part of the very
large appropriations which were made for the
current fiscal year.
The amount of appropriations for Indian
purposes was further increased by the sum of
nearly half a million dollars to supply a defi-
ciency in certain expenditures made by Gen-
eral Harney for the benefit of the Sioux In-
dians, some twenty-eight or thirty thousand
dollars to pay for some goods furnished by
Mr. Wilkinson, $125,000 to Blackburn, and
many expenditures of that character.
The bill of last spring seems to have been
an omnibus bill, in which everything in con-
nection with the Indian tribes was crowded—
deficiencies, extraordinary appropriations to
pay bills incurred by peace commissions, by
officers of the Army, &c. Perhaps it was
excusable on account of the great haste with
which it was necessary to consider and act
upon the bill at that time.
But during this session of Congress the
Committee on Appropriations have taken up
carefully the whole system of appropriations
for the Indian tribes. They have gone back
and examined every provision of every treaty
and every statute bearing on the subject, and
have estimated from this bill every appropria-
tion under any stipulation in any treaty which
depends on the discretion of Congress, except
in one instance; and hence part of the reduc-
tions which have been made in the appropria-
tions below the estimates.
Furthermore, as partly accounting for the
reduction, there was an estimate for $1,697,630
for the Sioux Indians of different tribes under
the treaties which were rejected, so to speak,
by the House last spring. That estimate, I
suppose, was a correct and necessary one under
the new treaties with these Indians, which pro-
vided for some very extraordinary expend-
itures—for instance, that a large amount in
goods should be paid to Indians of these tribes
roaming at large; which would seem to be
against public policy. For Indians of these
tribes that settled on reservations another
scale of payment and subsidy was provided.
By these treaties certain articles of raiment and
certain rations were to be issued. An infin-
ity of officials is provided for, extensive build-
ings, &c. But, upon consultation with the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, the Committee on
Appropriations found that if more discretion ■
should be given to him in the expenditure of 1
money be could get along with less than half j
the amount that had been estimated for. If |
he should be required to furnish these rations j
and these particular articles of clothing, suit- !
able or unsuitable, to pay for those structures ,
which were provided under those treaties, '
whether needed or not, to keep a small army i
of employes, then he would require the whole ■
amount of more than a million and a half. If
the money could be expended more in his dis-
cretion, more in the interests of humanity, in
procuring such provisions and other articles
as might from time to time be necessary—for
instruction in mechanical and agricultural pur-
suits, for educating the children and procur-
ing medical attendance, and in other respects
?romoting the civilization and comforts of the
ndians—then, according to the expectation
of the Commissioner, he would be able to get
along with $750,000 for these large tribes of
: Indians, numberingthirty thousand souls, mak-
ing a reduction of $947,620 in that one estimate.
I might go on and point out other reductions
which have been made; but I will say that, with
the exception of some articles which have been
stricken out of old treaties, the Commissioner
j of Indian Affairs has been consulted at every
I step, and these large reductions have been
i made with his sanction, and with his assurance
that he thinks the Indian department can with
; this appropriation of a little more than three
i million dollars be carried on at least as well
as it is this year for over six million dollars,
which was appropriated for that service.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is absolutely necessary,
in order to carry out these reforms inaugurated
by the Committee on Appropriations, that this
bill be considered in Committee of the Whole
without encountering objection on the ground
of new legislation. I hope, therefore, that the
gentleman from Tennessee will withdraw his
reservation of points of order so that the bill
may be considered without that restriction.
All the propositions amenable to objection on
points of order are in the interest of economy. !
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Tennessee j
withdraws the reservation of points of order I
shall renew it; for I have always found that our
legislation on Indian affairs demands careful
consideration.
Mr. SARGENT. I move, then, to suspend
the rules for the purpose of allowing the bill
to be considered in Committee of the Whole
without being liable to points of order as con-
taining new legislation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not been able to
hear the remarks of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] because he stood at such
a distance from me. I wish to ask him whether
the bill contains any new or independent
legislation ?
Mr. SARGENT. Nothing making newappro-
priations. But there is, for instance, one sec-
tion providing that certain treaties made July
1 20,1867, shall not be considered as ratified by
any provisions in this bill. In another case we
found that an appropriation had been made for
the last six years to pay the son of Pio- Pio-
Mox-Mox $100 a year, although he has been
dead for that length of time. We have inserted
in the bill a provision covering this $600 into
the Treasury. There are several provisions of
that nature, every one of them in the interest
of economy. I do not believe the gentleman
from Tennessee would object to any of them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not doubt that all
the provisions are in the interest of economy,
and are in the opinion of the committee very
wise; but my objection is to the injudicious
mode of legislation.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] will yield to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark
that the motion to suspend the ruleB is not
debatable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must make the
point of order that this debate is out of order.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair must sustain
the point of order. It has been usual to allow
any gentleman reporting a bill from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to accompany it with
a brief explanation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ido not object to that.
The SPEAKER. But whenever any gen-
tleman raises the point of order the Chair is
obliged to sustain it.
Mr. DAWES. Upon the motion to print
the bill the gentleman [Mr. Sargent] is, I be-
lieve, entitled to comment upon the contents i
of the bill.
in the
i is a
The SPEAKER. Not on a motion to print
and refer. It has never been so held '
House.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that there i
separate motion to print.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that the bill
has been ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I made the motion sepa-
rately the other day on the reference and print-
ing of an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was indulged, by unanimous con-
sent, as the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations always is ; but on the ordinary
motion to print, when an appropriation bill has
been reported under the privilege accorded to
the Committee on Appropriations to report at
' any time, the Chair would hold that it is not
debatable, because it would be opposed to the
absolute rule of the House that the first discus-
sion of all appropriation bills shall be in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question now is on the motion of the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] that
the rules be suspended in order that the legis-
lative provisions of this appropriation bill may
be considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union without objection.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
90, noes 28.
So the rules were suspended; and it was
ordered accordingly.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be made the special
order after the morning hour on Friday next,
and from day to day thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I certainly do not agree
to any such motion, for it would have the effect
to make this special order supersede the tariff
bill and all other special orders which have
been fixed for a later day.
The SPEAKER. It will supersede every
special order of a later date.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand a division on
that motion.
The SPEAKER. An appropriation bill can
be made a special order by a majority vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does this supersede
special orders heretofore made ?
The SPE AKE R. It will supersede all special
orders, no matter when made, which have been
fixed for a later date.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there be unfin-
ished business at that time does not this bill
give way for it ?
The SPEAKER. When the House resolves
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the U nion the special order of prior
date must be taken up regardless of any pre-
vious unfinished business not a special order
in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. I make the point of order
that an appropriation bill cannot be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union without a suspension of the rules. i
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended for that purpose, and therefore this >
bill stands before the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union as any other general ;
appropriation bill. The rule is specific:
" And the House may at any time, by a vote of a
majority of the members present, make any of the
general appropriation bills a special order."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
thirty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. SARGENT demanded tellers.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Gentlemen :
would save time by fixing a later day.
Mr. SARGENT. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs informed me that if this bill
shall pass at an early day he would then know
what money he had to expend, and could get
along with half a million less than without
such knowledge; and it was on that basis, and '
