2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
ually, or for campaign purposes and to support tho
press down there?
Ansxoer, I felt no personal interest m the press or
in tho canvass, and I did not care what he did with
the money. I felt that it was due to him personally,
as a recognition of his haying done a generous thing.
I know that he said in that connection that he would
not receive it for himself. Ho stated that distinctly
to mo.
Question, Did you havo any talk with General
Schofield after the appointment was mado ?
Answer. I do not rccollect. I think General Tyler
himself came on.
Question. Can you state tho amount of money
which you yourself received ?
Answer. I cannot: I do not recollect receiving any
money for myself. General Schoepfe proposed tome
in the beginning that General Tyler would like to
reward me largely for doing anything about it. I told
him that I could not do it for any consideration, but
as a matter of personal friendship to him, and I
should not have started into the thing with the idea
of getting anything from anybody. If I remembered
the fact of receiving money I would be very glad to
state it; but I do not recollect anything about tho
sum. Itwasnotthe principal point in my mind. The
point was to get the appointment.
"Washington, February 2-1,1S70.
Samuel Milligan sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. What is your occupation?
Answer. I am judge of the Court of Claims.
Question. Whore do you reside?
Ansxoer. My home is in Greeneville, East Ten-
nessee.
Question. In Judge Butler's congressional dis-
trict?
Ansxoer. Yes, sir.
Question. State whatyou know in reference to Judge
Butler's appointment of a cadet from his district to
the Military or Naval Academy of the United States,
or any attempt on his part to tindsoino person fitted
for tho appointment.
Ansxoer. Some time in March, I860, Mr. Butler
was kind enough to ask me if one ot my sons did not
desire an appointment cither to West Point or to tlio
Naval Academy. I told him that one of my boys
did desire it. lie said he would give it to me, and 1
might select which plaec I wanted him logo to. 1"
remarked that tho boy had selected the Naval Acad-
emy, and I would rather conform to his wishes, lie
accordingly gave mo the appointment. He never
said anything to me about any compensation; I
never gave him anything except many thanks for
his kindness. My boy was admitted. At the same
time Mr. Butler spoke to mo about my boy he asKed
mo if I knew of any young man in my district who
desired to go to West Point. I said no. Ho said that
ho desired to get a young man to go to West Point,
but ho had made two appointments andboth of them
wore rejected. He said that if lknew of any sprightly,
well-qualifiedyoungmanlittcdtor tho place ho would
give him the appointment. I told him I at that time
knew ot none, lie said perhaps I might think of
some alter a little. J thought over the matter, but
could not recollect any. Tiiero were doubtlesssome
well qualified who would not wish to go to West
Point, and there were perhaps tho,je who would wUh
to go to West Point, but were not qualified. The
war had broken down all our schools, and lour or
five years gone out of ayoungman'seducation makes
a great difference with him. This h tho substance
of what occurred between us.
Washington, February 21,1870.
Robert A. Crawford sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question, Where do you reside?
Answer. In Greeneville, Tennessee.
Question. State tothe committee anj* thing you may
know in regard to any effort on the part of Judge
Butler to liml some person from his own district to
appoint to the Military Academy at We.-t, Point or
the Naval Academy nt Annapolis.
Answer, i think it was about the last of March or
the 1st of April that Judge Butler came to mo and
said that ho wanted to find somebody from his dis-
trict who would go to Wof tPoint. Ho had nnappoint-
ment to make, both to West Point and the Naval
Academy, and had sent Judge ^h-ligan's son to the
Naval Academy. If e wan tod to knowif l'eould think
of any one from his district who was qualified. There
had been no one appointed from there lor many yeai>.
{ thought over the matter fur a fortnight, but'eould
think of none. We had no schools in that district
when the war wasgoing on, and there were very few
young men there of tho proper age who could have
passed such nn examination as is required tor admis-
sion to West Point. Wo talked over the matter twice,
but still could think ol no one. i never heard any-
thing furl her about the matter until now. I recollect
T said to Judge Butler, "Why not appoint one of
your own sons, since no one else will accept tho posi-
tion?" lie said he did not care to have his sons
educated at West Point. One of them was not in
good health, and tothe appointment of tho other
one there was some other objection. Then I wrote
to several young men, but could find none who de-
sired to made application for the position. Judge
Butler,} understood,hadmado two or threenppoint-
menls.but they had been rejected on accountof fail-
ing to pass examination. I did thevery best Ieould to
procure some one for the position. 1 w;.s anxious to
do so for the honor of our State. During the rebel-
lion we had in East Tennessee veiy few men quali-
fied for officeis, because t hoy had not been educated
for the position. I feit that keenly durina- tho war.
If we had young men educated a,t West Point Ten-
nessee would have had men ready to take ahigh mili-
tary position when occasion offered for them to do
so. At this time Ido notknow positively of a single
young man in our district of loyal parentage who
could stand examination at West Point.
Question. What do you mean by loyal parentage ?
Answer, I mean whose father was loyal.
Question. Would you object to having a boysent
to West Point to be educated whose father was not
loyal?
Ansxoer. I most certainly should.
Question. Was Judge Butler in the Army?
Ansxoer. Yes, sir.
Question. In which army ?
Answer. In the Federal Army, sir. The thirteenth
Tennessee regiment. Judge Butler always expressed
himself strongly in favor of the Government.
Question. Whenwasthelast congressional election
held in Tennessee ?
Ansxoer. It was in November, 1868.
Question. State to the committeeMr.BuTLER's con-
dition so far as money matters are concerned.
Ansxoer. I understand that he has a large prop-
erty ; considerable valuable real estate,
Washington, D. C., February 24,1870.
William B. Stokes sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. What is your position, and where do you
reside?
Ansxoer. I am a member of Congress; I reside in
Alexandria, Tennessee.
Question. State anything you may know with ref-
erence to any contributions made by Mr. Butler for
tho benefit of his party or thonewspapers of his party
in Tennessee.
Answer. I know that Judgo Butlkr contributed
$500 tothe support of the State Journal last summer;
at least I saw it so stated by the chairman of the State
central committee, and he gave me a paper contain-
ing the names of the men who had contributed tothe
State Journal amounts exceeding twenty-live dol-
lars; among them was Judgo Butler^j name, and
annexed to it was the sum ot $500.
Question. Whattimo was this?
Answer. Our convention was held about the 20th of
May, and this I should say was about the middle of
June. The Press and Times sold out to the Opposi-
tion about the 10th of June, and immediately after-
ward, of course, wc gut up the other paper, tho Stato
Journal.
By Mr. Aspek :
Question, llowlongafter Judge Butler wenthome
last spring ?
Ansxoer. 1 suppose it was about the middle of June;
possibly not until some time in July.
Question. This was tho time you saw the list with
Judge Butler's name on it?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When was the payment made?
Answer. That I do not know.
Question. It stood to him as an individual sub-
scription?
Answer. Yes, sir.
By the Chairman:
Question. What was this State Journal ?
Answer. It was the Stato organ of tho ilepublican
partv in Tennessee.
Question. What timo did Judgo Butlkr go from
Washington to Tennessee?
Answer. 1 understood that ho went directly from
Washington to the convention of the 20th of May.
(Mr. Butler corroborated this statement.)
Question. At what election was this,?
Ansxoer, It was the general election for Governor
and State officers. The election for members of Con-
gress had taken place tho fall bcl'oro.
Question. Did you ever havo any conversation with
Charlie Smith about his son being rejected ?
Answer. No, "-u.
Washington, March 7,1870.
II. W. Dursin sworn and examined.
By Mr. Butler :
Question. State when it was that you came herelast
spring, with the president of the EastTenncsscc and
Virginia and Ea&tTenncssec and Georgia railroads.
Wo reached hereon tho evening of the
27th of February, about dark. I knew that it was
about that timo from my own memory, and yester-
day I examinedthe hotel register and found it as I
have stated. I registered tne party myself in my
own handwriting.
Question. State the occasion of your coming to
Washington at that time.
Answer. About that timo Mr. Calloway, president
of the East, Tennessee and Virginia and East Ten-
nessee and Georgia railroads, was in correspondence
with you in relation to those railroads and their con-
nection with the Government. I do not re^ncmber
the exact date, but it was previous to our coming.
Question. Please stato whether, immediately upon
your arrival here, I did not inform you that I had
seen General Scholield and had arranged matters sat-
is i'acUu il> ?
Answer. Something to that effect; I cannot say
exactly the character of tho communication, but we
, understood from you that the matter stood favorably
, with tho War Department; I cannot remember the
, exact status of the matter, but that was the general
i cfleet of it. I think you saw us on the evening wc
• airiTed here; possibly, however, not until the next
; morning. 1 understood thatfrom your conversation
, which wi-- more with Mr. Calloway than with me.
By Mr. Logan:
Question. One question was omitted. State your
age, residence, and occupation.
Ansxoer. I am thirty years of ago; I reside in Ten-
nessee; am engaged in tho railroad business.
washington, March 2,1870.
E. A. Sawyer sworn and examined.
By Mr. Butler:
Question. State your ago and residence.
Answer. My age is forty-eight years; I reside in
Tennessee, Jefferson county.
Question. State what took placelastspring in rela-
tion to certain money received oy mo for tne benefit
of the party in that State.
Answer. Some timo about last March I went to
Judge Butler's roomoneday; ongoing in he intro-
duced me to a gentleman by the name of Este; I
would not know him now if I should see him. He
went out just as I went in. I noticed there was some
money lying on the table—a roll of bills; I said, "1
have comejust in good time; I want some money;
I gue.-s I had bottergrabitnow,"and I put my hands
on the money. Judge Butler said that was not his
money. I said I wanted twenty dollars for Dr.
Hamilton, of Georgia; he said he could let me have
some money, but not that; he asked me if I wanted
any more than twenty dollars. Isaid,"No; twenty
dollars is all I want." He said that money was not
his; that the man who had just left the room, Mr.
Este, had fetched it from somebody in New York to
be used in starting apaperatMorristown. I said no
more; Igotmy own money and justleft. Thejudge
went into his room and got the money which he gave
me from a chest. He did not get it from the roll of
money on the table; he said that was not his. That
is all I know about the mattor.
By Mr. Hoge:
Question. "Who was present besides Mr. E3to ?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. About what time in March was thib?
Ansxver. Near tho middle, I should say.
Washington, March 2,1870.
William Spencer sworn and examined.
. By Mr. Butler :
Question. State your residence and occupation.
Answer. I reside inMurfreesborough, Tennessee; I
was ioimally a trader, but at piesent I am engaged
in farming.
Question. Tell the committee all you recollect in
relation to the matter ot certain money being left
with mo for the benefit of the party and tho news-
papers in our State.
Answer. Is what I am going to say to be taken
down? _
Question. Yes, sir.
Answer. I want to state before saying anything on
that subject that my memory is not very good—my
recollection in regard to this matter at any rate—
and any statement T may make I wish understood to
be as much from what Mr. Sawyer has said in con-
versation since as from any recollection I have my-
self. With this explanation I will stato to the com-
mittee this: I was at Judge Butler's room one
evening, the last of March or the lirst of April, 1 can-
not say the exact date, when a gentleman came in,
whom I did not know—I had never seen him before
and Ihavenever seen him since—and said howantcd
to see Mr. Butler on private business. Mr. But-
ler told him that we were all friends, and whatever
he had to say he could talk it out. This man then
mentioned that he had a sum of money that he
wanted to let Mr. Butler have, or to leave with
him. 1 do not rccollect that he said what the money
was for; it ho did my memory does not serve me
now; at any rate, I remember Mr. Butler did not
want to receive themoney. I said " Goodness alive,
if I could get a^ chance to take any money I would
take it." That is, I meant, of course, if it was money
that it was right for me to have. I understood in
some way that it was for use in connection with our
election. I said the party was very poor, and wo
ought to take all tbe money we could get, and get
all we could. I did not know for what particular
purpose the money was brought to Mr. Butler, but
had a general understanding that it was intended to
help us out in our election.
Question. State to the committee whether X took
the money at all.
Answer. No, sir: my recollection is that there was
considerable conversation about the matter, and
Judge Butler declared that he would not have the
money. I insisted that he should take it. The gen-
tleman that brought it spoke as if he ought to have
some of it. I told him it he had any right to any ol
the money heoughtto havetakenit out before hand-
ing it to Mr. Butler. I did not dream of its being
connect eu with anythingillegal; it was a matter very
eommonand usual for money to begiveninthatway
i for election purposes while we were getting Tennes-
; see all right. President Johnson one timo tele-
, graphed to me at Memphis to send him $5,000 or our
I paper wouldgo down. I sent the $5,000immediately.
I got 63,500 of it back. After Johnson got to be
I resident, a,nd went back on us as wo considered ii,
the paper did go down. The press was sold, and J
got $3,500 of my money back. I thought this money
was some that had come in some such way; the party
needed assistance and wassendingto friends in other
places for money, and I supposed this had come for
that purpose. My recollectionis that the gentleman
did not give it to Mr. Butler but put it down on the
table and left it. Mr. Butler insisted that hewonld
not take it. I told Mr. Butler if he would nottako
