>1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4867
It does seem to me that we are going on with
expenses on the part of the General Govern-
ment which will not result in accomplishing
the object intended, that is, the supply of
water to this city, because of default on the part
of the city. There ought to be some remedy
for this difficulty by compelling the city author-
ities to do their part. Otherwise the whole
thing might almost as well be abandoned. Will
the gentleman enlighten us as to what expecta-
tion there is in that direction ?
Mr. KELSHY. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] the chairman of the
Committee lor the District of Columbia, if the
failure of this water to rise above the second
story of the houses of the city is not caused by
using so muchof itin the navy-yard for mechan-
ical purposes? *_
Mr. COOK. That is one reason. I will
say to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schick]
that there is now pending a bill to remedy I his
difficulty, for which I am sure we will have the
valuable aid of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee for the District of Columbia
[Mr. Cook] what becomes of the water rent
paid by the citizens of this city?
Mr. COOK. Itgoes into the city treasury ;
the Government of the United States has noth-
ing to do with it.
Mr. BLAIR. Is it not extraordinary that
the Government should be called upon to sup-
ply water to this city, and then that the pro-
ceeds should go into the city treasury, and after
ail tiiere should not be water in the houses ?
Mr. COOK. I beg leave to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,]
that 1 consider it most extraordinary.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a fact., nevertheless.
a Mr. WELKEli. I wish to ask my col-
league on tiie Committee for the District of
Columbia [Mr. Cook] whether the remain-
ing part, of the appropriation is sufficient to
finish the distiibuting reservoir as far as prac-
ticable? It strikes me that if we intend to
finish it as contemplated by his amendment
the amount is not large enough.
Mr. COOK. I thinktheamountnamedinthe
amendment is sufficient to complete the work
upon the original plan ; and such is the testi-
mony of the engineer who drew the original
plans and had charge of ihe work for a long
time.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the last
word of the substitute, as modified. I make
this motion (or ihe purpose of putting a ques-
tion to the chairman of the Committee (or the
Dislriet of Columbia. I understood from the
conversation a moment ago between the chair-
man of ihe committee and the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blaiii] that the Government
has expended several million dollars upon tins
aqueduct; and yet the water rents go to the
city of Washington—water rentsfor water which
is broughthereby an expenditureof some mil-
lion of dollars of the money of the United
States. Now, I want to ask the chairman of
the Committee for the District whether there
is any law authorizing this payment of water
rents" to the city of Washington ?_
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir; there is. ^
Mr. BEAMAN. Is it not required that these
funds shall be applied to keeping in repair the
wains ?
Mr. COOK. I do not think the mains have
caused any expense thus far for keeping them
in repair. These water rents ought, in^ my
opinion, to go towards laying a thirty-six inch
main, which would cure all the present diffi-
cu i ty.
Mr. BEAMAN". What is probably the amount
of water rents?
Mr. COOK. One hundred and fifty-one or
one hundred and fifty-two thousand dollars per
annum.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Government pays no
water rent?
Mr. COOK. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is one point upon
which I would like some information. It has
been suggested that there was a mistake in the
original engineering of this work ; that it was
intended by those who laid it out to draw the
water from the Potomac ; but that it was found
the work was too high for that purpose, and a
reservoir became necessary to catch the water
from the surrounding country. Is there any
foundation whatever for this impression?
Mr. COOK. In the first place, the water to
fill this reservoir was brought from a creek.
The first dam which was constructed across
the Potomac did not give sufficient water; but
that has been rectified.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to accept this amendment:
Provided further, Thatall "water rents derived from
the Washington aqueduct shall be applied to the
improvement and repair of the same, and to no other
purpose, until otherwise provided by law.
Mr. COOK. I think that is fair. For the
purpose of giving some information I move to
strike out the last word. The first dam across
the Potomac rive;- at Great Falls did not, I
think, give sufficient water. A dain was built
across the creek ; and the water of the creek
and water-shed was turned into the reservoir.
Since the change of engineering there has been
a change in the dam at Great Falls ; a dam has
been constructed which does give an ample
flow of water ; so that we are not now depend-
ent upon the water shed. If my amendment
be adopted and carried out the reservoir can
be filled either from the Potomac or from the
creek. If the water of one is muddy the other
can be used. The lower reservoir can then be
filled either from the upper reservoir or from
the Potomac river by means of a connecting
conduit. Thus, in any event, so far as I can
see, we shall get rid of the turbid water.
Mr. PAINE. Does the water now used in
thecity of Washington come from the Potomac?
Mr. COOK. It does.
The .substitute, as modified, was read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions how he proposes to apply these water
rents. If I understood correctly they go into
the city treasury. Does he propose that the
city authorities, who have possession of these
water rents, shall apply them to the purposes
here specified?
Mr. DAWES. There is a provision of the
general law making General Michler the super-
intendent. lie will have the entire control of
this work.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not the gentleman
willing, as these water rents are about equal
to the amount of this appropriation, which are
intended for the coming fiscal year—is he not
willing that these water rents, when collected,
shall be applied to making the improvements
and repairs which have been indicated?
Mr. DAWES. 1 am desirous of getting this
new main, which is necessary in order to sup-
ply the city itself with water. If it were not
for that I think it would be a good idea to
apply these water rents as the gentleman sug-
gests.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding a proviso that these
water rents shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States instead of into the treasury
of this city. Perhaps it will be necessary to
anticipate these water rents for this purpose.
They amount, as I understand, to as large a
sum as we are asked to appropriate for the
ensuing year. Perhaps they will not come in
time for this work, which it is desirable to have
made now. What objection is there, or can
there be, to reimbursing the Treasury when
they do come in, as it seems they are ample
for that purpose?
Mr. COOIv. I assure the gentleman and
this committee that the adoption of that
amendment would have the reverse effect of
what is intended. We propose that the city
shall put down a thirty-six inch main, and we
can only require the city to do that because the
city receives these water rents. If we appro-
priate these water rents, by requiring them to
be paid into the United States Treasury, we
cannot then require the city to put down a
thirty-six inch main, which is necessary for the
purpose of supplying the city with water.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why should not t'i."se
water rents be applied for this purpose? Tii se
repairs may be made hereafter. I can see oo
objection, as we are making the payment out
of the Treasury of the United States, that these
water rents shall go into the Treasury ot' the
United States instead of into the city treasury.
I therefore have moved the amendment that
these water rents shall be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States instead of into the
city treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. COOK. I wish to state that these water
rents have been used by the city for the pur-
pose of laying down distribution pipes, and if
therefore they be appropriated as the gentle-
man suggests there will be no money left for
that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Government cer-
tainly ought not to have imposed upon it the
trouble of laying pipes for the distribution of
water to private houses.
Mr. WELKBR. This is a matter of import-
ance to the city of Washington. The water-
pipes along the city streets the Government
does not pay for, nor for the pipes connecting
with the main for the distribution of water to
private houses. In order to reimburse the city
for taking care of those connecting pipes we
allowed the city to levy a tax in the way of
water rents, and it would be wroug, therefore,
to take these water rents realized irom the use
of water and to appropriate them to these
reservoirs.
Mr. BEAMAN. The collecting of these
water rents under the law is provided for by
this city. It is done under city ordinances and
by city officers. Now, if the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri should be adopted,
providing for the payment of these water rents
in the United States Treasury,' he must see that
there will be no machinery left for the collec-
tion of these water rents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. According to the proviso
of the chairman of the committee, these water
rents are to be appropriated for the repairs of
these water-works. Now, I do not see why
the water rents should not be collected as here-
tofore, or why they should not be paid into the
United States Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes G, noes 52 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. No further count being
asked for, the amendment to the amendment
is rejected.
The substitute was then adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy-yard in Boston:
For repairs ot buildings and repairs ot all kinds,
eioo.ooa.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
what was the appropriation for that purpose
last year ?
Mr. DAWES. One hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move
to amend by striking out "$100,000,"' in line
five hundred and sixty-seveu, and inserting
''$50,000; so that the paragraph will read:
Navy-yard at Boston: .
For repairs ot buildings anu repairs of all Kinds,
Sou.uoa.
It seems to me that we are very extravagant,
in these appropriations. We have been from
year to year making very large appropriations
for these navy-yards, but it seems that the more
we give the more they want. I do think it
would be better for the country, and as well
for our Navy service, if we tried them ior a
time on short rations for a few years. There-
