1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3923
lowing bills, iti which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
lo certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers ;
A bill (H. R. Mo. 2100) for the relief of
Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county, Texas,
and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county, State
of Alabama, of all political disabilities ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2101) granting a pension
to Dolly Brown ; and
A bill-(H. R. No. 2102) granting a pension
to Jacob Gates.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1666) for the relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2002) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the ship Nightingale;
A bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal the pre-
amble of an act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April 21, 1870;
A bill (H. R. No. 2063) to authorize the
reduction of the width of an alley in square
No. 370 in the city of Washington; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2065) to further amend
the law of the District of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings, and to preserve records
of marriages therein.
steam machinery contracts.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
liesolvad, That the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment are hereby directed to inquire into and
report upon the contracts of the Navy Department
for steam machinery made by the late chief of tho
Bureau of Steam Engineering, and whether said con-
tracts hare been performed, and in what condition
said machinery has been accepted by the Depart-
ment, and what use has been made of tho same, and
what settlements, if any, have been made with the
contractors therefor.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pen'sions:
A bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2101) gianting a pension
to Dolly Brown ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2102) granting a pension
to Jacob Gates.
The bill (H. R. No. 2100) for the relief of
Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county, Texas,
and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county, State
of Alabama, of all political disabilities, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
adjourned ; the adjournment being, under the
order adopted yesterday, till'Tucsday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 28, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. ra.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
telegraph companies.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Mcxolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to inform the House whether
any of the telegraph companies having offices in the
city of New York have refused or neglected to re-
port to the proper assessor the amount of their gross
receipts as required by law.
call op this house.
Mr. BURR. There is evidently no quorum
here. I move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 33, noes 31.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that by unanimous
consent the motion for a call will be withdrawn
so that the pension bill for the soldiers of the
war of 1812 may be taken up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot inter-
rupt the roll-call to ask unanimous consent for
any purpose.
The call of the roll was resumed and con-
eluded, when the following members failed to
answer to their names:
Messrs. Ames, Archcr, Ay er, Banks, Barnum, Barry,
Beaman. Benjamin. Benton. Boles. Bowen, Boyd,
James Brooks, Buck, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Cleveland, AmasaCobb, Cook, Covode,
Crebs, Davis. Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery.Dyer,
Eldridge, Ferry, Garfield, ttilfillan, Haldeman,
Ilamill, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hays, 11 on ton, Hoge,
Hotelikiss, Thomas L. J ones, J ulian, Lailin, Lough-
ridge, MCcsrthy,McCormick. Mercur, AJilnes, Jesse
II. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. JXorrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Myers, Newsham, Packer, Palmer,
Phelps, Piatt. Poland. Porter, Santord, Schumaker,
Lionel A.Sheldon, Shober.Slocum, William J. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strader, Svvann, Taylor, Townsend,
Trimble, Twichell, A"an Aukcn, Van Ilorn, Van
Trump. Van Ws'ck, Voorhees. Cadvvalader C. Wash-
burn, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winchester, Wood, and
Woodward.
The SPEAKER. A quorum of members
have answered to their names.
Mr. BURR. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
relief from disabilities.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced abill (H. R. No. 2100) for the relief of
Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county, Texas,
and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county, State
of Alabama, of all political disabilities; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STOKES. The bill is simply to correct
an error. These men have had their disabil-
ities removed, but in the Texas case Upshur
county was put in place of Harrison county,
and in the other case Colbert county, Tennes-
see, was put in in place of Colbert county,
Alabama.
The bill, which was read, provides for re-
moving all political disabilities imposed by the
provisions of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
upon Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county,
Texas, and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county,
Alabama, for participation in the late rebellion.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian depredations in texas.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to present a memorial from three hundred and
fifty citizens of the northwestern frontier of
the State of Texas, relative to Indian depreda-
tions, and praying for relief. I ask that the
memorial be printed, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indians Affsfirs, to be
considered in connection with a resolution
upon the same subject introduced by me some
days since.
Mr. KELSEY. Why not file the petition
with the Clerk under the rule?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks that
it be printed.
No objection was made and accordingly
the printing of the memorial was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The memorial can be filed
under the rule with the Clerk.
Mr. CONNER. Very well; all I desire is
to get it properly before the committee.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I took the floor a few min-
utes ago for the purpose of proceeding with the
tax bill. I declined to call up that bill, because
I understood that there was great desire to
have a morning hour to-day. I therefore took
my seat, contented with demanding the .regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness would be the bill the gentleman has in
charge.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will waive the call for
the regular order of business in favor of the
morning hour business, unless the time is to
be consumed otherwise.
The SPEAKER. By general consent the
tax bill will be postponed until after the morn-
ing hour to-day.
No objection was made ;,and it was ordered
accordingly.
railroads in indian territory.
Mr. AVHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad House bill No. 1390, to incor-
porate the Kansas, Indian territory, and Gulf
Railway Company, and to enable the Missouri
River, Fort Scott, and Gulf, and the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railway Com-
panies to unite upon and construct a single
track through the Indian territory, to reach the
Gulf, with certain amendments, to be printed
and recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I objec.t.
southern transcontinental railway.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad House bill No. 1620, to incor-
porate the Southern Transcontinental Railway
Company, and granting the right of way and
lands in aid of its construction, with certain
amendments, to be printed and recommitted.
_ Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. RANDALL ob-
jected.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour will now
commence, at twenty-two minutes before twelve
o'clock. The first business in order during
this morning hour, to-day being Saturday, is
the consideration of reports of a private nature
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812.
levi m. roberts.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, re-
ported adversely upon House bill No. 612,
granting a pension to Levi M. Roberts, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the same
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
edward kindred.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon House bill No.
859, for the relief of Edward Kindred, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the same
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
adverse reports on petitions.
Mr. WILLARD also moved that the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812 be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the following, and that the same
be laid on the table:
The petition and papers in the case of the
claim of Susan Young for a pension;
The petition of J. W. Pierce, Judge S. L.
Withey, and fifty others, of Grand Rapids,
Michigan, in favor of a pension to Zerah Whit-
ney, a soldier of the war of 1812; and
The petition of Samuel Worcester, of Leb-
anon, Maine, for a pension for services in the
war of 1812.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
