1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
it I would. I do not think he counted the money.
1 do not remember whether I counted the money.
I think I handed the $100 to the man who brought it.
Question. State what I said as to where the money
came from.
Answer. I do not think I can state particularly; I
understood this much, thatit was no this own money;
he said it came from somebody up in New York, or
Now Jersey, or some place up there, but the gentle-
man s name I do not remember; it seemed to be for
favors that Judge Butler had done for these parties,
which it was perfectly right for him to do, and they
in return were willing to do sonrething for the Union
cause. I do not remember that the conversation
went to show what particular thing it was that had
been done. I think Mr. Butler objected to tak-
ing the money on the ground that it might be con-
strued that he was taking pay for things he ought
not to do.
Question. Didlnotstatethatlhadappointed Gen-
eral Tyler's son to a cadetship at the instance of the
Secretary of War, and would not take the money
lest it might be construed that I had taken pay for
making that appointment?
Ansioer. I think very likely; I know you expressed
a tear lest if you had anything to do with that money
it would be construed that you had taken it for some
wrong purpose.
Question. State whether, when this man complained
about not being paid for his troublo, I did or did not
tell him he had better keep all the money.
# Answer. 1 think you did; and I think I rather ob-
jected to that. I recollectwhen he said ho had been
at a good deal of trouble you replied that ho had
better take it all then, that it was not for your ben-
efit; that is about the language you used.
Question. Had you been drinking then, or were you
sober?
Answer. "Well, I had been drinking.
By Mr. Logax:
Question. Do you know who this man was that left
the money?
Ansioer. I had never seen him before that time,
and I have never seen him since; he was a tolerably
large man; he was introduced to me as " General"
somebody.
Question. Estc?
Answer. Yes; that is the name.
Question. What was said about that money afterhe
leit the room?
Answer. Afterhe left, or just before, I forget which,
Mr. Sawyer came in and wanted to borrow some
money; he sawthatrollof billson the table, andsaid
he had come just m good time, and grabbed hold of
the money; I told him to take what he wanted; but
Butler said, " l)on't take that; v don't belong to
me; it is intended for other us«." Mr. Butler then
went back into another room and got some other
money and let Mr. Sawyer have it.
Question, llow long did General Estc stay after Mr.
Sawyer came in?
That I do not recollcct.
By Mr. Butler :
Question. After General Este went out did I not
say I was very sorry that yon took the money—1
would rather you would have given it back to
him?
Answer. There was a good deal of conversation
about the money; but what it was! donotreineipber
distinctly.
Question. What was done with the money?
Answer. After awhile you rolled the money up and
laid it away. But before that you wanted me to tako
the money, and I would not; then you rolled it up,
and said we would meet at Nashville, at the conven-
tion, and fix upon some plan to dispose ol this money
then.
Question. State whether or not I told you to take
that money and keep it until the convention con-
vened, and if you said no—that you were on a^pree,
and if you had the money about you you would
i-'pend it; but that I must keep it until the conven-
tion met, and there divide it among the newspapers.
_ Answer. That is very Iikc^what 1 would say, but
i do not remember what 1 did say.
Question. How long after the inauguration, accord-
ing to your memory, did this occurrence take place?
Awnver. It must have been three or four weeks.
I think two or three weeks, more probably.
Question. Do you remember the amount of the
money ?
Answer. The gentleman said there was $1,000.
Question. Do you remember how much was paid
back ?
Answer. Oh, yes; $100; that was what he asked
for: I forget whether I picked up the money and
handed it to him or whether ho himself took itfrom
the money on the table.
Quest-ion. Do you remember insisting on my taking
the money ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I recollect that distinctly.
Question. Do >ou recollect the fact of our news-
paper at Nashville being sold out, so we had to start
the State Journal there?
Answer. Oh, yes, sir; I remember that very well.
By Mr. Sloouii:
Qw*tion. How long have you been in this city?
Answer. Five weeks; not all the time—I went to
Philadelphia and stayed four or live days.
Question. Were you here when this investigation
commenced?
Answer. No, sir; I was in Philadelphia.
Question. Were you here when Mr. Butler's case
wits fust brought before the committee?
Answer. No, sir; I was absent.
Question. What is your business in Wasnington?
Answer. My business here is to collect a claim
against tho Government for commissary and quar-
termaster's stores.
Question. Were you present when the money was
brought into Mr. Butler's room?
Ansxcer. Yes, sir.
Question. And you cannot recall to mind what the
money was for?
Answer. There was a good deal of talk over the
matter, I know; but I cannot recollect what th£ gen-
tleman first said in oifering the money.
Question. Do you rccollect Mr. Butler's offering
him $100?
Answer. The man asked for $100.
Question. Did you approve of his taking that?
Answer. I think I did.
Question. And you cannot tell what he was enti-
tled to it for?
Answer. No, I cannot.
Question. Where was the money at this time?
Aii8v>er. On the table.
Question. Who finally took it?
Answer. Mr. Butler rolled it up and put it away.
Question. Did you ever hear any more of it?
Answer. No more, except that itwas to be usedfor
the campaign and for the benefit of the newspapers.
I never thought much more about it any way; I do
not know that lever askeda question about it again.
Question. Had you ever known of money being
raised and sent down therein that way before for
such purposes?
Answer. Oh, yes, often; we have raised money in
Washington and Philadelphia and New York and
sent it down there.
Question. It generally came in the shape of con-
tributions, did it not?
Answer. Yes, sir; but generally some one man
would pay it over.
Question. But was it not rather an unusual thing
for $1,000 to be sent at once m that way?
Answer. Yes; rather an unusual thing.
Question. Have you had any talk with Judge But-
ler since?
Answer. Not at all; that is, not until yesterday.
By Mr. Witcher:
Question. You say the Judge took the money and
put it away?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did he hesitatewhenhetookthemoney?
Answer. Yes, sir. He wanted me to take tho money
and take it home, but I would not do it. I told him
to keep it until the convention met. I said I would
not take the money—I did not feel that it would be
safe; I refused to tako it, and insisted that he should
keep it.
By Mr. Butler :
Question. When Mr. Sawyer came in did he not
say he wanted twenty dollars for Mr. Hamilton, of
Georgia?
Ansioer. I knowhe said hewanteditforsomebody.
I was going to let Sawyer have the money lrom the
roll on the table, but Mr. Butler said he would loan
his own money; that that on the table was not his.
Question. Alter Este left the room did I not say" I
am sorry you took that money; I rather you would
not have done it?"
Ansioer. My recollection is you were not satisfied,
and feared lest some harm might grow out of it.
Question. Did I not wantyou the next morning to
take that money and divide it among the papers?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And did you not say you wore on a spree,
and did not feel that it would be safe to carry much
money about you?
Answer. I do not recollect distinctly what I did
say; 1 know you asked me to take it, and I refused.
Dandridue, Tennessee, February 23, 1870.
DijarSir: Yours of 21st instant to hand. You ask
if I recollect a conversation we had about appointing
someonein this district to WestPoint. Idorecollect
it perfectly, tor 1 asked you to have a son of Henry
Harris, a relative of mine, appointed,as he seemed,
anxious to go. Some time afterward I withdrew
his name, as I found him intemperate. At the timo
I wrote you to withdraw his name I looked around
to see if there was any one in my district I could
recommend, and did not know of one that I thought
would bectr the examination. You know that our
boy&, many of them, grew up during the war, and
having no schools during the same were wholly des-
titute of an education that would have admitted
them at West Point. I only speak of so far as my
knowledge goes; but such was the general fact. In
the petition of Reuben Thomas I believe his age
was left out; he is seventeen or eighteen yeaisold.
Write me when you have the time; always glad to
hear from you.
WILLIAM HARRIS.
Hon. R. R. Butler.
Blountville, January 25,1370.
Dear Sir: Your letter of the 21st instant reached
me yesterday, and in reply to which I can only say
to you and all others concerned that in the spring of
1869, if I remember correctly, you tendered to me a
cadetship at West Point lor ray son William E. Mui-
lonni, which offer I did not accept, on the ground
that he could not pass the examination required of
applicants for admission into military academics.
My recollection is now that you asked me if I knew
of some other person suitable for such appointment.
I do not now remember of suggesting the name oi any
one; think I did not name any one for the appoint-
ment. Since that I do not remember of hearing the
letter * named 'm any way I received your
Very respectfully, yours,
WILLIAM MULLENNI,
Hon. K. R. Bbtlee, Blountville,
House of liepresentatives, Washington, D. C.
Jonesborouqh, Tennessee,
February 24,1870.
Dear Sir: I was away from home when your let-
ter of the 21st reached here. In reply: "when I was
in Washington, in the spring of 1869, you said to mo
that you waited a young man from your district to
go to West Point, and requested me to find one suit-
able, and I promised to do so. After some inquiry J
reported to you my failure to get one that wanted
the position and who could undergo tho examina-
tion.
Very respectfully, JOHN H. FAIN".,
Hon. R. R. Butler.
Washington, March 7,1870.
John M. Schofield sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Please state your age, residence, and
occupation.
Answer. I am thirty-eight years of age; reside ia
St. Louis; am major general in the United States
Army.
Question. Please state to the committee, in refer-
ence to tho matter of the appointment of General
Tyler's son to the Military Academy at West Point,
what yon said, if anything, to Judge Butler of
Tennessee to induce, or having a tendency to induce,
him to make that appointment.
Answer. Well, gentlemen, since I first heard the
purpose for which I was requested to come before
you I have thought over the matter as carefully as
possible, but have not been able to recall my con-
versation with Mr. Butler or with any other per-
son upon that suojcct. I do not, however, by that
wish to be understood as saying that I had no con-
versation of that character with him; it is barely
possible that a few words upon the subject mayhavo
passed botween us; but I am very certain nothing in
tho shape of any application on the part of any par-
ticular individual could have been made to mo; if
such had been tho case it is impossible that I could
have forgotten it.
Question. So far, then, as the appointment of Gen-
eral Tyler's son to West Point is concerned you did
not urge it, and had nothing to do with it ?
Aubwer. So far from that being the case, I did not
know until I saw it in the papers a few days ago that
General Tyler's son had ever been appointed or had
ever applied for an appointment, or, indeed, thai
General Tyler had a son even. I ought, perhaps, to
add in that connection that the Secretary ot Wor ha*
almost absolutely nothing to do with these appoint-
ments. The appointments at large are made by tho
President; the appointments from the districts are
made by the Congressman from each congressional
district. Even the signature of the Secretary of
War is generally stamped upon the appointment by
tho clerk. I do not think I know the name even of
any cadet appointed while I was Secretary, except-
ing those of a few of the cadcts at large who were
appointed by the President in my own presence.
By Mr. Butler:
Question. Do you recollect my being there shortly
after your arrival, talking about matters connected
with the East Tennessoo and Virginia and East Ten-
nessee and Georgia railroads?
Answer. Iknow there werepersons there frequently
to consult upon matters connected with thoso rail-
roads; it is difficult for me to approximate the exact
date. I do remember that Judge Butlkr was one of
the members lrom Tennessee who conversed with
me on that important subject.
Question. Do you remember the last conversation
we had upon the subject of the road—that I told you
Mr. Calloway had telegraphed that there was a rumor
that the road would be seized, and that you remarked
it would not be done during Mr. Johnson's adminis-
tration, because he had signified that himselt?
Ansioer. I remember that some sueh remark was
made, and some apprehension expressed by some-
body m Tennessee, and that I gave some such assur-
ance. Whether it was Mr. Butler or not I am not
able to say.
Question. Do you remember,in relation to the cadet-
ships, saying anything like this: that the object was
to fill the school with bright, intelligent boys, who
should reflect credit and honor upon tho country ?
Answer. I do not; it is very likely, however, that
I may have said so, for I understand that to be the
object of tho school.
Question. Do you remember having any conversa-
tion with General Tyler at all?
Answer. I have a very indistinct impression that
Idid see General Tyler: if so,my conversation with
him was very casual. I never saw him but once, I
think, unless I did see him there in the War Office.
1 certainly had no important conversation with him.
I have no recollection of the time. Tho impression
upon my mind is so slight that I would have said
that General Tyler had never been in my office nati
I noc been so informed by somebody else who was
present at the time. Having been so imorineci, i.
think I can recall an indistinct impression or ins
being there. In business hours I was occupied wita
important matters, and would not naturally recol-
lect a casual visit. , _ , ■ 
Question. Do you remember General Mte saj.m0
anything to you in reference to the matter i
