2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Answer. I reoollcct that General Este was in my
office several times, but I do not recollect any con-
versation with Mm on the subject ot cadet appoint-
ments. I£I had any such conversation it must have
been of a very general and unimportant cbaractcr,
at least to me, nowever important it seemed to him
or to others.
The following statement was submitted to
the corapitfcee by Mr. Butler :
Whep I camo to the Fortieth Congress I was noti-
fied that there was a vacancy from my district, both
in the Military Academy at "West Point and in the
Naval Academy at Annapolis. I sent out to tne dis-
trict to my friends to see if they couldfindsomeyoung
men to fill the places. I found that Charles Smith,
of Granger county, in my district, had a son, an in-
telligent boy,-who it was thought could undergo an
examination, and I nominated him to the Military
Academy at West Point. William Galbreath, of Jef-
ferson connty, in my district, wrote to me stating that
ho had a son whom he would like to have appointed
to theNaval Academy at Annapolis. I immediately
nominated him for the position. The parents of
these two young men took them up to West Point
and Annapolis for examination, and they both were
rejected by the board because their education was
not sufficient. Believing that injustice bad been done
to them X went to the War Department and tried to
get-a reexamination for them, but was informed that
that could not be dono under any circumstances. I
then wrote to every county in my district to my
friends to* find somo young men to accept these
positions who could pass an examination. I also
went to Colonel Crawford in porson, who was well
acquainted with the people of my district, and asked
of him if he "knew or could find any young- men in my
district who would take the positions. Some three
weeks afterward he informed me he had made every
effort and could not find any one who could undergo
the necessary examination. William Harris, of
Dandridge, m my district, in answer to my letter
making inquiry, wiote me to appoint a son of Henry
Harris, and 1 immediately wrote to send me his name
and age, and that X would make the appointment;
but in a day or two he wrote mo not to appoint him,
as ho was of bad habits. X received answers to my
various letters requesting my friends to find young
men for thoso places, all saying that owing to all tho
schools being closed dming tho wax tho yuung men
were not sufficiently advanced to pass the examina-
tion. Judge Samuel Milligan, one of the judges of
the Court of Claims, and a citizen ot my district, came
to mc and asked mo to appoint his son to tho Naval
Academy, as he believed his son, having had some
superior udvantages, could pass the necessary exam-
ination. I told him X would do so with pleasure, and
that his son could either go to West Point or Annap-
olis ; that X had made every effort and could find no
one to take those places who could pass. Ho pre-
ferred tho Naval Academy for his son, and X gavo
him the appointment. Judge Milligan being exten-
sively acquainted in my district, I requested him to
see if he could find or think of any ono who would
accept the position, and ho promised me he would
do so. I saw him somo time afterward, and ho in-
formed mc ho could not fmd or think ot any ono who
could pans the neecssary examination.
X received a letterlromthcWar Department, noti-
fying me if I did not nominate somo one to till tho
vacancy at WestPoint that the sumo would be filled
tor mo. Xn the month of February, 1869, a member
of tho TIonso of Representatives came to my scat
while tho House was in session and informed me ho
wanted to introduce me to General EsJc, a friend ot
his, and he took mc to tho door and introduced us.
lie told mo General Este was a gentleman, and that
any favors X could extend to him would bo duly
appreciated by him. General Efte slated to me that
lie had learned from the Secretary of War that there
was a vacancy m tho Military Academy from my dis-
trict. I told hitu there was, and that X had made every
offort within my power to have it, tilled. He stated
to me that General Tyler, an oldArmy officer, had a
very promising son, and that ho (Tyler; desired to
srivo him a military education, and ho called to seo
if L would not appoint young Tyler to tho position.
X told him that I could not appoint him, as the
appointment would not bo lecognizcd by tho War
Department, as General Tyler was not a citizen of
mv district, and, impossible, [ wanted to find somo
ono m iny district to 111 I the place, lie said that
General Tyler had no residence, and that the Secre-
tary of War and himself had a. conversation about
the appointment ot young* T>lor, and that it would
prove very ^ratifying to the Sucrotaiy of War if I
would appoint him. X told him 3 would go up to
the War Department and sco the SecrcUiry upon
tho subject. Tho next morning X called at the War
Department to havo an interview with the Secretary
relative to the East Tennessee and Georgia and East
Tennessee and Virginia railroads, and during tho in-
terview he meutioned the appoiutinontof youngTylcr
to mo. saying he was the son of an old Army officer and
of unusual promise, and that his appointment would
be very gratifying to him. X told him that General
TyW was not a citizen of my district, and that tho
appointment would not bo recognized; but he re-
marked that a residence could be acquired in a very
.-.hort time, and that such had been the practice of
the Government; that the great object was to fill the
school with sprightly boys who would do honor to
the couniry. After the conversation relative to the
xuilroads, just as I was about to retire, I remarked
to him if tho appointment met his approbation, and
would bo of any gratification to him X would make
it. He said it would meet his approbation and he
would bo much gratified if X would make it. In a
day or two afterward General Este came to seo me
again relative to the matter, and I told him I had
been to see the Secretary of War about the appoint-
ment, and that he said he would be much gratified
if I would give it to young Tyler, and that! had
promised him X would do so. General Este thanked
me very kindly, and said that I would never regret
it, as young Tyler was an unusually promising young
man. J told him that General Schofield had been
very kind to me relativo to our railroads, and that
when he made tho request, having no ono from my
district to take the position, I was gratified to havo
it in my power to accommodate him. Xtold General
Esto to go to the Secretary of War and get the neces-
sary papers and that I would make the appointment.
He said he would do so; and in a short time returned
with the necessary papers, and I made the appoint-
ment. lie asked mo to state on tho paper for the
communication from the Secretary of War to be sent
to mo here, and that he would go up and get the
appointment and send it to General Tyler, which I
presumed he did, as X never heard of it afterward.
In the month of March following, some time after
the inauguration of President Grant, General Este
came to my room ono evening about dark. I asked
him to tako a seat, after introducing him to Colonel
Spence and E. A. Sawyer, of Tennessee, who were m
the room, when he came in- He said he wanted to
seo mo on a little business privately, and I told him
to so on and tell what it was, as those present were
all friends from Tennessee. Ho said General Tyler
wanted to recognize tho kind act I had done in nom-
inating: his son to West Point, by sending down some
money to help in tho campaign in Tennessee. I told
him that I did not want any recognition of that
kind, that I had made the appointmentat therequest
of General Schoficld, and that I would not receive
one cent of money for any purpose. He insisted that
I should tal^o it and help mo in my election; but I
told him I had no election on hand, as I had been
reelected a few months before; he still insisted, and
said the election for Governor was coming on in-the
State, and to send it down and let it bo used in that
election and help the newspapers. I told him that I
would not tako it, as it was coming from General
Tyler ; that I had appointed his son to West X'oint,
and it might bo construed that I made the appoint-
ment on mercenary motives. Colonel Spence inter-
posed and said to me, "You got to take it, because
we are going to have a hard time down there in our
election, and you know a few of us have to support
our newspapers," and remarked, "You know X have
paid $3,000 toward our newspapers lately, and I in-
sist on your taking it for the papers." I informed
him that I would havo nothing to do with it; then
lie said he would take it, and for General Este to pull
it out, and asked him how much it was. and he said
about a thousand dollars, and pulled the money out.
General Este said that he had been at a good deal of
trouble to accommodate his friend, General Tyler;
and 1 told him yes, and that ho ought to keep that
money for his trouble; ho said a hundred dollars
would satisfy him, and Colonel Spence took up a
hundred-dollar bill from tho table and handed it to
him, which ho accepted and put in his pocket. I
told Colonel Spence to give it all back to him, and
Spence said no, he was going to uso it in the Ten-
nessoo election. General Esto got up and left. E.
A. Sawyer said to me ho wanted me to loan him
twenty dollars for Dr. Hambleton, of Georgia, for a
few days, and Colonel JSpence took a twenty-dollar
bill of this money and handed it to Sawyer; but I
told him not to do that, not to uso any of that money
that way, and went to my trunk, unlocked it, and
got twenty dollars, and loaned it to him, which ho
afterward paid me by having tho amount placed to
mv credit at the Exchange and Deposit Bank, Xvnox-
villo, Xennessoc. E. A. Sawyer left tho room, and
Spence and myself remained; and when Colonel
Spcnccwenttolcavctho moneywa-? stillonthc table,
and ho said to mo to take charge of the money; I told
him X would havo nothing to do with it, and that I
was sorry ho tookit. Ho remarked to mc, "You know
mo; if I have that money and get on a spree i would
spend it in ono night, or givo it to the first person
who asked me for it, and I don't know when I will
get home; you tako it and bring it over to tho con-
vention, and we will give it to our newspapers."
lvnowing Colonel Spcncc well, having served with
him in the State senate, and he being a little intox-
icated that evening, I took the money and put it
away.
After Congress adjourned in April I remained at
Washington looking after the interest of our Ten-
nessee railroads, and went directly Irom here to our
StateconvcntioninMay. Our convention was a very
boisterous one, and the result was there were two
candidatesfor Governor claimingto be Republicans.
The Press and Times, the leading Republican paper
in the State, was bought up by tho enemies of Gen-
eral Stokes, and it became necessary to establish a
paper in the interest of General Stokes. Of the §900
as aforesaid I appropriated $500 to said paper. There
was a debt of $^0 upon the New Era, a Republican
paper published in East Tennessee. Outof said fund
I satisfied said debt, which left a balance of $120 in
my hands, ol which sum I gave $100 to the Union
Elag, a Republican paper at Jonesborough, East Ten-
nessee, which left tweuty dollars in my hands. A few
days beioie the election, and after the tickets had
been printed and distributed, George Wells, of Haw-
kins county, was brought out by tho Republicans for
tii© Legislature, believing that the Republican can-
didate then in the field could not be successful,
thereby making it necessary to have new tickets
printed, and I apprppriated the said twenty dollars
Jwrthatpuipose, which exhausted the whole amount,
I never appropriated one cent of that money to my
own use, and that no money was offered me, directly
or indirectly, for tho appointment of young Tyler,
and that General Esto nor no other person ever
offered me money, directly or indirectly, or any
other consideration to make said appointment; and
if X committed an error it was one of judgment and
not of intention. While the presumption is that
every one knows the general laws, I never had my
attention directed to the statute.
Peeling that I did all within my power to pi ocure
an appointee from mydistrict, and knowing that I
neither hoped to or did receive any consideration
directly or indirectly for said appointment, I sub-
mit my case to tho committee and the House, be-
lieving they will do what is just and right in the
premises. R« R* BUTLER.
Mr. STOUGHTGN. I call the previous ques -
tion on the pending resolution and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was on agreeing
to the amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, offered by Mr. Logan, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "resolved," in the
original resolution and insert the following: " That
Roderick R. Butler, a Representative in Congress
from the first congressional district of Tennessee, be,
and he is hereby, expelled from his seat as a mem-
ber of this House."
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 08, not
voting 51; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler. Archer,
Atwood, Ayer, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Buckley, Burchard, Cleveland,
Ainasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Crebs, Dawes, Dick-
inson, Donley, Dox, Duval, Eldridge, Earnsworth,
Eorry,FinkeInburg, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Ilaight,
Haldeman, Hale, tlambleton, Hamili, Hamilton,
Harris, Hay, Hays, Hill, Holman, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Judd, Xiellogg, Kerr, Ivetcham, Ivnapp,
Knott, Lallin, Logan, Lynch, Mayham, McCormicl:,
McGrew, J esse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Mor-
rill. Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth.I^acker, Palmer, Inland,
Pomcroy, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeve?, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod, Slocum, John A.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson. Stiles,
Stone, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Tanner,
Trimble,Tyncr, Upson,Van Trump, Voorhces, Ward,
Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Welkcr, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Asper,Banks.Beam:in,
Bennett, Boles, Booker, Bowcn, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Butlinton, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
Clarke. Clinton L. Cobb,Cook,Covode, Dickcy, Dock-
ery, Ela, li'erriss, Fisher, Pitch, Hawkins, Hawloy,
Hcaton, Hetiin, Hoar, Alexander II. Jones, Julian,
ltd ley, Kelsey, Loughridgc, Maynard, McCarthy,
McKee, MeIvonzie,Mereur, Morphis, Daniel J.Mor-
rcll, Myers, Negley, Packard, Paine, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, l'latt, Proper, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Schem k, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Wil-
liam J. Smith, Starkweather, Stoke®, Stoughton,
Townsend, Twichell, Van Horn, Van Wyck, William
B. Washburn, Wilkinson, John T. Wilson, and Wi-
nans—OS.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arncll, Axtell.Bai-
ley, Benton. Bingham, Boyd, Buck, tturdett, Burr,
Benjamin Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Calkin,
CowIps, Cox, Cullom, Davis, Dixon, Dyer, Eox, Gib-
son, Gilfillan, Iloge, Hooper, lXotchkiss, Thomas L.
J ones,Lash, Lawrence,Marshall, McCrary,McNeely,
Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Morris-
&ev, Mungen, Porter. Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schu-
maker, Joseph S. Smith. William Smyth, Sweeney,
Tafi'e. Tillman, Van Auken, Winchester, Witchcr,
Wood, and Woodward—51.
So the amendment, in the nature of a sub-
stitute, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendment having
been agreed to, the question recurs on agreeing
to the resolution as amended. Under the Con-
stitution of the United States it requires the con-
currence of two thirds of the House to expel
a member. The amendment having been
adopted, the House is now brought to a direct
vote on the resolution of expulsion. The Clerk
will report the resolution as it is now submitted
for the action of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
llesohed. That Roderick R. Butler, aRoprosent-
ative in Congress from the first congressional district
of Tennessee, be, and he is hereby, expelled from his
seat as a member o! this House.
Air. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I wish to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If this resolution fail to
receive a two-thirds vote will it be in order
then to submit the original resolution?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can offer
it again, on the modification of a single word,
to allow it to be introduced.
