4868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
foro I move—and I hope the House will
with me—that -we appropriate no more than
$50,000 this year for this navy-yard. I am in
favor of cutting down the whole of these appro-
priations for our navy-yards. Those we have
made during the last ten years, I am inclined
to think, have been in a considerable degree
wasted.
Mr. SARGENT. I beg to state to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that the amount in the
estimates for this navy-yard was §747,341,
nearly $800,000; and the Committee on Ap-
propriations have recommended but §100,000.
If that is not pursuing economy with a ven-
geance it seems to me the example of it is
offered by the gentleman from Missouri. I
think that simple statement of the amount esti-
mated and the amount recommended for appro-
priation is a sufficient answer to the gentleman's
argument.
Mr. McCORMICK. of Missouri. It is a very
strong argument in favor of my proposition.
If the committee in their wisdom are disposed
to cut down the estimates to one seventh, this
only affords the stronger evidence that in our
action here we are not to be governed by the
book of estimates sent down to this House.
The question was put on the amendment of
Mr. McCokmick, of Missouri; and it was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy-yard Jit Norfolk:
For preservation of tho yard, and tho nccessary
repairs of all kinds, £30,01)0.
Mr. PjLATT. Mr. Chairman, I offer this
amendment: in line five hundred and sev-
enty-six strike out "thirty" and insert "fifty."
Whatever may be the ultimate fate of other
navy-yards in this country, the Norfolk navy-
yard will continue to be used for its present
purposes, and its great and overshadowing
natural advantages will eventually make it the
principal navy-yard, not only of this country,
but of the world—a monument of tho power
and genius of our country and the admiration
of other nations. True economy demands the
appropriation of at least a sufficient amount
of money to properly repair and keep in con-
dition the buildings now in use, and this can-
not be done with a less amount than the sum
proposed by this amendment.
I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the estimates of the Secretary of the
Navy for new buildings and repairs to old ones
at the Norfolk navy yard for the next fiscal
year, as follows:
For workshop No. 39 $48,581
i?or plumbers' shop and iron store 
Kor gas-works Ho. 43 
For extension of orectiiig-shop 
For boiler-shoo Wo. 41..... 
Repairs to ordnance buildings  'J./oO
Repairs of all kinds  50,000
Total $253,312
To cover this estimate of $258,312 this bill
appropriates the sum ot $30,000, less than one
eighth of the estimate, and an amount totally
insufficient to properly fepair and prevent from
still greater damage and deterioration the build-
ings now in use. As is well known, this mag-
nificent yard was almost totally destroyed in
1861. It has since been partially rebuilt with
an economy and completeness that challenges
the admiration of any one who will examine
the details and compare the results attained
with the amount of expenditure, and entitles
the officers in charge to the highest commend-
ation ; it is an instance of results from Govern-
ment expenditures that will compare favorably
with any private enterprise ever conducted on
ibis continent.
Since the war very small appropriations have
been made for this yard, and buildings erected
during the war, after the United-States regained
the possession, have been allowed to run down
and deteriorate because Congress has failed to
furnish the means to properly preserve them.
If this process of decay is allowed to continue
much larger appropriations will be necessary
next year than are now required to put them in
perfect condition and repair. A private individ-
ual owning property equally valuable would not
hesitate for a moment to incur the necessary
expenditure to preserve his property; and I
trust that we shall not in this instance be guilty
of a false economy of which any good business
man would be ashamed. I urge the committee
to adopt this amendment, because true economy
demands that these valuable buildings should
be properly preserved, and the sum I have indi-
cated is the least amount with which the abso-
lutely necessary repairs can be made, because
the additional $20,000 for which 1 ask will, if
granted and expended now, save a much larger
expenditure in the future.
Prom personal knowledge and observation
I am enabled to assure the committee that the
sum proposed by the amendment is the smallest
amount for which the work of immediate press-
ing necessity can be done. The present struc-
tures in the yard require quite extensive repairs.
Many of them werebuiltby contract during the
hurry of war, are of inferior quality, and require
frequent and prompt repairs. The bridges and
most of the wooden wharves are in a bad con-
dition, and unless promptly attended to will
soon become useless. The amount asked for
is based on considerations of true economy. It
is eminently a case where a " stitch in time will
save nine," and my attempt to have the amount
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
increased is not prompted by personal or local
considerations, but is urged because I believe
that the interests of the whole country demand
that this Government property should be prop-
erly protected, and in this instance I happen to
have a personal knowledge of the facts I have
hastily and imperfectly presented. I sincerely
hope that the able chairman of the committee
reporting this hill will not oppose my amend-
ment, and that it may be the pleasure of the
House to adopt it.
1 make no claim of State or local benefit to
accrue from this expenditure. The property to
be improved belongs to the General Govern-
ment, and is situated on territory over which
the United States exercises exclusive jurisdic-
tion. I have and can have no object but the
interest of the Government in my desire to
have a sufficient amount appropriated for this
purpose, to accomplish the result for which
any appropriation at all is necessary. I appre-
ciate the desire of the Committee on Appro-
priations and of this House to avoid any ex-
travagant expenditures for any purpose, and
have cooperated with tbein as far as 1 could in
their effort to reduce the expenses in every
department of the Government; but the econ-
omy of a great nation is subject to the same
rules and governed by the same principles as
that of individuals, and he would be a poor
economist who to save the present expenditure
of a few thousand dollars would allow prop-
erty costing millions to go to destruction. Fifty
thouoand dollars is the smallest amount, which,
with the most careful economy and rigid watch-
fulness of expenditure, will be necessary to make
the repairs absolutely necessary to be made in
the next fiscal year to properly preserve the
public property at this navy-yard. A portion
of the amount is required, and will, if appro-
priated, be used in dredging the channels, and
is indispensably necessary for the removal of
the large deposits which have accumulated near
some of the principal wharves, and caused by
the wrecks sunk during the war near the dry-
dock. These wrecks have now been removed,
and the amount asked for this purpose is neces-
sary to obtain a depth of water sufficient lo
enable vessels to lie at wharves which are now
unapproachable and useless.
Mr. DAWES. I hope this increase may be
adopted at some future time. Without doubt
we shall have to enlarge and improve to a
great extent the works m our Norfolk yard:
but I think we cannot do this at the present
time.
The question was put on Mr. Platt's amend-
ment ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PLATT. Mr. Chairman, I offer the
following amendment:
Insert after lino five hundred and seventy-sjx .-
For workshop jSfo.39... 
For boiler-shop No. 41      oi.SI2
1'or repairs of ordnance building  9,700
Total .aii>,63«
Nature has been so bountiful in bestowing
unrivaled advantages on the region in which
the Norfolk navy-yard issituated that it is only
a question of time when this yard shall be the
principal navy-yard in the country. There
can be no future contingency of possible re-
moval or abolishment connected with the dis-
cussion of this question or of appropriations
necessary to increase the usefulness and effi-
ciency of this naval station. The question of
building now or at some future time the shops
necessary for the proper performance of work
sent there is one this House will have to deal
with, and one I propose to meet now by a com-
promise. The Bureau of Yards and Docks
estimate for $258,000 to be expended during
the next fiscal year in the erection of new and
necessary buildings, and I ask this committee
to compromise the matter and give us less than
one half the amount estimated for, which will
erect the buildings for which there is the most
pressing necessity, and we will wait until next
year for the balance.
In all the appropriation bills passed by this
House during the present session of Congress
not one dollar has been appropriated for the
benefit of Virginia, and unless this amendment
should prevail not one dollar can be appropri-
ated the expenditure of which will benefit our
people. Give us this small appropriation, and ^
its expenditure will benefit the loyal working-
men of Virginia, while at the same time we
exercise a wise and judicious economy, and
also benefit the whole country. It is better
and easier to make a portion of this expendi-
ture, which is inevitable at some time, now,
than to wait until it can no longer be avoided,
and we shall be compelled to make a much
greater outlay all at one time.
Without these buildings the work being done
at this yard cannot be so economically con-
ducted or so thoroughly performed ,as with
them. The yearly amount actually saved by
the proposed increased facilities and conven-
iences will pay a very large interest upon the
amount expended.
The first item, workshop No. 39, is designed
for the use of the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
At present there is no building m the yard that
can be appropriated for the civil engineer's
department, and his work is now done in a
small, inconvenient shop, badly located, and so
situated as to greatly increase the cost of work.
It is extremely desirable, and absolutely ne-
cessary for the exercise of economy, that this
building should be erected so that the civil en-
gineer may have his work concentrated, and
be enabled to procure the proper machinery
for doing work which is now done byhatulata
greatly increased cost.
The second item, boiler-shop No. 41, is also
a necessity for the efficient conduct of work.
There is no erecting-shop in this yard, and as
it is of the utmost importance that such a shop
should be provided, and as the location of the
present boiler-shop is admirably adapted to
this object, it is proposed to convert the pres-
ent boiler-shop into an erecting-shop and build
a new boiler-shop adjoining. This improve-
ment is greatly needed, and will add much to
the facilities for the economical execution of
work.
The amount asked for in the third item, for
repairs to ordnance buildings, is small, but is
absolutely necessary for the preservation of the
building and the proper protection of the large
amount of valuable property stored therein._
Now. sir, if the members of this House will
properly exatuins this subject, there can be no
