78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Keps.
Economy in Public Expenditures—Mr. Dawes.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Engineer C. ii. Loring, First Assistant Engineer
«, W. Sensner, Second Assistant Engineer C. W.
Itae.
Twenty officers in all. And at what expense
annually, do you think, for these officers alone?
For these twenty officers the annual expense
for salaries alone is $42,689 33. Besides this,
for the civil officers who help these naval offi-
cers to take care of this navy-yard the estimate
of salaries is $48,946; making a grand total of
salaries of officers for the navy-yard at Wash-
ington alone of $91,653 33. Now, I submit
whether $8,000 or $10,000 properly expended
in superintendency in one private ship-yard
would not be as effective under enterprising,
energctic men as all this amount for this one
yard alono.
Now, I speak this in no disparagement of
the officers afe the head of the Navy Depart-
ment. But I want them to recommend some
method of reducing these expenditures. I
want them to undertake to aid us in some way
in cutting down these burdensome expenses.
There are five or six such yards in this country
so manned and so commanded.
Sir, the Secretary of the Navy recommends
the building of ten iron-clad steamers, four of
them this year ; and the newspapers say that
the Committee on Naval Affairs are prepared
to report such a proposition. I do not know
whether that is so or not. But no one of those
steamers can cost less than one million five
hundred thousand dollars; and I do not be-
lieve one of them can be built, according to
the plan proposed, for less than two million
dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me a single word of explanation. I saw in the
newspapers the statement to which he has just
referred ; but I beg leave to say that no propo-
sition of that kind has been before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. They have never
heard of it in any shape, unless as I heard it,
through the newspapers.
Mr. DAWES. 1 did not believe it, sir;
because my friend from Pennsylvania, the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
has a reputation for economy which he cannot
afford to throw away in that manner. But it
is nevertheless recommended by the Secretary.
But, sir, suppose that those vessels are built.
What are they for? For admirals' yachts, to
be used as admirals' flagships to attend the
squadrons in different quarters of the world
It would cost $2,500 a day to support each
one of those vessels. The cost of supporting
on the water every admiral's yacht in our ser-
vice is at least $2,500 a day; and for what
purpose is this expense to be incurred ? These
vessels are to be built in time of peace when
there_ is no prospect of war; they are to be
built in anticipation of some danger from some
foreign Power at some future time, which if it
ever comes will be sure to find all present
methods of defensive or offensive war dis-
carded, and consequently these iron-olads will
have ceased to be useful for warlike purposes
whenever, if ever, the time shall come that
they might be needed. Take this $2,500 a day
and subsidize a merchant marine between our
shores and the shores of Europe for the benefit
ot commerce and trade and enterprise in this
country, but waste it not, Mr, Chairman, unon
the useless pomp of a great fleet in time of
peace.
Sir, I do not know that my friends will sit
here patiently much longer; but I have one
thing further to say, and that is as to the pro-
priety of making the speech which I made. I
showed in those remarks that the tendency of
the Departments with reference to expenses
was upward. I was told yesterday that it was
unfair and "unjust " on my part to have
paraded that fact here before 1 had gone to
the Departments and asked their explanation,
so that they might have told me what the esti-
mates meant, pointed out any blunders that
might have been made, and shown me, if pos-
sible, the necessity of the appropriations asked
for to so large an amount. I admit that some
of the great and unusual appropriations here
demanded are necessary and must be made;
but my ardent desire and that of the commit-
tee was that there should be a cutting-down in
other places to compensate for these appropria-
tions if they could not be dispensed with. But
you were told yesterday that I had been unfair
toward my party friends in springing up here
and making public this exposition without first
consulting the Departments ; and a newspaper
paragraph for which I was in nowise respons-
ible was pulled out of the pocket and read at
the desk; and then there was read a letter
from one of the Departments, addressed to my
colleague, in answer to an interrogatory of his
whether I had ever made any inquiry of that
Department; and we were told that there were
two more such letters. Was it not a little
curious, Mr. Chairman, that there were only
three such letters ? Did not the inquiry arise
in everybody's mind why were there not more;
why were there only three ? And was it not a
little curious that the inquiry should have been
whether Mr. Dawes alone had been there and
not whether any of the Committee on Appro-
priations had been there ? Did it not satisfy
you, sir, that all that could be got in the shape
of letters was that as to three Departments
Mr. Dawes, at least, of the committee had
made no inquiry ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a single remark?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; I cannot. I inter-
rupted the gentleman in no particular yester-
day, and he will do me the favor to refrain
from interrupting me to-day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
like to be misrepresented. I did not say any-
thing about Mr. Dawes making the inquiry.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
whether I treat this matter fairly or not. I
sat quiet yesterday from the beginning to the
end of the gentleman's speech. I did hope
that I might have this day to myself.
Now, sir, I have made no statement to the
House or the country that anybody went to the
Departments; but after the letters that were
read here yesterday I am compelled to state
what has transpired, and the country will judge
whether I dealt unfairly or unjustly.
Sir, when these estimates were put in the
hands of the committee of nine the Depart-
ments were allotted among them all and they
were charged with the duty, the whole nine—
and let me say the Democratic members of the
committee were as faithful as any of them in
the discharge of this duty. The Departments
were allotted out among the nine with these
large differences between this year and next
staring us in the face, and they were charged
with the duty of visiting them all and seeing
whether it were possible that these estimates
could be cut down. It fell to my lot to have the
Interior Department and the Treasury De-
partment. The other Departments were dis-
tributed among the other members of the
committee. This statement I make in the
hearing of the Committee on Appropriations,
and if I am not correct they will so state.
Eight of that nine spent the three weeks of
the holiday recess in that work, and were con-
stant visitors to those Departments, meantime
there being almost daily meetings of the com-
mittee.
I say to you, Mr. Chairman, that I visited,
according to the charge imposed upon me by
that committee, the Interior Department and
the Treasury Department, and when one of
the committee had to go home I took off his
bands the War Department. The other mem-
bers of the committee visited every other De- J
partment and portrayed these differences to I
them and reported to the committee, each one
that they found that all were sorry that they
were so great, but as for their respective De-
partments they could not cut down their esti-
mates. I went to the Interior Department,
and it is due to that Secretary to say, while
he said it was impossible to cut down the force
in his Department, he could curtail the ex-
penditures outside in the hospital for the in-
sane, in the Deaf and Dumb Institution, and in
the lying-in-women's hospital. [Laughter.]
At that same time, when he could not cnt
down the estimates for appropriations in his
own Department—I say it without meaning
to reflect upon him—there was a single bureau
there, the Land Office, that had accumulated
$479,000, unexpended balance, because it had
received appropriations from year to year
more than it could use, and was now asking
in addition, without saying a word about this
money on hand, $248,000 more, while say-
ing positively to the committee that he could
not curtail one penny. One bureau in that De-
partment, the Patent Office, of its own accord
cut down the expenditures, upon our request,
$30,000; and the appropriations for the Indian
Bureau, with the cooperation of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, have been reduced
in the appropriation bills from the estimates
$1,700,000.
I went, sir, from the Interior Department to
the Treasury Department. I presented these
differences to the Secretary of the Treasury.
There was no intimation, either there or any-
where else, that there was any mistake. The
Secretary, in an entirely friendly and frank
interview, said: "I know those great differ-
ences; I am sorry for them; but I cannot help
it." "Cannot you cut down in this Depart-
ment? Cannot you make out a bill reorgan-
izing your Department, with a reduction of
salaries?" " I do not see how I can."
Sir, there was much conversation of a friendly
character between the Secretary and myself in
no way disparaging to him or his desire for
economy, which I would be glad fully to dis-
close if it were becoming that I should, and it
is only from necessity of self-defense I make this
statement at all here, and with his full consent
that I should make it. I went away from the
Treasury Department discouraged. I took
counsel of influential gentlemen in my party,
with this book under my arm, which has been
my constant companion for six weeks, and I
was advised to go to the President himself. I
went to the President and I laid these estimates
before him, and these differences between this
year and the next. Sir, I do not know that I
have his confidence. I do not know but he
has more confidence in my colleague than in
myself. [Laughter.] It may be, sir, that he
will take him into his bosom and warm him
into new life. [Renewed laughter.] I know
not how that may be, nor can I calculate what
will be the consequence if he should. [Laugh-
ter.] But I feel that the President believes
me to be his friend and will surely do all in
my power to support him ; and I think that
the simple report of what passed between him
and me, so like him, so true was he to himself
and to his pledges, would be a better vindica-
tion of him and me than anything else which
could be stated. He talked with me of economy,
and the best means of securing it. He said
that his influence would be exerted to the
utmost to bring down these estimates. He said
that he had made a personal examination of
the estimates for the War Department, and
knowing the necessities of that Department
better than those of any other, he thought these
estimates were cut down as low as they possibly
could be. After that statement from a man
who has had so much experience in the wants
of the War Department, and whose polar star
in the administration of public affairs is honesty
and economy, I did not think it worth while to
