1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2037
Mr. SCHENCK. As I understand, the res-
olution, in order to take effect, must have the
concurrence of two thirds of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so an-
nounced.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the resolution should
fail, will it then be in order to propose a vote
of censure as a question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. That will be a matter for
the House to determine.
Mr. MORGAN. I understood there was to
be no debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not propose to de-
bate the question. I merely desire to know
if a resolution of censure could not be brought
before the House by any member as a ques-
tion of privilege.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 102, nays 08, not voting 50j as fol-
lows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Atwood.Ayer, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Buckley, Burchard, CI eve-
land, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Crebs. Cullom,
Dawes, Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Duval, Eldridge,
Ferry, Fittkelnburg,(rarlield,Gret7..Griswold, Haight,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton,
Harris, Hay, Hays, Hill, Xlolman, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp,
Knott, Lafiin, Logan, Lynch. Mavham.McCormick,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Poland, Pomerov, Potter,
Kandall, Reading,Reeves.Sawyer, Seofield,Shanks,
Sherrod. Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone. Strader,
Strickland, Strong, Swann, '.Tanner, Trimble. Tyncr,
Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees. Ward. CadwaladerC.
Washburn, William B.Washburn, Welker, Wells,
Wheeler, Willard, Williams, a,nd Eugene M. Wil-
son—-102.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Asper, Axtcll, Banks,
Seaman, Bennett, Boles, Booker, Bowon, Boyd,
Oeorge iU. Brooks, James Brooks, Bufiinton, Bur-
dett. Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke. Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook, Covode, Dickey, Doekcry, Ela, Eerriss,
Fisher, Pitch. Ilawkms, Hawley, Hoaton, Heflin,
Hoar, Alexander II. Jones. Julian, Keilcy, Kelsey,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee. McKenzie, Mercur,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrcll, Myers. Nog-ley, Pack-
ard, Perce, Peters. Phelps, Piatt, Prosser, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent. Solienok, Lionel A. Sheldon, Por-
ter Sheldon, William J.Smith, Starkweather,Stokes,
Stoughton, Townsend, Twichell. Van Horn, Van
Wyck. Wilkinson, John T.Wilson, n ml Winnns—08.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Benton,
Bingham,Buck,Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,Roderick
R. Butler, Calkin, Cowlcs, Cox, Davis. Dixon, Dyer,
Earnsworth. Fox, Cibson, (isilfillan, lloge, Hooper,
Hotchkiss.Thomas L.Jones, Lash, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge,Marshall, McCra,ry,McfciTew,McNeely,Milnes,
Eliakim H. Moore, Jcs:.e II. Moore, William Moore,
Morrissey, Mungen, Porter, Eice, Ridgway, Rogers,
Sohumaker, Joseph S. Smith,William Smyth,Swee-
ney ,Taffe, Tillman, Van Auken, Winchester .Witch er,
Wood, and Woodward—50.
After the Clork had completed the roll-
call, and before the result of the vote was an-
nounced,
Mr. STILES said: I rise to a question of
order. I ask for the reading of !he thirty-first
rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows :
"31. Every member "who shall be in the House when
the question is put shall give his vote unless the
House shall excuse him."
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman any
resolution to offer with respect to any particu-
lar member?
Mr. STILES. I desire to know of the
Chair whether all the members who are present
have voted.
The SPEAKER. That is not within the
knowledge of the Chair. If the gentleman has
any resolution relating to particular members
the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. STILES. Well, I will drawa resolution.
Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts, for one, did not
vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has voted on the roll-
call on this question. The Chair will remind
the gentleman that he should be careful
to his facta on a question of this delicacy.
Has the gentleman any farther motion to
make?
Mr. STILES. No, sir.
Mr. AXTELL, (who had not yet voted.) 1
was not aware of the existence of that rule.
! vote "no.''
The SPEAKER. On the adoption of tho
resolution the yeas are 102, and the nays are
08. Two thirds have not voted in the affirma-
tive, and the resolution is rejected.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now offer the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which I demand the
previous question:
Resolved, That this House declares its condemna-
tion of the action of Hon. Roderick R. Buttiek, a
Representative from the first district of Tennessee,
in nominating Augustus C. Tyler, who was not an
actual resident of his district, as a cadet at tho Mil-
itary Academy at West Point, and in subsequently
receiving money from the father of said cadet for
political purposes in Tennessee, as an unauthorised
and dangerous practice, and he is hereby censured
therefor.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to move to amend
the resolution byadding to it the words: " and
he is requested to resign."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Michigan yield for that amendment?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment can
only be offered if the previous question shall be
voted down.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 59, noes
40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Morgan were appointed.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to a point of order.
The House, upon the proposition of censuring
the member or expelling him, both ideas being
separately before the House, has by a majority
vote chosen expulsion and rejected censure,
failing only to finally carry the former by less
than atwo-thirds vote, the constitutional vote to
expel. This resolution of the gentleman from
Michigan is substantially the same proposition
thatvasbefore the House and once rejected, and
is not substantially "a different proposition."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman might not be
able to offer the resolution in precisely the
same words, but this is a different resolution,
differently worded, and it is a question of priv-
ilege, and is in order at any time.
Mr. FERRY. D® I understand the Chair
to rule that the resolution is really substan-
tially different from the one reported by the
majority of the Committee on Military Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not rule
anything upon the point of substantial differ-
ence. The difference of a single word would
bring it within the rule of the House.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for tho previous question; and the tellers
reported—ayes ninety-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, being
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BEAMAN and Mr. ASPER called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 158, naysO, not voting
G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Aspcr, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Bar-
rmm, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs,
Bird,Blair,Boles.Booker.Boyd, George M.Brooks,
James Brook", Buckley, Bufiinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Dock-
ery, Donley, Dox, Duval, Ela. Eldridge, Earnswortll,
Eerriss, Perry, Pinkclnburg, Eisher, Fitch, tlarfield,
Wetz, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill,
Harris, Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Hays, Hcaton, Hef-
lin, Hill,Hoar,Holrnan, Hooper,Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Alexander H. J ones, J udd, Julian, Kolley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp,_ Lafiin,
Lugan, Loughridge. Lynch, McUiev,', McKee, Me-
Kenzie, McNeely, Mereur. Jesse XI. Moore. William
Moore, Morgan. Morphis, SanruelP. Morrill,Myers,
Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Urtli, Packard, Panic,
Palmer, Pciee, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy,
Potter, Prosper. Randall. Reeves, Rogers, Hoots,
Hanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sclienck, Seolield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John
A, Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smvth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stokes. Stone, Stoughton, Strader. Strick-
land, Strong, Swaun, Tanner. Townsend, Trimble,
Twichell, Tyncr. Upson, Van Horn, Voorhees. Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William !!. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Wheeler. Willard, Williams, John
T.Wilson, and Winans—158.
NAYS—0.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Bailey, Beck, Benton, Bingham, Bowen, Buck,
Burr, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, Cowles, Cox, Crebs;,Davis, Dixon. Dyer, Fox,
(iibson trimllan, Griswold, Hamilton,Hoge,Hoteh-
kiss. ihomas L. Jones, Knott,Lash,Lawrence, Mar-
shall, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick,
MeCrary, Milnes, Eliakirn H. Moore, Daniel J
Morrcll, Morrissey, Mungen, Packer, Poland Por-
ter, Reading, Rice, Ridgway, Schumaker, Sherrod
Joseph S. Smith, Sweeney, Taffe. Tillman, Van
Anken, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Wilkinson, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and Wood-
ward—62.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted,; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 150) to transfer
an appropriation for the public printing.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. POTTER was granted leave pf absence
for one week.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE. *
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlij?,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, the joint reso-
lution of the House (H. R. No. 194) granting
condemned guns to the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
, i
FREEDMEN S BUREAU.
Mr. McNEELY. The other day I intro-
duced a substitute for a bill reported by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] to
abolish the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands, and moved that it be printed
and referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor. It was not printed, and it, was
referred to the wrong committee. 1 now ask
leave to introduce the bill and have it referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1548) to abolish the Bureau of Refugees,
E'reedmen,and Abandoned Lands was received,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
OFFICERS AND VESSELS OP THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of the 14th instant, in rela-
tion to officers and vessels of the Navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to bo printed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR. PAYMASTER GENERAL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a letter
from the Paymaster General of the Army, con-
cerning the insufficiency of the appropriation
for rent, watchmen, and laborers for his office
in the deficiency bill now pending before Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
STE. ilAIUE SHIP-CANAL.
Tiio SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War. in answer to a resolution
of tie House in relation to the improvement
! of the Ste. Marie Falls ship-canal; which was
;i referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed. "
ij POSTAL FACILITIES IN ALAii.MIA.
!1 The SPEAKER also, by unanimous conseat,
laid before the House a joint memorial ot tno
General Assembly of the State of_ Alabama.
'! asking for increased postal facilities m .said
