1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4869
difference of opinion as to the necessity and
propriety of doing the work I have indicated.
There is much more that ought to be done, and
which it will be true economy to do at once.
Theestimatepresentedby thecareful, conscien-
tious, and economical chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks was carefully prepared, with
the full knowledge that it would be subjected
to the searching scrutiny of the Committee of
Appropriations. Nothing was asked for that
this experienced officer did not, after careful
examination, deem absolutely necessary. I
believe we ought to appropriate every dollar of
the estimate; but knowing the earnest desire
of Congress to reduce expenditures in every
department, I have selected only those items
which cannot be omitted without actual loss to
the Government, which are the most necessary,
and which, to refuse, would be to defeat the
very object we are striving to attain, a wiso and
judicious expenditure of the public money. I
appeal to the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on Appiopriations not to oppose
the adoption of this amendment. It is only
doing this year what will have to bs done event-
ually, and which can bestand mostconveniently
be done by distributing through a series ofyears
the necessary expenditures.
In this connection I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to some of the points
which should commend the Norfolk navy-yard
to the favorable consideration of Congress and
the country. The committee have reported
an appropriation for the New York navy-yard
nearly equal to the amount this amendment
proposes to appropriate to the Norfolk navy-
yard. It is almost a certainty that the former
yard will, at no very remote period, be dis-
posed of, and the proceeds applied probably to
the creation of three yards, which shall be
complete in every respect, and an honor and
source of honest pride to the country. The
I\ew York or Brooklyn yard will, it is esti-
mated, sell for §40,000,000. One fourth of this
sum will make the Norfolk navy-yard the most
complete naval establishment of the kind on
(his continent, or in the whole world. Nature
has exhausted itself in heaping advantages
upon this site, fitting it beyond any other place
on this continent for agreat navy-yard. There
is here nothing lacking that nature can supply.
A magnificent harbor never obstructed by ice, an
unlimited water frontage, a great natural road-
stead where the fleets of the world might ride
at anchor, perfect facility for defense and for
egress and ingress; an unlimited supply of the
fresh and absolutely pure juniper water from
the Dismal swamp capable of supplying basins,
easily constructed, where the iron-elads of the
combined navies of the world could be stored
in safety and preserved for an unlimited time
with absolutely no expense ; a climate unsur-
passed in its advantages ; an abundant supply
of cheap and reliable labor, cheap homes for
laborers, abundant supply of everything need-
ful for comfort or luxury; its geographical sit-
uation, midway of the Atlantic coast between
New York and Florida, facility of communica-
tion with all parts of the country by water or
rail, abundant supply of timber and stone, the
timber grown in the salt sea air, and the finest
in the world for ship-building purposes; facility
for extension by the purchase of lands, which
can be bought at the price of ordinary farm-
ing lands, are some 01 the advantages of this
location. But, sir, I should exhaust the patience
of this House were I to attempt to enumerate
ail the natural advantages which point to this
favored spot as the location for the principal
navy-yard of this country. They have been
urged by nearly every Secretary who has been
at the head of our Navy Department since the
first selection of this site for its present pur-
poses, and numerous boards of examination
have added their testimony in its favor. In
the repoit of the Secretary of the Navy for
the year 18GG I find the following remarks :
" The na\ y-yard at Norfolk is, in a national point
of view, one of the most important or ono of tho best
located in the United States. It is the only southern
yard on the Atlantic coast, is accessible at all seasons,
has one of tho best harbors in the country, and is in
every respect favorably situated with every natural
advantage for a naval establishment.
' The suppression of the rebellion, and the rees-
tablishmeat of that peace and unity which constitute
us one country and one people, make it a duty to re-
store this national establishment to its former efficient
condition. In so far as there was reason during the
rebellion for refusing to do this because insurrection
prevailed m the region where this yard was situated,
that reason no longer exists. True, tho expenditure
will bo made in a State which was in rebellion, but
therebeliion has passed away."
The State of Virginia is part of the Union,
and the establishment which is to be renovated
is national in its character and of general in-
terest to all. The community and the laboring
men which are to be benefited by the expend-
iture consequent upon the amendment I have
offered are as loyal to the Government of tho
United States as any community in it. A ma-
jority of the mechanics and laborers employed
at this yard served in our Army or Navy dur-
ing the war, and that portion of the community
who still retain their love for the confederacy
are no more disloyal than the copperheads of
more northern localities. The people of Ports-
mouth, where this yard is situated, a majority
of whom are intelligent, hard-working mechati
ics and laborers of both colors, have within the
last month demonstrated their love of country
and devotion to principle by braving social and
business ostracism and persecution, and march-
ing to the polls as freemen have voted their
honest sentiments, redeemed their city from
Democratic thralldom,and given a good rousing
majority for the candidates of the Hepublican
party. These men, nearly all of them depend-
ent on their daily labor for their daily bread,
with a moral and physical bravely not exceeded
by the men who fought our battles, marched
to the polls and voted as they fought—to sustain
the Government. 1 ask no charity for them ;
I beg no alms ; I only ask this Congress to make
it possible for them to sustain themselves by
honest labor. This small appropriation will,
while it benefits the Government, keep many
a poor man at work and carry bread and meat
into many a household which without it will
know pinching poverty and want. The saddest
sight on earth, Mr. Chairman, is an honest
man ready and willing to work for his bread
seeking for it in vain. The men who work in
the Norfolk navy-yard can, when deprived of
this work, get none outside. We need such
encouragement as will be given by this appro-
priation as they cannot need it at the North.
We arc struggling to establish and maintain a
Republican organization against fearful odds.
We must be sustained by a Republican Con-
gress. In full confidence that our appeal will
be heard and the amendment that I have pro-
posed adopted, I leave it to the decision of the
committee.
Mr. DAWES. For the same reason which I
assigned when tho previous amendment was
offered I trust this one will not be agreed to.
The question was put on Mr. Pi,att's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public buildings, under tho direction of the
architect of the Capitol extension:
For finishing and repairing the work on the Capitol
extension, anil for curbing and llagging upper Ler-
raecF, £300,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out that
item. Mr. Chairman, some two or three years
ago we had the pleasing intelligence commu-
nicated to us that this Capitol extension was
then complete, and that the large appropria-
tions we had been called upon to make from
year to year, that had amounted in the aggre-
gate to millions of dollars, would cease from
that time, and that we would be asked for no
more for this Capitol extension. Last year
we found, from, the appropriation bill then
reported, that there was a little mistake in
that; that it was not quite complete yet; and
a small item of one or two hundred thousand
dollars more was asked for and voted for com-
pleting the Capitol extension.
It would seem from the item now before us that
somebody is still further mistaken; either those
who had informed us that this Capitol building
was finished, or the Committee.on Appropria-
tions, I do not know which; but from what I
have been able to see about the Capitol I am
inclined to think that the Committee on Appro-
priations must be mistaken, and that this
amount is designed for some other purpose.
This is "for finishing and repairing the work
on the Capitol extension, and for curbing and
flagging upper terraces, $100,000." A small
item, it is true, in connection with this Capi-
tol, but still a considerable item, especially
when added to the numerous other large items
contained in this and the other appropriation
bills we have been passing during this session
of Congress.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not believe there
is anything in the condition of this Capitol to-
day which demands that we should appropri-
ate this large sum of money. I do not know
what further is intended to be done if we vote
this money which we are asked to appropri-
ate, whether it is to be for embellishments;
whether, as is suggested to mo by a gentleman
beside rnc, wc arc to have another figure-head
on the Capitol. If so, I think we want no fur-
ther appropriations of money merely for the
embellishment of the Capitol. Tax-ridden as
our people now are, and harassed as they are,
and as they will continue to be, with tax-gath-
erers calling upon them for a portion of their
earnings year alter year, it seems to me this is
not the time to appropriate these large sums
for further embellishing this Capitol. It is not
needed for any practical purpose; it is not
needed for the preservation of the building; it
is not needed for any purpose whatever, unless
it be to give some persons employment about
it who are now idle.
We have economy preached often in this
Hall; we have economy preached in the pub-
lic prints; we will have it preached largely from
the stump during the canvass that will ensue
between now and the time we will meet here
again. Now, here is a place where we can
practice it; where we can save to the Govern-
ment and to the people at least §100,000, and,
in connection with items that are to follow,
§150.000. It is a substantial saving to the
Government and the tax-payers, and I insist
that we commence economy here, for we have
not commenced it yet; indeed, wa have been
going on from the beginning more recklessly
than in either of the Congresses that have pre-
ceded this, so far as my knowledge extends ;
and I hope the committee will strike the item
out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] for the purpose of stating one or
two things that do not seem to be generally
understood by members on the floor. If this
whole $100,000 were intended for repairs on
the Capitol it would still be less on the cost of
the building than the aterage repairs of public
buildings in the country. If the gentleman
had taken pains to go upon the roof of the
building and examine what repairs are now
necessary there he would have seen that con-
siderable appropriations are needed to prevent
the building from going to rapid decay. If he
will examine the rooms around the galleries
of this House, and see how the walls are stained
by wet, and how the ceilings are falling off,
he will recognize the necessity of at once re-
pairing tho roof so that tho water will not be
dripping down into the rooms around this
Hall.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that the
item which follows this is for the very purpose
of which the gentleman speaks, the repair of
the roof.
Mr. KELSEY. That is for the old Capjtol
building, the gentleman will observe. This is
for the wings. There is another thing. Every
one can see at a glance that the terraces around
