1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of this act; and any person who shall falsely
take any oath required to be taken under the
provisions of this act shall be guilty of perjury;
and the Secretary of the Interior «shall cause
to be stricken from the pension-roll-the name
of any person whenever it shall appear, by
proof satisfactory to him, that such name was
put upon such-roll through false or fraudulent
representations as to the right of such person
to a pension under the provisions of this act.
The loss of a certificate of discharge shall not
deprive the applicant of the benefits of this
act, but other proof of services performed and
of an honorable discharge, if satisfactory, shall
be deemed sufficient.
The fourth section provides that the pro-
visions of sections twelve and thirteen of an
act entitled "An act supplementary to an act
to grant pensions,'" approved .Iuly4, 1801,
and of sections two, three, and four, of an act
entitled "An act supplementary to several acts
relating to pensions," approved June 0, 1800,
shall be applicable to the pensions grauted by
this act,.
Mr. WILLARD. I 'yield to my colleague
on the committee to offer an amendment.
Mr. WINANS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out all of the first section after the n-or'l
"support," so that the following words shall be
stricken out:
And who, at no time during the lato rebellion
against the authority of the United States, adhered
to the cause of tlio enemies of the Government, giv-
ing them aid and comfort, or exercised the functions
ot any office whatever under any authoiity or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United States,
mid who shall take and subscribo an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WILLARD. 1 yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hoi,max] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to'come in at the end of the first section :
And the surviving widows of such otacers%nd
enlisted and drafted men who are in like dependent
circumstances. Provided, That such widow shall
liavcbeenmarricd prior to the treaty of peace which
terminated said war to an oftieer or enlisted or drafted
man who .served as atorcsaid in said war.
Air. WILLARD. I now call the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. W1LLA11D. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Winaxs.]
Mr. WINANS. I desire to make a vSry few
remarks explanatory of the reasons which have
induced me to offer my amendment. The bill
proposes to pension all tho surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 who are in indigent circum-
stances, dependent upon their own labor, or
upon others, for their support, not in virtue of
a contract. That is the substance of the bill.
It is an improvement upon the bill that hereto-
fore passed the House, in the last Congress, in
this respect, that that bill provided for pension-
ing only the soldiers who were dependent upon
others for support. Therein, I say, it is an
improvement. The bill, however, as reported
by the committee, discriminates between the
soldiers of 1812, and provides that those only
who remained loyal during the rebellion shall
participate in this bounty and favor of the
nation. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that that dis-
crimination is an unwise, an unjust, an intol-
erable one, and a discrimination that ought
not to be made by this Congress.
Let me suggest, Mr. Speaker, that these old
soldiers, all of them, are now from seventy-live
to one hundred years of age, and it is impos-
sible, sir, in the nature of things, that any of
them should have rendered active and efficient
service in the late rebellion against the coun-
try. They could not have done it if they had
been ever so much disposed; moreover, those
who are provided for by this bill could not
have rendered efficient aid and support to the
rebellion, because the bill makes provision for
those who are in indigent circumstances and
dependent upon their own labor or upon others
for support, and such men could not efficiently
have aided the rebellion or given it aid and
comfort.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that these old men may
have sympathized with the rebellion, living in
the sections which were engaged in it, would
he very naturally inferred. I presume that
they did. I presume that if I had been one
of them myself and living in the South, as they
did, I would have sympathized with the rebel-
lion also.
A Member. Young as .you are ?
Mr. WINANS. Yes,, young as I am. I do
not think, however, that that will be treasured
up against me. And allow me to say further,
that it does not divest Congress of the obliga-
tion which it owes to those old soldiers who
saved the honor of the flag of the Union in
1812 to say that they have since that sinned
against that flag. There must be found, sir, a
place for mercy and for pardon. And I think
myself that the time has now come when wo
should look upon one another as all of us citi-
zens of one common country and all of us
interested in its destiny, and when pardon
should he extended and absolution given to
the southern people who wore actively engaged
in the rebellion, when we should no longer
entertain malice against them or be disposed
to deal harshly with them. I think, on the
contrary, that we should have conciliation and
reconciliation among the people of this coun-
try, and be in fact, what we are in name, one
people, animated by one purpose, to promote
and extend the glory and dignity of our com-
mon nation. I yield to my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Bisciiam.]
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 hope it will be the pleas-
ure of the House to support, the amendment
offered by my colleague, [Mr. Winans.J I
hope it will be flieir pleasuro to do it from a
sense of justice to the men who followed the
flag of tho United States in the war of 1812,
winch has been well called the second war of
independence in this country. I think it, will
suggest itself to the minds of members ol' this
House that it is surely a work of supereroga-
tion to require of the soldier of the war of
1812, before he shall be entitled to a pension,
that lie shall take an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, lie has sworn to that oath
amid the flame and the earthquake of battle.
It is as solemn an oath'As ever was taken by
mortal man. And the bill provides further
that he shall have received an honorable dis-
charge from the service of his country. [ do
not know that anything more ought to be re-
quired of him. tint, it is added here that he
shall be excluded from the pension, not only
if ho fails to take the oath, bat even if he does
that, that he shall be excluded from the bene-
fits of the pension if he exercised the functions
of any office whatever under any authority or
pretended authority in hostility to the United
States, no matter when or where, whether in
this country or in that other country in which
he may have been born and lived before he
joined our standard, before he became a natur-
alized citizen; by the letter or tins law he is
to be excluded from its benefits because it was
his misfortune to be born in another country
and to have exercised the functions of any
office in that country when it was in hostility
to ours.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman will find
at the buttoni of page 1 of the bill the words
"and who at no time during the late rebellion
against the authority of the United States
adhered to the cause of the enemies ot the
Government, giving them aid and comfort or
exercised tho functions of any ofiice,'' &c.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Well, that is not in this
section. The amendment relates to the first
section.
Mr. WILLARD. The words I have read
are in the lirst section of the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The words are not lim-
ited by any such, phrase as " during the rebel-
lion."
Mr. "WILLARD. Oh, yes; will the gentle-
man look at the bottom of the pag©?
Mr. BINGIIAM. I understand that; but
that does not apply to.this clause. The con-
struction of it will be just exactly what-the
words mean. "It is a well-knotfti rale that if
the words are plain there is uo need of con-
struction.
Mr. WILLARD. I have no doubt that the
words are limited by the phrase " who at no
time during the late rebellion," &c.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think I understand the
gentleman. I give him the benefit of that. I
differ with him in his construction altogether.
Bat whether it applies or not, it is perfectly
competent for this House to pass a bill of this
sort without raising any inquiry of the kind.
The great body of these men were utterly inca-
pable of rendering any service to the rebellion,
physically incapable. It has beGfl well re-
marked here that they are of the age of seventy-
five and upward. It is fifty years and more—
fifty-five years since peace was made with Great
Britain; so that we are raising an inquiry
here whether old men on their crutches, sur-
rounded by the shadows of the grave, rendered
any aid or service to the rebellion, and whether
we shall require them to take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States
before they can be allowed a pittance of eight
dollars a month.
I ask the House to consider that it is well to
take it for granted, at all events, that men who
fought under the flag of tho United States in
the war of 1812, have never voluntarily deserted
'it or given aid and comfort to the rebellion;
and it is the accepted judgment of the civilized
world that no man is to be held answerable as
a culprit for any act involuntarily done by him.
If any of these old men livitig within the ter-
ritorial limits of the rebellion rendered any
kind of aid and comfort to the rebellion at their
advanced age of seventy-live years it must have
been for the simple reason that tho Govern-
ment of this country was not able to give them
any protection ; and it was simply a question
between yielding to that power which they could
not control, or perishing at the hand« of that
power which was attempting to strike down tho
Government of their country.
Mr. KARNSWORTH. Ido not understand
the language of this section to apply to those
men who gave sympathy, but only to those who
gave tyd and comfort to the rebellion. Sym-
pathy is not aid and comfort.
Mr. BINGHAM. Tho gentleman cannot
torture these words to mean anything else than
what they say. If he held any oltice what-
ever 
Mr. WILLARD. I must resume the floor;
and I now yield fifteen minutes to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. May I
ask the House, Mr. Speaker, to sustain the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Wiuans ?] We are now providing pensions for
old soldiers because of meritorious services in
war. It will be seen that by the very course
of nature, men who wore soldiers in 1815 could
never have rendered any efficient aid to our
enemies in the field during the war of the rebel-
lion. Let me state another and quite efficient
reason. It is that as all other confiscation,
because of acts done in the rebellion, has been
given up, why should we, as to these old men,
confiscate the poor pittance we are about to
give their comrades? From the great crimi-
nals who caused the war the penalty of confis-
cation has been taken away; all punishment
has been removed. Why, then, should we con-
fiscate the pensions of these men because of
the feeble part they must have taken-* in tho
rebellion? .
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield tor
a question? T ...
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will.
Mr. PAINE. What pensiona are to be taken
away from these men if we do not pass this
bill?
