1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
of the fonrth congressional district of Missouri,
praying for the abolition of the franking law.
Also, a petition for mail route from Hart-
yille to Aurora, Missouri.
Also, a petition for mail route from Forsyth,
Missouri, to GainsTille, Missouri, via Bradley-
ville, Bauf, and Melissa.
Also, a petition for mail route from Lebanon,
Missouri, to Louisburg, Missouri, via Bennett's
A.iso, the petition of James Divine, of Dade
county, Missouri, a soldier of the war of 1812,
asking for pension.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: Memorials of George
K. Reed and 75 others, citizens of Fall River,
and H. L. Sampson and 35 others, of Dux-
bury, all of Massachusetts, and all praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURDETT: Petitions for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege by citizens of
Lincoln, Benton county; of Hickory county;
of Glaze City; of Humans ville; ofMonegan,
St Clair county; of St. Martin's, Morgan
county; of Cloverdalc, Benton county; of
Morristown, Cass county; of Prairie City.
Bates county; of Roney, Hickory county; and
of Cole county, Missouri.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: Peti-
tions of citizens of the fifth Massachusetts dis-
trict, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition for the relief of H. Bartels,
W. G. Mank, and P. Raible, of New Orleans,
Louisiana.
Also, a petition of merchants, underwriters,
and marine inspectors, for a law to test chain-
cables and anchors.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege, signed by citizens of
Annville, Lebanon county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Myerstown,
Lebanon county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CESSNA: A petition of citizens of
Bedford county, Pennsylvania, in favor of pro-
tection and against free trade.
Also, ten petitions from Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Petitions of Max
B. Richardson and 500 others, citizens of Os-
wego, "New York; of E. G. Hilbert and 42
others, citizens of Lebahon, New York; of
Henry Bowen and 32 others, citizens of North
Volney, New York; of 0. P. Johnson and 49
others, citizens of Colosse, New York; of C.
S. Tobey and 42 others, citizens of East Boston,
New York; of N. S. Crossett and 42 others,
citizens of Molino, New York, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Bv Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Kummel and Kempf, of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, for relief.
By Mr. COBURN: Fifteen petitions of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of H. C.
Briggs and 111 others, citizens of Howell,
Michigan, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of D. W. Bell, postmaster,
and 29 others, citizens of Oxford, Michigan,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Isaac Place, postmas-
ter, and 41 others, citizens of Novi, Michigan,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of D. A. Wright, post-
master, and 32 others, citizens of Austin, Michi-
gan, for the same object.
By Mr. COX: The petition of N. Collins,
captain United States Navy, and others, for
pnze-money for the capture of the rebel steamer
Florida.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of Robert
Bell and 54 others, citizens of Mount Carmel,
Wabash county, Illinois, praying for the aboli-
turn of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Peter Sheren and 46
others, citizens of Meir, Wabash county, Illi-
nois, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of
Edwin Bernard and others, citizens of Reed-
town and vicinity, in Seneca county, Ohio,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of Professor
F. H. Crago and 236 others, citizens of Carmich-
aels, Greene county, Pennsylvania, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of David Howell and 41
others, citizens of West Alexander, Pennsyl-
vania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Samuel Thomas and 30
others, citizens of Dunningsville, Washington
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William H. Hennen and
20 others, citizens of Jolly town, Greene county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Samuel J. Rhodes and
60 others, citizens of Rose Point, Pennsyl-
vania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. M. Hantz and 54
others, citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, for the-same purpose.
Also, the petition of Abner Fordyce and 36
others, citizens of Greene township, Greene
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Dr. Hiram Nye and 40
others, citizens of Homewood, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. McMillin and 35
others, citizens of Princeton, Lawrence county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William Bighsm and
30 others, citizens of Candor, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of S. Merchant and 55
others, citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, for the Same purpose.
Also, the petition of D. M. Leatherman and
45 others, citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. R. Sherrard and 49
others, citizens of Chenango, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Dr. J. M. Cummins and
89 others, citizens of Industry, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. Patterson and 86
others, citizens of New Castle, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. DuX: The petition of the deputy
postmaster at Gayles ville, Alabama, and others,
citizens residing near that post office, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Andrew B. Lacy, post-
master, and 40 others, citizens of Madison
county, in the State of Alabama, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of G. W. Malone and 20
others, citizens of De Kalb county, Alabama,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of R. B. Cooke, C. E.
Johnson, and others, citizens of Madison
county, Alabama, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James R. Johnson,
postmaster, and 40 others, citizens residing
near Long Island, Jackson county, Alabama,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Abbott, Down-
ing & Co., coach manufacturers, of Concord,
New Hampshire, for a reduction of the duties
on steel.
Also, the petition of Tibbetts & Brothers, of
Great Falls, New Hampshire, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio: The memorial
of D. H. Pugh, late captain of company B,
twenty-seventh regiment United Stales colored
troops, for relief.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citi-
zens of Sharon, Pennsylvania, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Stoneboro',
Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Brady,
Clarion county, Pennsylvania, of like im-
port.
Also, a petition of citizens of Venango
borough, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of
like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Crawford
county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also,  petition of citizens of Kennard.
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like import,
By Mr. GOLLADAY: Petitions of citi-
zens of Carr Spring, Logan county, Kentucky ;
Hart county, Kentucky; Clifty, Kentucky; Box
Renox, Kentucky; and Amandaville, Cumber-
land county, Kentucky, asking the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kerkmanville,
Todd county, Kentucky, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege.
! By Mr. GRISWOLD : Petitions of postmas-
; ters and others of the thirteenth congressional
; district of New York, to abolish the franking
j privilege.
j By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of citizens
1 of Hamilton, Illinois, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of South Prairie,
Illinois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Blvaston, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lima, Illinois,
for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cordova, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Webster, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Swedona, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Payson, Hlinois,
for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Boston,
Illinois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Warsaw, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Aynumka,
Illinois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Camp Point,
Illinois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chatham, Illi-
nois, praying Congress to provide by law for
compulsorv prepayment of domestic postages.
By Mr. &AY: Petitions of citizens of New
Memphis, Upper Alton, Elkhorn Ridge Prairie,
and other citizens of Illinois, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOAR: Petitions of Charles C.
Wood and others, of West Dudley, Massachu-
setts, and Lewis Bremer and others, of Fay-
ette, Massachusetts, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A remonstrance of cer-
tain parties claiming Goat Island, San Fran-
cisco bay, against the passage of certain bills
now pending before Congress.
Also, memorials for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of Rad Perry, of Gallatin county, Kentucky,
for relief ofpolitical disabilities.
By Mr. JuDD: A petition of Homer Wil-
mouth and others, asking repeal of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of S. S. Williams and
others, asking repeal of the one per cent, tax
on the sale of raw spirits.
Also, petitions to repeal the franking privi-
lege from H. H. Hopkins and others, ot Hyde
Park; Henry Lovering and others, of Calu-
met ; Charles L. Thompson and others, of Oak
Park; Charles H. Dalton and others, of Kanka-
kee ; Thomas D. Mitchel atid others, of South
Northfield; C. F. Vogt and others, of Wheel-
ing ; Thomas Bassett and others, of Witnelka;
H. H. Marcy and others, of Blue Island, and
George Schneider and others, of Wheeling, all
of Illinois.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of Mrs.
Caturah Speer, of Springwater, New York, for
back pension. _
Also, the petition of Mrs. Eliza Benjamin,
of Naples, New York, for back pension.
Also, a petition of 37 lawful voters of Naples,
New York, that the benefits of the bounty act
