3926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The pen-
sions they have deserved of their country, and
which we have withheld from them for more
than fifty years—those are the pensions we will
be taking away. We give pensions to their
comrades, and then propose tS punish them
for their part in the rebellion by refusing pen-
sions to them. Sir, what consideration shall
be given to these old soldiers for their patriotic
valor is not a new question to me. It came
before me in the darkest hour of the late war,
when, because Of a possibility of a revolt of
the inhabitants of the city of New Orleans, I
ordered all the arms in possession of the
people should be surrendered to the military
authorities, an old soldier who served with
Jackson came to me, bringing with him to be
given up the sword he had worn at the first
battle of New Orleans. Said he, " General,
my sympathies are against you ; but this is the
sword that I carried at the battle of Chalmette,
in defense of this city against an invading
army. It never has been sullied; it never
will be. 1 am an old man; I cannot surren-
der my convictions upon this question which
divides the nation. Consider my former ser-
vices to the country; do not take from me my
sword." I listened to the appeal of the old
man then, and he took away with him the
sword which was dear to his heart; and I ask
the House to listen to the appeal of his old
comrades now.
Mr. WILLAIID. I now yield for a few
minutes to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Benton.]
Mr. BENTON. I give my heart, as I shall give
my vote, in favor of this bill. I trustthatthe day
has at length arrived when this Government will
accord a measure of justice to these men who
faithfully followed its flag in the war of 1812.
Two years ago and more this House, by au
almost unanimous vote, decided that the meu
who are specified in this bill should be allowed
pensions. That measure failed to pass the
Senate, on the ground, I suppose, that it would
cost something. Now I have no sympathy with
those men who would refuse pensions because
they would cost something; nor have I any
sympathy with that class of men, some of
whom I see around me here, who would vote
anything that is called a pension for a soldier.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] says that he would not confiscate the
little pittance that is to be allowed to the sol-
dier of the war of 1812, or his widow. Now,
that is a new definition of confiscation; to con-
fiscate that which never existed. 1 had not
supposed that there had been any pension
allowed to the class of men provided for in
this bill. I would say that while I would be
liberal to that remnant of old men who are
now in their slippers, and who were decrepit
and aged during the late war, I would not vote
pensions indiscriminately to men who served
their country and to. those who fought against
it. I would make a distinction in favor of those
who did not exert their influence against the
Government; that class of men I would pen-
sion although they were within the limits of
the rebellious States. But I would not indis-
criminately pension men who fought to sustain
the flag and men who fought against it, or
whose influence at home was equivalent to
taking the field in opposition to the Govern-
ment.
We pension men on account of services ren-
dered in support of the Government. We
have, however, hitherto neglected to pension
the soldiers of 1812, while we have pensioned
soldiers who have come from foreign lands to
fight our battles for us, men who were the de-
scendants of those who fought against us in
the war of 1812. We have neglected our old
veterans of 1812 because it might cost one, two,
or three millions a year to pension those who
sustained our flag and carried it in triumph
and honor through the war of 1812.
As an act of justice to these men who have
fought i'or the defense of the country, 1 demand
for them, in the name of my constituents, this
measure of simple equity.
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield five minutes
to my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Oregon, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I
heartily approve this amendment, and shall
most cheerfully give it my support. I think it
ought to pass. I thought so iu committee ; I
think so still. I am exceedingly gratified to
hear the remarks made on my right in support
of this amendment, for two reasons. One is
that those remarks indicate to my mind that
the amendment will prevail; the other is be-
cause I hope by some reflex influence, or in
some other way, the opinion of this House, as
expressed in this debate, may influence the
rulings of the Secretary of the Interior in re-
gard to cases not embraced in this bill. Every
gentleman who thus far has spoken has assented
to the justice of granting these men pensions
wherever they have not received them. Yet
in point of fact, ever since 1862, the Secretary
of the Interior has taken it for granted that
every man living in the southern States already
receiving a pension, and undoubtedly entitled
to it, forfeited that pension by the fact of his
residence ; and to-day every one of those men
is required to furnish affirmative proof not only
that he was not a rebel, but that he did not
sympathize with rebellion.
Why, sir, it appeared in evidence before the
committee that one soldier of the Mexican war,
who chanced to reside in the State of Tennes-
see, who fled from Tennessee during the war
and fought iu the Union Army in Kentucky,
is to-day denied a pension because he chanced
to be a resident of a rebel State. I hold that
it is monstrous that these men who, as has been
well said, gave the highest proof of their patri-
otism and loyalty on the battle-field, should
be to-day required to prove that in their hearts
they never sympathized with the cause of the
rebels. Why, sir, these old men, seventy-five
and eight v years of age, who were living in the
South while their children and all their asso-
ciates were engaged in the rebellion, must have
been something more or something less than
human not to have had some sort of sympathy
with the community in which they lived. I do
hope that this amendment will prevail, and that
this discussion and the passage of this bill will
infuse into the Secretary of the Interior some
sense of justice, and induce- him to restore
every pensioner whose name has been stricken
from the roll in consequence of the act of
Congress which I have had read this morning.
Mr. WILLAIID. I now yield two minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
teh. ]
Mr. POTTER. I thank the gentleman from
New York for the opportunity to say a single
word with reference to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Winans.]
1 do not conceive it necessary to add anything
to what has been said in support of it. I am
glad to see gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber ready to advocate it as they have
done this morning; and I am glad to learn
from the chairman of the committee that if the
amendment prevails the number of names
thereby added to the pension-rolls will be rela-
tively very small.
We have heard, Mr. Speaker, a great deal
about "universal suffrage and universal am-
nesty." Since we now have " universal suf-
frage," I trust we may have not only in this
bill, but in every other form iu which it can
come before us, ■'universal amnesty."
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to say simply a
word in reference to the amendment which has
been offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Winans] to the first section of this bill. 1 am
heartily in favor of the bill itself, but I am very
decidedly opposed to that amendment. If I
understand tiie principle upon which pensions
are granted, they art? given iu recognition of
services rendered to the United States in time
of war. It is now at this late day proposed to
pay a pension to the soldiers of the war of
1812, embracing many men who are just ready
to fall into the grave. This bill is designed, I
understand, as a bounty for their loyalty, tor
the faithful service they rendered the country in
the day of its peril, when it was invaded by a
foreign foe. But it is proposed by the amend;
ment to pay these pensions to all soldiers of
the war of 1812, regardless of the position
which they may have occupied during the late
war against the Government.
I say I would as soon think of pensioning
every soldier in the rebel ranks and every man
who fought against our flag as to pension the
men of the war of 1812 who engaged in the
rebellion against us. They are no more worthy
of our sympathy, no more worthy of bounty at
the hands of the Government, than young stal-
wart meu who entered the rebellion, perhaps
led on by them as their leaders, or who went
into the rebellion under their influence.
I do not think it becomes this nation to-day
to say it will pension these men in full, whether
they were rebels, or true to the country when
in danger. 1 will not give my vote to pen-
sion a man who either fought against the Gov-
ernment in the late war or who sympathized
with the men who did fight against it. I think
it is due to the men who fought for the country
in the days of peril and danger, who served iu
the war of 1812 and were true in the late war,
to give them a pension. If they proved true
and loyal to the flag in the late war pension
them ; but, in my judgment, Mr. Speaker, this
nation stultifies itself when it proposes to pen-
sion men who fought in the war of 1812 and
who in the war of the rebellion turned round
and made war against it or sympathized with
the rebels.
Mr. POTTER. How about General Long-
str$!t? Is he not pensioned?
Mr. HAWLEY. Whether he is or not I do
not know. I never voted for any pension to
him. Gentlemen who propose to vote for this
amendment I have no doubt three years from
now will be ready to pension the soldiers of
the South upon the same.grouud. They say,
we are one in heart and one in feeling, and
therefore we ought not to discriminate. I say
this feeling has gone abroad to too great an
extent. This Government can afford to be
just aid generous to its defenders, but it can-
not afford to pension men who fought for its
destruction.
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I confess that
I was surprised at the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in reference
to this amendment. Sometimes I am very
much astonished at this House, and at other
times I am not. How it is a man can come
to the conclusion this morning that we will be
so tender to the men who have opposed this
Government in its hour of trial, and will not
require them to support the Constitution of the
United States in an affidavit, and yet require
every man who has been true to the flag shall
take the oath, I cannot understand. The argu-
ment advanced by the gentleman from Ohio is
a discrimination against loyal men and iu.favor
ot treason. It advocates and sustains that
proposition.
Now, sir, I ask gentlemen who say that this
amendment ought to be adopted this question :
for whift do you give a man a pension? Not
for any particular war, but because he fought
to sustain the flag against the enemies of the
country, either external or internal; because
he was wounded or suffers from disease con-
tracted in the service, or because of old age,
we are willing to give him something for his
support. Then answer me this: Jefferson
Davis, General Lee, and others who led the
rebels in the war against the Government were
leading officers in the war with Mexico when
we were not fighting ttn invading foe, but fight-
