1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of Neutrality—Mr. Hoiue.
Senate.
the new district would be the same as in the
present districts for the same services, and
would require no appropriation from the Treas-
ury. If internal taxes continue to be levied and
collected it will become necessary, or at least
expedient, to erectasuitablcbuildingatColum-
bus, as at many other places in the country,
for the accommodation of revenue and post
officers, and little more money will be neces-
sary to add needful accommodations for the
courts proposed to be established.
Much in favor of the bill might be said in
addition, but what I have submitted may suffice
upon the introduction of the bill.
Laws of Neutrality.
SPEECH OF HON. T. O. HOWE,
wisconsin,
In the United States Senate,
February 2, 1870.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill (S. No. 376) more effect-
ually to preserve the neutral relations of theUnited
States-
Mr. HOWE said:
Mr. President : I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That seotions two, three, five,
eight, nine, ten, and eleven of an act entitled "An
aet in addition to the act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States, and to repeal
the acts therein named." approved April 20,1818, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, allow me to
state in the outset briefly the substance of the
several sections of the aet of 1818 which the
pending bill proposes to repeal. The second
section commands that no citizen whatever
and no person, with a few exceptions named
in the proviso, shall within the United States
enlist, or hire another to enlist, or go abroad to
enlist in the military or naval service of any
foreign country.
The third section commands that no per-
son shall within our jurisdiction knowingly be
concerned in furnishing, fitting out, or arming
any vessel with the intent that the same shall
be employed against any foreign Power with
whom we are at peace.
The fifth section commands that no person
shall within our jurisdiction augment the force
of an existing armed vessel by the addition of
a man or a gun, or even by changing a gun of
one caliber for a gun of a larger caliber, if
such vessel is employed against any foreign
Power with which we are at peace.
The eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh sec-
tions are remedial. They authorize bonds to
be required against the violation of these sev-
eral commands, and the Army and Navy to
be employed to enforce them.
These are the provisions which I propose to
repeal. In my judgment they never should
have been placed upon the statute-book. I
am entirely confident that they should be there
no longer, and it seems to me that I can con-
vince the Senate of that fact.1
I am not to-day the advocate of Cuban inde-
pendence ; but, if I understand my purpose, I
am the advocate of American independence
merely. I do not speak in defense of Cuban
rights; I speak in defense of neutral rights.
Nor shall I to-day enter upon the discussion
of that great question, put in issue a few weeks
ago by my colleague [Mr. Carpenter] and by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumnee,] as to whether the Cuban insur-
gents are a "colony, district, or people,"
within the meaning of the act of 1818, or not.
But I say that whether the Cuban insurgents
stand within the protection of that statute or
not, whether Spain is subject to the restrictions
of that statute or not, I protest against the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 6.
statute itself and I ask for its repeal, and I
ground my protest upon two principal reasons.
I say, first, that the statute is an unprecedented,
an unparalleled, an unnecessary, an unjust, and
I think an unconstitutional restriction upon
American trade and American effort; and I
say, second, that the statute is in origin, in
design, and in practical effect and operation
a gross outrage upon all honest and just neu-
trality.
Mr. President, I say the act is unparalleled.
There is nowhere else a law like it. The codes
of the world are before you and you may search
them. You can find nowhere else the likeness
of this statute. The English act known as their
foreign enlistment act, the act of July 19,1819,
comes the nearest to a resemblance to our act
of 1818 of any I know; and that resembles our
law only as those images you sometimes see in
the corn-fields resemble a man. The image
like the man seems to admonish the birds to let
the corn alone, but if the admonition of the
image is unheeded nothing happens to the
birds. If they do not heed the admonition of
the man, he fires. And so the English neutral-
ity act seems to condemn very much the same
conduct which our act condemns ; but what if
the English act be disobeyed ? Very little harm
comes to the violator of it. The only penalties
imposed are fines or imprisonment. If the
Laird Brothers were to be convicted to-morrow
of fitting out the Alabama one single shilling
would satisfy the British statute. A less sum
than that would satisfy British justice evidently,
because even that sum never has been imposed
on them, and yet they confess they did it, did
it openly, and made no secret of doing it.
There has been one prosecution that I know
of for a violation of the British act. A large
and wealthy firm were convicted under that
act of furnishing a crew to one of the British-
built vessels. The firm were sentenced to pay
a fine of fifty pounds altogether. But our act,
on the contrary, bristles with penalties from
beginning to end. Fine and imprisonment both
must be imposed for the lightest offense under
the provisions of our acts. For the lightest
offense known to the act the guilty party, upon
conviction, may be imprisoned a year and may
be fined $1,000. Under one section of out-
law the furnishing of a gun to a Spanish cruiser,
to be carried against France or any other Power
with which Spain may be engaged in war, is
made punishable by imprisonment for five
years and by a fine of $10,000 ; whereas if the
same merchants had built the Shenandoah, to
cruise against our own commerce, they could
only be punished by imprisonment for ten years
and the same fine of $10,000; and in the first
case the vessel would have been forfeited, but
under the last there is no forfeiture.
That is one difference between the British
statute and ours. Another difference is this:
ours is a positive law; what it prohibits it pro-
hibits absolutely. The English statute prohib-
its nothing absolutely. Everything that it pro-
fesses to condemn maybe licensed. Licensed
how? In one of three ways: either by a
proclamation of the queen, by an order in
council, or by a letter of authority bearing "he
sign-manual of the sovereign. Who is the sov-
ereign whose letter can authorize the violation
of the commands of the law? It is the min-
ister; and who is the minister? The breath
of the British people. They make him and
they unmake him. So that the British statute
amounts to this: that the British people cannot
eugage in the traffic which the act condemns,
in terms, unless they want to engage in it; and
if they wish to engage in it they have only to
ask the minister for a letter of authority, and
it is at his disposal. Against our statute there
is no relief but in repeal. Against the Brit-
ish statute any parties of influence can get re-
lief at any time. In 1826 a British officer,
Sir De Lacy Evans, was licensed to take a
legion to Spain and engage in her wars, and
did so.
I say our law is not only unparalleled, but
it is unnecessary. It never was pretended that
it met any American necessity except that of
peace. _ If it met that, or served that, that would
be justification enough for the statute, for there
is no higher interest than that of peace ; but I
deny that it serves the interest of peace in any
way. Those who assertthat assume that every
Government is responsible for the good con-
duct of all its subjects and citizens. I do not
understand such to bo the law. I do not un-
derstand that any Government gives bonds that
its subjects shall keep the peace. I know that
this Government is not responsible for the
trespasses of my neighbor on my rights, nor
for my trespasses on the rights of my neighbor;
and I think much less is the Government re-
sponsible for the trespasses of myself or any
one of my fellow-citizens upon the rights of
any foreign subject or any foreign prince. The
true rule I understand to be that whatever con-
duct the Government authorizes it is respons-
ible for: that any conduct which it has not
authorized it may sanction after its committal,
or it may disavow that conduct and so dis-
charge itself from all responsibility. Yattel,
who goes as far as any author I know or ever
heard of to assert the liability of Governments
for the conduct of their subjects, employs this
language:
"If you let loose the reins to your subjects
against foreign nations these will behavo in the
same manner to you, and instead of that friendly
intercourse which nature has established between
all men we shall see nothing but one vast and
dreadful scene of plunder between nation and
nation.
" However, as it is impossible for the best regu-
lated State, or for the most vigilant and absoluto
sovereign, to model at his pleasure all the actions
of his subjects, and to confine them on every occa-
sion to the most exact obedience, itwould be unjust
to impute to the nation or the sovereign every fault
committed by the citizens. We ought not, then, to
say in geneial that we have received an injury
from a nation because we have received it from one
of its members.
" But if a nation or its chief approves and ratifies
the act of the individual, it then becomes a public
concern; and the injured party,is to consider the
nation as the real author of the injury, of which tho
citizen was perhaps only the instrument.
"If the offended State has in her power the indi-
vidual who has done the injury she may without
scruple bring him to justice and punish him. If ho
has escaped and returned to his own country she
ought to apply to his sovereign to have justice done
in the case. .
" And, since the latter ought not to suficr his sub-
jects to molest the subjects of other States or to do
them an injury, much less to give open, audacious
offense to foreign Powers, he ought to compel the
transgressor to make reparation for the damage or
injury, if possible, or to inflict on him an exemplary
punishment."
Mr. Halleck quotes and approves that rule.
What do they mean by the rule ? Simply that
if a citizen of one country inflicts an injury
within the jurisdiction and upon the rights of
another country, and returns within the juris-
diction of his own Government, the Govern-
ment ought to do one of two things: either
to punish him itself, or to surrender him to be
punished by that Power whose rights he has
violated. But even so explained, this a,uthor
goes further than the law of nations goes.
Every lawyer about me and every man under-
stands perfectly well that this Government has
no tribunal which can try, convict, and punish
a man for an offense committed within a for-
eign jurisdiction; and everybody understands
that this Government, like other Governments,
has absolutely refused to order the extradition
of any man, no matter how guilty he may have
been against other Powers, except in pursu-
ance of positive treaty ; and I know of no treaty
between this Government and any other which
allows the extradition of our citizens for any
political offense whatever. For some of the
higher crimes—I think only four or five are
enumerated in what is known as theAshburton
treaty, murder, robbery, assault with intent to
