1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4871
to another, so as to make it still easier, I will
not undertake to say.
But, sir, here the capital is, liere it is likely
to nuiium; and I wonder any gentleman who
pproaclies it from any direction does not feel
so muck shame at its surroundings as to be
willing to appropriate, as this bill proposes, a'
reasonable amount for the purpose of making it
decent in its approaches; making its surround-
ings as creditable as this great and magnificent
building itself. I trust, therefore, not a dollar
will be taken from this appropriation.
The question recurred on the amendment to
the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
aj;es 9, noes 50; no quorum voting.
"So, no further count being demanded, the
amendment to the amendmentwasdisagreed to.
The amendment was then rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
For finishing and repairing the work on the new
Dome of the O'nntol.Si.OUO.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. I move to insert the
following:
For enlarging the doorways or openings in the
passages between tile Senate and House wings of the
Oapito!, and removing the bronze doors from the
passage to them, which now obstruct one of said
passages, $10,009.
Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt that it has
occurred to other members than myself that
the doorways between this and the other end
of the Capitol are narrow and insignificant.
They do not at all conform to the character of
the building. We have a small, low doorway
in a lofty, handsome passage between the two
wings of this great Capitol. It is not suitable.
It is insignificant. It is a mean passage, a
constant obstruction, and ought lobe removed.
In reference to the bronze doors, it must
have occurred to every member that where
they are they are a great nuisance. Strangers
gather round and block up the wiy so that it is
often difficult to get by. It is not a proper
place for those doors. Many pieces of the
'bronze have been chipped off and carried away
by strangers as curiosities of the Capitol.
Now, Air. Chairman, these bronze doors
should be removed outside to the east front
of this wing in the same situation relatively as
the bronze doors of the "Senate wing. Thoy
should be used for outside duty and not for
inside duty. They should certainly, however,
be removed from their present location, where
they are an obstruction to the passage, where
t hey cannot be seen well, and where thev are
by no means safe from injury. I do not say
where they shall be placed, but I leave it to the
architect to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offered a resolution at
one time for the removal of those bronze doors.
The architect of the Capitol was instructed to
remove those doors for the reasons which the
gentleman has assigned. The design was that
they should be placed on the east front of this
wing ; but the architect reported that the mar-
ble door was not of a size fitted for the purpose.
I am in favor of the gentleman's proposition
for the removal of those doors; but it should
not only provide for the removal of the doors,
but for placing them at some suitable place in
the exterior of the building.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that modification being made to my propo-
sition.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's amend-
\ ment now provides only for removing the doors.
I propose not only to remove I hem, but to pro-
f vide for placing them at some suitable exterior
entrance to this wing.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I trust this
House will not by an amendment put on this
appropriation bill, without any consideration
^whatever, undertake to destroy the arcliitect-
"'ural plan on which this building has been con-
structed, and especially when the gentleman, a
gentleman of taste and skill, and I have no doubt
learned in architecture himself, states that
lie does not know what we had better do in
placing these bronze doors after they have been
removed. The convenience of the passage
between the two wings of course must be
looked to ; but if it be as he now says it will
not help the matter by enlarging the door to
which he refers, when we have doors of the
same size at the entrance to this and to the
other Hall. If the small doorway approaching
to this Hall troubles my friend from Illinois, if
he cannot get, through the door behind him at
the present size, I ask him to turn round and
say how we are to enlarge it. If we enlarge
one we shall have to enlarge them all.
\vre might all of us, especially those who have
seen a good deal of the world and visited mag-
nificent buildings elsewhere, suggest an im-
provement upon this building that would
enhance its beauty and its convenience ; there
is not a member of the House but could do
that ; I think I could myself. Bat I submit
whether it is exactly proper, in connection with
an appropriation bill, to undertake here with-
out due consideration to alter the whole plan.
When it was stated some years ago by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] that lie
could not get to the Senate Chamber because
there were obstacles in the way, the architect
of the building reported that if you enlarged
that approach as you went out of the old Hall
into the Rotunda you would let the framework
of the Dome down : that it was already settling
down, and if you enlarged that approach it
would come down about your ears. And we
have heard no more of it until my fiiendfrom
Illinois [Mr. Fauxsworth] has got his eye on
the Senate, and wants the way to the other end
of the Capitol improved, so that he may find
no obstacle in his passage to that body. I sub-
mit that it is a pretty good passage as it is, and
that if we are to enlarge it we should have
some architect who knows more about it than
we do, and who can devote more of his time to
it than we possibly can iti a five-minutes con-
sideration of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I move to amend it
by increasing the amount, from §10,000 to
811,000. I do this to enable me to add a few
words to what I have already said. In order
to see the necessity of what I propose, I think
members have only to look through, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
invites them to do. iioin the House to the Sen-
ate. The gentleman is mistaken when he sup-
posed that I asked that the door by which we
have access to this Hall shall be enlarged, and
that the entrance to (he Senate Chamber shall
be enlarged. The door hero is large enough
for my iriend or myself to enter the House,
and I have no doubt the door of the Senate
Chamber is large enough for him also. Bat
this is not the point. The crowds who flock to
the Capitol do not enter the Senate Hall nor
the House Hall, but they do flock from one
wing to the other and obstruct the passage.
Let any gentleman stand in the center of the
corridor, and he will see that the obstruction
is chiefly at the doorways into the Rotunda on
the other side of the old Hall of Representa-
tives. My friend from Massachusetts is too
good an architect to pronounce the judgment
himself that alteration in those doorways can-
not be made with safety. They are low, and
the casings are wooden,not marble nor iron,nor
made of any other kind of metal. And there
are corresponding doors from the Rotunda on
the other side, insignificant doorways in a lofty,
handsome passage. It is like putting new wine
into old bottles; it is half doing the thing.
Now, it would be a very insignificant expense
io enlarge those doorways a little. I do not
know that it would be necessary that a vote
for that purpose should go through the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I observe that the
committee have expended considerable time
in putting several private claims at the end of
this bill, many of them claims, too. which have
been resisted and opposed by several of the
committees of this House. And 1 suppose it
is because the committee have spent their time
in manipulating little private claims and stick-
ing them into an appropriation bill that they
have not had time to look after matters such
as this which I now bring under the attention
of the House.
Mr; CONGER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I understand that it is proposed prear-
range the whole of the doorways and the pas-
sage between the House and the Senate. I
understand that this is in order that members
of the House may be admitted into the Senate
Hall more readily. Now, I would suggest that
the doorways by which ambitious gentlemen
may pass from this House to the Senate are
not in this Capitol, but are in the States. It is
there that ambitious men must look for the
passage by which they may pass from this
body to the Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. SWANN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] whether
or not the improvement he proposes has been
recommended by a competent architect—
whether it has been recommended by the
architect of the Capitol, or by any other upon
whose skill and judgment reliance can bo
placed?
Now, sir, I am disposed to favor the amend-
ment of the honorablegentleman from Illinois.
These doors are high works of art, and the
ground upon which I would advocate the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is that
they should be placed in a position where they
can be appreciated by the public.
It is well known that where they stand now
they are buried. There is no one who has had
an opportunity to examine these works of art,
which 1 myself appreciate and which are appre-
ciated by the country, who will not say that
they are now in such a position that they can-
not be seen to advantage. I tlnnk, therefore,
that if the suggestion is made here by any com-
petent architect that will bring these works of
art into such a position that they will be seen
by the public, it will be an improvement that
I do not think any gentleman in this House
could object to. I do not mean to say that it
wilt require an expenditure of §10,000. I do
not mean to pronounce an opinion as to the
propriety of enlarging all these doors from
the House of Representatives to the Senate,
although I am rather disposed to think that an
enlargement is necessary in order to give
proper effect to this building. Bat I do say
that in the position in which these doors stand
now they aie at a great disadvantage; they are
not doing justice to the artist who conceivcd
these designs ; and I will cordially unite with
the gentleman from Illinois in any suggestion
which may bring these great works of art into
such a position as will not only do justice to the
artist who conceived them, but will be credit-
able to this building. I therefore cordially
cooperate with the honorable gentleman from
Illinois in the suggestion which he makes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. If the suggestion of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
were what the gentleman irom Maryland [Mr.
Swaxs] supposes, no one would object to it.
That the bronze doors are in the wrong place
is admitted by the architect of the building;
that he docs not intend to keep them there is
well known to those who have knowledge of
his plans. 'They were placed where they no^'
are temporarily while the architect was waiting
for their counterparts to arrive. They have
arrived and have been placed at the front of the
Senate Chamber. The original design was to
put them both in the Rotunda, It was found
impossible to put them in the Rotunda. When
the first ones came they were placed temporarily
where they now are. The last ones have been
put in the front of the Senate Chamber, and
it is designed ultimately to put the others in
front of this House. But that is not the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois. His
proposition is to enlarge these approaches to
the Senate and the House from the Rotunda.
