1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing an external foe and invading their country.
It requires more patriotism, or as much at
least, to go out of the country to sustain our
flag as to sustain it from invasio%from a for-
eign foe. A man who fought in the war of
1812 against the invaders is no more a patriot
than the man who fought in 1846 and 1847
against a foreign enemy upon a foreign soil. I
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] or the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bwgham] if Davis or Lee or any other of
these men had been pensioned by the Govern-
ment for their fidelity to the flag in the Mex-
ican war whether he would stand up here with
the same remarks in favor of them, and to say
they should not swear to support the Constitu-
tion. but they should have their pension ex-
tended to them, although they had attempted
to destroy the Government? The principle is
not correct ; it is not patriotic. It is a princi-
ple of discrimination against the friends of the
Government and in favor of its enemies; in
favor of the men who if they could would have
stamped out and destroyed the Government.
I am iu favor of a general measure for giving
these pensions. Two years ago my voice was
raised in this Hall in favor of a bill similar to
this, which passed this House with great una-
nimity, but which was defeated in the Senate.
But I cannot advocate such a proposition as is
contained in this amendment, because in my
judgment it is simply monstrous. I am not
acquainted with the facts, but perhaps it is
true that some few of the. officers and men
who fought in the war of 1812 on behalf of the
Government were engaged, notwithstanding
that they were old, in the late rebellion against
the Government. If, then, they attempted to
destroy that Government which they once
favored, why should you pension them ? For-
sooth, because they were once true and loyal!
I do not "think that would be in accordance
with any true theory of loyalty to the Go^rn-
ment. I say it is the man who sustained this
Government through all its perils who ought
to be supported and sustained. It is the man
who proves himself true at every hour and
every moment, in darkness and in sunlight, in
storm and in fair weather—it is that man who
should receive the sympathy of this Govern-
ment and who should be pensioned, because
under all circumstances alike he has stood by
that flag which waves over the freemen of this
land. 4
I never will consent to pension for past ser-
vices any man who has subsequently attempted
to destroy our Government. Nor will I agree
that any man shall ever receive a pension from
this Government for either past or present ser-
vices who shall not be required to swear that
he will support the Constitution of the United
States, and that he has at no time attempted
to destroy the Government from which he asks
protection and a pension, livery man to-day
in the North and in the South who receives a
pension from this Government has to take the
oath which is prescribed in this bill, that he
has not been a traitor or inimical to the Gov-
ernment. He has to swear that before he can
receive a pension. I say, why make the dis-
tinction proposed by this amendment, and give
these men pensions on affidavits different from
those required of others?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
says it will be an insult to an old soldier to ask
him to swear to support the Constitution. Has
it indeed come to this, that an old veteran,
who has been true to the flag during the late
war,-will feel insulted because you ask him to
swear to support the Constitution? I say that
hour has not yet come, and if that hour shall
ever come your Government will then have no
strength. The true patriot, the true lover of his
country, ^rill swearto support the Constitution
of the country every day, before breakfast and
after breakfast, before dinner and after dinner,
before retiring at nightandbefore rising in the
morning. No patriot will be afraid to take
that oath or will be ashamed to take it. And
the patriotism of that man who would recoil
on a request to take that oath to support the
Constitution is a patriotism in so dead a slum-
ber that it never can be resurrected, no mat-
ter what perils may threaten our body-politic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MUNGEN asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have printed in the Globe,
as a part of the debates, some remarks he had
prepared upon the bill; which remarks were
as follows:
Mr. Speaker, the pittance justly duefor long,
long years to the soldiers of the war of 1812
should be given without a grudge. There
should be no "ifs," " ands," '• provisos,"
"lets," or " hinderances " contained in the
bill now before the House. The question of
" loyalty " might as well be raised and argued
against the infant children of those who were
engaged in the rebellion against us. Old, worn-
out veterans, the mere remnant of those gallant
men who fought at the Thames, the River
Raisin, Tippecanoe, Lundy'sLane, Chippewa,
Qneenstown, Piattsburg, and New Orleans,
ask, at the hands of a Government they were
instrumental in maintaining and preserving, a
crumb in the evening of their lives. Alas, how
few of them remain 1 We might as well talk
about the loyalty of the four or five revolution-
ary soldiers who still survive.
1 have seen, perhaps, hundreds of thousands
of men in arms during the late rebellion, and
to my knowledge there was not one man iu the
army on either side who had participated in
the war of 1812. The laws of nature forbade
such a thing. The physical powers of men
who were in the vigor of early manhood fifty-
five or sixty years ago would not allow them to
engage in the recent contest. There certainly
was not a man who was a soldier in the war
of 1812, who at the outbreak of the rebellion
was less that seventy-six years of age. This is
allowing that they entered the service in the
war of 1812 at the early age of eighteen, which
is certainly a very early period to engage in the
profession of a soldier. Who will suppose that
any of those men were engaged in the late
struggle?
Ah! but some gentleman suggests that these
old veterans may have given "aid and com-
fort'1 to the confederates, may have sympa-
thized with them. It may be that some of
the old men of the South who fought against
England on the Canadian frontier with Scott,
Macomb, and other heroes of that war, had
sons, grandsons, perhaps great grandsons in
the confederate service, and, if so, they, by the
inexorable laws of nature, by the laws of pater-
nity, by the ties which bind families together,
by the law which makes the parent love his child
doubtless those old heroes "sympathized"
with their children and their children's chil-
dren in that struggle. But that sympathy is
certainly not more reprehensible, more crimi-
nal, more "disloyal" than the love the children,
the sons and daughters, the younger brothers
and sisters of the confederate soldiers, bore
toward their loved ones immediately engaged
in that conflict. Who cannot shed a tear of
sympathy with that mother, that daughter, that
wife, that child, who, regardless of what the
world may say, still clings toherson, her father,
brother, husband, to his last moment, although
he is the most guilty felon on earth, and justly
expiates his crimes on the scaffold? Who
that has a heart in him can fail to love and re-
spect the old heroes of the war of 1812? Who
will deny them a mere nominal sum to keep
soul and body together because their children,
grandchildren, or great graudchildren, whom
God made them love, were in the confederate
army?
The case put by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] is not analogous. Jefferson Davis,
Robert E. Lee, and many others who were
prominent in the confederacy, and who won
immortal glory on the fields of Mexico, went
into the war of the rebellion of their own voli-
tion and of their own accord. The same rule
cannot apply to them and to the . old veter-
ans of 1812. Humanity, Christianity, common
sense forbid.
A few stragglers left on the pathway of life,
the rear-guard of those old heroes, the veter-
ans of a war with England, separated by a few
brief days from the companions of that war,
who will raise the question of their loyalty?
Let us be just to them while we have it in our
power. In the grave, to which they are rapidly
hastening, we cannot show them any apprecia-
tion of our regard of which they will be con-
scious. No costly marble reared above the sod
which will soon enwrap them, no eulogy uttered
over their graves, tells half so truly how we
love, cherish, and respect them as to gener-
ously allow a pension for their remaining days,
"Now dwindle^ to the shortest span."
Mr. WILLARD. I yield for a moment to
my colleague on the committee from Ohio,
[Mr. Winaxs.]
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, in view of
the speech made 
Mr. WILLARD. I yielded to my colleague
to allow him to offer a modification of his
amendment, not to make remarks.
•Mr. WINANS. Then I shall not make any
remarks. I desire to modify the amendment
which I offered by excepting from the provis-
ion to strike out, the concluding words of the
section, "and who shall take and subscribe an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States."
Mr. NEGLEY. I object. I*-a"m opposed to
the gentleman's amendment in any shape in
which he can put it.
Mr. WILLARD. I yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that the
policy to which this bill gives effect is one
which I have invariably advocated. It will be
recollected that a bill, similar in its general
scope, passed the House during last Congress,
and failed in the Senate by a single vote. I
could wish that this bill had been a little more
comprehensive. I would have been glad if it
had included all soldiers of the war of 1812,
and had left out the element of poverty as a
qualification for a pension. I would have been
glad that the pension might have taken effect
from the passage of the bill instead of from
the time when the claimant may be able, after
these many years have elapsed, to establish his
claim before the Department. The bill, how-
ever, as it is drawn, shall receive my support.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wixans] I cannot acquiesce
in. It is in my opinion unjust, not only to
the Government, but unjust to the loyal ob-
jects who are the proposed beneficiaries. In
the region of country in which I live, it isbut
justice to say, most of the old soldiers remained
true to the flag during the rebellion. Some of
them, old as they were, reentered the service
and attempted with their enfeebled arms to
assist in the suppression of therebellion. There
were exceptions, however. There were those
who took strong and decided ground against the
Government and in favor of the rebellion.
There is no principle ofjustice, in myopinion;
which would require the Government, or of
policy which should induce the Government, to
include them in the provisions of this biM ; and
I think I but express the sentiment of every
loyal old soldier in my part of the country when
I say that he would feel great regret if he found
himself placed on the pension-roll of the De-
partment side by side with his old comrades who
so far forgot their patriotism during the trial of
the country as to take part-with the enemies ot
the country. I think I know many who would
rather go to their graves, left off from the pen-
sion-roll altogether, than find themselves placed
there with no discrimination made between their
loyalty to the Government in its hour of trial
and the disloyalty of those who took part with
the enemies of the country. I trust that out
of regard to the feelings and to the attitude Oi
that portion of the old soldieis the loyal old
