2984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
modation to a very large and important source
from which that revenue is drawn. I ask that
these amendments be made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply state that
there was a division of opinion in the commit-
tee" as_ to this joint resolution, a majority in-
structing me to make an adverse report upon it.
I do not suppose the resolution can possibly
pass without an extended discussion, because it
involves questions of considerable magnitude,
and the report of the committee is in accord-
ance with the views and wishes of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, who does not
think it advisable under existing circumstances
to extend this time; and of course the Senate
would not be willing to overrule his decision
on the subject without considerable discus-
sion.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. MORRILL, of
Vermont. Let it go over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it had better
go over on that account. 1 should be very glad
to have action taken upon it, because I know
that many persons are interested in this ques-
tion and desire to have it settled one way or
the other; but I am confident it would take a
large portion of the day to dispose of the res-
olution ; and therefore it had better go over.
Mr. BlfYARD. I am not aware that the
Senator from Oregon desires to discuss it; but
I am aware it has occupied his attention in
committee, and his opinion is probably made
up on the subject. If other Senators desire to
discuss it of course it will have to go over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am advised that other
Senators do desire to discuss it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution is.objected to; and the next bill on
the Oalendar will be stated.
CAPT0UED C0BAN INSURGENTS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 152) in relation to
the conduct of the Spanish Government in its
treatment of captnred Cuban insurgents.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed. i
The motion was agreed to. |
JAMES M. ELLISON. I
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 648) for the relief of James M. Ellison. ,
. The Secretary read the bill. It proposes
to refer the claim of James M. Ellison against
the United States for his property, which he
alleges was seized by the troops and military
authorities of the United States, at or near the |
town of Williamsburg, in the county of James !
City, in the State of Virginia, in the years 1862,
1868, and 1864, and used by the troops and \
military authorities, (consisting of houses of J
various descriptions, lumber, fencing, fire-wood j
cut and corded, horses, mules, wagon, harness, i
and portable steam saw-mill,) to the Court of j
Claims, which is vested with jurisdiction in the <
premises, and whose doty it is to be to invest- j
igate and determine what amount of property
belonging to James M. Ellison was actually
taken and used by the troops and military au-
thorities, and' the value thereof, and whether
the United States are liable to make compen-
sation therefor, and if so, the amount of the
compensation, on the principles of justice and
equity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That bill
evidently involves too important a principle !
to be disposed of without discussion. Let it ;
go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection f
being made, the next bill will be reported. |
STOCK BRIDGE AND MUNSEE INDIANS. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill j
(S. No. 610) for the relief of the Stockbridge i
and Munsee tribe of Indians in the State of j
Wisconsin;- which was considered as in Com- j
mittee of the Whole, ■ j
The. Committee on ludian Affairs reported j
the bill with amendments. j
The first amendment was in section three, i
line five, after the word ''appraisers," to strike
out the following words:
And the amount of the debts contracted by the
sachem and councilors for the benefit of said tribes,
amounting to the sura of , according to a sched-
ule to be certified by them, and returned to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
So that the section will read:
That from the first proceeds of the sale of lands,
as provided in the second section of this act, shall
be paid the expenses of appraisal and sale of said
lands, the amounts due to individuals for improve-
ments as returned by the appraisers.
Mr. HOWE. Before the question is taken
on striking out I move to fill that blank with
"$11,000."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment being
agreed to, the amendment proposed by the
committee probably ought not to be adopted.
The difficulty with the committee was that they
were not aware of the amount of indebtedness
that ought to be paid. Since the bill was
reported, however, the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has looked into the matter and satisfied
himself that this amount ought to be paid, and
on his statement the committee will agree that
that amendment be rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
coipmittee.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section five,
lines ten and eleven, to strike out the words
"funded for their benefit, and the annual
interest thereof." and to insert the words
"placed to their credit on the books of the
Treasurer of the United States, and bear in-
terest at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually ; and said interest shall
be; " and in lines twenty-five and twenty-six,
to strike out the words " funded for their ben-
efit so that the section will read:
That the sum of money thus found due to the said
tribes shall be divided between the citizen and In-
dian parties of said tribes in proportion to the num-
ber of each respectively, according to rolls thereof,
made and returned in conformity with the provisions
of this act to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
That portion of said sum belonging to the citizen
party shall be equally divided among them per capita
and paid to theheadsof families and adult members
of said party. That portion of said sum belonging
to the Indian party shall bo placed to their credit on
the books of the Treasurer of the United States and
bear interest at the rate of five per cent, per an-
num, payable semi-annually; and said interest shall
be applied to the support of schools, the purchase
of agricultural implements, or paid in such other
mannor as the President may direct: Provided, hoio-
ever, That a part of said sum duo the Indian party,
not exceeding $30,000, may, on the request of the
sachem and councilors of said tribe, be expended in
securing a new location for said tribe, and in remov-
ing and aiding them to establish themselves in their
new home; and in case of their procuring and re-
moval to such new location at any time th« said eight-
een sections of land reserved for their use by the
second section of this act shall be sold in the manner
therein provided, and the proceeds thereof be placed
to their credit as aforesaid. ]
The amendment was agreed to, j
The next amendment was in section seven, j
lines seven and eight, to strike out the words
" a descendant of some one of said tribe," and
insert the words "of Indian descent;" and in
line nine, after the word " void," to strike out
the words "except with the approval of the
Commissioner of ludian Affairs;" so that the
section will read: '
That after the said rolls shall have been made and
returned the said Indian party shall thenceforth be
known as the " Stockbridge tribe of Indians," and
may be located upon lands reserved by the second
section of this act, or such other reservation as may
be procured for them with the assent of the council
of said tribe, and their adoption among them of any
individual not of Indian descent shall be null and
void.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a small amend-
ment on page 6, section six, line twenty, which
was omitted in the reading of the amendments.
It is 1o insert the word " of" before the words
14 said rolls."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a
verbal amendment, and will be made if there
be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DISPOSITION OF MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 569) to provide for the disposition of
useless military reservations ; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to empower the Secretary of War to
transfer to the custody and control of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, for disposition accord-
ing to the existing laws of the United States
relating to the public lands, the United States
military reservations at Forts Lane and Walla
Walla, in the State of Oregon ; Fort Zarah, in
the State of Kausas; Camp McGarry, in the
State of Nevada; Fort Sumner, in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico; and such portions of the
reservation at Fort Bridger, in the Territory
of Wyoming, as may no longer be required for
military purposes.
The Committee on Military Affairs had re-
ported the bill, with an amendment, to insert
in line ten, after "New Mexico," the follow-
ing: "Forts Jessupand Sabine,in the State of
Louisiana; Fort Wayne, in the State of Ark-
ansas ; Fort Collins, in the Territory of Col-
orado."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose the following
amendment:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the right is
hereby granted to Dalles City to have and use the
waters of Mill creek, flowing through the military
reservation of Fort Dalles, Oregon, and the right of
Way to convey the same through sivid reservation for
the purpose of supplying Dalles City with water and
for manufacturing purposes.
Sbc. 3. And be it further enacted. That permission is
granted to the corporated authorities of Dalles City
to extend Liberty street southerly, on the line of the
same, through said reservation, and the land lying
east thereof be, and the same is, granted to said
Dalles City, in fee, upon tho payment to the United
States therefor of the sum of five dollars per acre.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the land
hereby granted to said city shall be surveyed under
the direction of the surveyor general for the State
of Oregon, upon application to him made by the
mayor of said city; and the expenses of such^urvey
shall bo paid by said Dalles City.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that this proposition has
been before the Committee on Military Affairs
and reported. It relates to a military reserva-
tion at Dalles City, in the State of Oregon, and
simply provides that the right of way for water
purposes may be granted to the city. They
now have the right of way by permission of the
military authorities, and the city is supplied with
water from a ditch or creek crossing this reser-
vation. Besides that there is a small part of the
reservation that lies east of a certain street if
extended, Liberty street, and the city wants
thatproperty as a site for a school-house. There
are no improvements on it. The reservation
altogether is of no value to the United States,
and is entirely abandoned except where there
are improvements on it; and this is simply to
give to the city a small portion of the reserva-
tion, which is of no value to the United States,
: for a nominal sum. I had the facts all here
I and a map when the bill was reported.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. POMEROY. Before the word "laws,"
| in line six of the bill, I move to insert the
word " preemption ;" so that it will read :
i For disposition according to tho existing preemp-
tion laws of the United States relating to public
lands.
| I do this because these military reservations
II ought not to be opened to homestead settlers,
| but they should be sold at $1 25 an acre under
11 the preemption laws. They are worth $1 25
| an acre, and they should only be administered
upon under the preemption laws of the United
,, States. That is the reason I move the amend-
;j ment.
j Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator if his
|j amendment will not confine it to the price of
il $1 25 per acre ?
