3928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
soldiers—this distinction will not be left out of
the bill. It >s wise, it is right, it is jftst, and in
a larger sense it is politic, because, permit me
to say, our pension system is but a part of the
general military policy of our country that has
obtained, from the beginning, to pay men for
lighting rather than that they should fight for
pay. Let them understand that the country has
a claim, on every one of her citizens whose ser-
vices she may require; but that afterward, when
that time has passed, she will provide for them.
That policy has obtained from the first; it is a
wise policy,_andithas made us a powerful and
efficient nation in the time of our wars without
maintaining a standing army in time of peace.
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Culloji.]
Mr. CULLOM. I do n'ot waut one minute.
I desire simply to say that I think it is the judg-
ment of the House that some bill granting pen-
sions to the soldiers of the war ot' 1812 ought
to pass, and I think that it is clearly the judg-
ment of this House that this amendment, pro-
posing to make no discrimination between those
who sympathized with the rebellion and those
who were in favor ot the Union, ought not to be
adopted. I hope we will have a vote on the bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I yield for a few minutes
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. RICE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
occupy but a moment of the time of the
House in what I have to say in reference to
(the hill now under consideration. Petitions
have been presented from every section of the
country, and memorials from the Legislatures
of several of the States, asking Congress to
pass a law granting a pension to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812. These petitions
and memorials ask you not only to pension
those who are in indigent circumstances, or
dependent upon their own labor, orupon others
for their support, but that Congress shall grant
a pension to all the surviving veterans of that
war, and to the widows of those deceased. A
bill embodying the broad and liberal provisions
asked by the memorialists would receive my
earnest support. And I much preferred that
such a bill should have been reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
Way of 1812 for the consideration of the House
than the one now engaging our attention ; and
1 believe that such a preference was shared by
a majority, if not by all, of the members of the
committee. But the committee, yielding to the
demands for retrenchment, and abating their
vie<vs to avoid the criticism and clamor of self-
styled economists, presented this measure, re-
garding it as the very least that Congress could
think of doing for the relief of the old soldiers
if it was proposed or intended by Congress to
do anything at all in that direction. Yet, sir,
this bill so meager in the relief proposed, so
shorn of the just and liberal provisions that
should accompany a measure like this, so fat-
short of what in equity and justice should be
done by Congress in this regard, is doubtful
of becoming a law.
This bill proposes to pension only such of
the- officers and soldiers, including militia and
volunteers of the military and naval service,
who served consecutively for three months in
the war with Great Britain of 1812, and were
honorably discharged from said service, and
•who at no time during the lute rebellion vol-
untarily adhered to the cause of the enemies
of the Government-, giving them aid and com-
fort, and who are in circumstances which len-
der them dependent upon their own labor or
upon others for their support. The rate of
pension proposed is eight dollars per month
from and after the passage of the act. The
beneficiaries under this law, according to the
most extravagant calculation, will not exceed
twenty-five thousand. You will find, by refer-
ring to the records, (hat the whole number of
those engaged in the war of 1812, including
regulars, enlisted men, volunteers, and those
drafted in the land and naval foices who served
the full term of three months consecutively,
were 255,147, classified as follows:
Soldiers who served twelve months in the regular
Army         ... 38,186
Sailors and marines who served in the Havy.. 17,816
Militia who served three months.r... 125,613
Total            255,147
It is' now nearly fifty-eight years since war
was declared by the United States against
Great Britain, and lacking but a few months
of fifty-six years since it terminated by the
treaty of peace at Ghent. Suppose the aver-
age* ages of those who served in that war to
have been twenty-two years at date of their
enlistment, and it makes the survivors of that
Struggle eighty years old at the present time,
ten years in excess of the time allotted to man
to live, according to that good book that we
hear so often quoted yet witness such little prac-
tice of its excellent precepts. Allowing, sir,
what we know is not true in fact, that none
who served for three months were killed in
battle or died in hospital of disease contracted
by exposure in camp or bivouac, say that one
in ten of the 255,147 who served in that war
are alive to-day, no one, I presume, will contend
that a greater proportion than one tenth are
living. This will make the number now sur-
viving 25,511; granting that all those surviving
will come within the provisions and limitations
of this act, and the sum required to pay the pen-
sions contemplated bythisbill, takingtheabove
as the estimate, amounts to $2,449,344. I am
aware that this is largely in excess of what will
really be drawn from the Treasury for this pur-
pose. I have stated it thus large that those who
propose to preach economy, or join in with the
retrenchment refrain in connection with this
measure, may have the full benefit of the very
highest figure that can by any possibility be
reached in the payment of these pensions. But,
sir, take from this estimatethecasualties of the
war, and for those who are fortunate enough to
possess a competency of this world's goods, or
who are now receiving pensions under the in-
valid pension law or by reason of special acts
of Congress passed from time to time, and 1
am perfectly satisfied the amount that will be
required to meet the purposes of this bill, should
it become a law, will not exceed §2,000,000 per
annum. If the bill, as proposed, is so amended
as to pension the widows of the soldiers of the
war of 1812, and strike out the limitation as to
loyalty—amendments, sir, for which I shall
cheerfully vote—then, in that case, the amount,
in my judgment, will not exceed $5,000,000
per annum. But even if it double that sum 1
should not hesitate to vote for and urge its
passage ; and in doing so I am satisfied I would
but reflect the will of the generous constituency
I have the honor to represent on this floor.
Sir, if the amount necessary to meet the
requirements of this bill were $10,000,000 per
annum, instead of two or four millions, Con-
gress should not hesitate to pass it; for, sir,
aside from the justice of the measure, in the
coming time, when the bitter passions of the
present hour shall have been forgotten, when
the hatreds engendered by the war shall have
passed away, when a liberal statesmanship shall
have taken the place of partisanship, then, sir,
this will be one of the very few measures passed
by this Congress to which we can refer with an
honest pride. Year after year these old heroes
who at Lundy's Lane, Lake Erie, the Thames,
and New Orleans shed imperishable glory
upon the American name have petitioned Con-
gress to make a suitable and just recognition
for the valuable services rendered by them to
the Government. They have asked Congress
to grant them a small pittance to ease the rugged
path of old age. Thus far their petitions have
been slighted and they turned from your doors
empty-handed. Shall Congress disregard their
petitions longer ? Shall we tell these old vet-
erans, some of whom we meet day after day
tottering upon their crutches along the eorri-
dois ot this Capitol, that while we recognize
the justness of their claims apd the duty of the
Government to respond to their demands, ye.t
they must be put aside, while measures with
less merit jnd..schemes void of justice, but
urged- by Strong lobbies with arguments more
persuasive than the old soldier can offer, must
be looked after and passed through ?
Mr. Speaker, I can conceive of no argument
that can be urged by any one against the jus-
tice of this measure. The only objection that
is or Can be made by those who oppose it is
that .the amount required to pay the pensions
should not, in the present condition of the
Treasury, be imposed upon a people already
heavily taxed to meet the requirements of Gov-
ernment. While admitting the force of this
objection, I cannot agree that it should defeat
a measure that appeals so strongly to^ our sense
of justice, or restrain us from performing a
duty we owe to a class of persons who are
rapidly passing from among us. Sir, the effort
or disposition to economize in the expendi-
tures of Government is commendable at all
times, and more particularly is it to bo com-
mended when it looks to the relief of a people
so heavily taxed as ourselves; but to refuse to
pass a measure like this because of the small
amount that is proposed to be drawn from the
Treasury is not economy but parsimony, not
retrenchment but gross injustice. The objec-
tion to this bill in the interest, of economy, or
because of the pretended extravagance of the
appropriation contemplated, is strangely out of
place in these Halls, in view of the extrav-
agance that has for a fetv years past and does
at present characterize every department of
the Government.
Why, sir, only a year or more ago we invested
$7,000,000 in gold for the purchase of icebergs
around the north pole. A few millions more
was proposed to be invested in the purchase of
earthquakes and volcanoes and sucfi islands as
might be thrown up by these convulsions in the
Caribbean sea. Negotiations that if consum-
mated will cost several millions are now in
progress (favored, it is said, by the President)
for the purchase and annexation of the isle of
Dominica, inhabited by a people who know
nothing but revolution and who indulge iti
massacres as a matter of amusement. We
have kept up at an expense of millions to
the tax-payers of the country a Freedmen's
Bureau i:i the southern States, established and
admiiustered for the benefit of the negroes ol
those States, arid a bill has passed this House
during this session to continue the educational
department of the Freedmen's Bureau at a cost
to the Treasury of hundreds of thousands of
dollars.
Congress has given the bonds of the Gov-
ernment, amounting to $00,01)0,000, to a rail-
road company to aid ill the construction of
a road to the Pacific coast, besides granting to
the corporation millions of acres of the pub-
lic domain. Only two days ago this Congress,
while in one of its spasms of economy with
which it is so often afflicted, gave to another
railroad corporation a portion of the public
domain as large in area as the States of Ken-
tucky and Ohio. Following the example of
other Congresses, we have during this session
appropriated of the people's money $30,000 to
feed and clothe persons in this District who
are able to work, but will not so long as they
are fed at the public expense; near twenty
million dollars wrung from the tax-payers hava
within the last twelve months, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, been given to bond-
holders as a premium upon the bonds of the
Government that, under the law of the con-
tract, should have been redeemed at par.
There have been retained in the Treasury
Department, without authority of law, sixteen
hundred persons, at a cost of $1,900,000. The
Secretary of the Navy, by a mere dash of the
pen, without consulting Congress or saying by
your leave, gentlemen, takes from the Treasury
$3,700,000 and adds it to the pay of the offi-
cers of the Navy. During the Fortieth Coa-
