2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Shall we disrsgard these admonitory figures,
go closely connected with the welfare of our
country? Shall we ignore the effect each
change of tariff has had upon the prosperity
of the people of the nation at large? If so,
shall we disregard the movement of the work-
men of America, who are thinking of redu-
cing the seasdn of toil to eight hours a day,
knowing- well thatit cannot be done unless they
protect themselves from the manufactures of
the downtrodden of other lands ?
Mr. Chairman, it is the fashion upon this floor,
when a gentleman rises to address the House,
for those who oppose his views to carefully
post themselves as to his business at home, so
that if he be a shoemaker, and proposes a
higher duty on shoes, the wax can be stuck
under his nose; if he be a tailor, and favors
more protection to clothing, he can be promptly
confronted with the goose, and so on through
the trades. Even I, who have offended so
little in occupying the time of the House, have
not escaped a good shaking by one of the great
Democratic mastiffs in the interest of the free-
trade league ; and yet, sir, my idle time at home
is devoted to looking after the production of
an article that is rapidly coming into common
use, and the like of which has not been dis-
covered elsewhere on the globe.
The gentleman from New York, a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, having
reminded me the other day that the great inter-
est of my immediate constituents is the coal that
his constituents burn, and upon which they pay
a tariff of $1 25 in gold, challenges a word or
two upon the subject of anthracite ; otherwise
[ should not have dared to drag it into this
discussion. I promised then to instruct the
gentleman somewhat in the knowledge of this
item of the wealth of his country. His long
residence here as a member of Congress has
not taught him usefully, otherwise the explan-
ation I am called upon to make might have been
passed in the interest of brevity.
On the 2Gth of January last there was a
monthly sale of anthracite coal in the city of
New York. The sale was open to all. The
public was invited to come and buy. Seventy-
live thousand tons were sold. This coal was
sold delivered on board vessels at Elizabeth-
port, twelve miles from New York city, upon
an arm of New York bay. A little table that
I cut from a newspaper gives the highest and
lowest prices taken, and contrasts the rates
realized at the sale a month previously :
Jamiarv '26. Dwrmher 29.
7,030 tons lump  $4 10 (" 'i 15 $1 30J;-4 o7i
12,000 tons steamer  4 2J («>4 25 -t oOty-t 8JV
12,000 tons gralo  4 33 (<04 40 4 BO^j 17
30,000 tons ess  4 20 H1 35 5 205>)5 G5
21,000 tons stove    4 82^<;;5 00 0 OitwG 25
10,000 tonschcstnut  3 00 4 ldvi';4 55
Hero wo see seventy-five thousand tons of
anthracite coal sold on board within twelve
miles of New York city at less than an average
pricc of four dollars and a quarter per ton.
That is what it brought at the moment the
gentleman was complaining that his constitu-
ents were paying a tariff of ?1 25 in gold upon
coal. And since that time a sale of one hun-
dred thousand tons at the same point brought
less by an average of fifteen cents a ton.
Now, let us see what it cost to take this coal
to Elizabethport. If it is worth anything at all
in the ground it is worth twenty-live cents a
ton. To take it out of the ground and prepare
it for market is worth more than two dollars
per ton. The history of the anthracite coal
trade from beginning to end, from one end of
the region to the other, proves that at two
dollars a ton the operator who invested his
money in the business lost it, thecarryingcom-
panies were failures, the workmen who mined
and prepared the coal for market were poorly
paid, and altogether it was a losing business.
But the peculiar people who persist in holding
these sales have a secret not yet discovered by
the balance of the operators in anthracite, and
for the sake of the argument 1 will admit that
they will not break up and be sold out by the
sheriff if they continue to sell at two dollars a
ton at the mines.
Before I go on let me appeal to some of my
New England friends here to sustain me in the
allegation thai it takes money to buy and build
coal mines. Before a colliery can be made to
produce a hundred thousand tons a year twice
that many dollars must be hid away in it. And
at two dollars a ton at the mines not one dol-
lar has ever been paid back to those who in-
vested the money. Thus rent and prime cost
of productioB may be stated at $2 25 a ton.
Then it must be transported up hill and down,
a hundred and fifty miles at least, from Scran-
ton to Elizabethport. Willany gentleman say
that $2 25 a ton will pay the railroad compa-
nies too well? I want to be generous to these
lailroads, for they are owned principally by the
gentleman's constituents, and will therefore
say that there may be a small dividend in one
cent and a half a ton per mile. Thus you have
$4 50 a ton, and must still add twenty-five
cents a ton for putting it on board the schoon-
ers at Elizabethport, making it cost $4 75.
Yet it only brought $4 10 per ton in February.
Sir, at this price there cannot be much profit
to anybody concerned in the production and
transportation of anthracite coal. If I know
anything about any business on earth I know
this fact. I have spent more than half my life
among these people, and know it all by hard
experience. But, sir, suppose that by grinding
the faces of the workmen, and by taking a little
shave off the railroad dividends, you bring
Scranton coal at prime cost down to the price
it brought last month, where does the $1 25
tariff come in? Could the gentleman get coal
at all under any circumstances at $1 25 gold
less than $4 25 greenbacks? Sir, the gentle-
man knows that the tariff on coal does not
affect the price of anthracite in his or any other
market. Supply and demand do the busi-
ness. Anthracite coal, found only in Pennsyl-
vania, is a great domestic luxury; just now it
is being wasted. It is produced in such super-
abundant quantities that the gentleman's con-
stituents are buying it at much less than prime
cost. Five years hence, when wc have wasted
another hundred million tons, those who have
any to mine and sell will wish they had not
been in such a hurry to get it out and sacrifice
it in 1870. No tariff will help anthracite; no
advice will restrain the mine-owners. But,
Mr. Speaker, if thegentleman from New York
wishes to hurry forward the time when anthra-
cite coal will surely and steadily bring a remun-
erating pricc let him insist upon the repeal
of the duty on
BITUMINOUS COAL.
By this means he would check the develop-
ment of the vast beds of bituminous coal in
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, West
Virginia, North Carolina, and elsewhere. The
splendid increase of nearly half a million tons
of Cumberland coal in 1809 will not be repeated
in 1870; and those who vote to abrogate the
duty will wonder how it comes that so little
additional is brought from the provinces. It
would only take a year or two of no duty or
low duty Lo run the American bituminous out
of the market to the extent of its introduction
from abroad. If the lifting of the duty should
have the effect desired by its advocates and
expected by its opposera then the owners of
Nova Scotia coal could charge their own price
until capital and confidence could again be
brought to bear upon the millions of acres
of American bituminous. As the bituminous
fiplds of the United States are opened anthra-
cite finds a rival it never found in foreign eoal.
If the tariff has really had the effect of
keeping out any noticeable quantity of foreign
coal, it must have had the effect of stimulating
the production of bituminous at home, for mil-
lions of tons have been added to the annual
increase in production, and the competition
for the trade among home producers has kept
the price down. It may be that the tariff as
i it stands may raise the price of the quality of
coal of which gas is made. But I am assured
by the president of a New York gas company,
who is a closer student of this subject than
any member upon this floor is likely to be, be
he never so phosphorescent a New Yorker,
that this cannot be so to the extent of the
duty. If there were no duty upon gas coal he
would buy some, but not much, more-Nova
Scotia coal thau he now does, the economy in
gas-making seeming to settle down to a proper
admixture of several qualities of coal.
The profit on Nova Scotia coal has dwindled
from three dollars to about a dollar and a half
a ton, owing to the increased amount of the
home article seeking a market. As new mines
are opened, new railroads built, and the cost
of transportation cheapened, the price of the
Nova Scotia article will be brought down to
hard pan, as Pennsylvania anthracite is. At
present the question of a tariff on coal is only
a question as to whether the Blue Noses of the
provinces shall make three dollars or only
$1 50 a ton out of us. If the duty is taken off
it will go into their pockets instead of into the
United States Treasury, as at present.
If the vast production of the States was not
pressing forward to a market in constantly
increasing volume, or if the provinces could
furnish all, or even a fair proportion of the
amount of coal the market musthave annu-
ally, then by taking off the duty you might affect
the price. As it is, to take off twenty-five cents
would not at all affect the price in the New
England market, while to take it all off would
not affect the price twenty-five cents. The
apprehension of disturbance in the market
might and I think would check for a time
development in the bituminous region as a
consequence of disturbing the tariff, and thus
rather higher than lower prices might result.
The way for New Brunswick and Nova Scotia
to again get into our market free is to come
into the Union as Virginia has just done, and
the first thing their State Legislatures will do
after that will be to disgust the gentleman from
New York, as Virginia has just disgusted him,
by passing a joint resolution instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives
in Congress to vole against tho repeal of the
duty on foreign coal.
The entire annual production of the prov-
inces is only about eight hundred thousand
tons at present, and I am assured by resident
operators and competent engineers and geolo-
gists that it will probably never much exceed
a million tons per annum for exportation. In
the great volume consumed on our sea-board
this is so small a fraction that it may as well
pay duty until we annex them. Thus the pro-
vincial coal operator, at least, will favor annex-
ation without further compensation, the only
terms upon which we should ever permit any
part of Canada to enter the Union.
The importation of foreign coal had reached
250,000 tons in 185-1, nearly 140,000 tons of
which came from the provinces. The duty
since 184G had been twenty-four per cent, ad
valorem. In 1854 the reciprocity treaty went
into effect, and instead of increasing the tonnage
from the provinces we find that the free import-
ation fell off to 103,000 tons in that year. In
1802 it had increased to 200,000 tons, rather a
slow increase, since it paid no duty, and shows
a want of enterprise among tho Blueuoses.
The average price of Nova Scotia coal in 1802
was $5 00 in Boston. In 18G3 over 280,000
tons were sent us from the provinces, and the
average prico in Boston for that year was $7 40
per ton. lu 1804 theories in Boston went up
to an average of $10,40, and Nova Scotia sent
us over 800,000 tons. In 18G5 the price in
Boston fell off to $9 00, and the tonnage from
the provinces went up to 4G5,000 tons. In 18GG
the price still declined to an average of $8 54
per ton, and the tonnage to 404,000. In this
year tho duty of $1 25 in gold went on, but.
the price still declined, so that, in 1SG8 we im-
ported from the provinces 228,000 tons, apart
of which was sold in Boston at $7 62 per ton.
