mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
41st Cong....2dSess.
Laws of Neutrality—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
your citizens with reference to both belliger-
ents. That may be neutrality, and it may be
anything but neutrality. Suppose two foreign
Powers be at war, and one of them seeks to
enlist alien soldiers while the other does
not; then your neutrality appears in denying
to one belligerent what it wants, and to the
other what it does not want. Suppose one
Power can obtain an American soldier and the
other cannot; then your neutrality appears in
denying to one Power that which they can get,
and you think you offset it by denying to the
other what they cannot get. Suppose both par-
ties equally desire to enlist American soldiers,
and an equal number of Americans are willing
to enlist—which never happens—under both
flags; then, to be sure, you. offset the wrong
done to one belligerent by an equal wrong
done to the other; but that case never happens
in fact.
But what is the effect upon your own citi-
zens? If an American citizen desires to take
service in a foreign war in a foreign army it
is because it is the best disposition he can
make of his energies. If you prohibit him the
right to do so you inflict a wrong upon him as
palpable, as manifest as if you prohibited him
from planting com or from making shoes. Is
it not so? He would rather enlist than to plant
corn ; he would rather enlist than to make
shoes, and you will not give him the choice of
occupations. Do you say the war is wrong?
You have no right to say it if it is between two
Powers authorized to make war. Interna-
tional law forbids your Government from sit-
ting in judgment upon their conduct. Besides
all that, you know wars are not always wrong.
One side or the other is almost always right,
and God is served when the right is upheld,
whether by arms or by any other means or
instrumentality. If Great Britain and France
be at war, and Great Britain comes to New
York or New England to buy a vessel of war,
and your Government forbids the sale of that
vessel, you do Great Britain precisely the wrong
that you would if you captured a vessel of
hers, with the exception that she does not lose
the value of the structure, and you do France
precisely the service that you would if you
captured a British vessel.
But, Mr. President, I not only say that this
is the practical effect of this law, but I say it
was the design of it. Let me prove that by a
reference to the origin of these acts. The first
one 011 this subject to which I called your
attention was the act of 1794. There is but
little of the debate which preceded the passage
of that law preserved. We know that it was
opposed by Mr. Giles, by Mr. Nicholas, and
by Mr. Madison. The debate arose mainly
upon the sixth section of the bill, which was
struck out. The sixth section prohibited the
sale of prizes within ourports. Thatwasstruck
out. In the course of the debate on that motion,
the purpose of the law was very plainly avowed
by the friends of the bill. Mr. Smith, of
South Carolina, in speaking upon that motion,
declared :
"In contemplating this point, the determination
ought not to bo influenced by any prepossessions in
i'avor of one or antipathies against another nation.
The true ground of national policy should bo takon,
and the result should be that which is most consist-
ent with our national interest. That the permission
to France to sell her prizes in our ports would be
advantageous to that nation and inconvenient to her
enemies will not be denied."
And it was because it would be convenient
to Franco and inconvenient to her enemies that
they proposed to forbid the authority to her to
sell prizes in our ports. He said further:
"But it is the very circumstance of its being thus
advantageous to one and inconvenient to others of
the belligerent Powers whieh makes it inexpedient."
In the same debate Mr. Goodhue said:
" Mr. Madison had said we had not heard that the
British Government had complained on this score to
our minister at London; but, though that was true,
it was nevertheless true that their minister here had
made complaint of it to us; and Mr. (J. was of opin-
ion that in settling our accounts with Great Britain
for the spoliations they have committed on our com-
merce they would bring as a charge against us tho
prizes made of their vessels, which we had permitted
the salo of in our ports."
Great Britain complained ; Prance did not.
It was a convenience to one, an inconvenience
to the other. The first effect and the first design
of the act was to do an injnry to one belliger-
ent and to benefit another belligerent.
The act of 1818 underwent a prolonged dis-
cussion. The act of 1817, the year before, was
discussed at considerable length. I shall only
read very brief extracts. Let it be borne in
mind, Mr. President, that this act of 1794 was
introduced only as a temporary measure. It
was to last but two years. It was subsequently
prolonged; and finally, in 1817, it was pro-
posed to add to and supplement the act of
1794. Why was it proposed to supplement
that act? Who asked us to do it? Spain and
Portugal, who were then belligerents, asked
us to put this new statute upon the books. It
is said—I find no positive proof of it—that
Great Britain seconded that request; but it is
undeniable that Spain and Portugal asked us
for this additional legislation; and we were
legislating not only in the interest of, but un-
der the dictation of belligerents and for their
interests and against the interests of some of
their colonies on the continent of South Amer-
ica. While that act was pending Mr. Root, of
New York, expressed his view of the character
and effect of it as follows :
" But what occasion, he demanded, was there for
the passage of any law at all ? It had been said that
some vessels, laden with munitions of war, had
been sent to our brothren in Suutli America, which
they may probably use in achieving their independ-
ence. This, said ho, is the case: a Spanish cheva-
lier, representing th o Government of Spain, has com-
plained to our Government of these expeditions,
requiring of it not only to punish violations of its
neutrality, but also to administer preventive jus-
tice. It was extremely desirable, Mr. It. said, that
the correspondence on this subject should be laid
before tho House, for it was said that the Spanish
minister had been aided in his requisitions by the
minister of a powerful kingdom, and that, therefore,
to avoid a second or third Punic war. Congress must
proceed to pass this bill."
Mr. Grosvenor, of New York—forNew York
was especially intelligent upon the character
of this act at that time—declared:
" We aro required by public law to prevent an hos-
tile enterprise to be set on foot in our territory, to
be directed against either of the belligerents byland
or by sea; but, sir, we are not required to prohibit
the sale or transportation of arms to either party,
and if they come for them we have the right to sup-
ply them, and if wo attempt to take munitions of
war where they should bo adjudged contraband of
war the only penalty is confiscation of the property.
Tho party complaining has no right to inflict corporal
punishment. The only remedy a belligerent has,
where his adversary is supplied by a neutral with
the means of war, is capture and confiscation, and
we may leavo him to that remedy if our eitiv.ens
choose to engage in such commerce. Is it not obvious
that this bill proposes to do more than national law
requires of us as neutrals, and is Dot the operation
of the measuro as obviously unequal on the two par-
ties? Old Spain may be supplied here with armed
vessels and arms as well as thecolonies who arccon-
tendmg for independence; but she can bo supplied
as conveniently, and perhaps more so, in Europe;
she may build her vessels and manufacture herarms
at home. In either event she sustains little incon-
venience from this measure, while the patriots ofnew
Spain are most in need of the armed vessels and the
munitions of war, and have norther place at which
they can be supplied so conveniently. Ourports are
contiguous and afford them many facilities of obtain-
ing arms and ammunition, articles they want above
all others and are not prepared to manufacture at
home."
The next year, when the act which is now on
your statute-book was under discussion, the
purpose of that act was declared by more than
one of the disputants who took part in^ that
debate. Mr. Clay, in his terse and pointed
manner,
"Offered some general remarks on the offensive
nature of the bill, which, he said, instead of an act
to enforce neutrality, ought to be entitled _ An^act tor
the benefit of his Majesty the king ofbpam.
Again, on a subsequent day:
" In the threshold of this discussion Mr. C. said
he confessed he did not like much the origin of that
act. There had been some disclosures, not in an
official form, but in such a shape as to entitle them
to credence, that showed that act to have been tho
result of a teasing on the part of foreign agents in
this country, which he regretted to have seen."
It was immaterial to him, Mr. C. said, whether
the act sprung from any suggestion of foreign agents
or whether, after it was recommendod, the letters
of the ministers were sent to the Committee on h'oi-
eign Relations. As to the foreign ministers. Mr. C.
said, in referring to them, he meant nothing disre-
spectful toward them; he would not treat with dis-
respect even the minister of Ferdinand,whoso eau:;o
this bill was intended to benefit; ho, said Mr. C..
a faithful minister; if not satisfied with making
representations to the foreign Department, ho also
attends tho proceedings of the Supremo Court to
watch its decisions, he affords but so many proofs of
the fidelity for which the representatives of Spain
have always been distinguished. And how mortify-
ing is it, sir, to hear of tho honorary rewards and
titles, &o., granted for these services; for, iflamnot
mistaken, our act'of 1817 produced the bestowal of
some honor on this faithful representative of his
Majesty; and if this bill nasses which is now before
us, I have no doubt he will receive some now honor
for his further success."
Here is the distinct intimation of a Repre-
sentative on the floor, when your act of 1818
was passed, that for securing the passage of
the previous act, rewards were offered by a
foreign minister representing one of the bel-
ligerents at this Government. Is that neutral-
ity, which is followed by the rewards of one of
the belligerents and by the curses of auother ?
If these laws are unneutral, how happened
they to find their way upon the statute-book ?
The explanation of that is not difficult. In
1794, you know, you had just emerged from a
long and exhausting war. You know that party
feeling ran very high then. You know that at
that very time Great Britain and France were
engaged in flagrant war against each other.
You know thatall America was divided almost
into two parties upon that contest. You know
that the feeling of friendship for France ran
very high. You know that at onetime France
had the misfortune to be represented here by a
very injudicious minister. You know that,
taking advantage of the popular feeling in be-
half of the Government he represented, he did
do things which never ought to be done upon
this soil or upon the soil of any neutral Power.
Ho not only insisted upon his right to buy
cruisers, and to arm them and equip them, but
he insisted upon the right to send them out and
to bring their captures into our ports, and to
condemn them by a consular act, and he claimed
the right to recruit the French armies on our
soil at his pleasure. These acts, I suppose,
did come near involving this country in a war
with Great Britain. To avoid that, our Gov-
ernment saw the necessity of doing something.
The best that Washington's administration
could do was to effect a compromise between
these two parties. The act of 1794 was the
result—an act which was to last but two years
when it was put upon the statute-book.
I know we were not so weak in 1818, when
this statute was put upon the books; and I
know that war with Spain was not so terrible a
thing for us to contemplate then as war with
Great Britain was in 1794. Why, then, did we
put that statute upon the books? I do not
know that I can answer that question to the
satisfaction of the Senate. I can answer it to
my own satisfaction. I show you by the dec-
larations of those who engaged in passing it
that it was not put upon the books with any
view of enforcing our neutrality. What was
the reason, then? That act was passed in April,
1818. In February following Spain ceded to
the United States the Floridas ; but the act of
cession took effect on the 24th of January,
1818, just about the time this act was introduced
into your Congress. Is it not a remarkable
and suggestive coincidence that at the very
time you were passing acts at Spanish solicit-
ation to help Spain secure certain of her colo-
nies, Spain was ceding you one of her colonies?
