1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2985
Mr. POMEROY.. Under the preemption
laws of the United States it will.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it not probable that
these lands are worth uiucli more than $1 25
per acre?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that these
abandoned reservations are not. Without this
amendment they will be open to homestead
settlers, so that the Government will get noth-
ing. I understand they are worth at least
$1 25 an acre.
Mr. CORBETT. I should say the probabil-
ity was that many of them might be worth much
more than that. Especially if a settlement has
grown up around a reservation the laud ought
to be fixed at a higher price, and it ought to be
sold to the highest bidder.
Mr. POMEROY. If they were military res-
ervations that have been occupied during the
last forty years it might be so; but some of
these have been abandoned for a long while.
Mr. WILSON. Some of these military res-
ervations have been occupied at a more recent
date. All that are in the bill have been recom-
mended specially by the War Department to be
turned over to the Interior Department.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have the
bill amended so as to require that the sales
shall be advertised and the labds sold to the
highest bidder in quantities not exceeding
eighty acres.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment
which covers the ground that I think the Sen-
ator has in his mind. It is that the buildings
and improvements shall be appraised, and no
patents for the real estate shall be issued until
the appraised value of the improvements has
been paid to the Government.
Mr. CORBETT. We know around most of
these military reservations quite a little town
has grown up, and there the reservations have
become considerably more valuable than $1 25
an acre. I know at Walla Walla, where a
tort has been established, there is some pine
land that ought to be put up at auction and
said to the highest bidder. I think probably
it will fetch as high as five, ten, or twenty
dol)ar%an acre.
Mr. POMEROY. But the Senator must
know, as he is acquainted with the West, that
when you put up land for sale to the highest
bidder they have a way of not bidding at all,
and you will pot get anything in that way.
Mr. CORBETT. I would say, then, " at
not less than $1 25 an acre."
Mr. SHERMAN. If the amendment now is
to insert the word "preemption" I am decid-
edly opposed to it. If the bill stands as it was
framed originally the land has first to be offered
at public sale before it is open to private entry
aud disposed of by the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. That is true of all public
lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; it is so of
this land like others; but if this amendment is
inserted this land must be taken by preemp-
tion, and it cannot be disposed of in any other
way. It is really to enable a man who hap-
pens to live near a reservation to seize upon
the land.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has not read
the bill, evidently.
Mr. SHERMAN. I read it just this mo-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I will read it to see whether
that is so. The bill is—
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to transfer to the cue tody
and control of the Secretary of the Interior, for dis-
position according to the existing laws of the United
mates relating to the public lands, theUnited States
military reservations.
Now, what are the present laws in relation
to the public lands?
Mr. SHERMAN. That all lands shall first
be offered at public sale and then at private
sale.
Mr. POMEROY, There is  o saeh law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it ought to be at
onee amended so as to provide that the lands
shall be first oiffered at public sale before tbey
are open to preemption.
Mr. POMEROY. Preemptora always have
their lands at $1 25 an acre, and they take
precedence <rf any public sale.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this land is worth
selling at all it is worth distinguishing it and
selling it apart from other public lands; and it
ought to be sold to the highest bidder. Some
of it unquestionably is of great value; and if
there isany doubt about the existing law requir-
ing it to be first offered at public outcry in the
mode that public land is offered it ought to be
made clear; but I think under the bill as it
stands reported by the committee it is clear
that it must first be offered at public outcry.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is more
familiar with the land laws, and I ask his opin-
ion on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill was notreported
by my committee. I never saw it before. I
only tried to perfect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It came from tbe Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Ohio is
right as to the requirement of the law. There
is a general law requiring that all lauds shall
be offered at public outcry to the highest bid-
der, and that they shall not be sold for less than
$1 25 an acre unless they are taken up under
the preemption laws or homestead laws.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it.
Mr. HARLAN. If taken up under the pre-
emption laws the occupant of the land has
notice to come in before the public sale and
claim his land and pay for it,
Mr. SHERMAN. I am aware of that f but
no-land reserved for military purposes can be
disposed of under the preemption iaws; and
the purpose of this amendment is to allow it
to be done, as I understand it. The reserva-
tions cannot be disposed of under tbe preemp-
tion laws tiow.
Mr. HARLAN. But there is doubt whether
a preemptor after going on to the land, and
subsequent to the surveys, could not come in
under a law recently passed and commute it
and take it as a homestead settler. The hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands will have noticed, doubtless, that there
is doubt whether every preemptor cannot do
that at his own option; and if so, preemptors
will go on to this land after the surrey, or be
on- at the time of the survey, file a statement
of their intention to enter it at $J 25, and
afterward go to the land office, relinquish their
right as preemptor, and claim as homestead
settlers; and that is the point doubtless the
chairman intended to cover. I have an amend-
ment which I think will cover the whole case.
It is in line five, after the word ''disposition,"
to insert the words "for cash," and at the end
of line six, after the word "lands," to insert
"after appraisement to the highest bidder at
not less than the appraised value, nor less than
$1 25 an acre." I think that will meet the
views of both the honorable Senators*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to insert the' word " preemption'' before
" laws" in line six.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the amend-
ment, as the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa meets the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, ia on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, which will be read.
The Secretary. The amendment is in line
five, after the word "disposition," to insert
" for cash," and at the end of the sixth line
to insert "after appraisement to the highest
bidder at not less than the appraised value, nor
at less than $1 25 per acre so as to read t
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to transfer to the custody
and control of the Secretary of the Interior, for dis-
position for cash, according to tbe existing laws of •
the United States relating to the publie lands, after i
appraisement to tbe highest bidder at not less than i
the appraised value, nor at less than $1 25 per acre,
the United States military reservations at Forts
Lane and Walla Walla, in the State of Oregon, &c.
Mr. HOWE. That amendment is aimed at
a right purpose. I think with a moment's
reflection the Senator can draw a provision
which will more adequately express that pur-
pose than this does, though I do not know but
that this is really sufficient. But I think one
other purpose should be accomplished, and
that is that the Secretary of the Interior should
be authorized to subdivide these reservations
into smaller quantities than the surveying laws
now authorize. The smallest subdivision now
is forty acres. I make this suggestion because
a few years since I myself drew an act for the
disposition of a reservation in the neighbor-
, hood of the town I live in, and in that law it
was provided that portions of it might be sub-
| divided into acre lots, and such subdivisions
; were made, and they were offered at public
: auction not to be sold at less than the appraised
value. The single acres were appraised at
forty dollars an acre and sold for more than
twice that, so that the reservation bronght a
great many thousand dollars, I do not now re-
member the total sum; butunder existing laws
' this land could only be subdivided into forty-acre
, tracts which would not enable the Government
to sell it to the best advantage.. But few pur-
chasers would be able to buy forty acres of
land as valuable as some of these reservations
i are, whereas almost anybody could buy an
! acre; and in the vicinity of a town acres are
as large a quantity as people want to buy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
suggests that as a proviso, it will be in order
after acting on this amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that his rule in regard
, to the subdivision of these military reserva-
j tions would be very correct as applied to res-
; ervations in the midst of a dense population,
I but many of our reservations, both military
' and Indian, on the frontier are as free from
j settlement as the naked prairie.
Mr.HOWE. ThiswoitldnotcoinpeltheSec-
retary to subdivide, but it would be optional
with him.
Mr. RAMSEY. Many of these military
reservations have no settlements around them
at all. Hence.it would be superfluous to make
them less than forty acres.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the chairman will
allow this bill to be laid aside for a moment
while the Senator from Iowa is drawing this
amendment, and ia the mean time I can pro-
cure the papers on which I wish to move
another amendment. They are in the posses-
sion of the Military Committee, and I wish to
add another reservation. I do-not recollect
tbe name of it.
•The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin suggests that this bill be passed
over for tbe present. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. WILSON subsequently said: I hope
the Senate will now go on with the bill in re-
gard to the disposition of military reserva-
tions which was laid aside a few minutes ago.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
569) to provide for the disposition of useless
military reservations. '
;The VICE PRESIDENT, The question
pending is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan. }
Mr. HARLAN. I think that bad better be
adopted, and then the other proposition can
be put in the shape of a proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I offer the following
additional amendment, to come in at tbe close
of the first section of the bill as a proviso
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall,
whenever ia his opinion the public interests may
require it, cause any of the foregoing reservations, or
parts thereof, to be subdivided into tracts less than
forty acres each, or into town lot": Ami provided
aho. That each subdivision shall be appraised and
