1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
The average for that year was $8 16, how-
ever, but it was much less in 1869.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
must not refer to the large importations of coal
from the provinces during the free years 1864,
1865, and 1866, and the falling off in 1868,
and. attribute the falling off' to the expiration
of the reciprocity treaty and the consequent
imposition of the duly. There was a suggestive
meaning in that falling off, and as 1 am so
deep in statistics I will point out certain other
and additional statistical coincidences. It takes
a good many men to produce a quarter of a
million tons of coal, as I will soon attempt to
show. Now, the gentleman was a member of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, elected in 1862.
The Thirty-Ninth Congress, elected in 1864,
was not graced by his presence. Too many of
his admirers had pressing business in Cana-
dian regions in 1863, 1861, and 18G5, and in
these years we find shipments increasing from
the provinces. In 1860 his friends begin to
return in safety and soundness, the shipments
fall off slightly, and the gentleman is again
triumphantly returned to Congress. In 1868
a marked decline in shipments is noticeable,
indicating a flocking home of large numbers of
the gentleman's constituents; and sure enough
we find him returned to the Forty-First Con-
gress by the splendid majority of (to be faith-
fully accurate) 11,621. This proves that the
Bluenoses cannot mine coal without men.
Let me now show the increase of the amount
of bituminous coal brought to the sea board
from Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Vir-
ginia. In 1852 Maryland only competed, and
sent 208,000 tons. In 1860 other avenues were
opened, and from all the points from which
shjpmeiitsweremudetothe sea-board 1,608,075
tons were received; in 1866 it reached 2,756,49"
tons ; in 1868 it rose to 8,737,771 tons ; and in
1869 the production of eastern bound bitumin-
ous coal was 4.668,114 tons, being again over
similar shipments in 1868 of 946,860 tons. This
gain in the tonnage of a single year represents
more than the entire annual production of the
Briileh provinces. It also represents steady
work for 9,000 men. In other words, the
mining and transportation of that increased
tonnage required the stated increase in the
number of men employed, who, with their fam-
ilies, would form no insignificant town, and,
well paid, are large consumers of western pro-
duce and eastern manufactures.
Now, gentlemen who buy bituminous coal
to burn on the sea-board, what had become of
you had there boon no development of your
own American bituminous? if yon will go
to the American mines you will find that this
coal has been sent, you at a profit of less than
twenty-five cents a ton to the operator ; and if
you inquireat Boston you will find that it regu-
lates the price there, the foreign coal bringing
usually a little less, being inferior in quality.
The tide-water trade requires over a million
and a half annual increase of all kinds of coal,
so that if every ton of coal mined in the prov-
inces were imported iuto the United States the
market must still look to the home production
for at least three quarters of its supply. This
supply cannot be furnished you at a reduction
of fifty cents a ton without loss to the producer,
and if farther development be checked by even
a partial abrogation of the duty.and you should
get the half million tons the provinces may
spare you, duty or no duty, they will not sell
it to you by an average of twenty-five cents a
ton cheaper. The price must continue to be
fixed by the domestic article, and home com-
petition will fix it.
In this calculation I take it for granted that
the sharp competition for the trade has served
to reduce freights to as low a point as can under
any circumstances be expected. I Know at
least one railroad company that discriminates
very largely in favor of bituminous eqal. _ I
also take it for granted that labor cannot be
brought as low in the States as it is in the
provinces. To lower the duty upon any arti-
cle largely produced in this country is nothing
more nor less than an attack upon the wages
of the laborer; and, for one, I shall resist the
attempt as long as I can act or speak.
The production of anthracite coal, commenc-
ing in 1820, in which year but 365 tons were
shipped, has increased to over 15,000,000 tons
per annum, of which nearly 13,500,000 tons were
shipped to market in 1869, the balance having
been consumed at the mines. It is estimated
that wo can go on increasing the production
until we mine for shipment between twenty-
five and thirty million tons annually, when the
gain will cease by reason of the exhaustion of
the coal near the surface and the increased ex-
pense of time and money in developing at great
depths. The additional consumption by that
time, amounting to many millions of tons an-
nually, must then be furnished by the vast and
more diversified beds of bituminous.
The whole amount of anthracite coal shipped
to market during the fifty years in which it has
been an article of trade foots up 184,799,412
tons. Of this amount 128,844,548 tons have
been mined and shipped within the last ten
years. By the time a like amount has been
consumed anthracite will have taken its place
among the luxuries of life, to be used only for
domestic purposes, and iron-works, factories,
steamboats, and locomotives must be driven
by the more plentiful and cheaper bituminous.
I admit, for I never for one moment forget the
fact, that whether the time for this shall come
speedily or be slow to come depends upon the
measure of protection extended by our tariff
laws to our home industry.
It is estimated that the annual production of
bituminous coal in the Union atleast equals that
of anthracite. My own belief is that it very
much exceeds it, and that over 20,000,000 tons
of bituminous coal are now consumed each
year. Under the protection enjoyed by our
industries at present, the development of the
country would require the annual production
of nearly 100,000,000 tons of bituminous in ten
or fifteen years, and in twenty years the annual
increase required will equal 6,000,000 tons.
These estimates are merely the continuation
of the history of the past, and demonstrate
that practically as well as theoretically the
laborer is going to be "worthyof his hire."
Shall we do what we can toward producing these
results, or shall wo do what we can to hinder
and retard them?
The capital invested in the lines of canal and
railroads carrying 5,000,000 tons anthracite
out of Schuylkill county alone amounts to
$72,000,000, andtheamountof capitalinvested
in all the lines of railroads and canals tap-
ping the anthracite region, and devoted mainly
to transporting the 13,500,000 tons now shipped
annually, amounts to $200,000,000. As the
trade increases more capital finds its way into
these thoroughfares. If $200,000,000 is re-
quired to build lines of canals and railroads
equal to the moving of20,000,000 tons annually,
is it not a subject for deep thought that in
twenty years to come from 100,000,000 to
150,000,000 tons of coal a year shall be pushing
its way to market over these and other lines ?
Mr. Chairman, while I am clear that it is for
the immediate interest of the operator in an-
thracite coal to repeal the duty on bituminous
.coal, in order that the act may discourage the
further development of the vast beds of bitu-
minous coal in the United States, 1 am sure
that of the two hundred thousand people in
my district not one will ask me to vote for the
repeal. My constituents understand the ques-
tion of protection to American labor in its
broadest sense, and they despise the act that
protects one interest at the expense of another.
They know full well, what the gentleman from
New York had better learn, that protection
means ability to pay good wages throughout
Our land. They know that protection, carried
to its logical results, means eight hours a day
instead of ten to labor, and an invitation
for the overworked and underpaid German,
Englishman, Welshman, and Irishmanto hurry
over here in such numbers that the foreign
manufacturer and capitalist must offer as short
hours and as long pay as they can get in free
America in order to keep enough labor at
home to run his machinery. America fears
no competition except that of the ill-fed, ill-
paid, overworked labor of Europe.
And, thank God, wages in Europe, espe-
cially in England and Wales, are Beginning to
feel the upward tendency of human .rights.
The establishment of reduction works of the
finer metals, of nickel works, steel works,
soda-ash works, and many industrial pursuits
of which we knew but little ten years ago, has
been drawing a superior class of skilled labor
to our shores. Its loss is being felt abroad,
and if we are true to ourselves it will be felt
more and more every year until the American
workman, emancipated himself, will have the
proud satisfaction of knowing that he has lifted
up his struggling brother across the water.
ria-iBoir.
And now, Mr. Chairman, shall we strike the
first blow at protection to American labor by
taking off a single dollar of the duty on pig-
metal ? In 1869 the average price of gold was
over thirty per cent, premium. In 1870 it will
not, as we are admonished, rule higher than
ten. Twenty per cent, on nine dollars a ton
is the reduction our furnace men must face,
without reference to the rate of duty. Nearly
one hundred and fifty thousand tons of pig-
iron was imported in 1869, with the duty at
nine dollars, and gold at over thirty. With
the duty at seven and the premium on gold
averaging less than twenty per cent. in 1870 the
importation of pig must more than double.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869,
the importations of pig-iron reached 136,976
tons, and that of scrap-iron 131,661 tons, to-
gether 268,637; equal to 22,386 tons a month.
Gold sold during this time at nearly an average
of forty per cent.; but for the next five months,
ending November 30, 1869, the premium on
gold declined to an average of less than thirty,
and during that time we imported 80,703 tons
pig and 66,429 tons scrap, together 147,132
tons; equal to 29,426 tons a month, or with gold
at the same rate, ยง52,112 tons a year. Gold is
now atabout ten, and we mustcount on its going
lower. We may therefore expect to import
during this year (1870) between four and five
hundred thousand tons without putting the duty
down. Seduce the duty by two dollars a ton
and run gold below ten per cent., and our rail-
mills can import foreign pig as well as scrap to
convert into rails.
One year ago one third the furnaces in Eng-
land and Wales were cold and still. To-day
they are nearly all in blast, waiting to flood
our market when we have repeated our fatal
history by repealing in part the duty on this
very foundation of our industries. Within the
last year new furnaces have been built and old
ones rebuilt within the United States to an
extent that promises an increase of nearly fifty
per cent, of American pig-iron, if they are per-
mitted to work. The price of pig is declin-
ing in our markets throughout the nation.
Stocks are piling up at all the furnaces, and it
only needs a drop of two dollars a ton off the
duty, and that gold shall remain at twenty, or
less, to bring about the scenes that have been
witnessed so often upon a reduction of the
tariff. The American furnaces must blow out
in order that the English furnaces may blow
in. Ruin, broadcast and terrible, will follow,
as surely as it has followed similar legislation
heretofore. Idle men and starving children
will swarm through the land, as has happened
before, the result of a like national calamity.
If they all swarmed to the city of New J-oik,
to add to the forty-four thousand miserable
wretches there, who have no'certain means ot
bread from day to day, n&r bed upon which to
