3930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
I offer the following
Mr, SCHENCK.
amendment:
On page 3, line forty-five, after the word "day "
m&ert " whether bearing interest or not."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. T offer the following
amendment:
On page 3, after the word "capital," in line lifty-
three, strike all out down to the word "banking"
at tbo end of line fifty-five, inclusive, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
As a bank or banker of any bank association,
company, corporation, or individual.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Ohio if that will not
tux at the rate of one twenty-fourth of one per
cent, all incomes of savings banks?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a separate pro-
vision for them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
have no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment:
On page 4, line eighty-six, after the word " section"
insert the words " oxccpt as to the tax on deposits of
public money."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment:
On pasro 5, line one hundred and thirteen, after the
word "brokers" insert "shall each pay fifty dollars."
I may explain that those were words omitted
by the printer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
Page 0, lino one hundred and fourteen, strike out
the word "negotiate" and insert, "make orprocuro
to be made for others;" so that it will read;
Brokers.—Every person whose business, wholly or
in part, itistomako or procure to beinadoforothcrs,
purchases or sales of stocks, bonds. &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed to
offer the following amendment:
Page 6, lines one hundred and sixteen and one
hundred and seventeen, strike out the words "for
himself or others" and insert the words "or make
or procure to bernado loans upon thosamoso that
it will read:
Brokers.—Every person whoso business wholly or
in port it is to make, or procure to bo made for
others, purchases or sales of stocks, bonds, exchange,
land-warrants, bullion, coined money, bank-notes,
promissory notes, or other securities, or make orpro-
curo to be made loans upon the same, shall bo
regarded as a broker.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SCHENCK. I am also instructed to
offer the following amendment:
Uugo 6, line one hundred and twenty-four, strike
out "two cents" and insert " ojie cent;" so that it
will read;
And there shall be paid on all sales made by brok-
ers, banks, or bankers, whether made for the bene-
fit of others or on their own account, the following
taxes, that is to say: upon all sales and contracts
for the sale of stock, bonds, gold and silver bullion
and coin, promissory notes, or other securities, a tax
at the rate of one cent for every $100 of the amount
of such sales or contracts.
Mr,- HOLMAN. I believe the effect of that
amendment is to reduce the tax to what it
now is.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is now one cent. We
had doubled the tax, but we propose to bring
it back now to what it is under the existing
law. If the gentleman will wait a moment he
will find that we propose to double the tax on
these operations m gold upon a margin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed to offer
the following amendment, to come in after line
one hundred and thirty-one:
On all contracts made by any person, firm, or com-
pany whatsoever for the salo or delivery of gold coin
through any clearing-house or other association or
institution organized or employed to clear gold ooin,
there shall be paid an additional tax of one twen-
tieth of one per cent.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word '■ coin," where
it last occurs, the following:
And upon all sales and contracts for the sale of
gold or silver bullion, or coin, stocks, bonds, or other
securities, on which the full amount of the purchase-
money is not paid or to be paid in fact, or in which
such gold or silver bullion, or coin, stocks, bonds, or
other securities sold are deposited as security tor the
purchase-money, or hold by a broker, banker, or
other person or persons, or corporation, for the per-
son or persons, or corporation in whose name they
are purchased on a margin deposited, and on all
sales of gold or silver bullion, or coin, stocks, bonds,
or other securities which are settled without an ac-
tual payment of the full amount of purchase-money
and the full delivery of the gold or silver bullion, or
coin, stocks, bonds, or other securities sold.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorhaxi,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bills of the House
of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 16C6) for the relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2002) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the ship Nightingale;
A bill (H. R. No. 2065) to further amend
the law of the District of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings, and to preserve rccords
of marriages therein;
A bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal the pre-
amble of an act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April 22,1870;
and
A bill (II. 11. No. 2003) to authorize the
reduction of the width of an alley in square
No. 376 in the city of Washington.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, with amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (Ii. R. No. 38) to establish a police
court for the District of Columbia;
A bill (II. R. No. 572) to amend an act
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1G33) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 027) to make legal a certain
act of the councils of the city of Washington ;
and
A bill (S. No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bond.
The message also announced that the Senate
insisted on its amendment, disagreed to by the
House, to the amendment of the House to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing a
distribution of the copies remaining in the
Department of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln, agreed to the
conference asked on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Anthony, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Casserly,
managers at the same on its part.
The message likewise announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the joint resolution (Ii. li.
No. 173) to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to collect wrecked and abandoned prop-
erty, derelict claims, and dues belonging to the
United States, agreed to the conference asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr.
Warner, and Mr. Hamilton of Maryland, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (II. R. No. 785) to pro-
vide for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled
soldiers, agreed to the conference asked on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr, Howard, Mr. Yates,
and Mr. Ames, managers at the same on its
part.
internal tax bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
the internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the position
of the ipatter as presented by the amendment
offered by the Committee of Ways and Means
and the amendment to the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague [Mr. Ambler] to be this,
and he will correct me if I am in error: so
far as the Committee of Ways and Means is
concerned, while we put the same tax which
now exists upon the ordinary legitimate oper-
ations of brokers of one twentieth of one per
cent., we have doubled that tax—and so far
it is an amendment of the law—upon all gold
ring operations, upon all that is done through
the gold clearing-houses. My colleague pro-
poses to amend further, and double the tax
also, making it the same as upon those gold
operations, on all these contracts which are
of a fictitious nature, depending upon the put-
ting up of a margin. With that understanding
of the amendment proposed by my colleague
[Mr. Ambler] I have no objection to it so far
as I am individually concerned. But I am not
authorized to accept it as a modification of the
amendment which I have moved on behalf of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I shall
most certainly not oppose its being received
as an amendment to that amendment. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Ambler.]
Mr. AMBLER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] has
stated the exact force of the amendment which
I have offered. The amendment moved oil
behalf of the Committee of Ways and Means,
as I understand it, is intended to reach gold
clearing-house operations. My amendment is
intended to reach the operations generally
known throughout the country as gambling
operations in stocks, gold, and securities.
In the first place, it proposes to double the
rate of tax upon all sales of gold and silver,
bullion or coin, stocks, bonds, or other securi-
ties where the whole purchase-money is not
paid at the time the contract is made, or con-
tracted in fact to be paid. In the next place,
I propose to double the tax where those articles
are purchased and deposited as security for the
payment of the purchase-money ; also, when
they are purchased upon a margin by a broker
and held by him ; and in the next place, I pro-
pose that where there is a final settlement of
these transactions, without the actual payment
of the purchase-money and the delivery of the
property, the operation shall be subject to this
double tax. My object in this amendment is
to endeavor, by an increase of taxation upon
that class of sales, to legislate out of existence
these gambling operations, which employ so
much more than they should of the currency
of the country. It seems to me that my amend-
ment to the amendment should be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Ambler to the
amendment moved by Mr. Schenck ; and it
was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr, SCHENCK. I am also instructed by
the Committee ot Ways and Means to move
to amend line one hundred and thirty-nine of
the first scetion of the bill, by striking out the
word '' at'' after "accounted;" so that por-
tion will read:
And in computing the amount of the stamp tax in
^P(mC'lse , rem Provided for, any fractional part of
, ,,, v:s '■ or amount, on which tax is computed,
shall be accounted sjlOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed to
move to further amend this section by striking
out the following:
_ And the.provisions of law in relation to stamp duties
m schedule ii of this act shall apply to the stamp
taxes herein imposed upon sales and contracts of
sales maue by brokers, bunks, or bankers, as afore-
said.
That part is unnecessary, being provided for
elsewhere.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SOHENCK, I am also instructed to
move to amend the first clause of the portion
