84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 2,
Senate.
Laws of Neutrality—Mr. Howe.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
Neutrality! No, sir; your Government was
then hired out to the king of Spain as reg-
ularly as ever I was hired to a client, and
to a meaner client than I have ever had; and
I have had some pretty mean clients. [Laugh-
ter.] The Government took its pay in colonies
instead of coin. You helped Spain to hold on
to her colonies on the South American con-
tinent, and you got one of her colonies on this
continent. That is the fact about it. I do not
know that I object to the arrangement. I
object to the name you give it. You call it
neutrality. I say it was partisanship. You
may have made money by it; but you have not
made any character for neutrality by doing it,
and you will not make any reputation for neu-
trality by keeping this law upon the statute-
book.
Mr. President, after you had been induced
to pass that act, as Mr. Clay suggested, not
only upon Spanish solicitation but British soli-
citation, Great Britain herself undertook to
legislate on the same subject, and she quoted
your act as a precedent for British legislation.
While the British act was pending in the House
of Commons the purpose and design and oper-
ation of it were explained by a great many
eminent debaters. Sir James Mackintosh said
of it:
" Though his honorable and learned friend, how-
ever"—
Referring to the attorney general
had endeavored to disguise thesubject, and to keep
out of view the immediate obj eots which themeasure
was intended to serve, it was impossible to mistake
its general character or to avoid seeing its evident
tendency. It was, indeed, a measure of temporary
policy, affecting deeply the character and interests
of the country, and requiring the most serious atten-
tion of the House before they proceeded one step in
the enactment. The bill which his honorable and
learned friond moved for leave to introduce might,
however it was worded and however cautiously its
object was concealed, be entitled ' a bill for prevent-
ing British subjects from lending their assistance to
the South American cause or enlisting in the South
Ameiican service.
That is the title Sir James Mackintosh sug-
gests. Mr. Clay suggested a similar title a
year before. Mr. Ellice declared:
" Though the present measure was one of apparent
neutrality, it was an object of real favor to one of
the parties and of hostility to the other."
Mr. Marryat said:
"The honorable member who spoke last but one,
observed that we should best show our neutrality by
passing the bill now under discussion ; but I con-
ceive. on the contrary, that we shall best show our
neutrality by doing nothing, and that the moment
wo begin to legislate we take a part."
Sir, I will not detain the Senate longer by
reading extracts from these old, but not buried
debates, in order to prove the unneutral char-
acter of this act. I have one more remark to
make in reference to it, and that is, while, as
I said before, each individual exercise of the
authority of this act is an injury to one belli-
gerent and a benefit to another, the whole weight
of the statute has rested upon those national
causes which most enlisted the sympathies of
the American people. From the beginning of
your legislation to this day that is the histori-
cal fact. And yet, sir, I have hesitated hitherto
to move for the repeal of this law; not because
1 doubted the real character of it—that, I think,
is transparent to any one who will examine
it—but because I did not know what part this
law was destined_ to play in the future negotia-
tions between this country and Great Britain.
Until about a week before I drew the bill which
is laid upon your table, I had not read the late
correspondence between this Government and
that of Great Britain upon that subject. I had
not seen it m any shape that I could read it
conveniently. I was finally taunted into read-
ing it by the triumphant assurance of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
nek] that until I read that I did not know
where my Government stood on that question.
I had before understood that we were urging
upon Great Britain reclamations for certain
damages which we had sustained, partly because
the queen's minister conceded belligerent
rights to the late confederacy a few days too
soon, and partly because after we had conceded
those rights so improvidently, her Parliament
had not legislated with sufficient activity to
regulate the trade between British subjects and
those confederates.
I could not fail to see that, so far as we were
seeking to charge Great Britain in account for
any defects in her legislation, we must take
very good care that she should not be able to
recoup for any stupidity in our own ; and so I
hesitated to move in this matter at all. But
hearing the declaration of the Senator from
Massachusetts that the attitude of our Govern-
ment was somewhat changed, the very next
day I sent for a file of the World newspaper,
and I doubled myself up to the task of read-
ing that correspondence. I need not say to
those who have read it that I was paid for my
labor; but it is due to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that I should say that I wa3 entirely
satisfied of the correctness of his remark. I
had not known up to that time where my Gov-
ernment did stand. I then read in that corre-
spondence this declaration:
" The President does not deny, on the contrary he
maintains "—
Beally, sir, it was so long since this Govern-
ment had "maintained" anything in its cor-
respondence with foreign Powers that that
word fell upon my ear something as the first
gun from Bunker Hill fell upon the surround-
ing people. That spoke of a new nation born
into the family of States; this spoke of an
old nation born again—
" The President does not deny, ou the contrary he
maintains, that every sovereign Power decides for
itself, on its responsibility, the question whether or
not it will, at a given time, accord the status of
belligerency to the insurgent -subjects of another
Power, as also the largor question of the independ-
ence of such subjects and their accession to the
family of sovereign States."
"But the rightfulness of such an act depends on
the occasion and the circumstances, and it is an act
like th e sovereign act of war, which the morality of
the public law and practice requires should be delib-
erate, seasonable, and just, in reference to surround-
ing facts."
Sir, I hail with unmixed and almost with
unbounded satisfaction this declaration that the
President recognizes in the Government of the
United Kingdom an in dependent State, and that
as such she has full right to accord independ-
ence to such States and to extend such cour-
tesies to individuals or communities not clothed
with the prerogatives of States as in her sov-
ereign discretion she shall think best, and that
he accords to her Parliament the right to put
such laws oil their statute-book as seems to
them best calculated to promote the good of the
British people. I am glad to hear these dec-
larations made, because I infer that the Presi-
dent means to maintain, as he says he will
maintain, precisely these prerogatives for this
Government.
Sir, I am glad also to hear him say that he
means to hold that Government and people
responsible for any abuse of that discretion
which shall prove injurious to American rights.
I suppose the President means to hold the
American people and the American Govern-
ment, so far as he can, responsible to the same
extent. There is no Power, there is no sov-
ereignty so absolute, save that of the Governor
of the universe, as not to be responsible for
every abuse of discretion vested in it.
Mr. President, there is nothing more repug-
nant to my sense of justice than the idea of
mulcting the British people in heavy fines for
the conduct of the Laird brothers simply. The
sale of the Alabama is not the offense for which
the Government of the queen ought to make
reparation to us. If the confederates were
authorized to own and to sail vessels on the
seas Englishmen ought to have been allowed
to sell them vessels. No, sir.; the great offense |
of England, which still smells to Heaven, is
that she clothed the confederates with the right
to buy and to sell vessels, and her offense con-
sists less in the time at which she conferred
that right upon them than in the character
upon which she conferred it.
Sir, if a male child were to be born in your
midst to-day endowed with the gift of articula-
tion,and if he should declare at the instant of
his birth that he was to be a new Ishmael; that
his home was to be, not in the wilderness, but
in the busy haunts of men; that his life was to
be devoted to oppression; that his business was
to be rapine, you, sir, might hesitate to stretch
forth your hand and strangle that young and
monstrous life. You would doubtless stand
somewhat in awe before the mysterious prin-
ciple of human life which only God can give,
and which man should never take away but
upon the direst necessity. You, sir, would
doubtless let that infant live to fulfill the felon-
ies he prophesied and to meet the doom which
belongs to crimes perpetrated rather than to
crimes intended. But what would you say of
a community which should spring forward to
nurse so fell an existence as that? What would
you say of wise men who should come from a
distance, still from the East, to bring not wel-
come merely, but sustenance to the cradle of
such an infant? Would you not say that those
messengers were the accomplices of the wretch
to whom they administered?
In this blundering world of ours I recognize
no divine right to rule but in ability and capa-
city. I believe that is the best Government
which is best administered; but all Govern-
ments are administered so badly that war, sav-
age as it always is, is sometimes necessary.
But the only justification for war must be found
in the cause for which it is waged. Mr. Pres-
ident, hear what a great author says of unjust
war. Says Mr. Yattel:
"He who is engaged in war derives all his right
irom the justicc ot bis cause. The unjust adversary
who attacks or threatens him, who withholds what
belongs to him, m a word, who does him an injury,
lays him under the necessity of defending himself or
ot doing himself justice by force of arms; he author-
izes him m all the acts of hostility necessary for
obtaining complete satisfaction. Whoever, there-
lore, takes up arms without a lawful cause can abso-
+ 1 . u VG no ri£ht whatever; over y act of hostility
that he commits is an act of injustice.
ideis chargeable with all the evils, all the horrors
of the war; all the effusion of blood, tile desolation
ot families, the rapine, the acts of violence, the
ravages, the_ conflagrations, are his works and his
crimes. Ho is guilty of a crime against the enemy
whom he attacks, oppresses, and massacres without
cause; he is guilty of a crime against his people,
whom he forces into acts ot injustice and exposes to
danger without reason or necessity; against those of
his subjects who are ruined or distressed by the war,
who lose their lives, their property, or their health,
m consequence ot it; finally, he is guilty of a crime
against mankind m general, whose peace he disturbs
ana to whom he sets a pernicious example." '
Such are the heavy terms in which unjust
wars are denounced by international law even
when waged by independent Powers, sovereign
States who are clothed with the full preroga-
tive of making war. What shall be said of an
unjust war waged, not by an independent State,
but by a faction in a State, and waged upon
its own Government, to which it owes allegi-
ance, and to which it is indebted for a century
of protection and of prosperity ?
_ When war is m ade by a sovereign State other
independent Powers are not allowed to criticise
the morality of tne act. That would make one
sovereign the judge of another, and inter-
national law condemns that. But when it is
made by a faction in a State then you are bound
to criticise and to justify or to condemn the
act. Of all the criminals whom God has per-
mitted to scourge a sinful world I insist upon
it that by far the worst are those who wage
civil war and who are not provoked thereto by
the memory of wrong or inspired thereto by the
hope of reform; and such, I say, were those
who inaugurated the rebellion of 1861. They
confessed that the Government had done them
