1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
TBST-OATII ACT OF 1862.
Mr. THURMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
bo instructed to inquire and report to the Senate
whether the act of Congress entitled "An act to pre-
scribe an oath of office, and for other purposes,"
approved July 2,1862, is now in force.
ERANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
resolution; and ask for its present considera-
tion:
Retained, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate a state-
ment of, first, the number and cost of the blank peti-
tions, if any, sent from the Post Office Department
since September 1, 1869, for the abolition of the
franking laws ; second, the number and cost of cir-
culars and circular letters sent in like manner on the
same suhjcct, with a copy of such circulars and cir-
cular letters; third, out of what funds the total cost
thcroof 13 by law payable, and the total amount
thereof; fourth, a tabular statement of the returns
received for the month of January, 1870, from post-
masters, quantity, weight, and kind, &c., of franked
matter sent and received, together with an analysis
of thesame, showing the quantity, weight, kind, Ac,,
thereof, referable to each executive department of
the Government and to the two Houses of Congress,
respectively; how many persons are now entitled by
law to frank mail matter in such Executive Depart-
ments respectively, distinguishing between official
and other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. CRAGIN. I object
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me appeal to my
friend to withdraw the objection. This is a
resolution to get the very matter that the Post-
master General has sent oat, the weight and
quantity, &c., for our information. I hope my
friend will not object.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not object to the last
part, but the first part of the resolution, it seems
to me, had better be considered a little.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take the sense of
the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire withdraw his objection ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
farther objection the resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSET. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that the information he calls for
in the latter part of his resolution will be found
in the annual report of the Postmaster General,
fie will there find a statement in detail of the
number of persons entitled to the franking
privilege, amounting to thirty-one thousand
nine hundred and thirty-three.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend, the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, had paid attention to the
resolution, he would see that the report of the
Postmaster General sets out the total aggre-
gate, while the resolution callsforinformation on
the subject of the number in each Department,
so as to distinguish them from the two Houses
of Congress, and so as to know in what con-
dition we are to be in acting upon this law.
That the report does not give us. In the next
place this resolution calls for the very things
that the Postmaster General has been collect-
ing, his returns for the month of January,
showing how much franked matter has gone
through the mails, under whose authority, and
what its weight, extent, and kind is. I hope
my friend, the chairman of the Post Office
Committee, will not object to our getting this
information.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not objecting to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is all in aid of carry-
ing on this great reform that the Postmaster
General has proposed to introduce, provided
the facts ascertained will bear it out.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator does not un-
derstand me. I am not objecting to his reso-
lution. I am merely saying that the last clause
of it, in my opinion, is superfluous, as we have
the information which he desires in full detail j
in the report of the Postmaster General. In I
that report I find the following statement of
the persons entitled to the franking privilege:
President of the United States and his Secre-
tary  2
Yice President  1
Members of tho Cabinet  7
United States Senators  74
Members of Congress  241
Delegates in Congress...;...............    5
Secretary of Senate and Clerk ofHouse of Rep-
yMftTl(•((•■••••••(••••"•••••••••••a ■•••••••••<>■••••• 2
Assistant Secretaries, chief clerk, &c., State
Department ..  *
Assistant Attorney General and chief clerk  2
Assistant Secretary, Commissioners, chief
clerk, <tc., Interior Department  18
Chiefs of bureaus, chief clerk, Ac., of Navy De-
partment   17
Chiefs of bureaus, chief clerk, &e„ of War De-
partment  21
Assistant Secretaries, chief clerks, &c„ of the
Treasury Department    42
Assistant Postmasters General, superintend-
ents of foreign mails and money-order sys-
tem, and chief clerks Post Office Department 9
440
Add internal revenue officers, (assessors and
assistant collectors and deputies,)  4,115
Postmasters on 1st November, 1869  27,378
Total 31,933
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will do no harm to pass
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution is before the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask an order of the
Senate for printing a report of the Secretary
of War, transmitted to this body on the 16th
of December last, presenting plans for the
establishment on the Pacific coast of a branch
of the Soldier's Home, in reply to a resolution
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection.
DESKS IN THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. DRAKE. If there be no further Sen-
ate resolutions I move to take up the propo-
sition I offered some time ago to amend the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator give way long enough to allow a reso-
lution to be passed that was reported back
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds yesterday morning in relation to
seats in the Senate Chamber? It will take
but a moment to pass it, I presume.
Mr. DRAKE. Of course I will not inter-
fere with a matter of that kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri yields to the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to take up the resolution providing for seats
for new Senators.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion :
Retolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to have the desks in the Senate Chamber placed
closer together, and additional desks furnished for
the accommodation of Senators who may hereafter be
appointed to fill existing vacancies in the Senate.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds proposed to amend the resolution by
inserting before the words "additional desks"
the word "four."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMMER. I should like to ask my
friend whether the committee hus carefully
considered whether we cannot dispense with
crowding the desks together, as I understand
the report to be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say that
the committee considered all the various sug-
gestions in relation to providing room for further
seats. . It is found that it takes from four to
five feet square, nearly, for each seat, and to
place four seats in front here would use up
nearly all the central area. To place them in
the rear would nearly use np whatever space
there is in the rear. But to condense the two
outer circles so as to make one seat more at
each end will not require more than this : that
every other desk shall be moved four or five
inches nearer to the next one. It will leave
the open spaces for passage as large as they
are now; but every other desk will be con-
densed from four to six inches, enough to make
room for a single desk in the circle ; and they
will not then be so near as to incommode any
one. So far as the present exigencies are con-
cerned it is thought this will meet them in a
better mode than any other, and preserve the
form and symmetry of the Chamber.
Mr. TIPTON. I submit that if three or four
seats were placed back of the center of each
one of these semi-circles that would give all
the additional seats necessary to fill the Cham-
ber ; and that could be done without crowding
these seats together.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee how many new
seats are required; how many it is designed to
provide for ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When Texas,
Mississippi, and Georgia are admitted six more
will be required. We already have two vacant
seats, so mat four more are to be provided for.
If they were placed in the rear, and occupied
the same space that the rest of us occupy, they
would nearly absorb all the space there is in
the rear. It will take five feet square, or nearly
that, for each one.
Mr. THAYER. Is so much space in the
rear as we have now needed? I do not see
that any one in the Chamber is inconvenienced
by persons passing around behind ; but shall
we not be inconvenienced by crowding the
seats nearer together?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The com-
mittee thought otherwise.
Mr. THAYER. It seems to me that a num-
ber of seats might be supplied by putting them
in the rear of the semi-circle, as my colleague
has suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee. He spoke
of condensing, to use his own expression, the
seats on the two outer circle?. I will inquire
whether it is necessary to confine the condens-
ation to <lte two outer circles ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Whenever it
is necessary we are prepared to be squeezed
on the front seats as well as the others; but
the Senate will see that there are double the
number of seats on the oater circle that there
are in the inner circle, and therefore the
amount of curtailment of room on the outer
seats will be very small indeed. A practice
has arisen here to allow Senators to have
shelves between their desks, which is certainly
very inconvenient to the Senate and ought to
be abrogated; but so far as the action on this
resolution is concerned, certainly the better
mode of obtaining room for four additional
seats will be what has been reported, so as to
save one seat each on either side.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont how much it will be necessary' ,
to narrow the space between the seats? Per-
haps he may have stated it, but I did not hear
him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Somewhere
between four and six inches.
Mr. WARNER. Will it be necessary to
narrow all the spaces ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; only
every other one.
The resolution was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 27, noes 10.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. DRAKE. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
which I offered some time ago, proposing to
amend the rules.
