2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 17,
rest night after night, the added misery might
reach ,the heart of even the defender of the
free-trade league upon this floor. Aa if the
attack upon this branch of industry were not
enough it is proposed to take two dollars a
ton off the duty on
SCKAF-IEON.
The molasses and sugar frauds have been
nothing compared with the frauds practiced
through the door left open by the mistaken
policy of allowing scrap-iron to be introduced
into the country at a rats so much lower than
new iron of the same grades. Scrap is usually
a partly manufactured article, and superior
for its legitimate uses to pig-iron, and ought
to pay a higher duty. For the most part it is
introduced in the shape of old railroad iron.
If all the rail that pays only scrap duty was
rerolled, or eat up and incorporated in other
manufactures of iron, there is still reason
enough to compel it to pay a heavier duty than
new pig. But it is not at once rerolled. Hun-
dreds of tons, and I venture to say thousands
of tons of it are sold for use as it arrives; not,
perhaps, by the great rolling-mills of our coun-
try importing it for their own use, but by the
juuk-dealers of the great cities. Half the best
rails, of thousands of tons, are selected for sale
in this way. I know the fact from having been
invited to buy some of it myself. It was offered
to me at fifty-five dollars a ton, while new rail
of the same size brought from fifteen to twenty
dollars more. Almost free from evidences of
having been used, there seemed nothing to con-
demn it as scrap, except that it was rusty and
old-fashioned in shape. Had it not been twenty
pounds ts the yard heavier than 1 wanted I
should have bought it. That one lot of about
forty-five tons had been carried from New York
to Georgetown and back to Philadelphia, where
it was sold, and is probably.now in use. Apart
from frauds of this kind, so easy of commis-
sion, there is a better argument in favor of
making scrap pay more duty than pig. While
it takes six tons of pig to make four tons of
railroad iron, less than five tons of good old
rail will make four tons of now. Apply the
rule of inflexible justice, and in view of this
fact five tons of scrap ought to pay as much
duty as six tons of pig.
But to return to the opportunity for fraud
offered by a low duty on scrap-iron. It is in the
finer kinds of scrap that the junk-shops reap
the richest harvest. Miscellaneous scrap con-
tains bundles of lioop-iron, horsc-shoe iron,
slit rods, nail-rods, chunks of steel—all the
finer qualities of iron that pay the highest duty.
In all tariff schedules the difference between
the rate of duty upon the new iron of these
grades and the old or scrap iron has averaged
from twenty to thirty dollars a ton. Of a cargo
of one thousand tons prepared for our market,
with the infinite care that rascals go about such
work, six or seven hundred tons may be of
this character; each piece as good for its uses
as the newest and brightest article imported
by the honest merchant. An air of refuse matter
can be given by a hundred or more tons of old
pots and pans, worn and twisted bars, cracked
frogs and plates, and all the litter that gathers
about the premises of the dealer in old iron.
It is denied that such things are done. But,
sir, it is useless to deny it. ' It is easier, safer,
and more profitable than stealing outright, and
it is just as easy to deny that there are thieves
in London and New York.
Throughout the country nearly a hundred
furnaces are building and projected. Many of
the new ones are getting into blast, and the
market is closing against them. Home com-
petition is beaiing the price until at this time
the rail-mills are buying choice pig at $25 50
,i ton, and paying with four months' notes.
Drop the duty by two dollars and the import-
ation of pig and scrap will go to from five to
six hundred thousand tons this year, and un-
less wages can be forced down to meet the fall
ill price many furnaces must blow out.
There is no better market in the world for
agricultural produce than the neighborhood of
furnaces, mines, and mills. Therefore it must
be desirable to have these means of employing
labor in our midst. Lower the duty by a single
dollar and no more furnaces will be built; at
least four will be built and rebuilt upon a duty
of nine dollars to one if the duty be placed at
seven.
The charcoal furnaces oftheWestandSouth-
west are already feeling the increased import-
ation of Scotch pig consequent upon the decline
of the premium on gold. A leading Democrat
of my district writes to me that an importation
of Scotch pig had arrived at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, and undersold the charcoal iron of that
neighborhood. I will read the latter part of
the letter as an introduction to another argu-
ment in favor of retaining at least tile present
rate of duty upon pig and scrap iron:
" I beg, however, to call your attention to certain
facts.
* "'Iho fall in the gold premium has already pro-
duced a marked cffect on the pig-iron trade in the
West. Mr.Dewees writes me. under date of the 22d
instant, that a recent large importation of Scotch
pig into Louisville has deadened the market for his
product, made within twenty-five miles of Louisville,
on the Louisville and Nashville railroad, in Ken-
tucky. As this gold premium continues to recede
the duties in tho same proportion recede and home
products are affected.
" Wheat is a drug in the West. Why? Because
of want of foroigii demand. And why is this? Im-
provements in agriculture and cheapened transport-
ation in Europe supply the markets that heretofore
at low rates took our surplus. This surplus is rapidly
increasing, while the foreign demand is likely to con-
tinue to fall oil until it gets nearly if not quite to zero.
Where, then, will I he agriculturists of tho West soil
their crops? Nowhere, unless we make a homo mar-
ket. And yet they clamor lor the suicidal policy of
destroying it.
" As to tho South, you anil I know what large in-
v ebtmuntb have recently been made by our immediate
neighbors in mineral lands in Alabama, Virginia,
and North Carolina—coal, iron, and plaster. Seo how
largely the States ot North Carolina and Alabama
have loaned tho State credit to promote internal
improvements.
" I have now before mo tho evidence that the State
of Alabama has guarantied eight per cent, in gold
bonds, at the rato of S16,000 per mile, to tho extent
of boveral million dollars, to aid certain railroads.
Counties in the State have also loaned their credit
largely. The State of North Carolina has over-
strained her credit for tho same purpose. These
States to maintain their credit are largely commit-
ted to a policy that develops their resources and
stimulates industry. A tariff that affords protection
can alone do this. A tariff alone will maintain tho
influx of northern and foreign capital into the south-
err^ States. It can scarcely be, theiefore, that old
prejudices, literally ante helium, will induce them to
maintain the statu quo, but surrendering them, along
with their cursc ol slavery, they will unite with the
friends of a tarift to stimulate their industries, de-
velop their resources, protect tho labor of their peo-
ple, make a home market for agricultural products,
and in tiie end cheapen everything they consume.''
Another gentleman, writing from Rome,
Georgia, recently, speaks to the same purpose.
Referring to the capabilities of the South and
the fact that the States are appropriating money
to build railroads, he says :
" There is no part of the United States in which
such largo deposits of iron exist as in middle and
north Alabama, north Georgia, and cast Tennessee.
A network of new railroads, aided by the State, are
building in Alabama, to reach those large deposits
as well us tho coal-iiclds in their immediate vicinity.
Yetnothingcan be successfully donetodevelop those
interests unless the duty on iron and coal be increased.
Capital here is very dear, labor is less skillful and
more difficult to control than in the old manufactur-
ing States. The fact is, tho South needs protection
to develop its vastmiceral and other resources more
than the eastern or middle States. Our State has
unfortunately no representation in Congress, but
Alabama ami Tennessee have. The peoplo of those
States are alive tothcimportance of developing their
mineral and manufacturing resources. The State
appropriations to railroads have been made with this
view, all of which will bo useless unless Congress, by
iDcreabing tho duties on foreign manufactures, en-
courage the erection of manufactories at home."
Mr. Chairman, one of the lexers of the pro-
tective policy upon this floor, in an apologetic
tone of voice, said to me during the early dis-
cussion of the propriety of reducing the duty
on pig, that—
" While the farmers of the great West were selling
their wheat at from fifty-five to sixty-fivo cents per
bushel, they begin to think it time other things camo
down in prico as well."
Pondering this proposition, I cannot for my
life see how forcing down the price of pig-iron
is going to force up the price of wheat. But
it seems to me that I can see how it will force
the price of wheat still lower to take the duty
off pig to the extent of destroying the protect-
ive feature. Reduce the production of Amer-
ican iron by letting in foreign iron, and you
not only take away the work of producing the
American iron from the American workman,
but you deprive the American workman of the
means to buy tho wheat from the western
farmer. Does the western farmer hope to sell
his wheat to the foreign workman, or will the
foreign workman eat more of his wheat lhau
the American workman will, or pay him more
for it?
Sir, the letter of my friend states the case.
We are all committed to a protective policy if
wo know what we are about. England will
buy none of our wheat if she can get it cheaper
from Germany or Russia. She can get it
cheaper from the wheat-growing districts of
the continent than we can send it to her, unless
we can reduce the wages of the laborer in our
fields to the low rates abroad. If we could do
this, would it be desirable to do it? By pay-
ing our workman well he becomes a con-
sumer of not only the wheat, corn, beef, and
pork of tlie West, hut of the diversified man-
ufactures of other States, as well as of his own
district. Reduce his wages to a sum barely
sufficient to buy the necessaries of life, and
what is he ? A mere machine. The day for
such a hope is past.
No, sir; the American farmer, seeking a,
steady, reliable market for his produce, may
expect to realize it only at home. Let him
resolve to help build it up by building up man-
ufactories of every articlc that wo can produce.
This can only bo done by a protective tariff.
Occasionally, through failure of crops abroad,
he will get rid of his surplus in a foreign mar-
ket. But the Union, steadily increasing in
population and wealth, inviting the world to
come and share in our prosperity, is his best
and surest reliance.
Itis a well-established fact that the best mar-
ket for farm produce is the iron and mining
districts of the country. Schuylkill county,
containing seven hundred and thirty square
miles and one hundred and forty thousand
inhabitants, does not raise ten per cent, of
tho food required, although it contains farms
that will rank as first class in any State of
the Union. An enterprising merchant of
Pottsville has made arrangements to bring
flour from Chicago direct to Schuylkill, a
distance of over one thousand miles, by rail.
If the mining population should be compelled
to turn its attention to agriculture, by reason
of the importation of vast qantities of iron
and other manufactures into the country, this
Chicago flour would not be needed in Schuyl-
kill county. And if our hills and valleys
could not be made to yield enough to feed us
wo would go to the broad prairies of Illinois
and add to tho surplus wheat that never did
nor never will find a foreign market unless in
case of famine abroad.
Mr. Chairman, it cannot be a mere coinci-
dence, without solid foundation in fact, that
whenever the balance of trade ruled heavily
against us the business of the country lan-
guished, and that, whenever the balance of
trade ruled in the least in our favor business
flourished throughout the land. It is easy to
conceive that if our manufactures are not to
be protected our citizensare to beimpoverished
and rendered too poor to purchase more than
the most ordinary necessaries of life, Factory-
men, furnace-men, and miners, driven to agri-
cultural pursuits, and through sheer idleness
to the cultivation of what in my district are
known as " Buchanan farms," will not be the
extensive consumers of the produce of the
great farms of the West that they are now.
Ihe proof is incontrovertible, that when the
