2986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
offered separately at public outcry to the highest
bidder, as hereinbefore provided; after whioh any
. unsold land or lot shall be subject to sale at private
entry for the appraised value at the proper land
office.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Senator included
the improvements, if there s&ould be any, in
this appraisement?
Mr. HARLAN. No; I nnderstood the hon-
orable Senator would offer an amendment cov-
ering that point.
Mr. POMEROY. I have prepared such an
amendment; but I did not know but that it
was covered by the Senator's amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill in
the thirteenth line of the first section by insert-
ing after the word " Colorado " the words " and
Fort Dakota, in the Territory of Dakota."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the bill
by inserting at the end of the first section the
following proviso:
Provided, That should there he improvements of
buildings or of building materials or other valuable
property, the Secretary of the Interior shall have
them appraised; and no patent shall issue for the
real estate until the improvements are paid for at
the appraised value thereof, under such regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
railroad in wyoming.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 609) granting wild lands in the Terri-
tory of Wyoming to aid in the construction of
a railroad from a point on the Union Pacific
railroad, at or near Church Buttes station, in
said Territory, to the headwaters of Smith's
Fork, in the Uinta mountains, and to secure
to the Government free transit for postal mat-
ter, troops, &c., over the same.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill was introduced
by the Senator from New York, who is not in
his seat, [Mr. Conkling.] It is simply a bill
granting lands in a wild country to enable some
parties to make a branch of the Union Pacific
railroad into the Uinta mountains, about
seventy miles long. The Senator from New
York felt quite an interest in the matter and
introduced the bill, and it is reported by the
Committee on Public Lands substantially ac-
cording to our system of reporting land grants
for railroads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. KELLOGG. I suggest that it be passed
over until the Senator from New York returns.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from New
York is for it. He does not want it passed
over in his absence for the sake of having it
dcfsfttcd •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is a
very carefully-drawn bill, I presume.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a bill drawn with
great care, and I hope the Senator from Louisi-
ana will allow it to pass.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well. I withdraw
my objection.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask whether there isany
limitation as to the prices at which, or the
time within which, the land is to be disposed of?
Mr. POMEROY. In this bill there is not.
Mr. HOWELL. It is not, as some may
think, my delight, fresh as I am in the Senate,
to rise here and object to bills in which my
friends have a very deep interest; but I con-
ceive it my duty to do so, and therefore I object
to this bill at the present time.
It will be remembered that at the last session
of Congress, which lasted but a month, two
hundred and twenty-four million acres of land
were granted by this Congress for the construc-
tion of railroads. Many fortunes were made
out of these two hundred mid twenty-four mil-
lion acres and are yet to be made out of them;
and it is for that reason that we are flooded at
the present session with a large number of bills
granting I do not know how many more times
that number of acres. •
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be mis-
taken in regard to the fact. I ask him, what
was it that got two hundred and twenty-four
million acres?
Mr. HOWELL. I have just now got the
North American Review for January out of
the Library.
Mr. POMEROY. All I have to say is that
there is nothing in the statement.
Mr. HOWELL. It is contained in an article
which has the signature of Mr. Adams.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care who signs it.
Mr. HOWELL. He says: "During those
twenty-six working days no less than twepty-
three bills were introduced into the Senate"—
perhaps they did not pass.
Mr. POMEROY. That is another thing.
Mr. HOWELL. "Providing for the con-
struction of fourteen thousand and fifty miles
of railway, which unaided private capital could
not be induced to build, and appropriating to
the furtherance of the work 225,245,520 acres
of the national domain, or nearly one half of
the whole amount of territory now remaining
unoccupied." I object to-the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the
Senator's objecting to the bill, but I have objec-
tion to a statement being made in which there
is not a word of truth.
Mr. HO WELL. Perhaps I was incorrect in
saying that bills had passed to the full extent.
My eye had just caught this article the moment
I rose.
Mr. POMEROY. There has not been as
much land as that appropriated for railroads
since the foundation of the Government.
Mr. HOWELL. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the consideration of the bill, and it
will be passed over.
pecos and placer ditch company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 55) granting the right of way and lands
to the Pecos and Placer Mining and Ditch Com-
pany of New Mexico.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a very important
matter to the people of the Territory of New
Mexico, and I hope the bill will be passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that bill had better
be passed over.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Dela-
ware if he desires to object to this bill ? This
is a very arid country there, and it very much ;
needs irrigation. This canal is to go by one j
of the richest of the newly-discovered mining 1
regions, and it has really become a necessity.
I presume the honorable Senator if he under-
stood it would not object.
Mr, POMEROY. The late Senator from
Indiana (Mr. Hendricks) when he was upon
the Committee on Public Lands prepared this
bill with great care. He took a great interest
in the subject, and reported the bill at a former
Congress, but it did not pass then. This bill
is precisely, except one or two slight amend-
ments, in the language of the bill that Mr.
Hendricks reported. He had been Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and he drew
it with great care. This bill introduces a new
feature in our system. It is a provision for the
irrigation of an abandoned country whieh can-
not be occupied nntil it is watered artificially.
This is the first bill of the kind vfe have ever
tried to pass in Congress, and it was on that
account that the committee, through Mr. Hend-
ricks, reported it at the former session.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is the first bill of the
kind I think it had better be considered care-
fully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, and the next will be read.
bills passed over.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 86) in regard to
the suspension of the sale of certain lands in
California.
Mr. STEWART. That may be passed over
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be passed over. The next bill on
the Calendar will be read.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 155) to exempt
from succession tax property in the city of
Baltimore intended to be conveyed by Mrs.
Isabella Brown to the Presbyterian church in
that city connected with the general assembly
of the Presbyterian church in the United States.
Mr. SCOTT. That may be passed over. A
general bill has been reported.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let this be postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. SCOTT. No; the general bill has not
been passed by the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1871.
Mr. THAYER. Let that be passed over.
Mr. POMEROY. I think, by an under-
standing with the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] who has charge of that bill, we can
agree to take it up on Thursday or Friday, as
soon as we get through the Calendar. Let
that be the general understanding, and it will
be satisfactory I have no doubt.
Mr. RAMSEY. I protest against any such
understanding.
Mr. SUMNER. The appropriation bill ought
to come up soon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This appropri-
ation bill will necessarily occupy a day or two
of the time of the Senate; and if the Senate
are satisfied with the progress they are making
I shall have no objection to allow it to be post-
poned until the end of the present order, which
I should hope would not be later than Thurs-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, and the next one will be read.
william h. barman.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 665) for the relief of William H. Har-
man; which was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. By its
terms the Secretary of the Treasury is to remit
and release to William H. Harman the inter-
nal revenue tax assessed on five hundred and
six gallons of whisky of his manufacture which
were destroyed by fire before removal from
the distillery and before a sale of the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed, for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
j. milton best.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 667) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton
Best; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate $25,000 to Dr. J.
Milton Best, of Paducah, Kentucky, in com-
pensation for the destruction of his dwelling-
house and its contents by order of Colonel S.
J. Hicks, commanding the United States troops
at Paducah, Kentucky, on the 26th day of
March, 1864.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That had better go over,
I think.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator, unless he
has good reason for it, will not object to this
bill. Of course the public is not concerned
in the immediate passage of the bill, but the
claimant is, and he has suffered a long while
and Buffered very severely.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I imagine that this brings
up in some shape the question as to how far
