1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
The motion was agreed to 5 and the Senate
oroceeded to consider the following resolution:
p~nleed That the thirty-ninth standing rule
o/the Senate be amended by adding thereto the
f0BatthSruleshall notapply to treaties with Indian
tribes, which shall be considered and acted upon m
open Senate. _
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Ferry, to add :
vor to treaties by whose ratification territory may
bo acquired to the United States from foreign Gov-
ernments.
Mr. FERRY. I have been requested by
Senators who are exceedingly anxious that the
* original resolution should prevail to withdraw
my amendment, as it undoubtedly will cause
debate. Being in favor of the original res-
olution I withdraw the amendment, but shall
renew it as a distinct proposition at another
tlUThe VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment being withdrawn, the question is on the
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that by
adding the words "unless the same Bhall be
transmitted to the Senate by the Executive for
its confidential consideration." I do not think,
considering the relations of this body to the
President, that if the President thinks it fit in
any particular case to ask our confidential
advice on the subject of a treaty we have a
right in honor or in law, in the general sense
of the term, to violate that confidence against
his will and say we will disclose his confiden-
tial communications to the public. It would
not be respectful to him; and it seems to me,
on the principles that exist between private
persons, it would not be honorable in the strict
gense of the term. I am entirely in favor of
considering every Indian treaty I ever saw or
heard of in open session. I think it will be
advantageous; I am sure the President of the
United States would be glad to have us do so;
but when you are to pass a rule for the gov-
ernance of the body I think we ought not to
tie ourselves up to an absolute obligation to
publish to the world every communication that
the President makes to us confidentially on
the subject of Indian treaties. I therefore
move that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see any import-
ance in the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, and I fail to see any significance in
the proposed rule. I presume the matter of
making Indian treaties is entirely at an end.
Mr. DRAKE. There are some now pending.
Mr. STEWART. I understand the Pres-
ident has sent a message withdrawing them.
Mr. DRAKE. We have not heard of it yet.
Mr. STEWART. That is the report in the
papers. The fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution seems to be a little in conflict with the
idea of treating any men in the United States
as independent tribes. " All persons born or
naturalized in the United States, and subject to
the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the Uni-
ted States and of the State wherein they reside.''
We are very differently situated from what we
were at the formation of the Constitution, when
there were many tribes of Indians and it became
necessary to treat with them. We were not
then sufficiently strong to govern that class of
persons. But now I do not think we shall ever
be troubled with any Indian treaties except
those that may be on hand. I am in favor of
the adoption of the amendment to the rules
suggested by the Senator from Missouri; but
I  ee no necessity for any limitation on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
_ The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
six, noes not counted.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
military academy appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. The census bill is before the
Senate, and the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I ask my colleague to yield
fifteen or twenty minutes, that we may put 011
its passage the appropriation bill for the West
Point Academy.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the census bill go over
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts yielding the floor, his colleague
asks consent to take up the Military Academy
appropriation bill, subject to a demand for the
regular order by any Senator. The Chair hears
no objection. #
The Senate, as in Committee of the \\ hole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 782)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out in
lines forty-one, forty-two, and forty-three the
words "and for other miscellaneous items,
as per estimate, $2,290, amounting in all to
$7,790," and in lieu thereof to insert:
Brooms, brushes, tubs, pails, and wages of police,
$1,500; chalk, sponge, and slates for recitation-rooms,
fifteen dollars; musical instruments, repairs for band,
and organist in chapel, $300; compensation to libra*
rian, $120; compensation to assistantlibrarian, $120;
compensation of non-commissioned officers in charge
of mechanics, fifty dollars; and compensation of
soldiers writing in adjutant's office, fifty dollars: in
all 87,690.
Mr. WILSON. This amendment, I will
simply say, makes a reduction on the House
bill of $100, but it specifies in detail the items,
rather than appropriate the whole sum in the
aggregate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
one, to strike out" $500'' and insert'' $3,000,''
so as to read: "For repairing roads, $3,000."
Mr. WILSON. On further investigation the
committee have concluded to withdraw that
amendment and let the appropriation stand as
it passed the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as disagreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the last clause of the bill, com-
mencing in line seventy-seven, as follows:
And hereafter, in addition to the other members
of the Board of Visitors to be appointed by the Pres-
ident, according to existing law, to attend the annual
examination of cadets at the United States Military
Academy, there shall be on every such board two
Senators, to be designated by the Vice President or
President pro tempore of the Senate, and three mem-
bers of the House of Representatives,to be designated
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, such
designations respectively to be made at the session
of Congress next preceding the time of such examin-
ation; and the Senators and members so appointed
shall make full report of their action as such Visitors,
with their views and recommendations in regard to
the said Military Academy, within twenty days after
the meeting of Congress, at the session next succeed-
ing the time of their appointment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Military Committee how the total
amount of this appropriation compares with
the total amount appropriated for the last fiscal
year, in order that we may be informed whether
our expenses are increasing in this particular
department of administration or are being
reduced somewhat?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
greater portion of the items are very near the
same in the aggregate and not increased. There
is one appropriation that I think is a little
larger than last year, and that is to finish a
building already begun for a recitation room.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
KOCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 151) in rela-
tion to the construction of the Rock Island
bridge was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee shall this resolution be referred ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have usually considered
those bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it came from the Committee on Appropriations
in the House of Representatives, but he is not
certain.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolution
in regard to the construction of the Rock Islan d
bridge, involving an appropriation of about
one million dollars. It will be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations if there be no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care where it
goes, but the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads have generally considered that
subject heretofore.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine that this bill
simply appropriates money to carry on the
work on the bridge, and is not in connection
with the subject of bridge-building.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read, that Senators may understand
what it is.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which provides that in the construction of the
bridge heretofore authorized by Congress
across the Mississippi river, between liock
Island and the city of Davenport, the Secre-
tary of War shall have power to construct the
same for a single railroad track only, and to
place the wagon-road below the railroad track,
as recommended by the chief of engineers ;
but in no case is the expenditure on the part
of the United States to exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it should go to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other mo-
tion be made, the joint resolution will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred.
ANTI-FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the census bill,
the pending question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws, upon which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the consent of the
Senate to consider a resolution that I offered
yesterday, calling for information from the
Post Office Department. I was not in the Sen-
ate when the resolution of my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] passed this morn-
ing; but as it does not entirely cover the
ground that I intended to cover by the resolu-
tion that I offered yesterday, I ask the Senate
to consider that resolution now.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection, pro-
vided the pending bill is passed over inform-
ally so as not to lose its place.
Mr. BAYARD. That is what I mean.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the unfinished business will be passed
over informally, and the resolution referred to
by the Senator from Delaware will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Itetolved, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, directed to report to the Senate by whom
the heading of the petitions for the abolition ot the
franking privilege was prepared; and when, where,
and by whose order and at whose expense the said
petitions were printed and circulated, and the cost
of the same; and that he also communicate>to the
Senate the facts upon which the allegations of fraud
and abuse in the exercise of thesaid franking privi-
lege contained in tho said petitions are founded.
The resolution was adopted.
FORT SNELLING MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts, as the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conkling,] who has the census
bill in charge, is not present, that it be inform-
