1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2987
Government ought to go in theindemnification
of persons who have suffered in consequence
of the war, as I understand that this property
was destroyed by the military operations ot
the Government. I presume that question
cannot be decided without some discussion.
Mr. HOWE. This was in Kentucky, on the
Ohio river, not in any insurrectionary State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to have the
report read. I will not object to the consider-
ation of the bill at present.
Mr. HOWE. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report submitted by
Mr. Howe on the 15th of March:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Dr. J. Milton Best, submit this their
report:
Tbis claim is for the value of a dwelling-house
iwd its contents destroyed by order of Colonel S. G.
Hicks,of the fortieth regimentof Illinois volunteers,
commanding the Union forces in defense of the city
of Paducah, Kentucky, in March, 1861.
On the 25th of March, General N. B. Forrest at-
tacked the city in force. Colonel Hicks, with a com-
mand of about seven hundred men, withdrew into
Fort Anderson. The sharp-shooters of the enemy
soon took possession of claiwant'shouse and grounds
in large numbers, about one hundred and fifty yards
from the fort, and from that position did great ex-
ecution in picking off men at the guns within the
defenses. They were driven from the house by shells
from the fort and gun-boats, and the enemy's whole
force retired from the assault at eleven o'clock that
night without success. They appeared again next
morning with reinforcements, and Colonel Hicks,
regarding his command in great peril, having ex-
hausted, or nearly exhausted, his ammunition the
preceding night, gave orders for the destruction of
all houses within musket-range of the fort. The
order was executed at once, and claimant's house
was bnrned, with its contents. The enemy then with-
drew.
Fort Anderson was planned in 1861, and located
within one hundred and fifty yards of claimant's
house, which had been completed early that year.
When General C. F. Smith located the fort in the
fall of 1861 he decided, in consultation with officers
of his command, to have the claimant's house, to-
gether with other houses in the immediate vicinity,*
condemned and removed, and to that end ordered a
board of officers to assess the value, <tc., but that
board never reported, and according to testimony
of General E. A. Paine failed to report, because of
the movements of troops to which officers compos-
ing the board belonged, and thus the condemnation
was never consummated.
Complainant's house, a very large, high-posted,
three-story brick one. of solid walls, overlooked the
fort, and proved in this battle a great fortress for
the enemy, and Colonel Hicks regarded its destruc-
tion essential to the safety of his command.
The claimant's loyalty is unquestioned, and the
officers in command at that post from time to time
daring the war testify to his reliability and the
effective aid he rendered the Union cause.
In October of that year the post commander, in
anticipation of another attack, ordered the standing
walls of the house to be pulled down, and during the
ensuing winter the soldiers used the bricks in making
walls and chimneys for their winter quarters, and
thus the entire dwelling-house, its contents, and
materials were lost to claimant.
The value of claimant's property so destroyed is
proved with particularity, and satisfactorily to the
committee, amounting to $27,653 93.
The case presents the simple question of who shall
pay for the destruction of a loyal citizen's property,
destroyed by theorderof acommandingoflicertosave
his imperiled army, at the claimant's home, a place
never in possession of the enemy and in a non-
seceding State. Paducah was garrisoned by Union
troops from the beginning to the close of the war;
was often threatened by the enemy, and more than
once attacked. It is a city whose inhabitants were
mostly disloyal in sentiment during the rebellion.
The fort was built, as it were, under the shadow of
the claimant's house, rendering the destruction of
the house necessary, as the event proved.
It appears to your committee that the facts estab-
lish a just claim against the Government for private
property taken and destroyed to prevent a greater I
destruction of its own property and the massacre of
its troops.
_ But it is the opinion of the committee that the
injuries to the claimant's house by shelling out the
rebels in the battle of the 25th of March may be re-
garded as a casualty by the general ravages of war,
which might properly be deducted from the amount
of loss proved by claimant. And as no proof is found
of the injury during the battle, and as the burning
of the property followed so soon after the battle as
to almost preclude the possibility of proof upon that
point, the committee have reported a bill for the
payment of $25,000, instead of the full amount of
damages, proved at $27,653 93.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill ? The Chair
hears none; and it is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 am not quite satisfied
with this bill, I must confess. I think that it is
a precedent that is fraught with important con-
sequences to the Treasury oft he United States.
Here was a building thai was occupied by the
enemy, which they used, and from which they
assailed the troops of the United States ; and
our troops in conducting the battle that occurred
found it necessary to destroy this building in
order to save the army; and now it is claimed
that the Government ought to pay the owner of
that building for the property. I doubt very
much whether such a bill as this ought to pass
without some consideration. I do not know
but that the Senate will conclude upon a discus-
sion of the merits of the question to determine
that in all cases where by the casualties of bat-
tle the property of a loyal citizen was destroyed
the Government ought to pay that loyal citizen
for such property, because it will be impossible
to make any nice distinctions between one kind
of property and another kind of property. If
this bill passes the precedent will be estab-
lished 
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
objects to it. He cannot debate it and object,
too.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know whether I
can or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
object at any time before final action uuder the
order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not objecting to the
consideration of the bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take np the
bill laid aside for a moment to prepare an
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I stated that I did not
object to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. HOWE. There is no objection.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish the Senator from
Wisconsin would state wherein this bill differs
in principle from the case of Sue Murphey that
was discussed and rejected by the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that I can state
any difference in principle between this and
the Sue Murphey case.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I think this had bet-
ter go over.
Mr. HO WE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts I guess jumped a little before he got to
the stile. I can explain how he could state
the difference between the principle in this
bill and the principle involved in the bill for
the relief of Sue Murphey. The only objection
that was urged by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and those who voted with him, to the Sue
Murphey bill was, first, that they were not quite
satisfied of .her loyalty, and second, that she
lived in a rebel State. Neither of those alle-
gations can be urged against this claim. This
man was so loyal that he stood on the top of
his own house, signaling with his own hand,
to our troops within the garrison how to train
their guns on the approaching foe. That is
pretty good evidence of loyalty, as this world is
made. Asto the locality: this was in Kentucky
on one bank of the Ohio river, and not in Ala-
bama, where Sue Murphey's house was. Ken-
tucky never did Becede, never was declared to
be in rebellion. I do not think that makes
any difference in law between Kentucky and
Alabama; but the Senator from Massachusetts
did think so a year ago. I hope he has got
over that notion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, know-
ing the Senator from Wisconsin to be one of
the ablest lawyers in this body, I wish to pro-
pound a question to him. I know nothing about
the circumstances of this case; but he made
use of the expression "rebel State." Will the
honorable Senator tell us what he means by a
rebel State? In any constitutional sense, I
should like to know what he means by the use
of the words "rebel State." Individuals may
rebel, but I want to know whether a State can
rebel.
Mr. HOWE. I simply mean by a rebel
State a State whose authority declared that
they were independent of the sovereignty of
the United States, and a State which the Pres-
ident, under the authority of law, declared to
be in a state of insurrection. That is all I
mean.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts object to this bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
passed over, and it is not before the Senate for
its consideration.
SOUTHERN MARYLAND RAILROAD BONDS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 697) to authorize the authorities of the
city of Washington, District of Columbia, to
indorse the bonds of the Southern Maryland
Railroad Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is re-
ported by the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Lewis] from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Virginia
is not present to-day, and I ask that the bill
be passed over.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
ISLAND INSTITUTE OP WASHINGTON.
The next bill on the Calendar w&s the bill
(S. No. 584) incorporating the Island Institute
ofWashington,DistrictofColumbia; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to incorporate J. W. Parker, S. S.
Fisher, P. S. Delan, A. K. Browne, J. H.
Patrick, Z. Richards,W. S. Huntington, Dan-
iel Smith, S. F. Sykes, S. S. Hardy, D. G.
Foster, W. B. Wedgwood, G. F. McLellan,
P. H. Branson, G. M. P. King, William
Fletcher, J. E. Hatch, W. L. Worcester,
Charles Gaylord, George Bancroft, Harry
Crook, Alice L. Hall, M. E. McLellan, E. J.
Baker, Fannie E. Hall, S. Emma Gray, Em-
ma J. Sykes, and their successors in office by
the name of "The Island Institute of the city
of Washington, hi the District of Columbia,"
with the usual powers of a corporation. The
object of this corporation is declared to be tho
establishment and maintenance of an indus-
trial evening and Sunday school for the ben-
efit of persons who have no other means of
instruction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on the District of Columbia have reported this
bill with various amendments, correcting the
spelling of names, as the Secretary states, and
if there be no objection they will be regarded
as agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. 'I do not wish to inter-
fere with the passage of the bill, but I submit
that we ought not to compel these parties to
make their school an evening school. I should
lfrke to know why it is that they are obliged to
have an evening school?
Mr. HAMLIN. Because it is just what they
Mr. POMEROY. They may want that
to-day and want a dav school hereafter.
Mr. HAMLIN, 'ftien let them come and
ask for a day school when they want it. We
give them now just what they ask and no
more.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not say "a school,"
and then they can have it a day or evening
school.
Mr. HAMLIN. Because they want an even-
ing school to educate poor children who can
go in the evenings ana cannot go in the day-
time. That is just what they ask.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose we say "school;"
can they not have it-in the evenings then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas move to amend the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not move to amend
it if the Senator from Maine does not want it
amended.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
