1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
ally passed over for a short time until he comes
into the Chamber.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is the desire of the
Senate, of course I would not press it in the
absence of the Senator from New York. In-
deed, I am very anxious to have him present.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 23.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Chair apprehends that
the Senator from Massachusetts desires to ask
unanimous consent to take up the resolution
indicated by him. If a vote is taken on the
motion it will displace the unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. Let the unfinished business
be passed over informally.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over informally if there be no objection.
The Senator from Massachusetts asks unani-
mous consent to take up the joint resolution
indicated by him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for
setting apart a portion of the Fort Snelling
military reservation for a permanent military
post, and the settlement of all claims in rela-
tion thereto. It empowers the Secretary of
War to select and set apart for a permanent mil-
itary post so much of the military reservation
of Fort Snelling, not less than one thousand
acres, as the public interests may require for
that purpose, and to quiet the title to the res-
ervation, and to settle all claims in relation
thereto, and for the use and occupation thereof,
upon principles of equity.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
FORT RIDGELY MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I should like to
call up Senate bill No. 351, for the protection
of the settlers within the Fort Ridgely military
reservation, Minnesota.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Business of
that kind can be proceeded with by unanimous i
consent; but any Senator can arrest debate at
any time by_calling for the regular order. Is
there objection to considering the hill named
by the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. DRAKE. What is the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the Fort Ridgely bill.
It has been before the Committee on Public
Lands, and returned again by them with a
recommendation that it be passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
may as well go over for a full discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be taken up at this time.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 436, which has been
read in detail, and I believe it is only neces-
sary to put it on its passage if the Senate are
OA niflnAood
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the title of the bill.
The Secretary. " A bill (S. No. 436) to
relieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United StAtes, and for ot.her purposes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection toproceeding to the consideration of
bill? The Chair hears none, and the bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill has been read and is open
to amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 desire to offer some
amendments to the bill. There are a few
clerical errors that I desire to correct. On i
pue 8, line thirty-nine, I move to strike out
''Fred" and to insert "Frederick," so that
it will read " Frederick Gates." In line forty
the name "Mark A. Estedan" should be
" Mark A. Estevan." In line forty-five the
name "Frederick B. Earhart" should be
"Ferd. B. Earhart." In the forty-sixth line
the name " Oscar Dennet" should be "Oscar
Donnet."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All those
amendments, being clerical, will be considered
as agreed to, if there be no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG. In the forty-eighth line
the name "George M. Diermeyer" should be
" George S. Diermeyer."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. KELLOGG. In the forty-ninth line
the name'' Joseph Horner'' should be " Joseph
P. Hornor," and in the same line the name
"Robert D. Bridges" should be "Robert D.
Bridger." In line fifty-one the name " Frank
W. Delesdunire" should be " Frank W. Deles-
dernier," and in the same line the name "J. C.
Bridges" should be "J. C. Bridger." In the
fifty-third line the name "J. D. Wimple"
should be "J. D. Wemple," and the name "J.
J. Stringer" should be "Joseph J. Stringer."
In line fifty-five the name "J. E. Trudean"
should be "J. E. Trudeau."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those sev-
eral amendments, being clerical, will be con-
sidered as agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. The name of " James A.
Maxwell, Claiborne parish," in the fifty-fourth
and fifty-fifth lines on the same page, is an
error. It should be "James A. Maxwell,
Claiborne county, Mississippi.'' I ask that the
bill be amended and changed by striking out
those words on page 3, lines fifty-four and
fifty-five, and inserting them at the end of line
sixty-one.
; The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. KELLOGG. I have been handed four
j or five names, recommended by a very eminent
| citizen of Louisiana temporarily sojourning in
j this city, which I desire to offer as amendments
| to this bill. I desire to amend the bill by adding
' the following names after line fifty-nine on
. page 3:
I Ezra B. Town e. Madison parish; John E. Dutillet,
New Orleans; John W. Todd, John G. Warren,
, Claiborne parish: J. R. Head, Bienville parish;
John A. Walsh, John A. New, John B. Robertson,
E. L. Bovren, jr., Henry Do Veuve, New Orleans;
Walter T. Scott, Jefferson parish; Anthony W.
Faulkner, Louisiana.
These names have been recommended to
me, as I said a moment ago, by a very emi-
nent gentleman from my State residing tem-
porarily in this city; and if I were to mention
his name I doubt not it would be recognized
as good authority regarding the loyalty and
standing of these gentlemen.
I move further to-amend the bill in the sev-
enty-seventh line, by inserting the name of
"A. M. West, Bedford," and "Kenneth Ray-
nor, De Soto county, Mississippi." These last
names are recommended by Governor Alcorn,
of Mississippi.
On page 9, after line ninety-eight, in the
Virginia list, I desire to amend by adding the
name of "Richard G. Pegram, Petersburg,
Virginia."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is fin inserting in this bill the several
names read by the Senator from Louisiana.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move further to amend
the bill by adding the name of "F. N. Wat-
kins, Farmville, Virginia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to have two names put
in that bill: in line one hundred and thirty-six,
"Kidder Walker, Colorado county, Texas;"
and in line one hundred and ninety-two,
" George Lowe, jr., of Norfolk, Virginia." I
move to amend the bill accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to add to the
bill three names: " John B. Ross, William B.
Johnston, and C. A. Nutting, of Macon, Geor-
gia," to be put in the proper place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the bill
in the sixteenth line by inserting the name3
of " H. S. Winfield, Tuscaloosa county; M. L.
Stansel, Pickens county; and Henry A. McGeej
Lawrence county, Alabama." They are all
j! men with whom I am personally acquainted,
It and know they ought to have their disabilities
removed.
' | The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. FOWLER. I move that the bill be
i amended in line one hundred and thirty-eight
byinsertingthenameof" William P. A. Camp-
bell," instead of "William Campbell;" and
also the name of " James J. Turner," instead
: of "James Turner," and at the close of line
one hundred and forty-one by inserting:
Robert J. McKinney, Arohibald Wright, John W.
Head, Thomas S. Bowyers, W. S. Mundy, Neill S.
Brown, John Overton, Miner Merriwether, George
H. Nixon, A. M. Hughes, jr., F. C. Dunnington,
James H. Thomas, Abraham L. Demos.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to know if these
names have ever been submitted to the Com-
mittee on Disabilities? We are exercising a
great constitutional function here, requiring a
■ two-thirds vote. It was intended by the Consti-
tution, I suppose, to have some seriousness
about it. Now, if we are to remove the dis-
j abilities of everybody whom any gentleman
j: chooses to suggest, without having the names
; sent to a committee, I merely wish to know it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will answer the ques-
tion. Noneof the additional names proposed
by Senators who have moved amendments up
to this time have been before the committee.
Mr. SPENCER. I will correct the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina by stating
that the three names which I proposed have
been before the committee and have passed
1 the Senate three times in bills which are now
in the other House, having passed this body
last winter. I have put them in here because
they are very deserving cases, as I know per-
sonally, in the hope that this bill may pass,
whereas possibly the others may fail.
Mr. FOWLER. The name of William Camp-
bell was before the committee, and the amend-
i ment I moved in regard to him was simply to
correct a mistake by which the letters " P. A."
were left out. The name of " James Turner "
is also in the bill. I have moved simply to
insert the letter " J," the initial of his middle
name. His name was before the committee.
I have also submitted the name of A. M. Hughes,
jr., whose name was before the committee last
winter. The other names that I have moved
are now submitted for the first time, and they are
men of the highest character in the State of
Tennesse. I wish here to make a remark in re-
fard to a statement that was made, I think, on
'riday evening last, that there was some one in
! the list from Tennessee who was laboring under
; the ten indictments for murder. In addition to
| names of Campbell and Turner, which I have
mentioned, this bill contains the names of
Daniel B. Cliff, George H. Morgan, James M.
Butler, Austin H. Morgan, Daniel M. Morgan,
William Hawkins, William W. McCue, and
Job M. Morgan, of Tennessee. I know noth-
ing of these names and have had nothing to do
with their insertion ; but in regard to the others
which I have moved, I should like to see the
individual here or anywhere else who would
assert that either one of them is laboring under
any such disability as was imputed by the re-
mark to which I refer, or any reproach in regard
to his moral or political integrity at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If treason, levying war
against the United States, is not a reproach
upon a man's political integrity, I should like
to be informed what would be so considered ?
Mr. FOWLER. That was not the charge
made here ; but it was said that one individual
