2988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ALFKKD B. WINSLOW.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) for the relief
of Alfred B. Winslow, of Portland, Maine;
which was considered as in Committee of the
"Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to reissue aud deliver to Alfred B.
Winslow, of Portland, Maine, notes and secur-
ities of the United States to the amount of
$1,250 in place of the following, which were
lost and destroyed by fire on the 4th of July,
1866, namely: one five-twenty, No. 30572,
dated May 1, 1864, for $100: one five- twenty,
No. 9689, dated May 1, 1864, for fifty dollars ;
one five-twenty, No. 30569, dated May 1,1664,
for $100 ; one five-twenty, No. 8538, dated
May 1,1864, for $500; and one of 1881, No.
11834, dated November 16, 1861, for $500.
And the Secretary of the Treasury is to take
such bond and security to indemnify the Gov-
ernment against the presentation of the same
for redemption as he may deem necessary and
sufficient.
Mr. CORBETT. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
report.
The VtCE PRESIDENT. There is no
written Senate report, but there may be a
House report.
Mr. SCOTT. There is a written report
accompanying the bill, a report made in the
fioose of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the report made by the Committee
of Claims of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
.The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial and evidence of Alfred 15. Winslow,
of Portland. Maine, praying to be reimbursed for the
loss by fire of certain Government securities,, having
had the same under consideration, report:
That on the 4th of July, 1866, when there occurred
an extonsive loss of buildings and property by fire
in Portland. Maine, the claimant and Eben M. Tib-
betts had assigned to them, for their own use, a com-
Sartment and drawer in the safe of the coun-ting-
ouse of James N. Winslow, merchant, of the city
of Portland, and in which they had deposited the
following United States securities, the property of
claimant:
Two five-twenty bonds of May 1,1864, B109 each.. $200
One five-twenty bond of May 1, 1864  500
One fivertwentjr bond Of May 1,18M  50
One 1881 bond of November 16,1861   500
Total     $1,259
And alio the following, the property of Eben M.
Tibbetts:
Seventeen seven-thirty bonds of #103 eaoh. 81,700
Two seven-thirty bonds of $500 each     1,000
Total      82,700
All of which, it is alleged, and so believed, were
burned and destroyed by fire in the safe, and at the
eaid counting-house of James N. Winslow, merchant,
Portland, on the said 4th of jHly, 1806.
Evidence is submitted that after the fire the safi*
was opened and the charred -remains of the bonds
carefully inspected bypartifeS who identified the
numbers[ anddenominationsof aportion of them, but
who oouldnot distinguish sufficiently to identify all
that was claimed to have been lost.
Woodbury Davis, esq., the postmaster of Portland,
one or the parties who made the examination, in-
closed the remains in a sealed box, marked and
identified, for lurther examination at the Treasury
Department. Affidavits of claimant and Tibbetts
stating the number, date, and denomination of each
note or bond were submitted to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who caused the remains to be further
tested, when it was fonnd that a part only of the
seven-thirty notes of Tibbetts Could be identified,
together with the 8500 and fifty dollar fivo-twentj
bonds of claimant. The remains of the $500 of 1881
and of the two $100 five-twenty could not be satis-
factorily identified.
The Treasury Department, after Sufficient delay
to insure against the return of the notes of Tibbetts
after matuHty. and none of them having been re-
turned or known to exist, settled with him for the
full amount, taking security to indemnify the Gov-
ernment according to the regulations of that Depart-
-went.
Thereremain. therefore, oftbecontentsof the said
box only the losses of the claimant to be indemnified
By the Government, amounting to $1,250. Of this
|550was identified, leaving $700 only not capable of
burnt distinguished as to the denominations, Hum-
bert, and dates, though there does not appear to have
been aDy doubt, in fact, of the claim and representa-
tion of these parties.
Undoubted evidence has been brought to the com-
mittee by honorable members of this House as to the
integrity of the claimant, and the evidence corrob-
orating so large a portion of the material parts of
: the claim is so satisfactory that the committee have
decided, after a full discussion of the merits, to rec-
ommend that the claimant be granted the relief for
which he asks.
It is therefore recommended that the Secretary of
; the Treasury be authorized to reissue to the claim-
ant, Alfred B. Winslow, of Portland, Maine, securi-
. ties of tho United States, at therato of six per cent,
to the amount of $1,250, in place of that class and
amount lost and destroyed as aforesaid, and for this
purpose report the following joint resolution, and.
recommend its passage.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to embarrass
the passage of any bill of this kind which is
meritorious, but I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania that there is a
radical defect in this case in one point. It
seems that a portion of the bonds were capable
| of identification in the charred remains which
were found in the safe. It seems that other
jj bonds were not capable of such identification.
I I suggest to the honorable Senator from Penn-
j, pylvania that there is a defect in the facts of
!! this case in this particular, that the party does
!! not show that he had acquired bonds of the
ji dates and numbers specified in the joint res-
olution. If he had shown that fact, if he had
offered evidence that he bad at such a time
and place bought bonds of that description,
then I think the case would have been full;
but. if I heard the report correctly, no suGh
evidence is given in thia case, and for that
reason I think there is a defect in the case as
presented in the report.
Mr. SCOTT. The report does not detail in
full all the evidence given to support the claim
in this case. If the nonorable Senator from
Missouri followed the evidence in the case he
will remember that a safe in the store of the
brother of this claimant was. appropriated to
the use of this claimant and another man
named Tibbetts. While in the charred remains
of a great many of the bonds there was suffi-
cient to enable them to identify them by num-
ber, there were, it is true, other charred re-
mains which were so far destroyed as to ren-
der it impossible to identify them. But a list
of all the bonds deposited in the safe both by
Tibbetts and Winslow had been kept by them-
selves, and by parties who were present when
the bonds were deposited in that safe; and
upon inquiry at the I reasury Department, made
for the purpose, it is found that the coupons
upon the numbers incapable of identification
have never been presented since the fire at
Portland. It has been the practice of the Com-
mittee on Claims, after the lapse of a consid-
erable time and on sufficient evidence, to show
that bonds of a certain number have been lost
or destroyed and the coupons have not been
presented, to presume their destruction. There
is sufficient evidence, in this case, I think, to
prove to any one who examines the whole evi-
dence that the bonds incapable of identifica-
tion were with those that have been identified,
and.that the claim is a perfectly honest one
and sustained by the testimony.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.,
SAMUEL MIM.BR.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas M.
Page, executor of Samuel Miller; of Campbell
county, Virginia.
The Secretary read thebill. Il appropriates
$41,809 40 in satisfaction of the claim of
Nicholas M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller,
of Campbell county, Virginia, for reimburse-
ment of that sum paid into the Treasury of the
United States, it having been paid under a
decree of the district court of the district of
Indiana, confiscating $109,000 in the five per
cent, bonds of the State, and $10,900 cash,
being two years' interest on the bonds belong-
ing to Samuel Miller, which decree was after-
ward reversed and set aside by the circuit court
of the United States; but before such pay.
ment is to be made to the executor the State
bonds which were the subject of such decree
of confiscation are to be deposited with the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
subject to such disposition as the Legislature
of the State of Indiana may see fit to make of
1 the same; which State bonds are described as
follows, namely: No. 512, amount $12,000;
No. 699, amount $4,000; No. 715, amount
$4,000; No. 1328, amount $9,000; No. 1510,
amount $2,000 ; No. 1540, amount $3,000:
No. 1604, amount $5,000; No. 1663, amount
ij $4,000; No. 1708, amount 3,000; No. 2007,
I amount $4,000; No. 53, amount $16,000;
' No. 277, amount $22,000: No. 354, amount
!.' $13,000; No. 419, amount $3,000; No. 1015,
,j amount $5,000.
Mr. MORTON. I was not aware of the
| pendency of this bill on the Calendar, and I
: will, for this evening at least, ask that it be
, passed over. Perhaps I may consent to-mor-
\ row that it may be resumed. Does my col-
; league understand it?
1 Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] reported this bill, and is
; more familiar with the facts than I am.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that it be passed over
for the present
Mr. SCOTT. Does the Senator object to
the bill ?
Mr. MORTON. I will ask to have it passed
. over this evening. Perhaps I may consent that
it shall be called up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
LANDS IN SALT LAKE CITY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 509) for the relief of the inhabitants
of Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the words "not ex-
ceeding five thousand in all," contained in an
act entitled ''An act for the relief of the inhab-
itants ofcities and towns upon the public lands,''
approved March 2, 1867, shall not apply to
Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah; but
the act is to be so amended and construed in
its application to that city, that lands may be
entered as provided in it for the full number
of inhabitants contained in the <bity not exceed-
ing fifteen thousand; and as the city covers
school section No. 36 in township No. 1 north
of range No. 1 west, it may be embraced in
such entry, and indemnity is to be given there-
for when a grant shall be made by Congress
of sections sixteen and thirty-six in the Terri-
tory of Utah for school purposes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have a
little explanation of the bill. It seems to
relate to land matters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report
accompanying the bill, and as the Senator from
Oregon desires information in regard to it the
report will be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. McDonald, from the Com-
mittee on Territories, on the 16th of March
last:
i The Committee on Territories, to whom was re-
ferred Senate bill No: 909, being a bill for the relief
of the inhabitants of Salt Lake City, in the Territory
of Utah, beg leave to report:
[ That,as appears by the plat on file in the office of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, Salt
! Lake City covers an area of nine square miles, or five
thousand seven hundred and sixty acres, laid out
into blocks of ten acres each, which are again divided
into lots containing one and one fourth acres each.
Ihe streets are one hundred and twenty-eight feet
wide.
_ Tho lands in question, being covered by municipal
improvements and within the limits of an incorpor-
ated city, are excluded from the operation of the pre-
emption and homestead laws, while, under the town-
site law, as at present enacted, no more than two
thoosand two hundred and forty acres can be entered,
so that without relief of the character contemplated
by this bill the settlers and residents of the city can
only procure title to the last-named area of land,
being less than one half the actual area covertd by
the city and occupied and improved by the settler*
for more than twenty years.
