3982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
strike oat, ia favor of those who invest tlmir
capital in bonds of the United States, ami
against those who invest ia other equally good
securities. The fact is that some of these sav-
ings-banks have been established since the war,
after the bonds had gone .up in the market
and were out of their reach, and they therefore
invested in the securitieswhich theynow hold.
They are as safe and sound and just as benefi-
cent as those which are invested in bonds of
the United States. The bill exempts from tax
only those which invest in United States bonds.
I wish to exempt from tax all savings-banks,
whether they invest their deposits in United
States securities or in other securities equally
good.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then it will exempt from
tax all of these savings institutions receiving
deposits to be loaned or invested for the sole
benefit of the parties without profit or com-
pensation to the assoeiatiou .or company, no
matter how they invested them.
Mr. WOODWARD. The purpose of my
amendment is to exempt all of them, whether
they have invested in United States bonds or
other equally good securities.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. In line live hundred and
eighty-eight, after the words "distillers pro-
ducing twenty-live barrels or less of distilled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof spirits
to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay
$100; and if producing more than twenty-live
barrels shall pay in addition four dollars for
each sueh barrel produced in excess of twenly-
iive barrels" insert, the following:
Except distillers of spirit from apples, pouches
or trrupes exclusively, producing ten barrels or less
of distilled Hpiutu within the year, who shall oaoh
p:iv forty dollars ; mid if producing more than Ion
barrels, shall pay in addition four dollars tor oaoh
r.ucli barrel produced in excess of ton barrels.
1 think there will be no objection to this
amendment on the part either of the Commit-
tee of Ways und Means or of any gentleman
who will examine it. it preserves exactly the
same rale of taxation, and simply provides
that the small distiller shall not pay a tax for
doing a wholesale business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I see no objection to the
gentleman's amendment, since it preserves the
same rate of taxation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL.^ I move to amend by
striking out the following words after the word
"banking," in the forty-eighth line:
And a tax of one fourth of one per cent, each month
on tho average amount of nil deposits of public
money in their possession to tile credit ot tile Treas-
urer or any disbursing oflioer ot tho United States.
Mr. Speaker, ] shall give my reasons for pro-
posing to strike out these words, which levy a
tax of three per cent, per annum on United
States deposits in national banks. The effect
Of the amendment will be that there shall be
no modification of the existing faw in reference
to United States deposits in national banks.
Mr. PETERS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he should also strike out, in lines
forty-two and forty-three, the words "other
than public moneys of the United States."
Mr. INUERSO LL. That can be done after-
ward. Mr. Speaker, it is well known that the
national banks in the largo cities are not made
depositories for public moneys. In cities where
there is a United Slates sub-Treasury, or As-
sistant Treasurer, moneys belonging to the
United States are deposited in sueh sub-
Treasury.
Tim national banks in the country are alone
affected by the provisions as to these deposits.
Take my own district, for instance. Several
ol the national banks in that district receive
United States moneys on deposit, which are
subject to the draft of the Treasury of the
United States on call. We all know that
country banks never loan money on call as
they do in New York and the other large cities
of the United States. Hence the country banks
cannot make use of the deposits by the United
States in their regular business as they make
use of the deposits of their regular customers.
Further, it is provided under the existing
law that United States banks receiving national
deposits shall put up, as security with the Treas-
urer of the United States, bonds of the United
States ranging from $50,000 to $100,000 or
more, in the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, as security for the United Stales
deposits. These bonds draw, as we know,
five or six per cent, interest. But the country
banks in Indiana, in Illinois, in Ohio, and
elsewhere could loan that money, which is
invested in United States bonds and pledged
here with the Treasurer of the United States
as security for these deposits, at a greater rate
than five or six per cent. It would all be
taken at ten per cent., which is the regular
rate of interest in the State of Illinois.
Now the depositors who supply the banks
with their money receive no security whatever,
except sueh security as is afforded by the char-
acter of the institution and the character of the
directors. But the Government is specially
favored in this regard by having a deposit in
the United States Treasury of a large amount
of bonds often equal to the amount, and often
largely in excess of the amount of the United
States deposits.
Take, for instance, the city of Peoria in my
own State. The Government may have de-
posits in two national banks there of $150,000.
Tho First has ยง75,000 in deposit as security for
the United States deposits. Now, the Gov-
ernment is allowed to draw, without notice, on
the national banks for every dollar which it
it has deposited with them. Hence the banks
cannot loan those deposits for the ordinary
business purposes of Peoria, but have to send
them to Chicago or somewhere else where they
can be subject to the draft, of the United States
on call. Hence, if you charge these banks
three per cent, besides requiring them to keep
on deposit in the Treasury of the United States
$50,000 or ยง100,000 in United States bonds,
you will compel all the national banks of
the country to relinquish those deposits be-
cause they have no inducement to keep them.
1 desire to have the House to understand that
it is the interest of the United Slates to have
these national banks at suitable places all over
the United States as Government depositories
for the convenience of the Government.
It is not so much a source of profit to tho
national banks to have these deposits, but it
is to the interest of the Government to bo able
to have the collector, for instance of my dis-
trict, deposit every day the thousands of dollars
which ho receives from the collection of taxes
and which he is required by law to deposit
every day. And then the Government has its
security in tho bonds which are deposited here
by the banks in the Treasury of the United
States as security for United States deposits.
Now, either this provision ought to bestricken
out or it ought to be provided that these de-
posits in country banks shall not be drawn at
sight, but drawn on notice of fifteen, twenty,
or thirty days at least, so that if you tax the
banks three per cent, on United States deposits,
besides requiring them to put up a large amount
of Government bonds with the Treasurer of the
United States, you shall at least give them some
notice before the deposits are drawn out and not
allow them to receive $50,000 or 8100,000 dur-
ing the week, and at the end of the week have
a Treasury draft presented without a minute'3
notice^ for every dollar of it. If you strike
out this provision the law will stand precisely
as it has been for the past year; but if you
aro determined to keep the provision in, then
1 insist an. amendment ought to be adopted
requiring the Treasurer of the United1 States,
or 'the officer entitled to make drafts against
these deposits, to give at least thirty days1 notice,
so that the banks can utilize the deposits and
be enabled to pay the three per cent, tax you
propose to impose upon them.
Mr. BENTON. 1 would ask the gentleman 11
from Illinois if the banks in his State do not
pay interest to individual depositors?
Mr. INGERSOLL. -Not a farthing, unless
on special deposits; that is a subject of con-
tract; but on general deposits they pay no
interest whatever.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. HALE. I wanted to ask the gentleman
from Illinois one question, hut I will put it to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who is no,w on the floor, for I presume
he can give me full information on the subject.
I do not pretend to know about the exact work-
ing of banks. I have a general impression that
the banks have been making money very fast,
and that they can afford to pay an additional
tax. I will ask the chairman, as bearing on
this point, whether or not these deposits are
advantageous to the banks, and if it is not a
fact that it is always considered desirable by
the banks to be places of deposit of Govern-
ment moneys, and if it is not sought for and
contended for by the banks ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will begin by answering
the inquiry put by the gentleman from Maine,
so far as an answer may be appropriate from
me. There are other gentlemen who are per-
haps more familiar with banking operations
than I am.
Mr. PETERS. I oan tell my colleague better
than you can.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it very probable.
Mr. HALE. I would like to have the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
answer me on this point.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Peters] will answer him.
Mr. HALE. I would rather hear from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I have but this to
say, that it is within my knowledge, so far as it
extends, that the banks are very anxious to
get these Government deposits. There have
been not only applications from banks in my
own district, but a good deal of struggle be-
tween two banks as t'o which should get the
deposits. When the general bill, of which this
bill is a part, was before the House, as it has
been for the greater part of the last twoyears,
it was suggested that there ought to be some
tax in lieu of interest paid on public deposits
enjoyed by the banks; and on the motion, 1
think, of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] the present amount was fixed as the
tax, one quarter of one per cent, per month,
which is equivalent to three per cent, per year.
The Committee of Ways and Means, finding
that such a provision had been introduced into
the project of a law by the House of Repre-
sentatives, in reporting back this bill have
merely retained in it what the has House once
decided upon, leaving the House to determine
now the two questions: first, whether there
shall be any tax upon the national banks for
the use of these public deposits; and next, if
there shall be such a tax, what the amount of
that tax shall be. I am myself inclined to
think that we have placed it rather too high.
I think it might be one half the rate here pro-
posed without disadvantage to the banks to
any too great extent, and yet with advantage
to the public interest. But I have not felt free
to make any motion of that kind, and have
submitted the bill as agreed upon by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with the tax as
fixed by the House in a former Congress.
Now I wish to reply to one or two proposi-
tions made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ixgeiisoll.] He says the effect of put-
ting a tax upon these public deposits, enjoyed
and used by the banks, will be to tax them
without notice, when they are always subject
to heavy draft, and under circumstances that
were not contemplated when there were special
contracts made for deposits. To that I reply,
the tax proposed here is not upon every de-
posit but upon the average deposits. The
banks are to be taxed for whatever at the close
