1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,pf each month shall be found to have been the
average deposits fov the month.
: . In the next place, the gentleman says these
national banks give security for these deposits
by depositing bonds of the United' States.
True; b«t they are drawing interest on these
bquds all the while, whether they are-deposited
as- collaterals to secure- the Government for
.these deposits, or are held in their own pigeon-
holes jvi^gat'es. Therefore 1 do not entirely
ge,e th^ force of that argument. "Without pro-
longing the discussion ou that point, as it must
be familiar to every- one, as it must be very
obvious, I 1'epe.at this provision is opon to
amendments. One is moved by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Inoersoia,] to strike ant
the whole paragraph, which raises the question
■whether- or not there shall be any tax upon
.these deposits, In the next place, if the House
shall determine to retain the tax, the question
will be what shall that tax he ? And before I
sit down I will repeat that I am inclined to
think that about one eighth of one per cent,
per- ®onth will be about right.
[Here the hammer fell.}
, |jr. PETERS. I desire to. say a few words.
Mr. LYHCIi. Kefore the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schekus] takes his seat 1 would
like to ask him about this proviso:
Provided,, Thatthis section shall not apply to asso-
ciations, which are taxed under and hy virtue of tho
;:/-t to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof.
All national banks are taxed under that act.
■ Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps that would need
amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to know how a pro-
viso that this section shall not apply at all to
national banks would amount to anything, as
national banks only are authorized to receive
Government deposits ?
Mr. SCHENCK. My attention has already
been called to that subject, and we have an
amendment to be offered which is intended
to reconcile the matter. The first question to
be settled, however, is whether wo are going to
tax at all the national banks upon their depos-
its of public moneys. The general provision
in regard to national banks to which the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] has referred
is inserted here, of course, as it exists in the
present lav/, in order to save them from being
subjected to taxation under the internal tax
bill when other taxation is provided for in the
general banking law.
Mr. PETERS. I think I might be allowed
to go on now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] allow me to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schejtce] a question ?
Mr. PETERS. I have been trying for four
minutes, after being recognized, to be heard.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well, I will not
jlelay the gentleman. .
W J£r_ PETERS. Mr. Speaker, would it be m
order to move an amendment providing that
the tax shall be one per cent, per annum on
the average amount of deposits?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois moves to strikeout, and if the gentleman
from Maine submits an amendment to perfect
the text it will take precedence of the motion
to strike out. ,
Mr. PETERS. Then I move that amend-
ment." Mr. Speaker, having had some interest
in the subject, I have investigated tms question.
I recollect well the discussion heretofore had
on the question. Under the existing law there
is I believe, no tax on Government deposits,
not even a tax of one twenty-fourth of one per
cent. Now, in order that a bank may be desig-
nated asapublic depository, itis obliged to give
security to a very large amount. To do this it
is obliged to purchase Government bonds oi
certificates of indebtedness, wl"ch sell o.t&a-
times at a very high rate: so that the banks
may experience a loss in holding such secu.-
ities. 1 undertake to say, Mr. Speaker, that
no bank and no individual can profitably pay
three per cent, interest on funds which may be
required to berepaid at any time in large or
small sums without notice. As a director of a
national bank situated in the city of Bangor, a
place containing twenty thousand inhabitants,
(a bank tf-fros© situation' is a veryfkirillustration
of that-of'.the country banks generally, which
are depositories,) I know it is very doubtful
whether the holding of these public funds on
deposit is a farthing's advantage to the banks.
I know that the banks like to have them. I
know they like the name of being designated
as public depositories-. But while these sums
are received from the collectors in driblets from
day io day the bank is liable at anytime to be
notified to meet a draft from the Treasurer of
the United States covering the whole sum in
its possession.
I know that the bank with whioh I have
been associated, and other banks, have made
very little use of these Government funds,
because they must be ready to pay over with-
out notice the last farthing belonging to the
Government. The directors of the bank at
Bangor have several times considered the
expediency of getting rid of the deposits of
public money, even when they pay no interest
upon them. They have come to the conclu-
sion that such deposits are no particular ben-
efit to a sound, well-conditioned bank. There
having been heretofore no tax on these de-
posits, it seems to me that a tax of threo per
cent, is enormous. I know that some time ago
there was in this House a feverish feeling that
the banks were making a great deal of money.
But if the funding bill which has come to us
from the Senate, and which imposes additional
burdens upon the national banks, should be-
come a law, the banks will not be the envied
money-making institutions which they have
been heretofore.
While my own opinion is that these deposits
ought not to bo taxed at all, yet inasmuch as
the sentiment of this House appears to bo in
favor of imposing some tax upon them, 1 am
willing, under all the circainskuiccs of the
ease, to vote for a tax of one per cent, per
annum on the average of deposits. From my
own experience and observation, and from
what I have heard from every quarter, I know
that this rate would really impose a large lux-
ation.
1 now yield the residue of my time tot.hu
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jnukusom.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I know it
is the desire of Congress, and that desire has
been carried out by the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy so fat as ho has been able, to keep the
Government deposits in the national banks at
the lowest possible point. In order to do this
it is the policy of the Secretary that drafts sha'l
be made against these deposits in tlio national
banks as rapidly as there are any considerable
accumulations of Government funds in those
banks. Now I think I am safe in saying that
it is the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury thai under these circumstances the national
banks are not in a condition to pay interest on
the deposits of public money. _
Now. I do not believe that in a single city ol
the United Slates with a population not exceed-
in" thirty thousand inhabitants (and this in-
cludes the city where I reside) there has ever
been such a thing known as a loan on call. In
New York city these deposits may be made
available, because they can be loaned at per-
haps six or seven per cent, on call; but m
Peoria, so far as call loans are concerned, these
deposits are as useless as so many bits of rib-
bon or scraps of paper. The deposits are^ or
no use to the banks of the West unless tney
can invest them iu Government bonds or ship
them to New York and there have them loaned
on call. , ,
Mr. PETERS. I wish to modify tne amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois bystns-
in" out also the words iu the forty-second and
forty-third lines, as follows: "other thanpu -
lie moneys of the United States/' which will
then leave it to a tax of one twenty,-fourth of
one per cent.
Mr. CULLOS. I hope that amendment
will be adopted.
■ Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Maina leaves to me whatever time he lias left.
Allow me, Mr, Speaker, to say that I am not
favoring the interest of the national banks in
opposition to what I believe to be the interest
of the Government or the interest of the peo-
ple. I desire the national banks shall pay all
the taxes equitably to be charged against them
and all they can justly bear, in order to tighten
taxation elsewhere; butldonot desire such
a tax shali.be levied on the national banks so
that none of them will receive public deposits,
and as a consequence every collector of the
United States will become a depositor of the
public funds, and will be allowed to retain
them in his hands indefinitely, or t-hey will be
compelled to ship daily, by express, from the
various districts, which would be imposing a
hardship aad heavy expense on the Govern-
ment, far beyond', in my judgment, anything
which might accrue from the collcetton of even
a three per cent, tax upon these deposits in
the hands of the national banks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to call the attention of the House for a
moment to the proposition now pending, and
first 1 wish the House to consider this point:
hitherto, with the exception of a special tax in
the shape of a license, the taxing of national
banks iaunder the national bank act. Ltseetus
to me the tax should be kept there. If we
have it there we can always be able to know
in a connected form what is the tax on these
national banks. If we pul in the internal tax
bill one item, in another bill another item, and
in another still another ilem, ffe shall have
our whole tax system, so far as relates to banks,
in a scattered and irregular condition. I think it
far better we shonkl retain the practice we have
followed hitherto for the last six or seven years,
or since these national banks were organised,
in keeping the subject of lite tax upon them in
the currency acts themselves. Gentlemen have
made some mistakes iu this matter, it has
been stated there is now no tax on United
States deposits in the national banks as such.
Mr. INGERSOLL. J so stated.
Air. OAR WELD, of Ohio. But there is a
tax on all deposits in national banks, includ-
ing United States deposits. So it ts not true
that United States deposits in the national
banks do not bear any tax. In section forty-
one of the national banking" act it is provided
that "in lieu of all existing taxes every asso-
ciation shall pay to the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted Stales, in the months of January and July,
a duty of one half of one per cent, each half
year from and after the 1st day of .January,
13G1, upon the average amount of i!s notes
in circulation, and a duty of one quarter of
one per cent, each half year upon the aver-
age amount of.such deposits." Nov/, that, of
course, covers ail deposits. It does not spe-
cialize United Slates deposits, but it covcrs the
whole of them. The United States deposits
are taxed like any other under the general huv ;
but, as 1 have said, they are not specified as is
proposed in this bill. It seems to me. there-
fore, it had better be left out of the bill.
I will call the attention of the House to an-
other point. 1 have before me the report of
the Comptroller of the Currency, of May 14,
1870, on the condition of the national bam;s.
It shows $0,-121,421 25 of regular United
States deposits in I he national banks, and
$1,778,225 US of deposits of United Statcsdis-
bursino- officers, making in all 811,202,01/ li
of United States funds deposited in the nationa.
banks. The banks held at that date, or bad
rather deposited in the Treasury, United bUt~s
bonds to secure deposits to the amou.it ot
$16,203,500. , , n r
l say to the chairman of tne Committee . l
Ways and Means that the national banks can
do better with the money than in buying bond.,
