1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
more clearly that the tariff thereon should not
be moderated.
But I am told by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] and some of his col-
leagues, that the present tariff, while favor-
ing some branches of industry is injurious to
others, and is very oqprous to consumers gen-
erally. Even the decline in our ship-build-
ing is attributed to its restrictions; our iron
manufacturers are said to be monopolists, and
the high prices of all commodities in the home
markets are alleged to be caused by the high
import duties.
How far from the plain truth tlieso charges
are is most forcibly illustrated in the words of
Adam Smith: "High prices and plenty are
prosperity ; low prices and want are misery
and in the fact that heavy as our taxation is,
it is derived more than half from internal
imposts levied upon absolutely indispensable
things, while our import duties fall largely upon
commodities not absolutely necessary for life.
As to calling our manufacturers monopolists,
it is simply preposterous, when it is known that
their desire and aim for profit is to exhume
and utilize the bountiful mineral deposits and
other resources in all parts of this continent;
toinaugurate newenterprisesNorthand South;
to start new factories and f'orges.ii every direc-
tion ; to construct railroads and water com-
munications from every mine of nature to every
mart of commerce; in truth, to strengthen and
develop our industrial resources wherever pos-
sible.
The greater the number and variety of our
manufactures the less danger or possibility of
monopoly and the more benefit to the con-
sumers. It is by the depressing and inevitable
result of free trade, or any approach to it, that
a few rich and powerful com panies only absorb
the wealth and control of the trade, while
men of enterprise alone, or of moderate means,
go down. And it is for this reason that I am a
protectionist.
I believe in the words and sagacity of the
great statesman, M. Thiers, when he says: '"I
wish to develop the labor of my country; that
is, I wish to create it where it is not, and to
maintain it where it is."
American ship-building and American ton-
nage are so intimately related to the industrial
interests of the nation, and so greatly depend-
ent upon the measures of protection to be
afforded by this Congress, that I am justified
in a brief consideration of the subject at this
time. The coal and iron operators—i«deed all
branches of labor—are directly interested in
the construction of vessels on our own shores,
and'from home-made material. We can build
stronger, lighter, and better ships than those
constructed on the Clyde, Tyne, Mersey, or
Thames. We have also locationsfor ship-yards
and docks on the river Delaware, in my own
State, which not only would be more easily de-
fended and require less cost in construction,
but would prove more profitably adapted to the
building of iron vessels than any of the yards in
Europe. I say iron because light iron propel-
lers arc necessary to compete with the class of
ships now controlling the entire commerce of
the world. And while protection to this especial
interest would develop agreat industrial enter-
prise, contributing to the prosperity of the
farmer as well as of the artisan, it would also
lessen our national indebtedness abroad and
punish most justly the constructors of the
Anglo-confederate cruisers which destroyed
hundreds of thousands of tons of oar shipping
during the rebellion, frightening the larger por-
tion of the remainder under foreign flags for
protection.
The depredations of the confederate cruisers
have shown the advantages we have lost, and
caused the weakness of our Navy and the de-
cline in our commerce. And the fact that the
British steam tonnage is rapidly on the increase
clearly indicates to Congress the duty of creat-
ing from our own resources a maritime power
effective in peace and protective in war.
I deem it unwise, however, to legislate to the
injury of our producing industries, although
this might give a temporary advantage to our
facilities of transportation, because it is coun-
terbalanced by large subsidies in gold, which
pass directly into the pockets of the sympa-
thizers with our late adversaries.
I am decidedly in favor of reducing taxation
to the lowest practicable figure; but such a
reduction must begin at home, and our citizens
must be benefited by it before foreigners can
expect favors.
I shall vote for reducing .or abrogating the
income tax, so obnoxious to our people, the
unequal license, or any other of our objection-
able internal taxes; but I shall not consent to
curtail our only gold revenue, which is the
best support of our credit, and which checks
the burdensome competition of our rivals. It
is the internal taxation that weighs heavily
upon the poor and not the tariff; the former
being paid by all classes of citizens, while the
latter reaches only the wealthy and the for-
eigner.
It is fallacy to suppose that the foreign mer-
chant and manufacturer will per force reduce
his prices when we reduce the tariff, which
my worthy colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr.
ICeixey] so impressively exposed the other
day when he showed that the coal dealers of
the provinces demanded the same prices for
coal in our market when it was free under the
reciprocity treaty as they exacted afterward
under the tariff.
In view of these facts and reasons, and with
due respect to the ability and benevolent inten-
tions of the committee that prepared the tarifr
bill now before the House, I cannot agree with
all of the provisions ; and with the exception
that I wish to see all ad valorem duties changed
into adequate specific duties, I am in favor of
the old tariff as it now stands.
I say this in the firm conviction that our
Govemmentis daily defrauded of large amounts
by the ad valorem system, while it deludes
legislation by its apparently enormous figures.
I call your attention to a statement of wine
withdrawn for consumption in 1809, which will
support my opinion and serve as a striking
crumple of the workings of this defective
system.
Of the 6,990,640 gallons withdrawn for con-
sumption in 1869, the following is the estimate
of six different dealers in New York, Boston,
and New Orleans, made by themselves or com-
petent persons in their employ, as to the prob-
able quantities of each of the three classes of
wine paying different specific duty :
Dealers.
. No.ofgalions
paying 25
! cents per
1 gallon and
25 per cent.
No.ofgalions
paying 50
cents per
gallon and
25 percent.
wh rj u
o £ ft
02,3 .?
^ Pi fcitJ rt
o ft a o
&
G,Q00,6iU
2,330.214
.5,600,000
l,lb5,107
3,405,320
4,600.420
1300,150
650,001
5,244980
3,480,000
2,320.000
291,276
740,61(1
532,55'i
35,320
10,214
C of New York 
D of Boston 
E of Now Orleans 
F of New Orleans 
Average No.ofgalions
4,010,251
3,212,426 328,001
Or, leaving out the estimate of A, in New
York, as improbable, you have the average
number of gallons, 3.450.213; 3.212,420 ;
328,001.
The following exhibit presents the actual offi-
cial returns;
Duty per gallon.
j Xumberj
r <>f i
gallons. |
V alue.
Wine paYins.Sl 001 193,CIO
Wine paying, 0 20 6,323,129
Wino payiug, 0 50; -17*1,872
3142,844
2,024,910
345,894
Duty
actually
paid.
$298,850
1,770,853
323,909
Total IG,990,041 | $2,813,648 82,393,612
Ihese returns^ show an average value of
yurty-two cents for each gallon paying twenty
cents, of seventy-three cents for each gallon
paying fifty cents, and of $2 21 for each gallon
paying one dollar, a valuation which is mani-
festly far beneath the true 'one, and the Gov-
ernment loses, either by fraudulent invoices or
by criminal connivance of the custom-house
officers, large amounts, as is illustrated in the
estimates above, which, at the average values
assumed from the official returns, would yield
a revenue in the case of B, in New Yorlt, of
$4,331,986; in the case of C, in New York,
$3,451,273 ; in the caso of D, in Boston,
$3,946,402; in the case of E, in New Orleans,
$?,379,o67 ; in the case of P, in New Orleans,
$2,964,171; average, §3,668,497.
This system offers temptation for illegal and
fraudulent, but lucrative proceedings to citizens
as well as to Government officers, and in many
cases makes it impossible to the latter, how-
ever faithful they may be, to fulfill their duties
properly.
I am also opposed to that portion of our
present tariff which provides for discriminating
duties. For instance, the act of March 3, 1865,
provides that on all goods the growth or prod-
uct of countries east of the Cape of Good Hope,
(excepting a few articles,) when imported from
places west of this cape, ten per cent, shall
be collected in addition to the duty imposed
upon direct importations. The object of this
act was to encourage American shipping with
the East, but its principal effect has been to
encourage sharp dealingand fraud. There are
but few imports the growth of which is peculiar
to countries east of the Cape of Good Hope;
and when importers are dishonest enough to
deny or conceal the place of growth it is hardly
possible for the custorn-bouse officer to find
proofs of identity. Gum arabie, gum aloes,
sweet and bitter almonds, nitrate of potash,
ivory, and many other articles of commerce
on either side of the Cape of Good Hope offer
opportunities to defraud the Government; and
for that reason I am in favor of repealing these
discriminations. It is a very eloquent fact that
nearly all the leading countries of the Old World
have abolished ad valorem duties and discrim-
inations.
But 1 am told that the bill now under con-
sideration proposes to alter the present tariff
only slightly, and to lessen its rates in but
few particulars, while it "actually raises some
rates!
I am aware of this, but am opposed to
any reduction of its protective provisions at
the present moment, or until our industry is
able to supply home demands, and until we
have perfected our railroad system through-
out the Union, restored the prosperity of
the States devastated by the war, funded
our national debt at a lower rate of interest,
and placed our finances upon a permanent
basis.
It may bo interesting and pleasing to know,
that notwithstanding the drawbacks of our
war, we have built from 1801 to 1866 six thou-
sand miles of railroad, and many thousands
more since then. But this does not contradict
the fact that our railroad progress is still far
behind the growth of our country, especially
in the South and in the new States, and that
it does not suffice to accommodate the increase
of our internal commerce. Our requirements
ought to be satisfied with our own iron, steel,
and labor, and for this we need more hands to
help us in producing the millions of tons of
railroad iron which we now import from Eng-
land.
One hundred thousand tons require the labor
of thirteen thousand three hundred men for one
year, whom we may suppose to be heads of fami-
lies of five each, or sixty-six thousand five hun-
dred in all. Assuming from safe calculations
that the manufacturing nations of Europe take
per capita of population seventeen and one
half cents worth per annum of our agricultural
produce, the producers of one hundred thou-
