1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4877
labor of thousands, constituting a large majority of
the roineis of the Pacific, has been utterly wasted in
vain attempts to find mines where geology teaches
mines cannot exist. If these men could have had the
experience of man kind to have guided them in their
investigations millions of dollars and years of toil
might have been saved and directed to some useful
purpose."
Gentlemen upon this floor are too apt to
forget the vast size of the Territories, and the
need of large appropriations for exploring
them. They also seem to overlook the extern
of promising country that is yet unexplored.
There is in the Territory of Arizona alone, as
stated in the extract Irotn my message just
quoted, a district nearly as large as the State
of New York yet unexplored, and in many
parts unentered by the white man, the veriest
terra incognita upon the continent. There is
every reason to believe that this great district
is even richer in the precious and valuable
mentis than those parts of the Territory already
well known. The mountain ranges connect
those which in Nevada, Sonora, and Chihua-
hua have proven so remarkably opulent.
I say to gentlemen who complain that the
Territories do not yield more, that they should
do more toward their exploration and the aid
and protection of their enterprising inhabitants.
It is folly, as in the case of Arizona, to demand
a revenue when the lands are unsurveyed and
large parts of the Territory remain unex-
plored, when little is really know of its re-
sources, and life and property are nowhere
secure.
For one, after years of residence there, I
have great confidence in its mineral and other
resources, but I know the lack of intelligent
investigation and scientiQc exploration. I
hope, therefore, that this appropriation for
Professor Hayden's surveys will be so increased
that the work may be promptly and vigorously
prosecuted by an able corps of men, not only
in this Territory, but in others. I cannot give
a better illustration of the urgent need of it
than by stating to you that the remarkable sil-
ver ledges lately discovered upon the borders
of Arizona and New Mexico, and which are
exciting the wonder of the geological world,
lie wilhin a very few miles of the thirty-second
parallel overland route; a favorite route for the
Southern Pacific railroad, and one which has
been much traveled for a quarter of a century.
I take the following brief allusion to these
most extensive deposits of silver from the
letter of a correspondent:'
" The ledges already loeated amount in the aggre-
gate to o\ er ten miles m length, and yet now ledges
nro being discovered and locations. made daily. I
have not yet heard of a single location but has the
ledge in site 011 some portion, whilcliundicda of them
have their outeroppings tile entile length of tho
mine.
" There are three ledges which may he considered
the mam trunks or arteries, vaiymg in width from
ten to twelve hundred feet, and in one or two places
as wide as one thousand feet, cropping high above,
the ground for miles, moreresemblmgthegieatwall
of China, than anything known in history besides;
and these time-defying barriers, standing lirm and
erect, pointing with their jagged crests to tho zenith,
maintain a height varving from fifty to tive hundred
ieet perpendicular. One chimney or blow-out on
the Brown ledge has an elevation of one thousand
feet or more above the country generally, and may
he seen a distance of thirty or forty miles. A tunnel
may bo made to tap and drain this mine one thou-
sand or fifteen hundred feet below tho top croppmgs
with less than one thousand leet of tunnel."
"I have visited many different ledges in various
portions of the district, and to my utter astonishment
they all exhibited the same general and uniform
appearance, and show the best indications known in
silver quartz. Fine specimens of various characters,
both as to combinations and riches, have been tumid
in many of the ledges, white it is a veiy common and
cas.\ matter to procure specimens of nearly all the
different forms in which silver exists.from the same
led^c and even the same claim.
" 1 will venture this much, that right there exists
the greatest and richest oasis in the world. Any at-
tempt to give aiien description by which even a prac-
tical miner, meteorologist, or mineralogist can real-
ize in a famt degree the magnitude of these ledges
inu -t. ever be futile. Nothing m history has any re-
semblance. The famous .and world-renowned mines
of Mexico and Peru fall into utter nothingness when
brought into comparison with this grand argentif-
erous deposit."
Let it be remembered that the mountains
containing these rich ledges have been looked
upon by thousands of travelers, have been
passed and repassed for years, and yet for the
want of geological knowledge have been con-
sidered to consist only of granite, and the secret
of their great value has been delayed to this
late hour and now made known by the merest
accident.
Surely in this day of enterprise and progress
steps should be taken by the Government to
obtain without delay a correct understanding
of the resources of all its possessions, and to
give its people everywhere all the benefits that
science can afford. The increase of this ap-
propriation would seem to be the more reason-
able from the fact that only $10,000 is allowed
by this bill for continuing the collection of
statistics of mines and mining, a matter of the
greatest importance to the nation, and one for
which any other Government in the world
would, I undertake to say, consider this a most
meager and insufficient appropriation. The re-
ports made to this time by Messrs. Browne and
.Raymond, the United States commissioners,
have been of great interest and value, not only
at home, but abroad. They are in constant
request, and have done much to invite atten-
tion to the Territories, to attract capital, and
to create interest in mining as an industry.
The Commissioner of the General Laud Office
informs me that for these as well as for Hay-
den's report he has frequent applications from
foreign countries and Governments, and that
for all such publications, including, I may add,
the valuable reports of the Land Office and
maps of the States and Territories, which Con-
gress is so reluctant to print, and yet which are
so necessary to a proper exhibition of the extent
and greatness of the country, there is a grow-
ing demand. No works are better calculated
to tempt immigration or to attract foreign capi-
tal fo the Territories.
Mr. Chairman, all the recent appropriations
of Congress for explorations and investigations
in connection with the resources of Territories
have been exceedingly limited. Take as in-
stance the sum of 512,000, voted a few days
since in another appropriation bill, to enable
Captain Powell to perfect a scientific report
upon his valuable explorations of the great
Colorado of the West. The only explorations
of importance, or to be relied upon, of a por-
tion of that river nearly one thousand miles in
extent—all of it, indeed, excepting that lower
part explored and written upon by Lieutenant
Ives. To more than $50,000 given by societies
and individuals toward the necessary expense
of these explorations by Powell the Govern-
ment has added the trifling sum of $12,000.
And yet this river has been well termed the
Mississippi of the Pacific, and is one of the
largest and most interesting in the world.
I know the country is largely in debt, and
that this Administration is sincerely studying
economy; but surely to limit appropriations
for scientific explorations and investigations
calculated to be of such great value to the
nation and to the world is in no sense econ-
omy, but rather the opposite, and will, I think,
be so considered by the people, who, although
anxious to avoid ail unnecessary and extrav-
agant expenditures, are yet as ready as ever to
encourage enterprise and promote intelligence,
and earnestly desire the earliest and most com- j;
plete information upon tho resources of the ji
great Territories of the West, the destined j.
homes of millions of freemen. j|
The question was put on the amendment of \
Mr. McCorjiick, of Arizona; and it was not j,
agreed to. !;
Mr. PARNSWOUTII. For the purpose of j;
having a letter read from Mr. Ciatk, the archi- j;
tect of the Capitol extension, I renew the j|
amendment which 1 ofl'ered some time ago with jj
regard to the passage between the Senate and jj
the House, as follows: 1;
For enlarging tho doorways or openings-in tho
passages between the Senate and House wings of the
Capitol, and removing tho bronze doors, which now
obstruct one ot said passages, and placing them at
some appropriate entrance to tho building, $10,000.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that that is not germane to the paragraph
before the committee.
Mr. FARNSWOP>,TH. I move it as a new
paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman intends to
press his amendment I must insist on the point
of order. But if he only moves it in order to
have the letter read I shall not object.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That is all.
The Clerk read as follows:
Aeohitect's Office,
United States Capttot, Extensiox,
Washixgton, 1). C., Jane 27,1870.
Sik: In reply to your inquiries relative to tho en-
largement ot the doorways leading from tho Halls
into the Rotunda, I will say that there has been some
error in the statement that I have reported this
change unsafe on account of the Dome. iSo far from
this being tho case, I have made and advocated a
plan for the remodeling of the Rotunda, the prin-
cipal features of which are tho enlargement of the
doorways in question.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD CLARK, Architect.
Hon. J. F. r'ATLVswoirnr, House of Representatives,
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I have had this read
in order to correct the mistake fallen into by
the gentleman from Massachusetts and others.
I now withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of tho Interior to pay A.
P. Hotaling, Main k Winchester, M. Ullman. I). R,
Douglass, T. P. Johnson, G. L. Hoffman. A. W. Mc-
pherson, and others, an indebtedness incurred for
tho Indian service in California by Austin Wiley,
fortnersuperintendentof Indian affairs, and unpaid,
$20,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must make the point of
order on this paragraph, that it is not an appro-
priation made in pursuance of any law. The
gentleman from Massachusetts will remember
that the points of order were reserved when
this bill was committed.
Mr. DAWES. Tho gentleman is mistaken.
The question as to the puints of order was raised
and the rules were suspended. Was it not so?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman made a
motion to suspend the rules, stating at the
same time that there were noprovisioas in the
bill not authorized by law except limitations
upon appropriations in the interest of economy.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, I recollect that.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the strength of that
statement I withdrew the reservation which I
had made of points of order, and I trust the
gentleman will not deem points of order waived
under such circumstances, as it would operate
wrongfully on the House. It is very clear that
this is not an appropriation authorized by law ;
it is a private claim, and has been before a
committee of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts insists that the point of order
comes too late I shall move to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. Let the merits of it be dis-
cussed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not insist under the circum-
stances that points of order were not reserved.
Mr. DAWES. I should not want, after the
statement of the gentleman from Indiana, to
insist on it: but I suggest that it would be
better to discuss the merits of the appropriation
and let the House pass upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a distinct recol-
lection that when this bill was reported the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] rose
and made the usual reservation of points of
order, in reply to which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] said that he would
be compelled to ask a suspension of the rules,
which would, of course, necessitate the reading
of the entire bill; and he stated at the same
time that there was general legislation iu >the
bill, but that it was all in the interest of econ-
omy, citing the paragraph here to limit the
