1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
The Cuban Question—Mr. Cobb.
Ho. of Reps.
It should be where there was plenty of space.
The navy-yards at Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia were all too small. League Island
had all these advantages, and after a long de-
bate and controversy in Congress, running
through several years, it was finally selected.
The city of Philadelphia gave us six hundred
acres of land. It was staked off and appro-
priated by the Government. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says it is a "fixed fact."
J so regard it. Fixed by law, and more firmly
fixed by its peculiar advantages. The owners
of adjoining land know what they are to have
for neighbors. No expensive residences, or
oilier buildings unlit for such a locality, will be
erected there, except such buildings as maybe
appropriate. The city will grow in another
direction.
Now, what does this bill propose to do ?
Make an appropriation to begin the construc-
tion of the yard now? No, sir ; no money can
be drawn from the Treasury in consequence of
this bill. But it proposes that when League
Island shall be improved, however near or
distant that time may bo, a certain other
thing shall then be done also. What is that?
The Government has now a navj'-yard at Phil-
adelphia for the construction of wooden ves-
sels. It lies several miles further up the Del-
aware, in the middle of the city. It contains
twenty-three acres of land, worth about three
million dollars. It does not contain half space
enough for the use of the Government, but is a
great offense to that portion of the city and an
obstacle to its growth. Shall we maintain two
navy-yards at Philadelphia, one for iron-clads
and one for wooden vessels ? This bill says no.
It undertakes to provide that when the new
navy-yard shall be begun, the machinery and
materials of the old shall be moved down to it,
aud as portions of the ground shall thus become
vacant they shall be sold. It undertakes to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to improve
the new yard in this way whenever Congress
shall authorize him to improve it at all.
Why not wait, it is asked, until an appropri-
ation shall be made for this purpose, and put
this donation in that bill? Because the rules
of the House forbid any legislation in an appro-
priation bill. Besides, if it could thus be done,
it is better to do it now. It may be years be-
fore an appropriation will be made ; but it is
better for the city of Philadelphia that it should
be determined now that this obstacle to its
growth is at some future time to be removed ;
but it is said also that it is not safe to leave
the terms of sale to be settled by the President,
and that the proceeds of it should be paid into
the Treasury instead of being expended upon
League Island. Very well; the friends of the
bill have already accepted amendments to re-
move both of these objections.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] is forced to admit that it au-
thorizes no expenditure of money until an
appropriation shall be made by Congress, he
drops down into the assertion that it is at least
a " forerunner" of an appropriation. I cannot
see much force in his irreverent wit. If he
means simply to say that it is proposed to pass
this bill now, and that some other bill may be
proposed at some future time, it is true enough.
In that sense it is a forerunner of all subse-
quent legislation. But if he means to say that
the passage of this bill necessitates or even
facilitates an appropriation, he has entirely
misapprehended its terms. It does not require
the construction of the navy-yard at League
Island to be undertaken now, but simply that
when it shall be undertaken the old material
shall be used instead of buying new, and that
the old ground shall be sold; in short, that
we shall have but one navy-yard at Philadel-
phia instead of two, as is now provided by law.
It is a measure of economy and retrenchment,
instead of extravagance or waste.
Failing to find anything to condemn in the
bill itself, the gentleman starts out on a hunt
through the Departments for topics of ani-
madversion. The Secretary of the Navy has
recommended appropriations to the several
navy-yards of the country. It is the usual course.
All other Secretaries have done the same thing.
Some years it is more, some years less. If we
are going to have navy-yards at all, we must
keep them in repair. But the Secretary has
been endeavoring to economize in coal. He
has directed the commanders of vessels to use
sails instead of steam ; and when the sails were
wanting he has supplied them. He hoped he
would thus save money and make better sea-
men at the same time. Does the gentleman
condemn him for this? Oh, no, sir ; but while
he admits that something will thus be saved,
he thinks that the Secretary has overestimated
the amount. And for this he is made the sub-
ject of criticism and ridicule; and that, too,
in a speech professedly made in the interest of
economy. "Faithful," cries the gentleman
from Massachusetts, as he gives him this un-
merited thrust, "faithful are the wounds of
a friend."
The Postmaster General is the next victim
of these '1 faithful'' words. What has he done ?
He has recommended the abolition of the
franking privilege. In this he represents the
wishes of the people. One of the great jour-
nals of the country has been advocating it for
many years, making it almost a specialty. It
is an old abuse. The public interest as well
as the people demands a reform. Mr. Creswell
has the courage to undertake it. Does the
gentleman take open issue with liim upon this
subject? I do not so understand him. But
he complains that the amount to be saved to
the Treasury has been overstated. The saving
will not be $5,000,000, as claimed by the
Postmaster General. Well, suppose it is not,
suppose it is only $1,000,000, is not that some-
thing? Is not that worth saving? Should this
officer be held up as a subject of animadversion
and ridicule, in a speech claiming to advocate
economy, for trying to save to the country that
small sum, even if he was mistaken in his belief
that it would be five times as much? Such
criticism is not becoming to an earnest advo-
cate of the proposed reform. These are
"wounds" indeed, but not the "faithful
wounds of a friend.'' They suggest rather the
balance of the text. That would have been
more appropriate than the part recited. It is
not the cheer of a colaborer in a good cause.
But my friend, does not content himself
with only two victims of "faithful wounds."
" While the glow is on him" he calls the whole
Administration to account. Last year Presi-
dent Johnson made estimates of the amounts
which he thought would be sufficient for his
successor, General Grant. They were his last
will and testament. Wasteful as his own Ad-
ministration had been, he determined to entail
a rigid economy upon his successor. The gen-
tleman has been adding up these estimates.
He makes them amount to $303,000,000. But
he has made a mistake. He has left out
$17,800,000 of the estimates for the Post
Officc Department. When this omitted item is
included, the sum is $320,800,000. Mr. John-
son spent a good deal more than this himself,
but he thought this sum would do for General
Grant.
Very well, sir; General Grant has not only
got along with this sum but a good deal less,
and with a reduced rate of taxation has already
paid nearly eighty-one million dollars of the
public debt. But the gentleman further says
that General Grant now asks for more than
Mr. Johnson thought ho should have. He
says the estimates for this year amount to
$331,000,000. Here is another error. The esti-
mates for this year are a trifle over three hundred
and nineteen million dollars. The increased
sum is made by footing the estimate for the
Post Office Department $11,700,000 more than
it really is. When this correction is made it
appears that the whole estimates for this year
are considerably smaller than they were last.
But this is not all. About six million dollars
of the estimates for this year go to pay interest
due the sinking fund, which interest is used to
purchase more bonds for the same fund. This
is no part of the current expenses. It should
be deducted from the estimates. It will thus
be seen thattbe Johnson estimates exceed those
of General Grant by seven or eight million
dollars. The gentleman from Massachusetts
had it $28,000,000 the other way.
Mr. Speaker, two things have been alleged
in this debate; first, that this bill involved a
large expenditure of money ; and, second, that
the general estimates of this year are larger
than they were last. I have shown that both
allegations are unfounded in fact. The sale
of the old ground will put more money in the
Treasury than the removal of the old machinery
can possibly take out. The show of hostility
to the Administration is only assumed to mis-
lead the real "opposition" to cast a solid vote
against the bill. An Administration with a
diminishing debt and diminishingtaxation can-
not be successfully charged with prodigality.
The old rivalry of location disguised as a
question of economy, and charging extrava-
gance upon the Administration, is at the bottom
of this fight. With some of the opponents
of this measure the love of economy is alto-
gether a new passion. Their present speeches
condemn their former votes; and if this bill,
through these disguises, shall be defeated, as
quite likely it may be, their subsequent votes,
no doubt, will fall under the same condemna-
tion. As the old anecdote has it, the pigeons
will be found in the litter, but none in the
basket.
The Cuban Question.
SPEECH OF HON. CLINTON L. COBB,
OF NOItTII CAROLINA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 5, 1870,
The Houso being in Committee of the Whole, and
having under consideration the President's annual
message.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker,
I have no apology to offer for the remarks I
shall now submit in behalf of the struggling
patriots of the island of Cuba. I didnot desire
to thrust myself prominently forward in the
discussion of this question, but the manifest
apathy of the House of Representatives upon
a matter of such vital interest to the whole
country, and upon which the whole country is,
so nearly unanimous in sentiment, demands
that we, who have at heart the great cause of
independence and liberty, should let our senti-
ments bo known to the public and fix the
responsibility of delay upon those properly
chargeable with it.
Fitting would it be if the first sentiment of
recognition, the first expression of sympathy,
should come from this House, from us who are
directly charged with the execution of the
wishes of the people. But it seems that such
shall not be the ease. With the exception of
the eloquent appeal of the gentleman from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] made on the 16th of last
December, not a voice has been raised within
these walls in support of the gallant republic
of Cuba, while, to our shame be it said, the
country is electrified by the eloquence of Sen-
ators demanding right and justice for the heroic
patriots. Sir, 1 warn gentlemen against this
overcautious prudence. They will discover
when it is too late that the people, their con-
