1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
on the Tennessee list was under indictment for
murder; that was the charge made. Now, I
should like to see the man here who has any
regard for his own self-respect make a charge
ofthat kind against any one of the individuals
whose names! have moved to insert. If they
are not worthy of this consideration at the hands
of the Congress of the United States, then we
have no persons in the State of Tennessee who
are worthy. They are the highest characters
we have in the State or ever have had. I refer
not of course to treason; for we all understand
that the individuals named in the bill, whom
it is proposed to relieve from disability, were
guilty of treason.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure I do not know
what the standard is in Tennessee, as I have
never been there, which points out who are the
highest and best characters in the State. If the
measure there of height and goodness of char-
acter is the fact that the citizens have fought
against the nation, then my friend from Ten-
nessee is right, because they certainly seem to
have done that; but I should hope that there
were in Tennessee some people of high char-
acter who had recognized the other side in the
controversy. But my friend will permit me to
correct him in one respect, or to correct my-
self—I do not know which—as to the person
of whom it was said that ten indictments for
murder or violence were pending against him.
The name that was suggested to me by a mem-
ber of the other House is in the one hundred
and ninety-first line, Mr. V. A. Witcher, and
it appears to be in the Virginia list instead of
the Tennessee list.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the Senator will
yield for a moment I will explain as to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I of course do not Bpeak
on my own personal knowledge; I was not
present either when the man committed the
crimes*or when he was indicted ; I only state
for the information of the Senate that a re-
spectable member of the other House gave me
that information, and if I am not very much
mistaken the name is the one I have men-
tioned in the one hundred and ninety-first line.
It is possible I am mistaken about that, bat I
think not.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to explain this
matter in regard to the name mentioned by
the honorable Senator from Vermont. At the
proper time I will move to strike out several
names which have crept into this bill without
the proper warranty. As to the names men-
tioned by the Senator from Tennessee, he
has consulted me and they are not objection-
able. I therefore desire those names to be
added to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Tennessee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I send to the Chair, as an
amendment to the bill, several names from
North Carolina. These names have been agreed
upon by my colleague and myself, and also by
the delegation from North Carolina in the other
House and assented to by the chairman of the
committee, so that I suppose there is no ques-
tion about them..
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I also send to the Chair a
Mt of names from Virginia and of names from
Mississippi, to be added to the bill in their
proper places. The chairman of the committee
also accepts these.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to amend the bill
by adding the name of John L. Detchemendy,
ot Missouri. I will state that my colleague and
rojTself agree on this name.
The amendment was agreed to.
, WARNER. I .propose to amend the
by adding to the Alabama list the names
of Rufus C. Torrey, of Monroe county, and
John W. Portis, of Clarke county. My col-
league and myself agree upon these names.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the bill by
putting in the name of John W. Kendall, of
Kentucky.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I send to the Chair a
list of typographical corrections which I want
made in the Texas names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Clerical
errors in names will be corrected by the Clerk
by unanimous consent without the question
being stated.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
bill by adding in line one hundred and forty-
two, in the Tennessee list, "Albert Caldwell,
of Knoxville, and W. T, Avery, of Memphis."
These are names that have been sent to me
certified by the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Brown low.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I also move to amend
the bill by inserting in the Virginia list, in line
one hundred and forty-six, the name of Alex-
ander H. H. Stuart.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I more to insert in the
South Carolina list the name of John A. Mon-
agh&n, of Charleston, South Carolina. This
gentleman haa been appointed to an office in
the custom-house, Kid has been there sometime.
He is a good man, and is now yielding a will-
ing obedience to his country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY. With the consent of the
chairman of the committee I move to add
the names of David W. Sanders, of Louisville,
Kentucky, and Albert M. Hathaway, of Owens-
borough, R. F. Harris, of Carrollton, Cyrus
Hanks, of Carrollton, and Nathaniel Gaither.
I was about to propose the name of John W.
Kendall, of West Liberty, but I believe that
has been already inserted in the Kentucky list
on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rice.J
Mr. ROBERTSON. I accept the names
suggested by the Senator from Kentucky. I
have on my desk a letter from the Republican
senators and representatives in the Legislature
of Kentucky asking that those names be added
to the list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to amend by adding
the name of Edward Hopkins, of Jacksonville,
to the Florida list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to amend the bill.
On page 8, lines one hundred and sixty-eight
and one hundred and seventy, there is a mis-
take in spelling Loudon county and Appo-
mattox.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All clerical
errors will be considered as corrected.
Mr. LEWIS.. I move to add to the list the
following names with the consent of the chair-
man of the committee:
John W.Miner, Loudoun county; Dr. A.Graham,
Rockbridge; Rann D. Cashing, Rockingham; Wil-
liam. H. Hamrick, Rockingham; Alexander For-
tune, Nelson county; John M. Shelton, Nelson
county; William Mackey Wartman,Rockingham;
R. F. Walker, Richmond; Benjamin C. Clark.
Washington county; John A. Campbell, Washing-
ton county; Reese B. Edmundson, Washington
county; D. A. P. Camp bell, Washington county; Peter
C. Johnston, Lee county; Henry J. Morgan. Lee
county; Joseph J. Graham, Wythe county; William
R. Drinkhard, Richmond; A. S. Gray. Rockingham
county; F. P. Turner, Virginia; G.W. Lewis, West-
moreland; H. T. Harrison, Loudoun; Thomas D.
Hill, Culpepper Court-House; Edward Sangster,
Alexandria; John M. Fant, Fauquier county;
Ihpmas J. Kilby, Suffolk; George Baylor, Staunton;
William Ambers, Chesterfield county; J. H. String-
fellow, Virginia; John Pritchard, Virginia: R. H.
Glass, Lynchburg; James F. Johnson, Bedford
county: Joseph S. Canon, Winchester; Charles
F. Suttle, Alexandria; John H. Suttle, Stafford
county; John F. Wall,Frederick ; James P.Kelly,
Tazewell: S. H. Morrison, Scott county; F. B.
Miller, Virginia; James Garland, Lynchburg;
Virgi:
H'U.
Henry S. Bowen, Tazewell; Ross F. Bowen, Taze-
well; J. W. Humes, Abingdon, Virginia; M. B.
Tate, Washington county; Richard II. Coleman,
Caroline county; John A. Wharton, Bedford
county; Arthur C. Cummings, Washington county ;
L. A: Sayle. Bedford county; Robert Colton, Vir-
ginia; J. W. Caldwell, Wythe county; Thomas
J.Boyd, Wythe county; P. W. McKinney, Farm-
ville, Virginia; J. M. Broaddus, Alexandria; An-
drew J. Bradfield, Loudoun county; Madison Har-
ris, Loudoun county; John M. Herndon, Spottayi-
vania; 11. H. Riddick, Suffolk, and Peyton Coles,
Albemarle.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia and the chairman of the committee also
to consent to add to this list the name of Row-
land D. Buford, of Bedford county, Virginia.
His petition was presented by me some time
ago, and I supposed that it had been acted on
before I left the Committee on Disabilities ;
but it seems it had not been. At any rate the
name is not in the bill.
Mr. LEWIS. I accept it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Virginia also to insert the name
of Alexander H. H. Stuart, of Staunton.
Mr. LEWIS. That is already done.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
jinia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following names under the head
of Virginia;
W. T. Clark, Danville, Virginia; S. Longworth
Lewis, Bowling Green, Virginia; Ferdinand Rohrer,
Roanoke, Virginia; Coleman D. Bennett, Pittsyl-
vania Court-House, Virginia; Longworth Scrubbs,
Pittsylvania Court-House, Virginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
bill by striking out in line one hundred and
eighty-eight from the Virginia list the name
of Drury Wood. I have received from his
county a letter, which says:
"The name of Drury Wood, of this county, appears
on your bill just reported. I sent you his name under
the representation that he had petitioned for thi3
relief; but this I am told by him is a mistake, and
that he does not wish relief under the idea that he
asks for it. Of course, I presume his name should bo
erased, and I write this at his instanoe. He prefers
to await universal amnesty. Allow me to send you
a list of mistakes in names in this county."
****** **** *
" I do hope Congress will adhere to the policy of
relief by special bill. It is a bridle they should keep
upon the disaffected in the South. You may be sure
a man who will not petition for it is either secretly
disaffected or plotting general amnesty, which will
let loose again the ill temper of the rebellion. While
I advocate a generous and discriminating amnesty,
I should expect the worst consequences of proscrip-
tion to proceed from afinal release and qualification
of our leading rebels."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, striking out a name in line
one hundred and eighty-eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now inove, in lines
one hundred and ninety-one and one hundred
and ninety-two, to strike out the names of " V.
A. Witcher and Ira J. McGinnis." They got
into this bill by a mistake of my clerk. These
names were submitted to the committee, and
without action on the part of the committee
they were left on the table, and the clerk, think-
ing those names were to go into the bill, put
them in. It was a mistake of his.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it right, as an act
of justice to the person whose name has been
referred to, Mr. witcher, to say that he has
just presented himself to me, and has stated
that he is entirely innocent of the charges con-
tained in the statements that have been made.
It is true that indictments are pending against
him ; but he says that he is not guilty. He
has not felt it to be his duty to leave Virginia
to meet the indictments; but he says he is not
guilty of anything other thati regular acts of
warfare. Of course I cannot decide whether
the grand jury in Tennessee is right or he is
right; but it is fair toward him to state that
he denies his guilt charged in the indictments.
