3934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
which, under the national banking act, they are
compelled to do to secure deposits. They
might do better. Now, if the deposits are
larrge they must go out into the market, and buy
up bonds, at however great a premium, to meet
this necessity. And if we put this exceptional
tax on United States deposits, which the Gov-
ernment places for its own advantage in the
hands of these banks, a tax higher than upon
other deposits, we shall be discriminating
against the United States as compared with
other depositors. This seems to me unjust.
The Government of the United States now re-
gards itself as secure by this deposit of bonds,
individuals are not so secured, and X see no
veason why there should be an exceptional tax.
I hope, therefore, that the Committee of Ways
and Means will consent to drop this out of the
bill altogether, since it is now provided for in
the national banking laws.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Peters,] on the
ground that it would leave the matter precisely
whore it is now. In the currency act the tax
is one fourth of one per cent, for the half year,
which is one half of one per cent, a year. 1
believe, as has been said by the chairman of
the Committee on Banking and Currency, that
it is a great deal better to leave it as it is in the
currency act than to provide for it here, and
thus confuse the whole matter.
Mr. PETE US. This is not inconsistent with
the currency act.
Mr. LYNCH. It is not inconsistent with
that act, but there is no necessity for putting
it into two acts; whereas the whole tax is now
in one act. Instead of making a monthly
assessment of taxes, I think it better to leave
the tax precisely as it is, to wit, one foujth
of one per pent, each half year, as it is in the
currency act. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not
see any reason, and certainly none has been
assigned here, why the tax upon Government
deposits should be any larger than it is upon
individual deposits. The Government does
not deposit this money with the banks for the
benefit of the banks. They deposit their money
with the banks precisely as individuals do, for
th.eir own advantage and convenience.
Mr. PETERS. I would ask the gentleman
whether the objection he makes, instead of
being contined merely to the taxation on banks,
does not apply to all this legislation?
Mr. LYNCH. Not exactly. There is a
proviso which ex eludes certain classes of banks;
and if the words under discussion are stricken
out the deposits in the national banks will be
left under the operation of the currency act.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that I can see no
reason why the Government should put a larger
tax upon its own deposits than upon the de-
posits of individuals. If this provision in the
present bill remains a tax of three per cent,
per annum is placed upon the Government de-
posits in the national banks, and the result will
be that the national banks will not receive the
Government deposits, because, as a general
thing, they are allowed to remain but a short
time, and are not so valuable to the banks as
the deposits of individuals are; so that the
Government will be deprived of whatever con-
venience they now derive from having their
deposits in the national banks. That it is a
matter of convenience to the Government to
be enabled to place deposits in the national
banks may be assumed, for if it was not a
convenience they would not put them there.
Now, if you put a tax of three per cent, on
these deposits, the result in all probability will
be that the Secretary of the Treasury, rather
than have the public money lying in the sub-
Treasuries, where the Government derive no
benefit, fro® it in the shape of taxes or other-
wise, will place large amounts of ifc in these
national banks at points where it is not needed
for any purpose whatever, simply with the view
of obtaining the tax upon it.. The Secretary
of the Treasury—all Secretaries of the Treas-
ury—will naturally be anxious to make as large
exhibits as possible. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersojlu]
Mr. INGBRSOLL. Having obtained one
minute, I desire to call the attention of gentle-
men to another consideration which is of great
importance to our constituents in such cities as
Indianapolis, La Fayette, Peoria, Quincy, and
Springfield, where we have national banks. It
is now the custom of the collectors to receive
from tax-payers checks on the various national
banks instead of the money. The collector
receives these checks and deposits them in the
bank designated by the United States Treasury
as the United States depository, and the bank
thus takes the collecting of these checks. If
this three per cent, clause is adhered to by the
House, what would be the result 1 There is not
a bank in the western States or in any of the
rural districts that will retain the Government
deposits and put up the necessary amount as
security for them. And you will deprive your
citizens of the privilege of paying their own
taxes with checks drawn on the national banks,
and compel them to pay in greenbacks, sub-
jecting them to great inconvenience.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, by
substituting "one eighth" for "one twenty-
fourth." I wish that the House shall act un-
derstandingly on this matter. I believe the
present average of deposits of public moneys
in the banks is reduced, so that it ranges from
about three to eleven million dollars. That
would give us $100,000 if the proposition made
by the Committee of Ways and Means should
prevail, which is, as I explained before, pre-
cisely what the House decided upon some
eighteen months ago when this feature of the
bill was before us. I remember that among
various things which operated upon the mind of
the House at that time were considerations of
the kind which I will mention, some of which
do not prevail now to the same extent as they
did then. There had been a great deal of
favoritism shown toward the banks. I have
an instance now in my mind where a bank,
under a former administration of the Treasury
Department, held hundreds of thousands of
dollars for a long period of time, in order to
enable them to make money, under circum-
stances, as it seemed to me, of very great sus-
picion as to why they were thus favored.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Was that under the
present Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; but I say that
operated on the mind of the House at that
time. Nothing of that kind that I am aware
of exists now; but still there are deposits of
the public money, and deposits of the public
moneys insufficiently paid for by any returns
from the banks, unless you add some taxation
such as this which we propose, even in cases like
that supposed or referred to by my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixoersoll,] for his Peoria bank
probably does as many other western banks
do, avails itself of the average amount of
deposits of money on hand which it can always
control, and puts that money in the banks in
New York, getting two, three, and four per
cent, on it, instead of giving accommodations
to the neighbors at home. One of the curses
on the people of the interior of the country has
been this treatment that they have received
from the banks of the West. They have car-
ried their funds to New York and there depos-
ited them, subject to calls, for speculative pur-
poses, while the people at home, for whom the
distribution of banking capital was intended to
be a benefit and an advantage, have derived
little or no benefit from that distribution of
banking capital to the interior of the country.
. Mr. PETERS. Why do they deposit it in
New York, where they get less interest than
they might get nearer home ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Ohio will allow me to say that that is the very
thing I desire to avoid by requiring the Gov-
ernment to give notice to our western banks
of the intention to draw out the deposits, so
that they can use the moneys in the West legiti-
mately,, for purposes of legitimate business, and
not be compelled to send them to New York
or elsewhere.
Mr. SCHENCK. I answered that proposi-
tion before, when I said that this tax as the
bill is now framed is to be imposed on the
average amount of deposits that they hold
through the month, to be ascertained at the
end of the month, and that obviates all neces-
sity of notice of that kind. I have said already
that in the changed condition of things, the
lower amount of deposits and the less favorit-
ism, if any at all, which exists now, there is
perhaps not so much propriety in putting on a
comparatively heavy tax of three per cent, a
year, or a tax per month at that rate, as was
proposed when the matter was before the
House formerly; but I do think it is not ask-
ing too much that we shall impose a tax of
half that amount, even as things now exist.
Mr. KERR.. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I hope the House will
not reduce the rate proposed in this bill from
one fourth to one eighth of one per cent. It
is my judgment that a tax of one fourth of one
per cent, is not excessive, from the advantage
offered to these depository banks. The moneys
deposited by the United States with them are
much more valuable to them than the ordinary
deposits which they receive from citizens, be-
cause they are much more uniform in amount;
they are much more regular in all that pertains
to the times of the drawing out of the deposits ;
they are much more certain in amount. They
may vary somewhat -with the seasons of the
year; but ordinarily, taking the country over,
they are much more uniform than individual
deposits.
Then it is true, beyond all question, that
nearly all of these national banks throughout
the country which' enjoy these advantages do
use these public deposits so as to conduct their
business and transact their discounts upon the
money of the Federal Government thus depos-
ited with them. If they have no demand at
homein their own community, they send them,
as has already been suggested here, to the great
commercial centers of the country, whether
Chicago, New York, Philadelphia, or other
places. Or, it may be, they turn around and
purchase Government bonds with the Govern-
ment funds, and thus collect from the Govern-
ment itself five, six, or seven and three tenths
per cent, interest upon these very deposits, wit h
entire confidence that they will be allowed to
use a certain amount of these deposits through-
out the entire period of each year. The fran-
chises enjoyed by the national banks are so
great and extraordinary, and possess such in-
trinsic value in a financial point of view, that
they can well afford to pay this little pittance
to the Government for the enjoyment of tho3P
advantages.
They say they are overtaxed and pay dis-
proportionately large amounts of taxation.
Let me say to gentlemen that there is no in-
vestment in this country, there is' no equiva-
lent investment in the world, that realizes such
large and certain gains as the investments
made in these national banks. The report of
f-he Comptroller of the Currency shows that
they have now in their vaults of undistributed
earnings, a surplus fund of more than one hun-
dred and thirty million dollars—nearly equal
*a° ^er cen'- 'heir entire investment.
And it is true at the same time that they are
distributing annual dividends which average
at least ten^ per cent, upon their investment,
besides their vast accumulations of undistrib-
uted profits and surplus funds.
Mr. LYNCH. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] whether
these (government deposits are placed in the
national banks for the advantage and con-
venience of the Government, or for the profit
of the banks?
