4878
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
June 27,
publication of the laws in the newspapers.
Now, here is the first of a family of private
claims that are interpolated into this appro-
priation bill, amounting in the aggregate to
one hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
dollars., claims that have been before Congress
year after year, ar.d some of which have been
reported against by committees of this House.
Air. HOLMAN. I believe the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself assents that under
the circumstances the point of order was fairly
reserved.
Mr. SARGENT. It should be, in the first
place, demonstrated that there is no law author-
izing this appropriation ; not that there are no
funds to pay these bills, but that there was no
law authorizing the bills to be contracted.
Mr. DAWES. The statement of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] in refer-
ence to the points ot order is correct, except
that I stated that so far as I then recollected
there was 110 general legislation in the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Perhaps so; but upon
that the points of order were waived thatwould
have been made by other gentlemen besides
the gentleman from Indiana but for that as-
surance. The gentleman from Massachusetts
should not therefore take advantage of that
technicality and insist on retaining these private
claims in this appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the fact that the accounts
which this clause provides for paying accrue
in the regular Indian service in California.
The Senate have a habit of sending to us ac-
counts of this character fastened on the reg-
ular Indian appropriation bill. The bill which
recently came from the Senate contained some
seven or eight appropriations of this character.
1 have uniformly said to gentlemen who have
come to me as having charge of that bill that
the regular Indian appropriation bill was not
the proper place for claims of that lsind, that
they should either go into the deficiency bill
or into the sundry civil bill, where the prac-
tice of the House has sanctioned their being
placed. I think that is the correct rule, and
that this bill and the deficiency bill are the bills
where such appropriations should be put.
Now, sir, if it be said that expenditures made
iu the regular Indian service are not author-
ized by law and cannot properly be paid, I in-
quire, what expenditures can bepaid? Suppose
that we appropriate an insufficient amount to
ruft the Treasury Department, so that if the
amount we appropriate only is expended two
thirds of the clerks of the Department, those
most essential to do its business, would have
to be discharged, will any one say that if the
Secretary, instead of discharging them, should
keep them on, and then come here and ask
either in the civil bill or the deficiency bill the
appropriation needed to pay their services, that
it was not an appropriation authorized by law ?
Of course an argument like that would not
stand for a moment.
Now, to come down to the merits of this
particular matter, these expenditures were in-
curred in the regular Indian service in Cali-
fornia. The Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs recommend
the payment; and the Committee on Appropria-
tions have examined the matter caiefully and
report in favor of it. In looking over the
accounts I find that they are for work done in
some cases, in other cases for a few blankets
supplied upou the direct requisition of the
person having authority to order those goods.
Now, these goods having been procured, and
these services having been rendered upon orders
trom the regular agents of the Government, it
i-i not right to say that this expenditure wasnot
authorized.
Mr. IiOLMAN. The reason for making
these points of order has always been that it
is not right to put private claims in ati appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SARGENT, It is not proper to speak
of them as claims; they are debts owed by the
Government. Claims for damages or of a con-
structive nature should go-to the Committee of
Claims; but these are debts incurred in the
regular exercise of the powers of authorized
agents of the Government.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Why have not they
been paid?
Mr. SARGENT. Simply because the appro-
priation ran out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What appropriation?
Mr. SARGENT. The appropriation to pay
some merchants of San Francisco and laboring
men on the different reservations; a dozen dol-
lars in this place, twenty dollars in that, and
so on, for two or three years past.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Why not put these
things in the Indian appropriation bill?
Mr. SARGENT. Because that is for ex-
penditures required for the coming fiscal year,
and our aim has been to confine it to those
expenditures.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] state that, he re-
served all points of order on this bill when it
was reported ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I did, in the manner I have
stated, and as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] admits.
Mr. BECK. What does the record show?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and myself do not
differ as to the facts it is hardly necessary to
waste time by referring to the record.
Mr. BECK. I shall object to anything that
is not upou the record.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is no special record of points of order
having been reserved upon this bill by any one.
Upon that information the Chair will overrule
the point of order made upon the pending
paragraph.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I move to strike
out this paragraph; and of course I design to
follow up that motion by similar motions in
regard to other paragraphs of the same character
as they arc reached. 1 have stated before that
these claims are very large ill the aggregate.
They are nothing but private claims which have
been before Congress, some of them year after
year, and some of them I am told have been
reported against by the proper committees of
this House; the House thereby showing that
they were, in their opinion, unjust claims that
ought not to be paid. Yet here they all appear
in this appropriation bill.
Now, one word further. This tacking on
private claims to an appropriation bill is one
of the most pernicious abuses of legislation
ever indulged in. We all know that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations cannot give the proper
amount of investigation to these private claims;
nor is it the proper committee of this House to
investigate these claims and pass upou them
intelligently.
Mr. DAWES. AH that is true ; yet it does
not apply to a single one of these items. The
Committee on Appropriations act upon the
principle of never hearing a disputed claim.
Theyputupon an appropriation bill only those
claims which have been liquidated and found
to be due by the proper officers authorized to
judge of the justice and amount of the claims,
so that nothing more is left, to be done except-
to make the necessary appropriations to pay
them. When they come and ask an appropria-
tion to pay a bill which they have contracted,
and when they say they have examined it and
it is due the party, there would seem to he
an imperative necessity that an appropriation
should he made, it is such claims only that
we have put in this appropriation bill. There
never was a claim clearer in justice and equity
than this.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask the gentleman's
attention to one of the claims included in this
bill. It is embraced in lines eight hundred
and eighteen to eight hundred and twenty-one,
as follows;
To reimburse E. M. Sargent for money expended
by him in carrying out a eontractwith the Post Oflice
department for mail service from Lowell, Massachu-
setts, to adjacent po'ints,$2,000.
This seems to be a claim for carrying the
mails. Now, we have appropriated year after
year ail the money asked by the Post Office
Department for that purpose. I am told by
the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads that this claim has been
before his committee, has been examined as
a private claim against the Government, and
has been rejected by the committee as not
well supported.
Mr. DAWES. I will not anticipate the
discussion of that claim, which is several pages
ahead in the bill; but if, when it properly
comes before us, it should not appear to be
such a claim as I have described, I will not
press it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the gentle-
man to speak generally in regard to all these
claims.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I object
to any attempt to prejudice the pending item
by bringing up one which is two or three pages
ahead. The claim now under consideration
has been examined by the Indian department,
the officers of which have reeommended it.
saying that they would have paid it if they had
had in their hands any funds applicable to the
purpose; that the services upon which the
claim rests were rendered under the direct
orders of the department. The claim, as we
understand, had never been considered by any
committee of this House before its examina-
tion by the Committee on Appropriations, by
which it has been scrutinized with great care.
Mr. BENJAiflN. Can the gentleman tell
us when this claim originated?
Mr. SARGENT. It is for small amounts
of indebtedness accruing from 18(30 to 1S57.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. Is there a report in
favor of it ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; there is a printed
report in favor of it.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. Made by whom ?
Mr. SARGENT. The claim is indorsed by
Mr. N. G. Taylor, late Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and by the local superintendent. All
the items are set out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How long has the
claim been standing?
Mr. SARGENT. It is now brought forward
for the first, time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How old is the
claim ?
Mr. SARGENT. The claim is made up of
small amounts, originating from 18G0 to 18G7
inclusive! for employment of herders, &c. This
is a just claim, and the refusal to pay it will
be equivalent to a repudiation by the Indian
department of the just demands upon it.
Mr. STILES. 1 move that the committee
rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. We are almost through the bill.
We can finish it to-day.
.Mr..STILES. We cannot get through the
bill this evening.
Mr. DAWES. Let me remind the gentle-
man that the House has made special assign-
ments ot business for to-morrow and next day:
and the Senate is about to take up business
which will occupy it a whole week. Hence it
is important we should get this bill to that body
as soon as possible.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, is debate in
order upou a motion that the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
1 he motion of Mr. Stiles was not agreed to.
J. he question being taken on the motion to
strike out the paragraph, there were—ayes 33,
noes 04 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Bbxjahin were appointed.
