2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question on the motion to refer, if there be
no objection. It is moved that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
botchers' benevolent association.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 455) to incorporate the Washington
Butchers' Benevolent Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Committee on the
District of Columbia would report a general
incorporation act, so that all these societies
could incorporate under it, it would avoid the
necessity of our passing separate incorporation
Mr. SUMNER. That general act has not
yet passed.
Mr. POMEROY. It will not take longer to
pass a general act than these various special
acts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
poor improvement association.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 460) to incorporate the Washington
Association for the Improvement of the Poor
of the District of Columbia; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
sons and daughters of liberty.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 652) to incorporate the association
called "The Sons and Daughters of Liberty;"
which was read.
Mr. HOWARD. I think this bill had better
be passed over. If I understand it rightly it
is substantially the same as the one we have
just passed for the improvement of the con-
dition of the poor of the District of Columbia.
I cannot see the necessity ofspending time upon
such a bill.
Mr. MORTON. There was an organization
called the Sons of Liberty in Indiana during
the war organized for & very different purpose
from that which is stated in this bill; but I
got a prejudice against the name from the char-
acter and purposes of the organization we had
in Indiana. 1 do not intend, however, to urge
anv objection to the passage of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan has objected, and it will be passed
over. .
Mr. HOWARD. I think it had better be
passed over for the present.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to make one remark,
with the permission of the Senator from Mich-
igan. This would seem to be a favorable op-
portunity to indulge in a suggestion to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, whether it
may not be that some general law can be passed
which will permit the organization of asoocia-
tions by filing articlesof association, instead of
passing so many of these acts of incorporation.
It seems to me it can be accomplished in that
way.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say to the Senator
that there is a bill already reported, and on the
Calendar, for the purpose of allowing associa-
tions to be incorporated ; but we do not know
that that bill will pass. Now, I want to Bay to
my friend from Michigan that this is a little
bill which really amounts to not much. It is
an association of colored people upon the
Island, and they say that if they can bring
their means together they can exert them a
little better in taking care of their poor ; and
that is all they want it for; and I think he will
not object to it. It is true we have passed one
bill for an incorporation which is made up of
another class of men for the same object; but
this, I believe, is exclusively of colored people.
I hope the Senator will let it pass.
Mr. HOWARD. I must insist on my ob-
jection. I do not see the propriety of shin-
gling over the District of Columbia with so
many special charters of incorporation for
every sort of subject that can be imagined.
It seems to me that we could spend our time
more profitably by devoting our attention to
otherand more important matters. Of course,
I would do anything in my power to aid the
poor of this District, so far as I can do so.
Mr. SUMNER. May I make a remark to
my friend ? My friend understands perfectly
that if there was a general incorporation law
these people could organize nnder it.
Mr. HOWARD. As a matter of course
there would be no necessity for a special
charter.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. In the absence
of a general incorporation law, why should we
not give them the opportunity they ask?
Mr. HOWARD. Why not make 
Mr. SHERMAN. As objection is made,
should debate go on?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan objected, but rose apparently
as if going to withdraw the objection. If he
persists in it the bill is not before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I insist on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
green bat and lake pepin railway.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 72) granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of the Green
Bay and Lake Pepin railway ; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out in
lines six and seven of the first section the
words "in a westerly direction to a point
on the Mississippi river opposite the city of
Wabashaw, Minnesota," ana in lieu thereof to
insert:
Thence on the most feasible route to some point
6n the Mississippi river between township eighteen,
range ten west, and township twenty-seven, range
twenty west.
So as to make the section read:
That for the purpose of aiding the Green Bay and
Lake Pepin Railway Company in the construction
of a railroad from a point on Fox river, at or near
the city of Green Bay, Wisconsin, running thence
on the most feasible route to some point on the Mis-
sissippi river between township eighteen, range ten
west, and township twenty-seven, range twenty
west, as the directors may determine, there is hereby
granted to the State of Wisconsin every alternate
section of public lands designated by odd numbers
for ten sections in width on each side of said road, <fcc.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Committee on
Public Lands will not insist on this amend-
ment. The people of Wabashaw have already
gone to considerable expense in making sur-
veys, and are very friendly to this enterprise.
There is no necessity for this amendment.
Mr. HOWE. It is right.
Mr. RAMSEY. Where are these lines North
and South?
Mr. HOWE. The south line is opposite
Wabashaw. This amendment was introduced,
I will say, in obedience to solicitations from
different parts of Minnesota to accommodate a
Minnesota interest.
Mr. RAMSEY. Wabashaw is a Minnesota
interest.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was in early sympathy
with this road, and gave a great deal of time and
money. They cannot well Stand the loss of
the money, and they shonld not1 be disap-
pointed in their reasonable expectations.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand that Waba-
shaw objects to the amendment?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have that information
from there. I hope the Senator will not in-
sist on the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Well, let us vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to prevail!
Mr. NORTON. I ask for a division. This
amendment I understand to be reported by
the committee upon information they had as
to what was the desire of persons interested
in this company and in the construction of a
road from Green Bay to the Mississippi river ;
and that that interest might not be confined
or restricted to a single point the limits were
extended between townships eighteen and
twenty-seven within which they might select
their point of connection with the Mississippi
river.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand, I think, the
purpose of the amendment, but at the same
time I have been written to by a number of
persons who have long taken an interest in this
matter, from the city of Wabashaw, desiring
that this amendment should be defeated.
Mr. NORTON. There are persons in other
parts of Minnesota, within these limits, equally
interested who have spent as much time and
money as the people of the city of Wabashaw,
and if this amendment is rejected and this com-
pany is compelled to run to Wabashaw or any-
where else on the Mississippi river it may prove
to be that this is the least desirable and most
expensive connection. What the men inter-
ested in the construction of the road desire is
that they may have a limit between points on
the river to make their connection with the
Mississippi river, thus accommodating interests
in Minnesota and Wisconsin and on the lake
as well.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should regret very much
if the rejection of the amendment defeated this
enterprise. At the same time I know from
parties who have written to me, and who desire
the defeat of the amendment, that they have
long been deeply interested in this work, and
have been led to suppose, indeed, that the road
was coming to theirtown. They have no other
improvement than this to look to, as the Sen-
ator knows. I am willing to submit the matter
to the Senate and let the Senate do as they
please.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply state that
the committee depended for information upon
the Senators representing the States of Minne-
sota and Wisconsinand it appears to me that
this amendment is right for the reason that it
gives the company an opportunity to terminate
their road at an eligible point on the river. To
require the railroad company to go to a point
opposite some particular town simply to accom-
modate the people of the town might subject
the company to very great expense and loss.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment is cer-
tainly right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is und erstood
by the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let it be voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] has demanded
a division.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
seven, noes not counted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was to insert at the end of the
first section "said land to be selected within
fifteen miles from the road."
Mr. HOWE. I move to strike out "fifteen "
and insert "twenty." That puts it on a level
with other grants.
Mr. POMEROY. We have given this com-
pany five miles beyond the original grant to
make np deficiencies. There are some bills
that grant ten, I know; but the*committee
thought that five would make up for such rea-
sonable deficiencies as there might be. The
Senatorfrom Wisconsin may be better informed
than the committee, but the committee thought
five miles enough in addition to the ten already
allowed.
Mr. HOWE. I can only say that if the com-
pany are allowed to go twenty miles they will
not get one hundred thousand acres of land.
