1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to insert the names of George R. R. Dunn,
of Abingdon; George W. Ward, of Fred-
erick; and George F. Parker, of Pittsylvania,
^ XhePRESIDIN G OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to if there
be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we ought not to
take names in that way without their going
through the consideration of a committee; I
and as this bill promises now to stretch on, I
do not know how long, I hope I shall not be
considered as taking too great a liberty if I
fall back upon my original position and resume
the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts to allow us to dispose of
this bill. There are no more amendments to
be offered.
Mr. SU MNER. The Senator from Virginia
has just offered one adding several names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts object to the fur-
ther consideration of this bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I throw myself on the indul-
gence of the Senate. I ask to proceed with
the regular order.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to say a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts will yield for a few moments
longer. This bill is of great importance to
some of the States of the South, and it ought
to be gone through with. There are great
numbers of individuals included in the bill
whose services are actually necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. Then amendments should
be stopped. For instance, the Senator from
Virginia has just Bent to the Chair three or
four names which have not been considered
by any committee, and with regard to which
we know nothing.
Mr. ROBERTSON. When petitions come
op here asking for the removal of political
disabilities they are generally indorsed by some
person who is considered responsible; and if
the honorable Senator from Virginia is not con-
sidered responsible I should like to know who
on the floor of the Senate is considered respon-
sible ? There are no more amendments to be
offered to the bill, and I hope it will be put on
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to our friends
on the other side of the Chamber to forbear
offering further amendments, and allow the
bill to be put on its passage.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There are no more
amendments to be offered.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word
with regard to the names added on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia. The petitions
for the removal of the political disabilities of
those gentlemen came to me, and were pre-
sented by me to the Senate, and I venture to say
no petitions of that character were ever pre-
sented in the Senate that were better supported
by the testimony accompanying them than
were the petitions in the cases of those gen-
tlemen.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the names moved by
the Senator from Virginia be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will
be reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
George R.R. Dunn. Abingdon; George W.Ward,
.Frederick; George F.Parker, Pittsylvania,Virginia.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Theseamend-
ments will be considered as concurred in,
unless objection be made.
. Mr. SUMNER. Should they be concurred
in ? I have received several letters from Vir-
ginia within a week or fortnight stating that
Congress has acted improvidently with regard
to several names. Names have been men-
tioned to me of persons whose disabilities have
been removed, who since then have expressed
themselves in the most disloyal terms, con-
temptuously of Congress and of the very indul-
gence which they have received. There are
such persons in Virginia now whose names are
in former bills; and on that account I hope
that no other persons from Virginia at present
will receive this indulgence until their cases
have been carefully considered in committee.
I do not wish to make the mistake which I
have reason to believe has been already made.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, the peti-
tions in these cases were not sent to me, but
to the Senator from Ohio, and I concur in
what he has said in regard to them. I know
but one of these gentlemen personally, Mr.
George R. R. Dunn, of Abingdon, and I can
assnre the Senate that in my opinion his dis-
abilities ought to be removed. I am sure he
is and will be a loyal citizen. The other two
gentlemen, Mr. Ward and Mr. Parker, are in-
dorsed by persons occupying positions that
entitle them to the consideration of the Senate.
I am sure that all three of these gentlemen
ought to be relieved.
Mr. NORTON. I rose a moment ago for
the purpose of attracting the attention of the
Senate and the country to the fact that this
provision of the Constitution of the United
States in regard to the disabilities of persons
in the southern States was to be used, as is
intimated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
for the purpose of keeping those States in
accord with the majority of Congress. I do
not object to the passage of this bill. I thought
I would ask the Senator from Massachusetts to
insist on the regular order and let this bill go
over. But I do wish that we should under-
stand at some time whether disabilities are to
be removed for the purpose of securing polit-
ical and party ascendency, or whether they are
to be removed as people are submissive to the
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota if he is not aware of the fact that
all these men are allowed the privilege of voting
in Virginia at the present time ?
Mr. NORTON. Iam aware of that. But
the point that the Senator from Massachusetts
makes is that these people are not or possibly
may not be in accord with Congress, and that
they speak disrespectfully of Congress. He
reminds us that we have made mistakes; and
why? Because after their disabilities have
been removed some of these people have spoken
disrespectfully of Congress ana of reconstruc-
tion and of the party dominant, in the country.
I should like, if we can get to it, to have it
understood whether the disabilities of men in
the southern States under the fourteenth amend-
ment are to be removed as they are submissive
to the law or submissive to Congress.
I would ask the Senator from Massachusetts
to insist npon the regular order of business;
but as there seem to be no more amendments
to be proposed I will not do so, but will allow
this bill to go through, because I think little
by little we are removing the disabilities of
those people, and we are gaining so much more
for the welfare of those States and the pros-
perity generally of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifnofurther
amendment be proposed the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask for" the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Several Senators. No ; no.
Mr. BOREMAN. I withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
who agree to the passage of the bill will say
" ay" ; those of the contrary opinion, " no,"
[putting the question.] Two thirds having
agreed to its passage, the bill is passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 7th instant,
the annual report of F. A. Starring, agent of
the United States to examine consular affairs
of the United States with France and Belgium ;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, accompanied by a communication
from the associated executive committee of
the Society of Friends on Indian affairs, in
relation to the establishment of certain Indian
tribes of the plains upon unimproved lands in
the Indian territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
copy of the report made by the commissioners
appointed under the twelfth article of the treaty
concluded February 23,1867, with the Senecas,
mixed Senecas, Shawnees, and Quapaw tribes
of Indians in Kansas, to investigate the claims
of those tribes for losses sustained on account
of being driven from their homes during the
war of the rebellion ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
NINTH CENSUS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
424) to provide for taking the ninth census of
the United States, the pending question being
on the substitute reported by the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I return to
this discussion reluctantly. It will be remem-
bered that when the Senate adjourned yester-
day I was in the midst of a comparison of the
two antagonist propositions. The term that I
now employ I borrow from the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conk ling,] who thus charac-
terized the two propositions. The term is just.
Antagonist they are. The one is the old law
of 1850, the other is the proposed law of
1870; and you are to decide between them.
This is the way the question now stands; this
is the way it is presented by the report of the
committee and by the argument of the Senator
from New York yesterday.
Are you for the old law of 1850 or for a new
law in 1870? The report of the committee
falls back positively upon the old law. If this
law is in any way inadequate, if it is insufficient,
if, as I tried to show yesterday, and I think I
did show, it is not a working machine, this is
sufficient reason why you should not accept the
report of the committee. The other question,
whether in all respects the House bill is what
we most desire, will then be for consideration.
The bill itself will be open to amendment, or,
if you please, to substitution by some interme-
diate proposition. Meanwhile the question is
on the law of 1850, which has the support of
the committee.
I was trying to show, when the Senate ad-
journed yesterday, why we should not accept
the report of the committee. At present I do
not go into the question of amendment or sub-
stitution. I began with the report of the com-
mittee ; for the committee have made their own
issue; they have selected the bed on which they
choose to lie; and that bed is the old law of
I called attention yesterday to various topics,
1850. Let the committee lie there, if they will.
I trust the Senate will find something better,
grouped under the head of " machinery '' for
the taking of the census, showing, as I think,
that of the two systems, the earlier had- no
advantage in point of cost; that they were
perhaps equal in this respect; at any rate, that
there was no satisfactory evidence that the law
of 1850 can be executed in 1870 at smaller
cost than the House bill; showing, as I think,
that the House bill of 1870 can be executed,
even in the short time now remaining to put it
in motion, precisely as well in this respect as
