1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2991
to the amendment was
They will not get an acre of land, any way, that
has not been in market at ten shillings an acre
for more than twenty years, and unless this
road is built it will be in the market for twenty
years to come.
The amendment
agreed to. ,
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was in section four, lines two
and three, to strike out the words " section
three of;" so as to read:
That the said lands hereby granted shall, when
patented, as provided in this act, be subject to the
disposal of the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Hallway
Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
customs collector at wilmington.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire now to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 133.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, a3in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 133)
concerning the pay of customs officers in North
Carolina.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to strike out all
after the resolving clause, and insert the follow-
ing as a substitute:
That the act of the 25th of February, 1867, entitled
"An act relative to collection districts in North Caro-
lina." in the first section and the last clause before
the proviso, shall be, and hereby is, so amended as to
include the words "and commissions " after the word
"fees."
Mr. WILLIAMS. That Is right.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will explain again, why I
offer this amendment. Under the law of 1804
the collector of the port of Wilmington had
commissions—two and a half per cent. The
law of 1867 was intended to give him $1,000
salary and commissions up to $2,500. Evi-
dently by an inadvertence in the act the word
"commissions" was left out and it Bimply said
"fees," so that it cut his pay down to $1,400,
and he has not been able to collect more since
that act.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection
to the amendment. It makes it all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concufted in. The joint resolution was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
bill passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 467) to facilitate the adjustment of
controversies between parties interested in
maritime adventures and contracts in the port
of New York, and to establish a board of port-
wardens.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a question some-
what complicated, and the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] is absent. I think it
had better be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 902) limiting the appointment of
certain officers in the Treasury Department;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 120) declaratory of the meaning and in-
tention of the law relating to the income tax,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Robert C. Schbnck of Ohio, Mr. Henry
L. Dawes of Massachusetts, and Mr. Daniel
W. Voorhees of Indiana, managers at the
same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; which were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of
Harriet R. Clinton;
A bill (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of
Joseph Harmon ;.
A bill (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of
William A. Scott, late first lieutenant com-
pany F, fourteenth regimentlllinois volunteers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating
captured cannon for the purpose of construct-
ing a monument at West Point, New York; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) to con-
strue an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico.' "
bills passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill
was indefinitely postponed, and the motion to
postpone indefinitely was reconsidered. There
are two bills of the same title.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of them I hope will
be passed without objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The indefinite
postponement was reconsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. On my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Commerce reported adversely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that one of them,
the first one, be taken up and considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first.
The Secretary. The first is the bill (S.
No. 372) to regulate the appraisement and in-
spection of imports in certain cases, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SPENCER. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama objects. It will be kept on the
Calendar. There is another bill of the same
title.
Mr. SPENCER. I object to both.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will both
be passed over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that they be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An objection has
priority of a motion.
samuel miller.
Mr. MORTON. I made objection to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 673, for the
relief of Nicholas M. Page, executor of Sam-
uel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia. I
desire to withdraw that objection, in order that
it may be restored to the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks leave to withdraw the objec-
tion. The Chair hears no objection, and the
bill is again before the Senate.
executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. We have now been faith-
fully at woVk since twelve o'clock. There is
some business in executive session which we
ought to dispose of.
Mr. SCOTT. Let this bill take its place at
the head of the Calendar to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be putat the head
of the Calendar for to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
d6ss*
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears no objection. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will clear the galleries and close the
doors.
After some time spent in the consideration
of executive business, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 26, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. ALLISON moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order
of business.
call of the roll.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the roll of
members be culled.
The question was taken viva voce, and the
Speaker declared that it was carried.
Mr. ROOTS. I protest against this outrage
as a foolish waste of time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to protest against what the House ha3
ordered.
Mr. ROOTS. I call for a division.
The House divided upon the motion of Mr.
Schenck; and it was agreed to—ayes 85,
noes 28.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ames, Archer, Axtell, Bailey, Banks Ben-
ton, Boles, Bovren, Boyd,Burr,Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Crebs,
Davis, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge,
Griswold, Haldcman, Hamill, Hill, Hogo, Julian,
Laflin. Lash, Marshall, Mayham, McGrew, Milnes,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Mungen. Porter, Potter, Randall, Reeves, ltidgway.
Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, Siocum. William J.
Smith,Worthington C. Smith, Taylor, and Van Horn.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I would state that
Mr. Lash is confined to his room by illness.
The SPEAKER. Upon the call of the roll
one hundred and seventy-six members have
answered to their names.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move 
Mr. ROOTS. I rise to a privileged motion.
As the call of the roll seems to be such a pleas-
ant sound to some people, I move that the
House now adjourn, and upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Roots] is not entitled to the floor.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is
upon the floor to make a motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] has called for the regular brder.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw that call for the
present.
fortification. appropriation bill.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill (H. R. No. 1883) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fortifications and other works of de-
fense for the fiscal year ending June 30, ,1871:
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made the special order for Wednesday, May 4,
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of.
pension appropriation bill. ;
Mr. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the Sen-
ate amendments to the bill making appropri-
| ations for the payment of invalid and other
j pensions, and that those amendments be re-
j ierred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it was anything else
than a pension appropriation bill I would
object.
