1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
The Cuban Question—Mr. Cobb.
Ho. of Reps.
distinct from Spain, and have maintained their
ground for sixteen months, gaining strength
and power every day.
What reason can be urged against our pur-
suing the course which heretofore we have
practiced ? The policy of this Government in
regard to the other American colonies strug-
gling for independence has been swift to ac-
knowledge belligerency and to give them the
encouragement of our support.
Even in the case of Greece such a policy
was marked and became to be approved by
the world. When that bold ground was taken
by us we were not so strong, nor did we oc-
cupy so important a position among the nations
as we now do. When we have attained our
present high stand of importance and strength
among the Powers of the earth, shall the Rep-
resentatives of the people show less firmness
and boldness in asserting American policy and
American ideas than did their predecessors ? As
we gain in strength shall it be said that we lose
in spirit and courage? I believe that those who
contribute to place us in that attitude before
mankind will misrepresent the American peo-
ple and do injustice to their character and fame.
This is no time and no occasion for the Rep-
resentatives of the people to stickle upon ab-
struse points of international law or delicate
notions of comity. Really the law is with us
should v/e decide to recognize the belligerent
rights of Cuba.
But gentlemen fear a collision with Spain in
the event we take this course. Sir, I entertain
no such fear. Already she has her hands full
to manage dissensions at home and the cam-
paign in Cuba. I deprecate war and its horrors
as much as any man. I desire to see the sun-
light of peace illumine the whole world. But
should a war come, should Spain feel author-
ized to declare hostilities, then, inspired by the
justice of our cause, we could and would meet
her arrogance with speedy chastisement. But
no such result need be feared.
Spain lias never been noted for strict adher-
ence to the law and comity of nations, and she
has been much less noted for observing the
great principles of humanity which have grown
up with the spirit of the Christian age and been
acted upon and enforced by the enlightened
sentiment of mankind. There is no nation
now on the earth which lays claims to enlighten-
ment and civilization whose record is so tar-
nished with cruelties and enormities as that of
Spain ; and in no portion of the world have
those cruelties and enormities been so great as
toward her American colonies who have dared
to assert their freedom.
Time and again have the sympathies of man-
kind been aroused by her conduct on this
continent, and the feelings of the American
people shocked by those things which they
were restrained from preventing only on ac-
count of those laws and usages of nations which
Spain has never hesitated to disregard. -A
record of her oppressions and unjustifiable
exactions toward the colonies is of itself a
sufficient justification for the present revolution
in Cuba, and really does enlist the sympathies
of mankind in their behalf. But, Mr. Speaker,
until America takes grounds it cannot be ex-
pected that any other nation will. Should any
European Government act in advance of us it
would be an everlasting disgrace and reproach
to the American Republic. I appeal to the
Representatives of the American people to
occupy this ground, in advance of all others,
as peculiarly theirs.
There is another aspect in which the United
States are called upon to view this question, of
rather a domestic character. We have gone
through a war to remove the disgrace of Afri-
can slavery, which has so long been a blot upon
our fair fame. We have asserted the highest
grounds of rights, liberty, and citizenship in
connection with the emancipated slaves of the
South; we have the approbation and the ad-
miration of the world for what we have done;
and mankind have a right to expect that we
will not let an opportunity pass of completing
the noble work already now so nearly accom-
plished on this continent. Should slavery con-
tinue to exist in Cuba because of our failure
to improve the present opportunity to remove it,
it would detract materially from the glory of our
recent achievement. Our recent work is but
half done while a slave groans under his burdens
in the western hemisphere. Our honor is com-
promised so long as at our very doors a slave
bears the shackles which we have it in our
power to remove justly and properly.
Thefreedmen of the South in their rejoicing
over their own liberation stretch out yearning
hearts to their kindred in bonds within a few
days' sail of our shore. They implore the Gov-
ernment to extend its humanity and its power
across the water. They are loyal and true to
the Government and the Union, and by every
act or showing have proved that they may be
depended upon to defend American institutions
against enemies from without or from within.
They have been an element of political power
and physical strength. In some sections of
the country we must rely mainly upon them to
support that policy of the Government which
has saved the nation from dissolution and ruin.
That the Government was constrained to place
its reliance upon them is manifest, and rec-
ognized in the reconstruction acts and policy
under which the recently insurgent States have
been and are expected to be restored to their
allegiance. Nothing could servo more to
strengthen the Government with them than a
timely and prompt policy looking to the liber-
ation of the slaves of Cuba. The occasion
should not be allowed to pass, for it bears
upon the safety, welfare, and perpetuity of this
Union.
There is still another view of this question
to which I oall the attention of my Republican
colleagues from the northern States. Sir, the
Republican party of to-day is but the old Abo-
lition party in the hour of its trial. The Aboli-
tion party were the founders and builders of the
party which to-day has control of this Govern-
ment. They started without power and few in
numbers, and succeeded only by the force and
justice of their principles. There was never a
day in which they lacked in boldness or cour-
age or in energy; but on all occasions, in sea-
son and out of season, they seized upon every
opportune event and every favorable juncture
of affairs to push forward the great truths and
principles of humanity and justice upon which
they founded their movement. The Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States were against
them. They were not deterred by this fact,
but they hoped that time and Providence would
enable them to make justice and right the law,
or the law conform to justice and right. By a
concurrence of events and the approval of
Providence they have fully succeeded in what
seemed wild and improbable when it was first
undertaken. Shall those who succeed to their
glory and are reaping the fruits of their labors
be prevented from pursuing the same course
by pretensions that international law or some
indefinite comity of nations may stand in the
way? How insignificant such obstacles are in
comparison with those which stood in the way
of what has been achieved since 1861! In such
undertakings humanity works for success and
God is for the right. Dare we fail to pursue
the work, or dare we leave it unaccomplished
when success is within our grasp?
The colored men of the South, themselves
happy in the possession of the fullest freedom,
appealto the Government tobreak the manacles
from their brethren in Cuba. Let us show a
disposition to do so, and the entire colored
population of the South will burn with enthusi-
asm and gratitude, and our party will be borne
in triumph by them. The cause of humanity
demands our action, and its cries will never be
hushed while a slave lives on this hemisphere.
Let us see something more of the spirit and
fire of the old abolition leaders 1 Can thoje
who come here upon the fruits of their labors
cease to prosecute their humane work ? Will
the constituencies of the Representatives of
to-day allow them to do it? I think not. I
know not. And I warn gentlemen to look care-
fully to the will of the people in their respect-
ive localities.
Mr. Speaker, the President of the United
States desires that the voice of the people be
expressed. My opinion is clear that he is
waiting to hear from us. Shall the people's
Representatives say in effect that the people
have no voice and no wish to make known?
Then, suppose the President by his policy lots
Cuba die and slavery live, he is not responsi-
ble. We are. He asks us to declare the peo-
ple's voice, and he has promised to obey it.
Shall we smother that voice, mislead the Pres-
ident, and rivet the chains of slavery upon our
suffering neighbors? God forbid. Can any
gentleman upon this floor, who assumes such
responsibility, ever ask colored constituents
to vote for him again? And, sir, who can ask
the votes of Abolitionists ? Who can ask the
votes of the humane, of the just, or of the good?
Ay, sir, as I have before remarked, they will
find out when it is too late that the people, the
sovereigns of this nation, hold their Represent-
atives to a just and rigid account. 1 assure
gentlemen that this is becoming a popular
question ; that the heart of the nation is throb-
bing with expectancy and anxiety; that the
eyes of the world are upon us ; and that those
to whom shall attach the_ responsibility of the
perpetuation of slavery in the island of Cuba
may expect, as they will deserve, the reprobation
of those who sent them here ana the reproaches
of an enlightened world.
Mr. Speaker, the Cuban patriots have learned
in our schools. Our example, our progress,
and our happiness have taught them their ideas
of liberty and republicanism. They have
watched the rise of this country; they have
seen it spring into greatness and consequence
among the Powers of the earth from obscurity;
they have watched the march of progressive
ideas taught in our schools ; they have seen a
feeble colony of three million people battling
for eternal principles enlarge and expand until
to-day it stretches across a continent, number-
ing thirty-eight States and fifty million free-
men ; they watched intensely the great rebel-
lion, and saw the vindication of liberty and
independence on three hundred battle-fields,
and the complete overthrow of the slaveholding
aristocracy, and the permanency and durability
of the Government established forever; they
have watched us, sir ; they have studied our
Government, they have learned to love its
institutions and its principles, and who won-
ders that they are fired by our success to take
similar steps? We have been their pillar of
cloud by day and of fire by night.
1 believe that no one doubts or can doubt
that the present crisis in Cuba is the immediate
result of our example and of our teaching. "W e
rebelled against Great Britain when she was
strong and wo were weak, but trusted to the
justice of our cause to establish our independ-
ence. The relative strength of Cuba to Spain
is greater than was ours to England at the time
of the battle of Bunker Hill. At that time Eng-
land had no domestic disturbance, nor was she
threatened with any foreign difficulty. When
the Cubans commenced their present struggle
Spain had no king upon her throne, and noth-
ing but distraction and uncertainty in her do-
mestic affairs. Our fathers triumphed; the
right conquered; and our success aud_ the
glorious achievements which we have attained
in material prosperity, in liberty, and in power
