1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
lured by an offer of cheaper labor he seeks to
have that work performed outside of the family,
and thrusts aside his offspring who could have
done it, he will of course obtain the products
of that cheaper labor, but his offspring will
have been driven to seek precarious employ-
ment elsewhere, the^Vages for the work will
have gone to outsiders, and the family will be
likely to be poorer to the amount of the wages
given to the foreign v/orkmen. Now, a nation
is but an aggregate of families living under one
government, and the principles of protection
which govern families and tend to their ad-
vancement and prosperity should govern the
nation, and when followed will produce sim-
ilar results.
The fathers of the Republic understood this
principle well, and it is a well-known historical
fact that among the first acts of the First
Congress was an act which declared as a prin-
ciple, in the preamble, that—
"It is necessary for the support of government
and the encouragement of domestic manufactures
that duties be laid on foreign merchandise."
With the principles of revenue and protec-
tion thus inseparably interwoven, and to place
us in a state of independence of Great Britain,
who, before the Revolution declared we' 'should
not manufacture a hob-nail," and who was
then flooding our market with her fabrics, to
the detriment of our own, Congress, on the
4th of July, 1789, passed the first tariff act
under the Constitution. That Congress was
composed largely of men who had assisted in
forming the Constitution and knew what it
meant, and could therefore interpret it, and
they had no doubt of their right, as well as
their duty, to enact such a tariff. General
Washington, who had been President of the
Convention, signed the bill.
In his annual address, January 8, 1790, he
pursues the subject, and says:
"A free people ought not only to be armed, but
disciplined, to which end a uniform and well-di-
gested plan is requisite; and th cir safety and interest
requirethat theyshould promote such manutactori.es
as tend to render them independent of others for
essential, particularly military supplies."
Alexander Hamilton when Secretary of the
Treasury was also in favor of protection, and
his celebrated report on that subject, to be
found in the first volume of American State
Papers, lays it down as a political and eco-
nomical maxim that it is right and proper for
the Government to protect its own industry,
encourage its manufactures, and find a market
for its breadstuff's at home.
Jefferson, when in the Cabinet of Washing-
ton. said:
"Should any nation contrary to our wisnes sup-
pose it may better imd its advantage by continuing
its system of prohibitions, duties, and regulations, it
behooves us to protect our citizens, their eoumieicc
and navigation by counter prohibition?, duties, and
regulations also."
In his message of December 13, jb02, he
declared that it was our duty—
"To foster our fisheries as nurseries of navigation
and for the nurture of man, and protect the manu-
factures adapted to our circumstances." " *
"Uy continuing to make these the rule of
our action we shall endear to our countrymen the
true principles of our Constitution and promote a
union of sentiment and ol action equally auspicious
to their happiness and safety."
It is a matter of regret that his prophecy con-
cerning " the union of sentiment and action '1
has not been fulfilled.
In his message of November 4,1804, lie said:
" Whether the great interests of agriculture, manu-
factures, commerce, or navigation ean witnin the
pale of your constitutional powers be aided in any
of their relations" *■ : 'V11'0
tions within the limits of the functions of Congress.
Tn his last message. November 8, 1808, m
speaking of our manufactures, he says that—
"Little doubt remains that the establishment
formed and forming will, under the auspices of
olie&ocr materials and Pubsis^(*noo, llic ficcuoin ot
labor from taxation with us.anduf protecting duties
and prohibitions, becomc permanent."
I need scarcely add that Calhoun, in 1S16,
advocated the doctrine of protection also to
our agriculture, manufactures, and commerce,
to put them beyond the contingencies of war,
to make us self-supporting and independent.
The evils we had suffered during the war then
just closed, because of our dependence on
Great Britain for articles of prime necessity in
families, and of clothing, blankets, and muni-
tions of war in the field, were a sufficient argu-
ment to induce him to advocate the doctrine
of protection.
Jackson, in his message of December 7,
1830, when the tariff question was the subject
of much agitation, discussed the question of
its constitutionality, and declared that—
" The right to adjust the duties, with a view to the
encouragement of domestic branches of industry, is
so completely incidental to that power that it is dif-
ficult to suppose the existenceoftheonowitboutthe
other."
Thus it is that the doctrine of protection to
our manufactories as a principle and a duty
received the sanction of the sages of the Revo-
lution, and of the mostdistinguished statesmen,
such as Calhoun, Clay, Webster, aud Jackson,
of later times.
This principle of protection, so as to build
up a growing industry and to prepare materials
for a navy and enable us to become a great
maritime Power, was made most palpably man-
ifest in the legislation which gave bounties to
fishermen and secured to our mariners the
coasting trade by an absolute prohibition of
the shipping of all other countries from par-
ticipation therein. By the act of Congress of
1813 the collector of a district to which fish-
ing vessels belonged was authorized to pay a
bounty from $8 to $272, according to the size
of the vessel, for each fishing season of not
less than four months; and by the act of 1819
the maximum bounty was increased to $3G0
for such vessels. This was taking money
directly out of the Treasury and giving it to a
particular class, yetthere was no outcry against
it as being class legislation, because the end to
be attained was greater independence of foreign
nations. So, too, by the act of 1817, no vessels
belonging wholly or in part to a subject of a
foreign Power are allowed to import goods,
wares, or merchandise from one port of the
United States to another port of the United
States under penalty of forfeiture of such cargo.
This act is intended to keep the coasting
trade entirely in the hands of our own people,
and is not only protective of our seamen and
traders, but absolutely prohibitory of all foreign
interference. The fathers of the Constitution
and their distinguished successors having set-
tled the doctrine that encouragement to all
branches of American industry was constitu-
tional and proper, the only question for us to
consider now seems to me to be whether a
protective tariff is at present expedient.
The committee in adjusting the tariff bill
have left free those articles which we neither
produce nor manufacture, with some excep-
tions, such as tea, coffee, spices, &c.. ami
those excepted cases, especially where they
have become matters of prime necessity, are
taxed lightly and merely for revenue. On
those other articles which come in competi-
tion with the products of American labor they
have so adjusted the duties as while theyraisu
revenue they give a fair protection to our own
manufactures. Here the fice trader and the
protectionist come i:i conflict. The free trader
says, " Let the people buy where they can buy
cheapest; and if foreign manufacturers can
make and sell their merchandise cheaper in
our own market than we can sell similar goods,
let them do it without duty, for the duty is a
tax on the consumer."
This statement is a plausible one at first
sight: and although the duty may be in some
cases, as in articles which we cannot raise or
manufacture, tea and coffee, for instance, a
tax on the consumer to the full amount of the
duty, yet the statement is frequently fallacious,
and the principle they invoke would in most
cases be disastrously inexpedient.
It is not true, as a general rule, that the duty
is a tax on the consumer; for if the American
manufacturer can make and sell an article,
including cost and profit, at a certain price,
say fifty dollars, and the duty on such an Arti-
cle is ten dollars, then if it costs the foreigner,
including profits, forty-five dollars to manufac-
ture a similar article, and he wants to sell it in
our markets, he must pay five dollars of1 the
duty or forego that much of his profits before
he can make such sale; at the same price as
does the American manufacturer. In some
cases the foreigner will have to pay all the
duty if he desires to sell his merchandise in
competition with our own, and in others the
imposition of the duty lowers the price of the
dutiable article below the price which it cost
before the duty was imposed. Thus, in the arti-
cle of steel, in 1864, before the establishment
of our steel-works, the British manufacturer
charged us for steel rails delivered in Phila-
delphia or New York, from $135 to $162 in
gold, then worth $283 to $341 in currency.
Steel-works were built in Pennsylvania in 1866,
and in 1809, by competition with the foreign
manufacturer, the price was brought down to
$80 to $100 in gold, or $108 to $135 in cur-
rency. In the present year we have $5,000,000
invested in steel-rail works, which have re-
duced the article to $80 in gold, or about $90
in currency. The American steel-works can
now produce more steel rails than the market
requires. Until their establishment we were
plundered by th®.foreign manufacturer, as the
above statement,obtained fromreliablesources,
most distinctly shows.
In the article of copper the price was about
28 cents a pound when the copper tariff was
enacted a few years ago, but now it has fallen
to 21 cents.- So, too, in 1864, when coal was
free of duty, Nova Scotia coal cost $10 40
per ton in Boston; in 1865 it cost $9 80. In
1866 a duty was imposed of $1 25 per ton,
ever since which time the price in Boston has
decreased, notwithstanding the duty; in 1867
the price was $8 10; in 1869 it was $7 78, and
now it is about $7 25.
These well-known facts show conclusively
that a duty does not always.add to the price of
an article, but sometimes reduces it materially,
especially where the dutiable article can be
produced or manufactured by our people. They
are a refutation of the free-trade doctrine.
The chief aim of a tariff^ adjusted for pro-
tection as well as revenue is twofold: 1. To
render us independent of foreign nations,
whether in war or peace; and, 2, To give oc-
cupation and remuneration for their labor and
a home market to our own citizens.
Nations that are dependent on other nations
for their supplies are, in one sense, vassals to
those Powers. The withholding of necessary
supplies that must be obtained from abroad
mav result in great inconvenience and perhaps
suffering to the dependent nation, aud when
receiving those supplies it may have to pay
such a price as will keep it in perpetual pov-
erty. Ireland and Turkey depend upon foreign
nations for their manufactured articles and are
poor and in the lowest stages-of degradation;
while Belgium, France, and England encourage
the industry of their people and are rich and
strong.
In encouragement to our own manufactures
by protective duties, while we afford occupa-
tion to our mechanics, artisans, and laborers,
we at the same time furnish a market to the
farmer for the surplus produce of his farm and
garden ; but if by a low scale of duties weabow
foreign goods to come in and drive our manu-
facturers from the market we extinguish our
furnace fires, we si op the collieries that supply
them, we close our rolling-mills and cotton and
woolen manufactories, we take from our farm-
ers a market for their surplus produce, an
make the workmen, thus thrown out of employ-
ment, competitors with the agriculturists, pro
i i dueers of grain instead of consumers, and the
ij consequence will be that both farmer and man-
i| ufacturer will have no market for the products
il of their induHry. It is idle to hope that we
