1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
the law of 1860; showing that the mode of
compensation in the old law made it imprac-
ticable at this moment, or, as I said in that
particular connection, rendered it no longer a
working machine; showing that at this date
you cannot obtain competent enumerators at
the price allowed by the old law.
Such were the points to which I called atten-
tion yesterday; and now, as the question is
presented again to-day, allow me to go back to
these propositions; and, first, as to the cost of
the two systems. Under this head I now quote
what I will call the authoritative testimony of
Dr. Hough, well known to have bestowed much
attention upon this subject, and the author of
the lastcensus in the State of New York. Few
among us have had more experience in these
matters, and few bring to them more simpli-
city and earnestness. He says as follows:
" The total amount appropriated for the census of I
1860, not including the cost of printing the report,
(but adding the sum yet due and unpaid in the
southern States,) was a little over two millions. Add
twenty-seven per cent, for growth, and the necessary
addition for advanced prices of labor and materials,
or double the foregoing, and then add twenty per
cent, for the additional labor of enumerating and
classifying a nation composed entirely of freemen,
and we have an aggregate amounting, to $6,096,000 as
the inevitablecost of taking and working up acensus
upon the plan of the schedules of 1850, modified as
the Constitution requires, and adapted to the exist-
ing prices of labor.
These are not my words; this is not my tes-
timony. Words and testimony are from an
acknowledged expert, whose life is identified
with statistical inquiries. From him we learn
that the law of 1850 cannot now be put in exe-
cution at less cost than $6,000,000 and upward.
.Even the Senator from New York has not
argued that the proposed measure will require
any such very large expenditure. Bat I do not
insist that the latter can be put in execution at
less cost than the old law. It is enough if I
show that it can be put in execution at equal
cost. This, sir, is my answer to a part of the
argument'of the Senator on cost. When he
complains of the expense of the proposed
measure, I reply that the Senator is mistaken.
He has behind him, I know, excellent author-
ity, but he will not venture to suggest that the
gentleman on whom he leans is entitled to
more credit than the eminent statistician of his
own State from whom I have quoted.
The Senator, in his attempt to show the
cost of the proposed census, held up the pos-
sible expenditure on account of blaiiks. Bran-
dishing a blank before you, he argued that
other blanks similar in character could not be
distributed except at a cost larger than that
for similar service under the old law. On this
point I do not claim anything myself. Again
I rely upon authority. I hold in my hand a
carefully prepared estimate by Dr. Hough,
whose name I mention in this connection
because he desires to stake his reputation as a
statistician upon these estimates. From these
it appears that the cost of the blanks under
the old law, if applied to our times, would be
greater than that under the proposed law. I
have the estimates beforo me, entitled as
-follows :
Eatimatea for blank  under the law of 1850 in eompari-
* ton with ettimatea under the Houte bill.
For blanks at the rate used in 1850, (3,000 reams
weighing 100 tons, as stated in census report of 1850,
page 6, allowing seventy-two and one half per cent,
for growth of oountry,) there will be used 5,175 reams,
weighing 172 tons, of which the present value is
$33,766 87.
for blanks at the rate used in 1860, (2,554 reams, as
per Printer's books, allowing twenty-seven per cent,
for growth.) to be used, 3,249 reams, weighing 48 tons,
of which the present vaiue is $21,204 23.
Note.—In both of the above estimates the blanks
of 1850 are supposed to be used for 1870.
These are the estimates under the old law.
The estimates under the House bill are as
follows, and you will be good enough to mark
the difference:
First estimate: For the four principal blanks, (pop-
ulation, agriculture, manufactures, and trade,) using
the sohedules of the House bill in all their variety
and in fullest extent, 7,530 reams, weighing 113 tons,
of which the present "alue is $49,525 53.
Second estimate: Same as first, excepting that
householders' schedules are to be dispensed with in
half of the returns, and the enumeration in that halt
made in the old way, requiring 5.670 reamSjWeighmg
85 tons, of which the present value is $36,998 06.
Third estimate: Using householders' schedules tor
half the population and direct enumeration in every-
thing else, it will require 3,964 reams, weighing 59
tons, of which the present value is $25,868 17.
Fourth estimate: Using the House bill schedules
and direct enumeration in everything, 2,040 reams,
weighing 30 tons, will be required, of which the
present value is $13,312 04.
Do not fail to note the last final result,
$13,312 04 against $33,706 87 in 1850, and
$21,204 23 in 1860. These are not my esti-
mates; they are the estimates of this eminent
statistical authority, who challenges criticism
as he makes them.
This, sir, is my answer to the argument that
these blanks, which have been treated, if I may
so say, with such levity, at least with so little
respect, will cost so much more under the
House bill than under the old law of 1850.
There is a misapprehension somewhere, and
permit me to say that I do not think it is on the
part of the statistician whose estimates I
adduce.
From the consideration of cost, I pass to the
other question of time. It was argued that, at
the present date, with the short time now be-
fore us, the proposed measure cannot be put
into operation; that there is not time enough.
To that assumption I replied yesterday, that
experienced authorities assert directly the con-
trary. According to them the bill can be put
in operation in the time now before us. Nor
can I doubt it. I turn to the old law of 1850,
and find that it found its place in the Statute-
book as late as May 23d. We are now in the
month of February, and should we adopt the
House bill or some propeir substitute speedily,
there would be more time to put it in opera-
tion than there was in 1850. What was done
beginning late in the season can be accom-
plished early now.
In support of this conclusion. I present an
illustration, if not an authority, which must be
interesting to the Senate. It is a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury which has been put
into my hands this morning, where he relates
how the Internal Revenue Bureau, of which
you remember he was the first Commissioner,
was put into operation; how promptly it was
done, and even how it was perfected in the
briefest period. I send the letter to the Sec-
retary's desk and ask to have it read:
The Secretary read the following letter:
Teeasury Department, February 4,1870.
Sib; I have not time to make a complete answer
to the inquiry contained in your favor of the 1st
instant in relation to the organization of the Internal
Revenue Office; but the circumstances which I can
at once recall with exactness I am very happy to lay
before you,
I was at. Cairo, Illinois, in the service of the War
Department when Congress passed the aot establish-
ing the internal revenue system, July, 1862. Upon
receipt of information by telegraph from Secretary
Chase that I had been appointed Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, I came to Washington, and en-
tered upon the duties of that office on the 16th day of
that month.
I had not then read the act, nor had I any knowl-
edge of its character. I was also wholly ignorant of
the English system and of the internal revenue sys-
tem of the United States during the war of 1812. My
first business was to read the act of Congress; then
upon a second reading to note the various blank
forms that would be necessary to enable the officers
to be appointed under it to carry its provisions into
execution.
On the second day of my service one clerk was
detailed from theTreasury Department to assist me;
and on the third day a second elerk; and from that
time forward the number was rabidlyjnoreased, until
in the month of March following, when I left the
officc, the whole number of clerks and employes in
Washington and in the oountry at large numbered,
I think, between four and six thousand.
The general provisions of the act went into effect
on the 1st of September, and that part of the system
relating to stamps on the 1st of October, 1862.
Previous to the 1st of September we prepared the
blanks to the number of more than fifty; the neces-
sary books for the assessors and assistant assessors,
collectors and deputy collectors; divided the coun-
try into districts; received and considered the appli-
cations for office; appointed an assessor and collector
in each district; prepared a system of book-Keeping
for the entire office; and framed instructions to the
officers as to the nature and extent of their duties.
By the 1st of October a portion of the stamps were
prepared and ready for sale and use. and by the 15th
or 20th of October the office in Washington and
throughout the country was substantially organized
and in successful operation, as it exists at the pres-
ent time, subject to such alterations as experience
has demonstrated to be wise, and as the changes
made in the law have rendered necessary.
It was also during the same period that I consid-
ered and decided many hundreds, I may siy thou-
sands, of legal questions, raised by the officers and
by persons liable to taxation upon the meaning and
construction of the law. —
I have not the means at command to go more into
detail; but I may say in one sentence that the Inter-
nal Revenue Office as it existed on the 1st day of
January, 1863, was the most extensive system of
administration which has ever been organized, as far
as I know, within so brief a period of time. Depart-
ments generally in our Government, as in all others,
have grown up from small beginnings, while as a
matter of fact the Internal Revenue Office alone, on
the 1st of January, 1863, was in itself more extensive
than the whole Treasury Department had ever been
previous to the opening of the rebellion.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
Mr. SUMNER. Such is the testimony of a
competent person as to the ease with which a
great machine requiring a very large number
of agents was put into the most active opera-
tion. Two months sufficed to complete that
great work. And now shall we be told that
the much easier process of taking a census
cannot be organized in the time before us—
being the period between this date and the
month of June or July or August, whatever
time may be finally selected for taking the cen-
sus? If the Internal Revenue Bureau could
be set in motion as completely as we know it
was in that brief period, how much easier could
the proposed census be set in motion? There-
fore, when it is said on the other side that the
House bill cannot be put in execution during the
period now before us, I reply that this is a mis-
take, fit companion to other mistakes in the
i • attempt to bolster up the old law.
I am now brought to another feature of the
| House bill on which I remarked yesterday,
11 and that is the mode of compensation provided
! for the enumerators. I have already observed
i that most accurate and careful calculations
; revealed the carious facts that by the pro rata
; and ultra mathematical mode of compensation
; adopted by the old law the average pay of an
enumerator would be $1 89 a day. The esti-
mates on which this conclusion was founded
will be found in the Globe to-day, and I invite
attention to them. There they are. They show,
completely and unanswerably, that if the old
law goes into operation you must find your
enumerators at the rate of $1 89 a day. Can
you do it? Is it not an absolute impossibility;
is it not an absurdity to imagine that yon can
find competent men atany such price? In put-
ting this question I answer it. It is impossible,
it is absurd to imagine that you can find any
11 persons at that price competent for the work.
, Therefore I make bold to say that the old law
of1850, which it is now proposed to Bet in motion
again, is not a working machine. It will not
run. You cannot do the work with it which is
required in taking a census. You may set it in
motion,but you cannot find the agents required.
Without some intervention of Congress or some
additional allowance the machine must stop.
Sir, I do not say this; the figures say it. It
is the figures that testify. They show that
under the old law, as executed in 1850 and
1860, an enumerator could not receive more
| than $1 89 a day. Will you undertake to set
; this important system in motion providing only
such petty compensation? To do so, is to
doom the census to wreck. It cannot suc-
ceed ; it will founder at once, through incom-
petent hands, even if you get any hands to
conduct it. I ask the serious attention of the
! Senate to this consideration, for to my mind
| it is unanswerable. Remember that yon are
now to decide on the old law of 1850 without
j amendment. Yon are to take this old law as
it stands on the statute-book, unaltered, with-
out any adaptation to change of price or of
value, take it just as it is, with the pay of $1 89
per diem for the agents you employ. Is the
old law practical? Is it possible? Can yon
