2992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
No «hjeotion was made-, and accordingly the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
781, making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending Jane 80, 1871, were
taken from the Speaker's table, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations
a joint resolution, for consideration at this
time.
. Mr. INGERSOLL. I reserve ray light to
object.
The SPE AKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which it will be in order to object
to its introduction at this time. _ _
The title of the joint resolution was "A joint
resolution to amend the actof April 20,1870."
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the first proviso in the act approved
April 20,1870, (which prescribes the conditions
underwhichthedisbursement of the appropria-
tions therein contained for defraying expenses
incurred in carrying into effect the-act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States shall be made,) shall not be held to apply
to accounts for services rendered or for sup-
plies furnished under regulations or orders
issued by the respective commanders of the
several military districts,, under the-authority
of the seventh section of the act of March 23,
1867, and which accounts have been duly cer-
tified and audited, and have been approved,
and the payment ordered by said commanders.
Mr. BENJAMIN. £ object.
F<m-BKA,^[SG ANIMALS' IS ALASKA.
Mr, DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. IK No. 1884) to prevent the
extermination of.fur-bearing animals in Alaska
and to regulate the fur-seal trade at the islands
of St. George and St. Paul, in the territory of
Alaska; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I move that this substitute
reported by the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Dixox] for the bill (S. No. 32) to pre-
vent the extermination of fur-bearing animals
in Alaska be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a petition on this subject from citizens
of San Francisco.
The SPEAKER. A petition can be pre-
sented, under'the rules, at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to have this
read in open House as explaining the position
of my colleagues and myself on this question.
The SPEAKER. That would be in the nature
of debate, and would be.proper when the bill
shall come before the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to have it
read at this time.
The 8PEA.KBR. It can be done by unan-
imous consent.
Several members objected.
TRRAS0RY DBVARTMBNT 8PBCTAE AGENTS.
Mr. ALLISQN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the. morning hour now begins, and
the first business in order is reports of a.pub-
lic nature from;the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Several committees having been called with-
out presenting any reports,
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee on
Retrenchment, reported back, with a sub-
stitute, a bill (H. R. No. 902) limiting the
appointment of certain officersin the Treasury
Department.
The first section of the substitute authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint special
agents, not exceeding fifty-three in number at
any one time, for the purpose of making the
examinations of the books, papers, and accounts
of collectors and other officers of the customs
required to be made pursuant to the provis-
ions of thie twenty-first section of an act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage, approved March 2, 1799, and to be
employed generally under the direction of said
Secretary in the prevention and detection of
frauds on the customs revenue ; and the ex-
pense thereof is to be charged to the " appro-
priation to defray the expense of collecting the
revenue from customs."
j The second section provides that these spe-
cial agents shall be divided into three classes.
The first class is to consist of nineteen agents,
: two of whom shall each receive in addition to
1 the expenses necessarily and actually incurred
by them a compensation of ten dollars per
day, and seventeen of whom are to receive in
addition to expenses necessarily and actually
incurred by them a compensation of eight dol-
| lars per day. The second class is to consist
i of sixteen agents, each of whom shall receive
I in addition to expenses necessarily and actually
j incurred by him a compensation of six dollars
I per day. The third class is to consist of eiglit-
j een agents, each of whom shall receive in
j addition to expenses necessarily and actually
j incurred, by him a compensation of five dollars
i per day. The Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to make such rules and regulations,
not inconsistent with law, for the government
of these special agents as he may deem expe-
dient and necessary. But no sum is to be paid
to any such agents as mileage.
The third section provides that.no special
agent in addition to the number authorized by
this act shall be hereafter appointed or em-
ployed upon any busiuess relating to the cus-
toms revenue.
Mr. CULLOM. I did not understand dis-
tinctly the reading of this bill. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. W elker]
whether the bill has reference entirely to the
customs revenue, or whether it refers also to
the internal revenue ?
Mr. WELKER. In answer to the gentle-
man's inquiry I will:state that it applies, only
to the customs revenue. It does not interfere
at all with the internal- rev-enue service.
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to inquire further
whether the bill proposes to Create new or
additional offices, or whether it simply regu-
lates the appointment of sueh officera in the
customs.revenue service as we have already?
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, perhaps it
may be well for me to make a brief explana-
tion of the bill, and if afterward gentlemen
have any suggestions to make or amendments
to offer I shall be very glad to hear them; or
if not, I shall demand the previous question.
This bill has reference entirely to agents
appointed by the Treasury Department in con-
nection with the ailatoms r eve rule. The- sub-
stitute is precisely the same as tbatwhichwas
reported by the Committee on Revision of the
Laws a week or two ago and referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. Speaker, there is a necessity for a bill
of this kind; for under the present practice
in the Treasury Department there is no. lina?
itation by any existing law to the number of
special agents that may. be employed in the
revenue service connected with the customs.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fer-
riss,] in his remarks the other da*, stated to
the House the condition of the law on this
subject. I beg leave to read a paragraph from
his remarks:
"In the law of 1799. which organizes the customs
lectors, naval officers, and surveyors, there is a clause
which requires that the books, papers, and accounts
of these officers shall be at alltime# open to the in-
spection of some person appointed for that purpose.
It is under that clause, and the implied authority
there given, that all of these officers now known
as social agents of the Treasury Department are
appointed."
This general provision of the law of 1799 is
the only authority under which these Treasury
agents have heretofore been appointed. The
Committee on Retrenchment, as well as the
Committee on Revision of the Laws, have
thought there ought to be some limit iixed by
law as to the appointment of these Treasury
agents. Under the practice of the Government
heretofore the Secretary of the Treasury has
appointed as many of them as he thought
proper to appoint. And under that practice
at many times this power under that old law
has been very much abused by the Secretaries
of the Treasury in appointing more agents than
were really necessary for that purpose.
Mr. CULLOM. Does the law allow the
Secretary to appoint as many as he pleases?
Mr. WELKER. Not this one.
Mr. CULLOM. The old law?
Mr. WELKER. The old law allowed him
to appoint as many as lie pleased. The law
itself never contemplated the appointment of
agents for general purposes outside of the in-
vestigation of the books and papers of the
custom-houses of the country; but under that
authority the Secretaries have adopted a prac-
tice of appointing general agents to look into
the.collection of customs in the different ports
of the country. It was stated by the gentle-
man from. New York, [Mr. Femiiss,] on the
Committee on Revision of the Laws, that under
the practice of the Government at one time
that appointing power had been so far abused
as that onesingle Senator had as many as seven-
teen of these revenue agents.
On the 4th of March, I860, there had been
appointed, and were then in office under this
general power, seventy-nine of these agents.
We propose to limit their number in this bill
to fifty-three. On the 1st of last February
there were appointed t nd in office of this class
of agents fifty-four i« all. This bill limits
them to fifty-three; and we have been informed
bv the Secretary of the Treasury that the num-
ber specified in this bill is the lowest number
with which, with safety totlie interests of the
Government, he can get along in the adminis-
tration of his Department- in connection with
the customs. This bill provides a compensa-
tion for these different agents. It grades them
into three- classes and fixes the compensation
of each grade. The old law under which these
agents have heretofore been appointed left the
compensation entirely at the discretion-of the
Secretary of the Treasury. So that under that
discretion the compensation of those agents
has ranged from $5,000 a year- down to four
dollars a day and expenses. If this bill is
passed there will be three Classes of agents:
j first class, two at ten dollars a day and seven-
i teen at eight dollars a day; second class, six-
teen at six dollars a day ;■ and the thir£ class,
! eighteen at five dollars a day, with expenses,
i On the 4th of March, 1869, the compensa-
; tion per day of these seventy-nine agents of
! the Treasury amounted to; $447, and the ex-
• penses of these agents ran up to $160 per
■ day, making $600 per day in all. Under the
present bill the daily compensation of these
agents will be $342, and adding expenses,
$150, will make $492 in all. The Secretary
of the Treasury has, in the time he has been
in power, reduced the expenses of these Treas-
ury agents to about five hundred dollars a day.
The bill does not increase the expenses of the
Government, for the number of agents pro-
posed, to-be-authorized .are those now in office.
It rather diminishes the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. The Secretary tells us in his report:
"Special agents of the Treasury Department have
been employed and recognised by law almost from
tile organization of the Government. The extent
sion of the territory of the United States, the increase
of its commerce, and the high rate of duties furnish-
ing a temptation to smugglers, have rendered the
services of special scents or inspectors of customs
indispensable* to the collection of the revenues.
There can be no doubt, I think, that in the aggre-
gate the resolt of their services is a saving, directly
and indirectly, to the Treasury of many million
dollars annually."
In the actual practice of the collection of
the customs revenue of the country it has been
found by all administrations indispensable that
this class of agents should be employed. The
