1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
do the work you desire under it ? Sir, I can-
not err when I say that the law is not practi-
cal • that it is not possible; that you cannot
do the work you desire under it.
On this point Dr. Hough, the authority
whom I hare cited more than once, says:
" The amendment reported by the chairman of the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws provides for
no in create whatever upon the old rate*. At this 1 ate day
the marshals must organize their districts, and hunt
bp men willing to accept the duties of a laborious
office pay their own expenses, and work oftentimes
for much less money than they will be oblised to pay
out for their subsistence when away from home."
Bat, sir, this is not the only objection to the
mode of compensation in the old law. Our
eminent mathematical authority, Professor
Pierce, who is at the head of the Coast Survey,
gives his testimony, as follows:
"The rule which has been adopted for the com-
pensation of officers for the taking of the census
does notappear to me to have any sound foundation
in reason, and to be obviously inconsistent with fact.
It might easily be perverted to false uses, and I
should regard it as wiser and safer to introduce a
system of compensation which was made dependent
upon the good judgment and experience of faithful
and intelligent supervision."
Again I say, it is not I who speak; it is this
eminent mathematical authority who thus gives
judgment on the mathematical part of the old
law. I content myself with following the guide
whom I have long honored as professor and
cherished as friend.
But this mode of compensation is open to
still another objection, inasmuch as it furnishes
opportunities for fraud which cannot arise
under the Honse bill. In large cities unscru-
pulous persons serving as enumerators might
insert fictitious entries without risk of detec-
tion. There is much reason to believe that this
was done in large measure in the South, espe-
cially with reference to the number of slaves.
In our northern cities glaring instances of
fraudulent returns may be cited. Not half of
the names of the adult male persons reported
from the first ward of New York in 1860 can
befoond in the City Directory of that year; and
in this examination the names of boatmen and
sailors were not taken into account as they
might probably not be expected in theDirectory.
The first ward includes the lower part of New
York city, the part south of Liberty street. In
this part population has been gradually giving
place to trade and commerce for many years,
and a true exhibit of numbers would show a
steady falling off.
But contrast the returns of the census since
1846 as taken alternately by the State author-
ity under a per diem allowance like that of the
House bill, and the law of 1850 which allows
two cents per capita. Thus was a double wrong
perpetrated. The assistant marshals were paid
moneys they had never earned, and the rights
of other States and other parts of that State were
violated by an allowance of the u ndue weight of
representation to the city of New York. The
fraud was vastly more easy of execution than
are election frauds, because in that case there
is at least a pretended scrutiny of the registra-
tion lists, while in the census there was none.
The mischief once done lasts for a whole decade
and affects the results of five congressional elec-
tions, to say nothing of the presidential election
itself.^ That the old law should afford such
facilities for fraud is another reason against it.
On these grounds, sir, I object to the mode
of compensation under the old law: first, as
absolutely impracticable; and, secondly, as
tarnishing opportunity for frau d. Are not rea-
sons like these sufficient? Can you ask more ?
Am I not justified in saying that a law which
has sueh a pivot is not a working machine ?
I am brought, then, to the consideration of
the agents to be employed. Under the old
system, from the beginning of the Government,
they have been marshals. When the Senate
adjourned yesterday I was reading the testi-
mony of others to show that there was nothing
m the service marshals had rendered in the
past which especially recommended them for
this work in the future. I read the strong lan-
41st Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 70.
gnageof Mr. Snow, of Rhode Island, on whom
the Senator from New York relies so confi-
dently, where he says:
"The plan in past censuses of committing the
charge of the census in the several States to the
United States marshals has nothing whatever to rec-
ommend it."
I will not read more. You may remember
the rest, as I read it yesterday. There is also
other testimony from an excellent person who
has devoted many years of life to most con-
scientious and sympathetic study of the census
and the questions associated with it. I mean
Dr. Jarvis, of Massachusetts, from whom I will
read a very brief passage:
" The plan in past censuses to oommit the charge
of the census in the several States to the United
States marshals has nothing whatever to recommend
it. It is certain, and is certainly known beforehand,
that not one in fifty of these officers has any practical
knowledge of the subject, or any special qualifica-
tions for the service required."
Did time allow I would also read to you from
Dr. Hough, who testifies in still stronger terms
against marshals. But have I not read enough?
As I proceed in this consideration of the old
law, I am brought to another important ques-
tion. It is as to the time which shall be allowed
for taking the census. Under the old law it
is about five months; under the new law it is
only one month. The experience of statisti-
cians in Europe is that a census should be taken
in the shortest possible tim<3; and the disposi-
tion there is to require it to be taken on the
same day everywhere throughout the country,
so that the report shall testify to the condition
of the people and of the country at a precise
date. Considering the vastness of our country,
the immense spaces which belong to us, I make
no such recommendation. I am not disposed
to believe that it would be practicable^ although
I confess that to my mind this is an important
object, which, if possible, should be accom-
plished. I am advised, however, that it is not
possible, and my own judgment, so far as I am
entitled to have one, has brought me to the
same conclusion.
Bat, sir, that is no reason why I should fall
back on the old law which allows five months,
over which the taking of the census, to linger,
and to straggle, proceeding day by day with
laggard step, so that the census in one part of
the country may represent the condition of
things at one day and in another part of the
cotmtry at another day. Here is nothing of
the precision of science, nothing of that ac-
curacy of result which, if I may so say, is the
longing of science.
Sir, it is practicable to take our census in
one month.. By reducing the size of enumer-
ation districts and selecting an enumerator in
each acquainted with the population and busi-
ness to be reported, the task may be simplified
to the greatest attainable degree; and the ex-
perience of State censuses recently taken in the
years intermediate with those of our national
census is entirely favorable to the theory that
an enumeration of this kind may be made within
one or at the most within two months. As I have
already said, the law of 1850 allows five months.
Changes of residence may often occur within
this period, and the uncertainty increases as
we approach the end of the labor and depend
upon the statements of persons who have not
charged their memories with the facts and dates
required, and who would be quite liable to
give erroneous returns.
Am I wrong when I object to the old law as
establishing the period of five months ? Is not
this a strong objection, especially in the light
of modern science ? Is it not a sufficient ob-
jection, if no other were of avail? I present
it only as one of many. It is one of many
reasons why the Senate should not now fall
back upon the old law. It is one of many
reasons why that old law is not adapted to the
time.
I am now brought to still another feature of
the old law, which is the system of taking the
answers by the enumerators or agents without
previous schedules. The House bill has been
much criticised in this particular; but I insist
that this is one of its strongest points. In this
respect the old law is defective. The way is
left open to looseness, to decision almost by
guess, so that iu many cases the return must
be little more than a series of guesses. The
agent called on a given day and took down the
answers from the person who happened to be
at home; it might a child or a domestic,
knowing very little of the questions proposed.
Such answers were necessarily vague and un-
certain. They had not the positiveness re-
quired in a census.
Do you remember the story of the Emperor
Heliogabalus iu ancient Rome? He, too, took
a census, and, as the story goes, determined
the population of Rome by measuring the cob-
webs. 1 have sometimes thought that the
returps undetr the old census were little better
than the cobwebs measured by the Roman
emperor. In many cases they were little more
than an aggregation of guesses, an accumula-
tion of uncertainties. But instead of any such
looseness, it is now proposed to leave at every
house, everywhere in the land broadcast, a
series of schedules distributed in advance,
which the family shall fill up; but the family
failing, it will be the duty of the enumerator
calling for them to see that the work is done.
This is the requirement, I may say, of modern
science. It is a just precaution to secure accu-
racy in the census. Intakes these answers out
of the category of ehance and places them surely
under the safeguard of precise statement. When
I cite in favor of this system, Mr. Snow, of
Rhode Island, I believe the Senator from New
York will not dispute the authority. Repeat-
edly in his remarks he relied upon him. I only
ask now that he shall hearken to him on this
point. The letter is dated the 21st of June,
1869:
" I am glad the prior ichtdule is adopted. I think
iqy position op that point was plainly understood as
I told you. I acknowledged the advantages of tin
prior schedule, and even urged them on the Hovsesah-
Committee on the Census, but stated that, in my
opinion, in praotioe the greater portion of them
would not be filled out, and many more would be
filled out incorrectly, so that it was doubtful if the
advantages in practice would equal the expense.
One of the committee said he oared nothing about
the expense. 'Then,' said I,' you had better have the
prior schedulet by all meant, at they would be a great
benefit, and the question of expense is the only objec-
tion.' "
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Sen-
ator bids me hearken to that authority, may I
inquire on which side he reads it?
Mr. SUMNER. I read it for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. But as supporting which
side?
Mr. SUMNER. I read it for the informa-
tion of the Senate. It will be for the Senate
to apply it. To my mind, the conclusion is
very easy. The testimony is positive to the
advantageof the prior schedule. But Mr. Snow
proceeds to recognize the difficulties in its
employment, whicn he states succinctly and
strongly, and adding to these the expense, then
concludes:
'"You had better have the prior schedule* by all
means, as they would be. a great benefit, and the
question of expense is the only objection.
As the Senator has adduced the authority of
Mr. Snow, and I know leans upon him con*
stantly, I read it as his testimony that the prior
schedules would be a great benefit, and that
the question of expense is the only objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Senator will
allow me, observing Jbis injunction to hearken
to the authority and his invitation to apply it
as best I may, I understand it to be this, and
no more, taking the two letters of Dr. Snow
together s in order to recommend as of any
use the preliminary distribution of any schedule
at all, without saying which one, he is com-
pelled to discard expense as an element of
consideration; and when he comes to the partic-
ular schedule we are considering, then, with or
without expense, he says the result would be
pernicious, and that only. That i* what tbWP
