187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
2993
object of this bill is to limit the number, and
in the second place to limit the compensation,
first, so as to know exactly how many may be
appointed, aud at what compensation they are
to be paid.
I presume, Mr. Speaker, I need not say
anything iu addition in reference to the neces-
sity of the appointment of these agents who
we are told are indispensable in the language
ot' the Secretary of the Treasury. The pur-
pose of thia bill is to furnish aa many as u ay
be necessary for the execution of the revenue
laws of the country. 1 yield to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Bextojc.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that this bill is in the interest of economy.
Both committees which have had charge of it
have been unanimous, as 1 understand, iu the
opinion that it wouid not only operate favor-
ably upon the efficiency of the service, but that
it would be iu the interest of economy, as has
just been shown by the gentleman who ljas
reported the bill. It is apparent from his
statement that the expenses would be largely
reduced ; the number of officers also being
reduced to fifty-three, which is some twenty or
thirty less than the number of officers under
tiie existing system. It is anticipated also that
a class of officers will be appointed who will be
more capable and efficient, and who will better
serve the interests of the Government. It is
important, as has been shown to the commit-
tee, that a higher class of officers should be
selected especially to look after the interests
of the Government in foreign countries, where
large frauds have been perpetrated against the
Treasury by the introduction of goods in various
ways under false valuations. We want a certain
number of officers to be sent to the places of
importation in foreign countries as well as offi-
cers to be stationed at places where goods are
imported into this country, to look after the
invoices and see that no frauds are committed
on the revenue. And it is expected that under
the provisions of this bill men of high character
and first-class ability shall be selected to fill
the most important of these offices. The com-
pensation is sufficient to secure that class of
officers; and although the compensation has
been in the main reduced, it has been increased
for a certain class of officers for the purpose
of securing men of a higher order of capacity.
For my own part I am somewhat in doubt
whether there is a sufficient number provided. ;
The committee, however, have thought that the
number is sufficient, and we may try the ex-
periment and see whether we cannot get along
with that number in this branch of the public
service; and if it is found necessary after trial
to have a larger number sent abroad an addition
can be made. I have no doubt that the House
will concur with the committee in their views
on this subject. I think this is a bill which
ought to be adopted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
this is a very important bill. In some respects
it is an amendment upon existing practice,
.whether it be an amendment upon the existing
law or not. It seems to reduce the number
of officers who were appointed as detcctives,
and in, that respect I think it is certainly valu-
able. And if officers of the right character be
appointed the bill may be ot service to the
public. I would suggest, however, an amend-
ment for the consideration of the gentleman
who has charge of the bill. In the fifth line,
after the words "at any time," I would insert
the words "for the United States only, or for
Mexico and the British dominions bordering
on the United States." The practice exists
now of selecting certain individuals who desire
lo go abroad and travel in all parts of the world
at the public expense and giving them situa-
tions as detectives and inspectors of revenue.
They go abroad on very small salaries j and
having small salaries, the temptations to which
they are exposed are sometimes irresistible ;
and, so far as my judgment and experience
have extended, they do a great deal more harm
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 188.
to the commerce of the. country than they do
good. I think, therefore, under existing cir-
cumstances it would be wise to limit the ap-
pointment of these detectives to the United
States, or to Mexico, which borders ou the
United States, and that portion of the British
dominions which borders on the United States.
Mr. WELKER, In reply to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] I desire to say
that that subject was thought of and discussed
by the Committee on Retrenchment, and I
believe also by the Committee on Revision of
the Laws. But we are informed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that it is indispensably
necessary that he should send- two of these
agents to Europe. He says that by having
such agents in Europe he can prevent a large
amount of frauds upon the Government. Of
course the Secretary must be vested with a
good deal of discretion in the selection of these
agents, as to the kind of men selected and the
nature of the services to which he may direct
their attention. In the present organization
of the Treasury the country has been divided
into sixteen districts, in each of which author-
ity is given by this bill for the appointment
of a superintendent, with others to assist and
aid hint.in the detection of frauds. .But the
Secretary says that it is important to the inter-
ests of the country that two or three of these
agents should be sent abroad, and in fact, the
Secretary was very anxious that the committee
should authorize the employment of two addi-
tional agents for the purpose of sending them
abroad.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Under what
authority of law are these agents sent abroad ?
Mr. WELKER. Under a section of the law
of 1799.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What author-
ity is given by that law?
Mr. WELKER. A section of the law of
1799 requires the books, papers, and accounts
of these officers to be open to inspection by
some person appointed for that purpose, and
under that clause theae appointments have all
been made. It is a question for serious con-
sideration whether that law authorizes the ap-
pointment of this class of agents at. all; bat it
is a practice that has grown up in the Govern-
ment, and perhaps it is now too late to say that
there, was no authority,for thejappoiateaenvof
these agents, thia bill proposes to legalize
their appointment, to limit their number, and
fix their compensation, and I would prefer that
the amendment indicated by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] should not.be
adopted, but to allow this discretion Still to
rest in the control and power of the person
administering.the Treasury Department..
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I undertake
to say that there is no authority on the part of
the Secretary of the Treasury under the act
to which the gentleman refers to send these
agents ab*oad* aor is it necessary to send them
abroad, because we have, our ministers pleni-
potentiary or ;wq have our diplomatic agents
in all the commercial towns of importance
throughout Europe who ar.e responsible men,
or ought to be responsible mep* who are con-
firmed, by the Senate of the United States,
and upon them the Secretary of the. Treasury
ought to rely for the detection of frauds, and
not upon irresponsible men appointed as
agents. Now, the facts are these; these agents
who are sent to Europe, and who have small
salaries, spend double and treble their salaries,
and sometimes four, five, and six times the
Amount. The temptations to which they are
exposed are irresistible unless they are won-
derfully honest men, and so far as my observa*-
tion goes, so far from doing any good they
lead to frauds. The consular authorities of
the United States, relying upon these detect-
ives who are stationed throughout all Europe,
pay little or no attention to the invoices of
goods that are made abroad, and the conse-
quence is that these two or three agents are
supposed to gnard Europe from the bay of
Naples to the sea of Okhotsk, while the con-
sular authorities give little or no attention to
the matter. The true and proper way to watch
the course of commerce abroad is to vest the
consular officers with that authority, and to
rely solely upon them. I have no doubt that
in that way, under proper instructions from
the Secretary of the Treasury, and without any
of these detectives traveling all over Europe
subject to all sorts of temptations, the Treas-
ury would be far better .served than it is now
by two or three traveling detectives.
Mr. WELKER. One word in reply to the
suggestion made by the gentleman from New
York. A mere statement of the duties which
will be required of these special agents travel-
ing in Europe will show the necessity of their
being employed by the Government. > Under
: our law the duties to be imposed at the ccstom-
houses of our country very much depend upon
the market value of the articles that are ex-
ported abroad to this country, and it would be
perfectly impossible for our consular agents,
> who are not supposed to be experts in relation
to the prices of any of these articles, or scarcely
any of them, to be able to fnrnish that class of
information to the custom-houses in order to
detect frauds as to the market value of articles
imported into this country. Now, the agents
who are selected by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury are men familiar with that class of duties;
they are experts in the market value of articles
| in Europe. They are men trained for that pur-
! pose. In a recent investigation of affairs in
the custom-house in New York I ascertained
: the great importance of having men connected
with this branch of the service who were edu-
• cated to the duties and experts in the duties
assigned them. These agents will be neces-
■ sarily selected by the Secretary of the Treasury
! with ft view to their capacity, in order to have
correct information at the custom-houses; and
if we were to depend entirely upon onr consular
! force for that duty great frauds would neces-
sarily be practiced on the Government.
; '■ Mr. WOODWARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman what was the number of these agents
connected with, the Treasury Department dur-
ing the last quarter of the fiscal year ?
Mr. WELKER. I cannot give the number
by fractions of a year, but on the 1st of Feb-
i ruary last there were fifty-four of these agents
employed. • 
Mr. WOODWARD. In all?
I Mr. WELKEB.; Altogether, in the whole
service of the Government.
Mr. WOODWARD. I offered yesterday a
resolution of inquiry on this subject, which I
believe the House would have agreed to if the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] bad
not objected. It was a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for the names of
those persons.
Mr. WELKER. I wonld suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
that a resolution of that kind was passed by the
House some time ago, and a letter sent to this
House in reply by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in which he declined to givethe names of
these special agents, for the reason that they
were discharging a class of duties in reference
to which it was better that they should'not be
known by the persons with whom they asso-
ciated where they were located; bat ha-gave
! other particulars in regard to them.
Mr. WOODWARD. That shows the import-
ance of the doubt suggested by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] as to taeautbor-
ity of the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint
these agents at all. I am quite disposed to
concur in that doubt adito the meaning of the
act of 1799. The argument is that these agents
are necessary because of their capacity and
skill to detect fraud,. Consular agents abroad
cannot be trusted; ordinary officers at home
cannot be trusted. We must have adepts in
order to detect fraud. . Now, let us know who
these adepts are. We want to take the measure
of tbeso detectives and see who they are and
