1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Juan Island—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
at the State Department, when the British
minister submitted to him the draft of a con-
vention, which, in the language of the protocol,
signed the same day by them both, was the
result of the motives that "had induced her
Majesty's Government to instruct him to make
another proposition to the Government of the
United States for a solution of these long-
existing difficulties."
On the 10th of June President Polk com-
municated this proposition to the Senate for
their consideration. His message also inclosed
the protocol of the 6th.
The first article of this proposed convention,
drawn up by Lord Aberdeen in London, and
thus made known to our minister, Mr. McLane,
on the 17th of May, and transmitted on the 19th
to Mr. Pakenham, is in exactly the same words
as the first article of the treaty signed at Wash-
ington on the 15th of the following June ; so
that the interpretation of it ought to have refer-
ence to Lord Aberdeen's intention at the time
he proposed it.
But before I proceed to the discussion of this
intention, let me eudeavor to show from the
provisions of the treaty itself that this claim
of the British Government is foreclosed and
concluded. The first article of the proposed
convention reads as follows, and, as I have
remarked, is identical in language with the first
article of the treaty:
" Froro Ho point on the forty-nintli parallel of
north lat .do where the boundary laid down in ex-
isting treaties and conventions between Ureat Brit-
ain and the United States terminates, the line of
boundary between the territories of her Britannic
Majesty and those of tho UnitedStDtesshall be con-
tinued westward along the paid forty-ninth parallel
of north latitude to tho middle of thoehanncl which
separates the continent from Vancouver's Inland;
and thence southerly, through the middle of the said
channel and of Fuca's straits, to the Pacific ocean:
Provided, Iwwevt'.r. That the navigation of the wholo
of tho said channel and straits south of the forty-
ninth parallel of north latitude remain free and open
to both parties."
The leading subject of this article is llie
channel which separates the continent from
Vancouver's Island. It was then well known,
ftoui charts and maps which were before Lord
Aberdeen, particularly Vancouver's map, that
east of Vancouver's Island, and between it
and the shore of the main continent, lay a
group of twelve or fifteen islands, forming an
extensive archipelago, which islands were sep-
arated from each other by numerous channels
or straits, such as are common in the geog-
raphy of the world.
These islands lie, and were then known to
lie, between the eastern shore of Vancouver's
Island and the western shore of the continent,
which two shores are upon an average about
fifty miles apart, and the channels are of course
as numerous as the islands. Looking from
the north, and following down through these
numerous channels, they all seem to converge
and unite in the straits of Fuca, which lead
from the north, seeming to drain tho various
channels out around the southern cape of Van-
couver' s Island into the Pacific ocean, drawing
the waters, so to speak, from latitude 49° north,
southwardly, and then westwardly around the
south cape of Vancouver into the open sea
through those straits.
The first article prescribes that that "chan-
nel" shall be followed "which separates tho
continent from Vancouver's Island."
Why was this expression used? The Brit-
ish Government had all along through this
negotiation claimed not only the whole of this
archipelago, but also the whole region of
country to the south of it and north of the
Columbia river.
On this point the correspondence is perfectly
conclusive.
Why did Lord Aberdeen say the "middle
of the channel which separates the continent
from Vancouver's Island?" What other mo-
tive could he have had but to reassert and
keep up the claim to the whole of Vancouver's
Island? This was plainly his sole object. He
could not have intended to claim another
island in that archipelago, or any channel
which would have given him San Juan or any
other of those islands lying east of the middle
of the channel which gave him Vancouver,
because if such had been his intention, he
would have used an expression different from
the one he employed ; he would have said the
channel which separates such and such islands
between the two shores from the continent.
Instead of this, he designates solely the chan-
nel which separates the continent from Van-
couver. Vancouver was the sole object to be
segregated from the territory his Government
had up to that moment claimed. This was
plainly his sole object.
If his object had been different, if it included
other islands than Vancouver and its proper
appendages, he would have used different lan-
guage ; but his designation of Vancouver as a
part of the disputed territory to be left ex-
pressly in tho possession of Great Britain is a
perfectly clear concession to the United States
of all other islands belonging to that archi-
pelago, at^d lying between the continent and
Vancouver.
Tho channel here mentioned is the one
which "separates the continent from Vancou-
ver." The great object is to keep Vancouver,
and to exclude it from the concession about to
be made to the United States. No other chan-
nel but that of De Haro can with any propriety
be said to do this. No channel lying east of
it and east of other islands can be said to sep-
arate the continent from Vancouver. The
language would be wholly inappropriate. The
channel next east of San Juan is " President's
passage;" next east of which is a group of
half a dozen islands irregularly located; and
next east of these is Rosario strait, so called,
running round cast of that group, forming a
sort of semicircle, commencing at the north,
where it forms a part of the Gulf of Georgia,
and stretching around near to the mainland
to the straits of Fuca, but containing many
small islands within itself, and leaving still
more islands between its eastern rim and the
mainland, or continent proper. To speak of
this Rosario strait as separating the conti-
nent from Vancouver's Island is equally ab-
surd ; for precisely the same thing may be
said of half a dozen other channels among the
numerous islands.
The treaty channel has a " middle," and is
connected expressly and by direct terms in the
article with Fuca straits and the Pacific ocean.
The language is, " the middle of said channel
and of Fuca straits;" showing that this "mid-
dle" is one line, though running through two
geographical water communications, the de-
scription of that line, owing to its position,
requiring two forms of expression.
The possession of Vancouver had been a
subject of negotiation between tho two Powers
for some time ; but it is to be observed that no
other island east of it had been a subject of
controversy or negotiation at all; indeed not
one word had been said duringthe whole nego-
tiation respecting any otherisland, and it is too
plain for debate, having reference to the corre-
spondence and to this article of the treaty, that
Vancouver was the sole and only territorial
possession to which Great Britain then sought
to adhere south of the forty-ninth degree.
The channel, then, mentioned in this article
must upon every principle of interpretation be
held to be the channel which separates and
segregates to GreatBritain Vancouver's Island.
This channel was at that time well known as
the Canal de Haro, a designation perfectly well
known to navigators and commercial men, as
noted upon the maps and charts of the period.
This channel is but a communication between
the Gulf of Georgia, lying on the northeast side
of Vancouver and leading down south and
southwest into the eastern end of the straits of
Fuca, which lead out into the ocean.
That I am correct in this is demonstrated by
the indubitable fact that in Lord Aberdeen's
dispatch to Mr. Pakenham of the 18th of May,
1846, transmitting his proposed treaty, he says
that the latter is authorized—
"To propose as a boundary line tho forty-ninth
parallel to the sea-coast; thence in asoutherlydirec-
tion through the center of King Georges's sound and
the straits of Fuca to the ocean, thus Riving to Great
Britain the whole of Vancouver's Island and its
harbors."
I should add here that the fact of this dis-
patch containing the particular language hero
recited having been sent by Lord Aberdeen
is proved by the statement contained in tho
letter of Mr. Campbell, the American com-
missioner, to General Cass, Secretary of State,
dated January 20, 1859, in which the commis-
sioner observes that in his then recent per-
sonal interview with Lord Napier, the British
minister at Washington, the latter submitted
it to his perusal, though he declined to furnish
him a copy.
The joint commission carefully explored the
several channels in this archipelago and took
the soundings. While doing this they acted
together and in concert. When, however, they
discovered that it was impossible for them to
agree, each furnished to his Government a
map of the fruits of their operations. The one
furnished by our commissioner, Mr. Campbell,
is now before us in Executive Document No. 2!)
of the second session of the Fortieth Congress;
a document of the greatest importance, con-
taining the latest expression of opinion by our
own Government on this subject, particularly
the able and patriotic dispatch of General
Cass to Mr. Dallas, our minister to London,
of the 20th October, 1859.
Now, by looking upon this map it will be
easily seen that the straits of llaro unite the
Gulf of Georgia with the straits of Fuca,
through the narrow passage that lies between
the little promontory on the east end of Java
Island, known as EastPoint, and Patos Island,
which is about live miles directly to the east
of East Point. In this narrow passage the water
is deeper than at any spot north or east of it,
and there it is absorbed into and joins the
straits of Haro, which grow deeper and deeper
as you pass down southwesterly into the straits
of Fuca, the depth in this narrow passage being
from one hundred and five to one hundred and
fifteen fathoms. The head of Rosario straits, or
as anciently known Vancouver's straits or chan-
nel, is properly and geographically directly
east of this narrow passage; and the fact is an
important one for the ascertainment of the
true channel called for by the treaty, that at
this head of Rosario straits the water is only
eighty-eight or ninety fathoms deep, andgrows
more and more shoal southwardly irom that
point and very soon dwindles to a depth ol only
sixty and fifty. This shows that the main chan-
nel is that which passes from the Gulf of Geor-
gia through that narrow passage into Haro
straits, leaving San Juan to the east of it.
Again, the depth of water in fathoms, accord '
ing to actual soundings, from the point where
the British or Rosario line of channel cuts the
forty-ninth degree of latitude, southeasterly
along that line to a point directly east of Patos
Island, is as follows: 118, 102, 82, 60, 71, 72,
80, 115, 105, 116, 107, 90, 96, 100, 97, 87, 87,
09; which give an average depth along this part
of the Rosario line of ninety-three fathoms.
But the depth of water, according to like
soundings, from the point where the forty-ninth
degree cuts the line of deepest channel in the
Gulf of Georgia, (which point is about live
miles west from where the Itosario line cuts
the parallel of forty-nine degrees,) down to the
east and west line, passing from East^Pomt
across to Patos Island, is as follows: 187, 168,
