1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOE®}.
3937
quarters, and it is believed that some remedy
ought to be applied. I do not think that in-
stitutions that are permitted to charge a rate
of interest on their loans higher than the rate
provided under the general law of the State in
which they are situated should have this ex-
ception made in their favor. They are already
highly favored, too highly favored as com-
pared with Slate banking, private banking,
and national banking institutions within their
borders. They ought not to be further favored
by a provision that none of their deposits shall
pay a tax. I have therefore moved this amend-
ment that this provision shall apply only to
associations that are not authorized to charge
more interest on loans than the rates provided
by the general law of the States, respectively,
in which they are situated.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not see any occa-
sion for this amendment. It relates to institu-
tions ''doing no other business than receiving
deposits to be loaned or invested for the sole
benefit of the parties making such deposits,
without profit or compensation to the com-
pany." It relates to that benevolent class of
institutions. We have some in Pennsylvania,
and if they are authorized by their special char-
ters of incorporation to receive ten percent, on
their loans it is for the benefit of the depositor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Under the cover
of these names a large amount of business is
done.
Mr. WOODWARD. If any other business
is done, then they do not come within this
proviso.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question wasthen taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and
it was agreed to—ayes seventy-four, noes not
counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to fur-
ther amend this proviso by inserting the words
" loan associations" after the words " known
as provident institutions."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that amendment, for it will be giving to loan
associations this exemption which has not been
given to them heretofore. By the term " loan
associations" this may be held to apply to
banks and banking institutions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose to
insert these words merely because a certain
class of these institutions are known by that
name. They have a double name, "loan in-
stitution" being a part of their title. It will
do no harm.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It will do
a great deal of harm, because it will exempt
them from this tax.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not if they do
no other business.
The amendment moved by Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, was then agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the words 11 or compensation " in the clause
which now reads, "without profit or compensa-
tion to the association or company."
Mr. SCHENCK. I think those words should
be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
aad found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
A bill (H. R. No. 1666) for the relief of
Otis N. Cutler, of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2002)_for the relief of the
officers and crew af the ship Nightingale;
A bill (EI. R. No. 2063) to authorize the
reduction of the width of an alley in square No.
376 in the city of Washington ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal the pre-
amble of an act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April 22,1870;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 2065) to further amend the
law  f the District of Columbia in relation to
41st Cong. 2d Ssss.—No. 247.
judicial proceedings, and to preserve records
of marriages therein.
internal tax bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend the first part
of the paragraph in relation to "keepers of
hotels, inns, or-taverns," so that it will read:
If eepers of hotels, inns, or taverns shall be classified
and rated according to tho yearly rental, or the esti-
mated yearly rental value, of the house and property
intended to be so occupied, as follows, to wit: when
tho rent, or valuation of the yearly rental, of said
house and property shall be $500 or less, and more
than S100, they shall each pay ten dollars; and if
exceedingSojO, for every additional$100 or fractional
part thereof in excess of $500, shall pay three dollars.
I think there will be no objection from any
quarter to that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. That amendment lets off
the very little country taverns. I do not think
there should be any objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the paragraph relating to State banks,
which now reads as follows:
And every national banking association, State
bank, or State banking association, corporation,
company, or person engaged in the business of bank-
ing, shall pay a tax of Leu per cent, on tho amount
of notes of any person. State bank, or Stato banking
association, State, town, city, or other municipal cor-
poration, used lor circulation and paid out by them;
and such tax shall bo assosscd and paid in such man-
ner as shall be prescribed by law and by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
I move to amend by striking out the words
"ten per cent." and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "two and one half of one percent."
The only prohibition of State banks is this tax
on circulation, which for some years past has
been ten per cent, per annum. There was a
case taken up from the State of Maine to the
Supreme Court of the United States and de-
cided this winter—wrongfully, I presume—in
which the court held this tax was constitu-
tional. There was a divided court, and that
opinion was carried by only one majority.
Now, I wish to say wo are craving and starv-
ing for currency in the section where I reside.
We did not go into the national banking system
soon enough to get our'share of it, and the
capitals of Portland, and Boston, and Provi-
dence, and other sections of New England
have almost all of it. In the section of coun-
try where I reside banking capital is much
needed. We did not get it under the national
currency act. We have retained our State
banks to some degree, and they are doing busi-
ness, though not prosperously. They are not
able to issue any circulation to any great extent,
because this tax is prohibitory in its character.
I wish to reduce it to a sum that will make it
a real tax, while at the same time those State
banks may have a chance to live. I believe
two and a half per cent, on their circulation is
high enough. I do not know whether any
proposition can carry in this House, but I feel
myself the conviction that this ought to be
granted. The old banks of Bangor established
fifty or one hundred years ago, which have the
confidence of the whole community, would
willingly give us a circulation, but our legisla-
tion will not let them do it, because of this
prohibitory tax. I trust the House will agree
to my amendment of two and a half per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 rise to oppose the
amendment. Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot allow a
proposition of this kind to be voted on in this
House without entering my protest, and I be-
lieve I might say the united protest of all the
West, which has suffered in years gone by more
than they ever suifered by reason of any char-
acter of currency, from the currency supplied
to us in the past from Bangor, and much more
from Rhode island. After they, had in the East
nominally paid for western produce we found
we had nothing but a picture on apiece of paper
rendered more worthless by the picture being
put on it than if it were entirely blank.
Mr. KELLOGG. What did you take it for ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Because they repre-
sented it had a value according to its face. We
took it for our wheat, and.for our beef, and for
our corn, and for our pork; but in thirty days
it turned out to be absolutely worthless. Why,
sir, in the year 1857, the State of Illinois test
$6,000,000 by "wild-cat" money, not all from
the State of Maine, perhaps none of it from
the State of Maine. I know from the States of
Rhodelsland, Connecticut, and Pennsylvania,
but principally from Rhode Island, we were
flooded with this worthless trash.
Mr. KELLOGG. Wastherenotagreatdeal
of " stump-tail" currency which did not origin-
ate in the East?
Mr. INGERSOLL. We had a great deal
of "stump-tail," and I will tell you how we
got it. Men from the gentleman's own State,
Connecticut, brought their "red-dog" and
" wild-cat " money out there and established
their branch banks in the West. They flooded
us with their paper money, which was little
better than rotten rags. I hope never to see
the day when the State bank system shall be
revived in our midst. I believe that national
banks are preferable to State banks; but tower-
ing above the circulation of State banks or
national banks stand, in my judgment, the
"greenback " notes issued directly by the Gov-
ernment.
Now one word in reply to the gentleman
from Maine.
Mr. JUDD rose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no use in my
yielding to my colleague, as he must be on
my side, and if he is not, he must be wrong.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield to my
colleague. The gentleman from Maine says
truly that his constituents are hungry and starv-
ing, and perhaps thirsting for more money.
So are our constituents in the West. I
admit that Rhode Island, Connecticut, and the
moneyed monopolies of Boston and New York
have to a great extent absorbed the national
bank-note circulation and deprived us of the
West of our equitable share. But, sir, there
is but one way, perhaps, now to avoid that and
to give us justice, and that is to give us green-
backs. Let the Government of the United
States issue any amount of greenbacks that are
demanded by the industries of this country,
and then, sir, they will find their way into the
State of Maine, and into the State of Illinois,
and wherever they are wanted, and we will never
require another State bank while this Repub-
lic lasts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Peters's
a'.iendment, to strike out "ten percent.," and
to insert " two and a half percent." as the tax
on the circulation of the State banks ; and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following
amendment:
On page 5, line one hundred, strike out the word
" and," and after the word " banks" insert " savings
institutions and loan associations;" so that the par-
agraph will read:
"And the returns required to be made by such
provident institutions, savings-banks, savings insti-
tutions, and loan associations, shall be made, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. By request, and with the ap-
proval of my own judgment, I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out in line four hundred and four, page 17,
the word "twenty" and insert the word "ten;" so
that tho clause will read:
Proprietors of bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms
shall pay tea dollars for each alley or table.
This amendment, Mr. Speaker, proposes
merely to restore the present rate, which 1
think is sufficient.
The question was put on Mr. Kerr s amend-
ment ; and there were, on a division ayes 50,
noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
