1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
aae^'anW^V1186^ a1^ family., namely: name, sex,
? * OP OCCtlD&t.mn. nnn^ifinn na mn _
riage,
, " occupation, condition as regards mar-
riotinsr u ^1°At?uhead ot family, and Birthplace,
dumb " * whether any were blind, or deaf and
be filled nn Vktr . 'The schedule was to
formation ™n£. !?^,oc<mp,er Wltk t'le requiaito in-
formation concerning every person who abode in the
two letters mean, if they mean anything dis-
cernible on this subject.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no question of two
letters, but of one letter.
Mr. CONKLING. I speak of the one which
I read and the one which the Senator has read
now.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no question of two
letters, but of one letter. I have read a letter.
The Senator yesterday read another letter, and
he now seeks to introduce that other letter to
countervail the letter which I have just read.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, I wonder at the Sen-
ator saying that. He does not understand me.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I try to understand him.
Mr. CONKLING. I simply say that the
letter to which I referred, and which I read, was
written about the House bill in name, with
the House bill before the writer. This letter
of a far earlier date is written in the abstract,
without reference to the particular bill and the
particular schedule. The later letter, speaking
of these, denounces altogether the idea of pre-
liminary distribution. The earlier letter, speak-
ing at large, says, if you discard expense alto-
gether, then leaving a preliminary schedule,
without saying what, if you please, for illustra-
tion, the English schedule, which is left in
advance and contains but nine questions, might
be of some use. That is all.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, Mr. President, if I
said in reply to the Senator that he does not
understand me, I should only repeat what he
says with regard to me. I try to understand
the Senator. I think I do understand him.
I know very well the letter of Dr. Snow quoted
by the Senator. I have read it carefully. There
is no question about its meaning; it :s on the
tables of Senators. I know Dr. Snow now
bears his testimony against prior schedules,
and especially against the schedules in the
House bill. There is no question on this point
between the Senator and myself. This letter,
which I quoted, was adduced to show that as
a statistician he testified to the importance of
a prior schedule. He thought it a good thing,
as it unquestionably is. This is the only ques-
tion I am now considering. As to the sched-
ules in the House bill, which the Senator fol-
lows him in criticising, that is another ques-
tion which I have not yet reached. The imme-
diate question is broader and belongs to sta-
tistical science. Itis simply on the importance
of a prior schedule.
_ Now, I do not wish to exhibit any incon-
sistency of Doctor Snow with himself. I do
not say that there is any inconsistency between
one letter and the other j but I do mean to say
that, in the letter which I have quoted, he
gives his unconditional testimony in favor of
a prior schedule and then concludes by saying
that such a schedule would be of great benefit,
and the question of expense is the only objec-
tion. This is the testimony of Doctor Snow
on the general question of prior schedules.
What is his testimony on the schedules of the
House bill the Senator from New York has
informed us, and to that I may address myself
hereafter. Meanwhile, I stand on his specific
testimony in favor of prior schedules, but the
position needs no such testimony. Reason is
sufficient in its favor.
And now, sir, to reason let me add expe-
rience. In England the system of prior sched-
ules was adopted at the last census, and I have
in my hand an extract from what is called the
'report on the British census of 1861, which I
will read:
• duty of the enumerator was to deliver.
V«ai *course of ">e w.eek Preced ing the 8th of April,
; , ,5v9ry oooupier of a house or tenement a
h'weholder'g tchedule, to be filled up ' by or on
win f„i °.i snon oocupier, under a penalty in case of
J? •.-wir'k, the following particulars re-
house or apartment on the night of Sunday, April
7,. 1861. No member of the family absent on that
night was to be entered, except in the case of per-
sons who were engaged at their usual labor during
the night, and who regularly returned home in the
morning; persons traveling by railways or other-
wise were in like manner to be enumerated at the
hotels or houses at which they might stop on the
following day.
"On Monday, the 8th April, 1861, the enumerators
had to visit every dwelling-house in England and
Wales in order to collect the schedules which they
had left in the course of the week preceding. When
the schedule was already filled up the enumerator
had to see that the entries were made in a proper
manner, and to satisfy himself that the particulars
' were likely to be correct. If, from any cause, the
, schedule was not filled up it was his duty to fill it
up himself from the verbal information of the occu-
i pier or other competent member of the family. He
' was directed in all cases to ascertain carefully that
no person who abode in the house or lodgings on the
previous nightwas omitted, and that no person then
absent was included, except those traveling or out
at work daring that night and who returned home
on the following morning. He was authorized to cor-
rect any schedule which contained manifestly false
particulars. When satisfied of the correctness and
completeness of the entries he noted the receipt of
the schedule on his memorandum-book, in which he
entered also the particulars respecting the number
of houses, inhabited, uninhabited, or building: of
persons who slept in barns, sheds, out-houses, <xc.;
of residents temporarily absent and strangers tem-
porarily present.
," We have thesatisfaction to state that by the effi-
cient exertions of the local officers, aided by the gen-
eral good, will of all classes of the community, the
enumeration was accomplished in a successful man-
ner within the appointed time, and that not a single
instance occurred in which it was found necessary to
adopt proceedings under the penal clauses of the act
of Parliament. Several of the enumerators, who
had acted in the same capacity ten years before, re-
marked that a more intelligent appreciation of the
objects and uses of the inquiry, combined with the ut-
most willingness to furnish the returns, was evinced
by the poorer population; a result which may fairly
be ascribed to the cooperation of the educated and ;
influential classes of society, particularly of the ,
clergy of all denominations, and of public writers 1
in the press." ♦« «•***
"Accordingly, by the end of that month, the '
householder's schedules, amounting to about four 1
million five hundred thousand, tho enumeration '
books, more than thirty-one thousand in number, [
and the various other returns were received here, 1
and on the 7th of June, within two months from the
date of the census, we were enabled to present a pre-
liminary statement of the approximate numbers of
the population and houses enumerated in England
and Wales, and the islands in the British seas, com-
piled from the summaries furnished by the local
officers."
Such, sir, is the experience in England.
Now, I know little of the condition of that
country and of education there if it is not
clear that any system practicable with the
population there would be practicable with
ours. Here is a population more educated,
more enlightened, more addicted to discus-
sion and to the consideration of political, pub-
lic, and social questions, more filled with prac-
tical sense than is the population of any other
country of the globe, much more so than the
peasantry of England or of Wales; and yet,
according to the statement which I have just
read, these prior schedules were distributed
throughout England and Wales with the most
satisfactory result; and this, too, among a pop-
ulation so many of whom could not read or
write. And now, will any Senator say that a
similar distribution cannot be made through-
out our country with an equally satisfactory
result ?
I know that in some parts of our Republic
there are many who do not read or write; but
there are among them others who would be able
to do what they could not do and aid in filling
out the schedules. Then there would be the
enumerator, who sooner or later would appear
with his assisting hand. Surely I am not
wrong if I infer from British experience that
the prior schedules may be filled out; if I infer
that the system is practical.
But the Senator from New York, holding up
one of the broadsides, says—I have his words
before me:
. ask whether a farmer can be expected, taking a
blank schedule like this, [exhibiting a large schedule
to the fcenatej to sit down in advance and write out
personally a family biography, a complicated state-
ment of things, private some of them in their nature,
troublesome in their requirement, in order to realize
the dream of theorists and enthusiasts who seek to
outstrip all other gleaners in their field of statistical
information ?"
This is the inquiry of the Senator, to which
I have two answers. In the first place the
farmer is required to do no such thing. l|e ;g
simply to enter the quantities for which he is
to answer, and to pass over the remainder
without notice. The most simple judgment
can comprehend it. This large schedule, which
the Senator held up so triumphantly before the
| Senate, will not be seen nor even shown to the
j farmer, nor to the enumerator himself, under
| the House bill. So I am informed. This is
! part of my answer. The rest is of a different
character, and I know the Senator cannot ques-
tion it. There is a State in this Union, great
and honored, which the Senator represents on
this floor. I now hold up a schedule of the
New York census, containing as many as one
hundred and twenty-one columns in four pages.
In our schedule we have eighty-three; in New
York there were one hundred and twenty-one.
Dr. Hough, who took the census of New York
authorizes me to say that nobody in New Yorlc
complained of the schedule.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire, does the
Senator intend us to understand that schedule
was left in advance to be filled up by the citi-
zens of New York themselves?
Mr. SUMNER. I was on the point of the
size of the schedules, with the number of the
columns and the extent and variety of inqui-
ries. The Senator having said—I will not
read the remarks again 
Mr. CONKLING. Now the Senator will
allow me to say a word. The point is this: I
commented upon the size, the complication,
and unwieldiness of this schedule, as a thing
to be left in advance with a behest that the
house-holder Bhould fill it up. Thereupon,
commenting upon that, the Senator produces
a schednle which was never used for such a
purpose, but he introduces it in that connec-
tion as an answer to my remark. I submit to
him how cogent and how otherwise it is.
Mr. SUMNER. I do introduce it as an
answer to the Senator's remark. I have already
shown that the Senator misconceives the re-
quirements of the House bill, that the farmer
is simply to enter the quantities for which he
has to answer, and to pass over the remainder
without notice. The farmer is not obliged to
travel through all these columns. The Senator
assumed that he was, and on that assumption,
holding up the broadside, made his confident
answer, to which I reply by holding up another
broadside supplied to me by the taker of the
New York census, with no less than one huu-
dred and twenty-one columns in a schedule of
four pages. Whether left with the farmer or
not, here were the inquiries; and if the answers
could be obtained in New York without com-
plaint, I believe the smaller number of answers
under the House bill can be obtained also with-
out complaint; I would not say without effort,
for nothing worth having in this world is ob-
tained without effort.
Am I wrong, then, in concluding that in the
first place it is desirable to take the census by
the instrumentality of prior schedules, and
then in the second place that such prior sched-
ules, even as you find them in the House bill
with all their details, are practicable ? I be-
lieve that I have demonstrated it. . But here,
again, I remark that my present endeavor is
less to show the practicability of the new
schedules than the impracticability of the old
law, and here I adduce the failure to require
prior schedules.
This is what I have to say on the machinery
of the old law. I call it the machinery; I have
not yet approached the substance : I have not :
yet approached the consideration of the inqui- i
ries and the schedules, where I shall show that ;
there js as great a failure as in the machinery; -
but I insist that I have demonstrated that the ;
machinery of the old law is inadequate. I use
moderate language when I so characterize it. ,
It is insufficient. It will not do the work re-
quired. And yet the report of the committee s
which you are to vote upon requires yon to go
