4882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. W. M. Greenwood,
of Paducah county, Kentucky, has written me
a letter authorizing me to sign his name to a
petition for the removal of his disabilities; but
as he sets forth the merits of his case in his
letter I will file that as a petition for the
removal of his disabilities.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the letter will be received and referred
to the select Committee on the RemovaL of
Disabilities.
Mr. McOREERY presented the petition of
N, B. Stone, (indorsed by Gaukett Davis,
Senator from Kentucky; J. Peoctor Kkott,
Thomas L. Jones, Boyd Winchester, James
B. Beck, William N. Sweexey, Joiii\T M. Rice,
Lawkekce S. Trimble, and Joseph H. Lewis,
Representatives from Kentucky,) praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee oji the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the removal of the income tax; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of soldiers
of the late war from Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of the bill allowing a bounty of $8 33
for each month's service; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a resolution
of the Legislature of South Carolina, request-
ing Congress to sell certain property in Beau-
fort county, in that Stale; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of the lioirs
of W. If. Gibbs, praying indemnification for
depredations committed by French cruisers
prior to the year 1800; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PERRY presented the memorial of the
mayor and aldermen of the city of Savannah,
Georgia, praying an appropriation to reimburse
the city authorities for improving the harbor
of that city and to complete the work; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petitions of
A. N. Finks, of Madison county, Virginia;
of C. B. Smith, of Scott county, Virginia; of
Wilburn Ross and John H. Perkins, of Grayson
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Brunswick, Georgia, praying that pro-
vision be made for holding a court of admiralty
jurisdiction in that city; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a resolution
of the Legislature of the State of New York.
I will not ask to have it read, but I will state
that it relates to the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers, dwelling upon the great
importance of a northern mouth to the Missis-
sippi river for transit from the Mississippi river
at UiejSTorth to the lakes and the oeean. As
a bill on that subject has been reported, I move
that the resolution be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire it to be printed in the Globe in lieu
of being read ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
The resolution is as follows:
Statu of New York, in Re\ \te,
Aliuky, March 22, 1870.
To the hcmornUe the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States v/i Congress assembled:
The memorial of the Legislature uf the State of
He\Y Yorkrcpresonts:
That the project of connecting the Mississippi river
and take Michigan by navigable channels, through
the Wisconsin and i'ox rivcr.-,_ appears to your
inoiaorhilists to be one of groat imooitance to the
country; and that in the prayer of the memoiial in
relation thereto, submitted to Congress by the con-
vent ioii-- which met in Wisconsin, a-tPraiiiedu Chien,
on the 10th of November, 38GS, and at l'ortajre City
oil the 20th day of October, 186'J, your memorialists
most fully concur: Be it, therefore,
Ucshlvcrl, (if the Assembly concur.) That the Gov-
ernor be. and he is lieieby, authorized and lequested
to affix-bis official signature hereto, and forward a
copy of this memorial to the President of the United
States, tho President of the Senate, the Speaker of
the Hoaso of Representatives, and to each of the
Senators and Representatives in Congress of the
United States.
By order of the Senate:
" HIRAM CALKINS, Olerh
.The resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to call up the
bill prohibiting contracts for servile labor, for
the purpose of having some evening this week
assigned for it, I should like to have it as-
signed for Friday night. That will afford
ample time for its examination.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any special
orders until we get rid of the tax bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will insist on an earlier day for that
bill.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will say Wednes-
day evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects, and the resolution to set aside
any evening for the consideration of the bill
will be placed on the Calendar of resolutions,
i Mr. STEWART. If I cannot have unani-
mous consent, I shall move to take it up to-day
as soon as the morning business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are now in order.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a report.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to withdraw his objection for one moment, that
I may say a woid touching the matter of night
sessions. I think it is proper for the Senate
to determine now whether, after sitting six
hours during tho day, they will hold night ses-
sions. I will inquire of the Chair how the
matter of tho order for night session stands
now?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It still remains
in force. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
PuYAini] offered a resolution, which was laid
over, dispensing with night sessions; but it
cannot be called up now except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BAYARD. Itis a matter that so plainly
affects the entire order of business that I think
it ought to be disposed of at onee. Last week
I offered this resolution, that we dispense with
night sessions. It should in my opinion have
been considered concurrently with the resolu-
tion increasing our sessions by day one hour.
We meet at eleven o'clock on and after to-day,
and it had been my intention before the adoption
of the resolution extending our day sessions
one hour to have it considered concurrently
with the resolution dispensing with night ses-
sions. I think the Senate now have had a very
decided and not a very pleasant experience of
night sessions and of their inutility for tho
practical promotion of the business of this
body. The resolution that I have submitted,
and which I will ask to have read presently,
discontinues these night sessions.
Mr. STEWART, fst.hat resolution before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. STEWART. We shall have to have
night sessions if we mean to act on the great
questions before the Senate.
The VICEP11ESIDENT. Until the morning
business is concluded the resolution cannot be
considered without unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYARD. Is there objection to its
consideration ?
Mr. STEWART. I think I shall have to
object.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Delaware may be allowed to complete his re-
marks.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. Theie is no necessity for
any continued remarks on my part. The prac-
tical effect of these night sessions and their
result is well known to all Senators here. I
submit thattheir practical bent fiusvery slight;
and now that we have add^d another hour in
the day to our sessions much more advance in
the progress of business may be rationally ex-
pected. It is evident that, however willing
gentlemen may be to labor, there is an end to
human capacity on this subject. A man may
become so fatigued that his time may go f'oc-
naught, whereas, if he would retain some few
hours of vigor, he would find that he could
accomplish much more within the time. The
stress of this weather is very apparent to usal!,
and I do not believe as a practical fact that the
business of this body will receive the least
acceleration from sitting here in such nights as
we must expect to come during the next two
weeks. I trust that the Senate will take up this
resolution and will adopt it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from
committees are now in order.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to
taking up this resolution at this time if the
Senator desires it; but it seems to me that wc
ought not to pass any such resolution, because
we must, during the next two weeks, sit some
nights. It may not be necessary to sit every
night, and 1 hope it will not be.
Mr. CONKLING. Nor every other night.
Mr. WILSON. Nor every other night; but
we shall have to sit several nights before the
adjournment. Let me say to the Senate that
wc are now precisely where some of us saw
wo should be three or four months ago, and
where wo repeatedly warned the Senate we
should be iu regard to our business, by our
long speeches at that time, and by our fre-
quent adjournments over. We are just where
wc expected to be ; but we cannot help sitting
some nights between now and the 15th of July,
unless we change the day of adjournment and
extend the session three or four weeks longer.
I have no objection to taking up this resolu-
tion if the Senator from Delaware desires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks unanimous consent to take up
the resolution proposing to dispense with even-
ing sessions.
Mr. STEWART. I object,
The VICE PRESIDENT, Objection is
made; and reports from committees are in
order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Gommittee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1357) for the relief of Shadrack
Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexander Forbes,
and other citizens of Petersburg, Virginia, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James
McCullum, praying compensation for services
rendered in the erection of two monuments on
the battle-fields of Groveton and Bull Run,
Virginia, to the memory of those who fell
in those battles in defense of their country,
asked to be discharged from its consideration ;
which was agreed to; and he submitted au
ad verse report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petitiou of
Mary C. Lane, praying compensation for cotton
taken from her by United States troops iu Mis-
sissippi, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 1022) for the relief of Mary C.
Lane.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
DILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1023) to establish a certain post road in
the State of Alabama, and for other purposes;
which was_ read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER, asked, and by unanimous
consent obta'ned. leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 233) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to donate certain buildings to
