92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
Senate.
San Juan Island—Mr. Howard.
41st Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
148, 133, 112, 100, 106, 04, 87, 116, 99, 108,
108, 108, 120, 115, 105, 116, which gives an
average depth to the American line, lying as it
does about five miles from the Rosario line,
of one hundred and eighteen fathoms, the
difference between the depth of this line and
the Rosario line being twenty-five fathoms on
an average in our favor. This greater depth
of the American line, following as it does the
bottom of the main channel, proves beyond all
rational dispute that the American line, from
its northern point down to the center of this
narrow channel, is the "middle of the chan-
nel" referred to in the treaty.
It is not only deeper than the Rosario chan-
nel by twenty-five fathoms, but it is the deepest
channel in the whole of the archipelago except
the canal De Haro, with which it unites by
means of this narrow channel.
N ow, let us compare the depth of the remain-
ing portion of the Rosario line, commencing
east of Patos Island with that of the strait De
Ilaro, running from the same narrow channel
down round the west side of San Juan and
between it and Vancouver's into the straits of
Fuca, to a parallel of latitude which gives us
San Juan with other islands of the archipel-
ago, and on which parallel the canal de Haro
and^ the Rosario straits meet and form the
straits of Fuca. I say let us compare the
depth of water on these two competing lines
of channel.
We have the following results: the sound-
ings along the American or De Haro line are
as follows: 83, 84, 87, 94, 100, 90, 123, 93,
118, 120, 70, 93, 85, 70, 83,105,182,170, 105,
j 00, 121, 143, 178, 94, 113, 173, 95, 103, 120,
91, 157, 149, 155, 141, 140, 165, 150, 153, 95,
122, 116, So, 109, 97, 115, 89,109, 92, 97, 75,
90, 97, 108, 89, 29, 91, 96, 97 ; presenting an
average depth on this De Haro line of one
hundred and ten and a half fathoms.
On the Rosario line we have the following
poundings: 89, 82, 74, GG, 70, 68, 64, 59, 57,
3-1, Si, 47, 53, 52, 53, 40, 46, 40, 40, 66, 36,
41, 56, 45, 54, 29, 30, 34, 29, 34, 25, 29, 38,
GO, 37, 55, 25, GO, 21, 53, 23, 26. 42, 30, 28,
43, 48, CO, 38, 42, 3G, 40, 40, 44, 43, 40; pre-
senting an average depth on the Rosario line
of sixty-five and a half fathoms, the difference
in favor of the De Haro channel being fifty-five
fathoms for a distance of about fifty miles on
each line, or, to speak more intelligibly, from
the southeast end of the Gulf of Georgia to the
head of the straits of Fuca, so that along the
northern portion of these two lines there are
twenty-five fathoms of water in our favor, and
on the southern portion fifty-five fathoms.
I have said there are various channels pass-
ing among these islands between the line of
De Haro and that of Rosario, one of which,
running on the east side of San Juan Island,
known as President's passage, was proposed
by the British commissioner to the American
commissioner as a compromise between the
De^Haro and the Rosario lines.
This compromise line was very properly re-
jected by the American commissioner. It has
none of the features of "the channel" men-
tioned in the treaty. Its average depth falls
snort, even of the Rosario channel, and it is
evident that tho offer was' a mere makeshift
on the part of the British commissioner to
grasp San Juan Island.
It is indubitable, for it is expressed in the
first article of the treaty in clear termsj that
the boundary "shnJl be continued westward
along the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude
to the middle of the channel;" &o.
Here, in the clearest language, the treaty
recognizes a channel " in the middle" of which
this forty-ninth degreeboundary is to terminate.
And from this point of intersection the bound-
ary is to be deflected, and is to run " through
the middle of said channel and of Fuca straits
to the Pacific ocean."
This language implies, as I have remarkod,
that "the channel" and "Fuca straits" form
one continuous water-course from the point of
beginning on the forty-ninth degree around
into the ocean; and this language was per-
fectly consistent with the notorious fact, well
understood by navigators and geographers,
that there was exactly such a channel.
The negotiators of the treaty on both sides
well understood this, and no dispute or denial
of its existence ever arose; and it was equally
well known that Vancouver's Island lay to the
west of this water-course. The first article
recognizes this channel and strait as such
water-course, for it provides in express terms—
" That tho navigation of the whole of said chan-
nel and straits south of tho forty-ninth degree of
north latitude shall remain free and open to both
parties."
Here, then, is tho water-course described in
the first article as the channel "through the
middle of which and of Fuca straits" the
boundary runs to the Pacific ocean. I say
the middle of the channel and the middle of
Fuca straits, that channel and those straits
being contemplated as one and the same con-
tinuous water-course, and having, in the words
of the treaty, a "middle;" that is, a line or
Jilum in the "middle" of the water-course.
_ This "middle" is the boundary as estab-
lished by the treaty.
Now, what is the " middle" of a stream or
water-course, used as a boundary between
nations, in the sense of the law of nations ?
I do not refer to the rule of the English
common law touching riparian rights where
lands are bounded on a stream not navigable.
In such cases the grant extends to the middle
of the stream. Each opposite owner holds
the bed of the river to the middle of the bed ;
that is, to a line running along on the bottom
and corresponding exactly with a surface line
on the water equidistant, or equidistant upon
an average, from the respective shores; this
surface line cutting in two all the islands that
lie on it and giving moities of them to the
opposite proprietors or grantees. This prin-
ciple of the common law, sound in itself but
having relation only to the interests of private
parties, is inapplicable to the water bounda-
ries of nations. The principle, it is to be
observed, applies, as the English books all
say, only to grants of land bounded "on a
river," or " by a river," or "on" or "along"
the " shore," or "bank," or "margin" of a
"river or stream." No such descriptive
words arc used in the treaty. Between the
mainland of the continent and that of Van-
couver the whole space is covered with water,
except as its surface is pierced by islands;
and if the treaty is to be interpreted and ap-
plied according to the narrow rule of the com-
mon law, then the line of boundary must be
" averagedthat is, must be drawn from the
middle of the water space on the forty-ninth
parallel southwardly literally through the
center of this whole sheet of water between
the two main shores to the middle of Fuca
straits, bisecting several islands, and among
them, in all probability, San Juan itself, and
giving parcels of each to the contesting parties.
Such a mangling of the islands and islets
would indeed be ludicrous; so ludicrous that it
has never been at all suggested by the greedi-
est advocate of the British claim. Nobody has
thought of applying the common law rule of
private riparian proprietorship to these islands.
Even Governor Douglas, of British Columbia,
originator of the claim to San Juan, has
maintained a discreet silence in this regard.
Again, Great Britain is already by her own
former acts estopped and concluded from
asserting that this middle surface-line through
the ^archipelago is the true line. By the treaty
of 1783, fixing the first boundaries between the
united States and Great Britain, the water-
line on our northern frontier rnns expressly to
"tho middle of the river St. Lawrence ; thence
along the middle of said river to Lake Ontario;
thence along the middle of tho said lake to the
water communication between that lake and
Lake Brie,; thence through the middle of said
lake to the water communication between it
and Lake St. Clair; (i. e. through the middle
of the Detroit river, which has numerous
islands ;) thence through the middle of Lake
St. Clair to the water communication between
it and Lake Huron; thence through the middle
of said lake to the water communication between
it and Lake Superior; thence through the mid-
dle of Lake Superior," &c.
Now, the commissioners appointed by the
respective_ Governments to survey and mark
this long line of water boundary, not less than
fifteen hundred miles long, invariably and by
a formal written agreement followed, as their
triangulated maps now in the Department of
State show, the center line of the surface of
the water when that line did not strike islands;
and where it did they followed the deepest
channel, giving the whole island to the party
holding on the opposite or shallower side. A
striking instance of this is found in Belle Isle
—once known as Hog Island—nearly opposite
Detroit. The center surface-line would have
cut the island in nearly equal parts, and yet the
boundary line was laid down on the east side
of it and along the deeper and more navigable
channel, thus giving the whole island to the
United States. And other similar instances
might be cited. So that the commissioners
acted no longer upon tho common-law princi-
ple of the centre of the surface when an island
was met with, but abandoned it and followed
the thalweg or deeper channel; that is, they fol-
lowed the gutter or lowest part of the water-bed.
The importance of this document will, I know,
justify me in laying it before the Senate. It
is still on file in the Department of State, under
the hands of the commissioners of the respect-
ive Governments, Messrs. Porter and Ogilvy,
and reads as follows:
"1. The boundary shall universally bo a water-
line, so as never to divide an island.
"2. Where there are several channels orpassages,
and but one of them navigablo, the navigable chan-
nel shall indicate the line.
" 3. Whore there are twochannels, and each affords
a good navigation, tho lino shall follow the largest
column of water.
114, When there are more than two channels the
line shall follow the one nearest the center, provided
it leaves a good navigation to each party."
Both Governments adopted and acted upon
this principle under that ancient treaty, couched
in the same terms, meaning the same thing,
and neither party has ever complained of this
time-honored, practical interpretation and use
of these terms, nor attempted to depart from it
until in 1859 Governor Douglas and the Hud-
son Bay Company discovered that it would lose
them San Juao Island; and then they began to
wriggle about the interpretation of the treaty.
The doughty Governor actually brought out a
British fleet with two hundred and fifty guns
on board to drive Captain Picket, who fortun-
ately was sent there in tho nick of time by
General Harney, from this island. But ho did
not quite dare open his broadsides upon Picket's
handful of men. The presence of the spirited
Harney seems to have been a discouragement.
But again to the point. The boundary here
is not declared to be at or on or along the chan-
nel, or by the channel, or by or on the margin,
shore, or coast of the channel, but from a
given point in the middle of the channel, and
thence southerly through the middle of said
channel and through the middle of tho straits
of Fuca, the line of boundary being thus ex-
pressly defined instead of being left to conjec-
ture and to be made out or guessed out by
"averaging" the width of the surface of the
whole channels, a thing which, from the very
nature of the case, owing to tho fact that the
