2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
to see whether they are qualified above all other
meu for this special duty. The answer to all
that is, "We cannot uncover; we may do so
confidentially.1' I would suppose that before we
pass legislation on this subject we should know
the character and qualifications of the men in
respect to whom we are legislating.
Mr. WELKER. If this bill should become ,
law, of course these appointments would have
to be made under its provisions; and the ques-
tion as to whether, under the law of 1799, the ,
Secretary of the Treasury had authority to do
it or not is not a matter that should be stated
against the appointments to be made under
this bill. The very purpose of this bill is to
get rid of this doubt and to make a certainty.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then there is no force
in the reason now rendered that their names
should not be made known.
Mr. WELKER. I would also suggest that
the making public of the names of those gen-
tlemen who have been heretofore serving the 1
country in these places would not make much
difference in reference to the passage of this
bill, because we suppose that the Secretary
would appoint competent men under this bill. <
It may be that in many places the best men in
the country have not been appointed.
Mr. FERRISS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. WELKER. I will.
Mr. FERRISS. This bill is a substitute for
a bill which I myself prepared upon certain
facts which came to my knowledge during the j
recess of the holidays. I then ascertained that
all of these special agents, with the exception
of two or three, were appointed without author-
ity of law, in my judgment. They were ap- ;
pointed in pursuance of the provisions con- I
tained in the twenty-second section of the law
of 1799, establishing the customs department.
Those provisions have been read, giving only
an implied authority for agents, and really did
not contemplate their appointment as they are
now appointed. I became satisfied that those
agents are indispensable to the thorough and
complete administration of the Treasury De-
partment. But they are now appointed with-
out authority of law. The attention of the
Secretary having been called to the matter, he
prepared this bill, or caused it to be prepared,
and it was introduced and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws, which had
under consideration the bill which I had intro-
duced, and which proposed to abolish all these
agents. **
The question to be determined by the House
at this time is simply this: whether this prac-
tice shall continue, whether these special agents
shall be appointed and continue to be appointed
without number, ad libitum, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, with salaries fixed by him at
just such rates as he may see fit to give them ;
or whether they shall be limited, and the ex-
penses of the Government cut down, as they
will be by this bill, over a hundred dollars per
day ? That is the only question to be determ-
ined by the House; whether this practice shall
continue without authority of law or whether
it shall continne in pursuance of law.
• Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for an inquiry?
Mr. FERRISS. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. I notice that this bill pro-
vides that these men shall act as special agents
to examine the books, papers, and accounts
of collectors and other officers; to act as a sort
of detectives. Yet there seem to be three or
four grades of officers or detectives provided
for in this bill with three or four grades of
salaries. Now, if the duty of all these officers
is the same it strikes me there is no reason
why the salaries should be different. I would
like to have this matter explained, if there is
any good reason for it.
Mr. FERRISS. As has been stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Retrenchment,
[Mr. Weaker,] the Secretary of the Treasury
hasdividedthecountry into sixteen customs dis-
tricts, and in each of these districts one of the
officers provided for in this bill is to be ap-
pointed and employed for that territory. In
every Department of the Government the same
distinction is made as to the salaries paid to
employes as is contemplated by this bill. There
are subordinates to the chief detective em-
ployed in this district. The head of a bureau
receives greater compensation than the subor-
dinate clerks of that bureau. The distinction
in this bill is made upon the same principle.
Mr. CULLOM. Ihat, I think, will be right
enough. You provide two at ten dollars aday,
and then seventeen at eight dollars a day, and
sixteen at six dollars a day, and eighteen at
five dollars a day. I do not say the heads of
bureaus should not get higher pay, but if all
these special agents of these different classes
perforin the same duties in the different por-
tions of the country it seems to me that their
pay ought to be the same.
Mr. FERRISS. I think, Mr. Speaker, this
phrase borrowed from the act of 1799, entitled
"An act to regulate the collection of the duties
on imports and tonnage," imperfectly defines
the duties of these officers. Their duties are
much broader than those contemplated by
that act to which reference is here made. I
was about to state another thing. I found on
examination of the statutes that there whs a
law passed in 1862 or 1863 authorizing the ap-
pointment of two or three of these special agents
togo abroad. I believe three were authorized at
the fixed salary of $2,000 a year and expenses.
That is the only act which directly provides for
the appointment of agents performing such ser-
vices as are performed by this large number
of agents under the law of 1799. If this bill
passes the agents employed under that special
act with determinate duties will cease, and no
more agents will be appointed under that law.
The third section of this bill repeals that law.
It declares that no special agents of the Treas-
ury Department shall be appointed in addition
to the number specified by this bill in relation
to the collection of the customs revenue. If
this bill passes it will take the place of that
special act. These agents also will take the
place of those appointed under the act of 1799.
So then, sir, the question to be determined is,
whether this number of agents shall be ap-
pointed at the salary here fixed, or whether the
number shall continue without authority of law
and at the will and discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. WELKER. Inowyieldto the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] chairman of the
Committee on Revision of the Laws.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, this bill ori-
ginated in the Committee on Revision of the
Laws. I quite agree withmy friend from New
York [Mr. Feeriss] that it is a great perver-
sion of the old law of 1799, so large a number
of these officers should have been appointed.
Such a number was never contemplated by
that act; but it has grown up by a half cen-
tury's practice that such a large number has
been employed. If the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has power to make any appointment at all
his power is perfectly unlimited in point of
number and in point of compensation. We
felt the number should be limited, and that
there should also be a limitation by law of the
compensation they should receive. For the
purpose of being informed on the subject we
not only had the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury before us, but we called the Secre-
tary of the Treasury before the committee, and
had a full conference on the subject. This bill,
as drawn and presented by the Committee on
Revision of the Laws, was with the full con-
currence of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
met the approval of the committee. It was estab-
lished that at least this number is necessary.
The service they are to perform is detective
service. They are not only to examine the
books and papers of collectors of customs, but
they are to act as detective officers all along
the frontier of this great country where there
are importations.
A word in relation to the objection of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] He
says there is no necessity for any of these
agents abroad where we have consuls. What
do consuls do? The law demands that every
importer shall bring a consular certificate. He
carries his bill as he himself makes it to the
consul and gets the consular certificate. The
invoices are never examined by the consuls.
It is made by law no part of their duty to
examine these bills of the importers, who carry
them to the consuls, make oath to them, and
receive their certificates. The consul's duties
are merely ministerial. These special agents
of the Treasury Department are experts and
are well acquainted with the market values of
the products imported from abroad, and will
be able to furnish the collectors at our various
ports with information, so as to guard against
fraudulent invoices and save the Government
from loss of revenue. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. WELKER. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment, which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. WELKER. I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all of section two after tho enacting
clause and insert the following:
That said special agents shall each roceive a. per
diem of six dollars per day in addition to expenses
necessarily and actually incurred; and tho Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to make such
rules and regulations, not inconsistent with law, for
the government of said special agents as he may
deem expedient and necessary.
Mr. WELKER. I decline to yield for the
purpose of having that amendment offered. I
do so because I consider the graduation pro-
posed in the bill of great importance in tho
administration of the affairs of the Depart-
ment. By those having control of the Depart-
ment this is deemed indispensable for the pur-
pose of preventing frauds on the Government.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. WELKER, I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section one. lino eleven, after the word " Sec-
retary," insert the following words: "within tho
United States or its immediate borders."
Mr. WELKER. I do not yield to have that
amendment offered, for the reason which I have
already stated. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engitossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Jenckes.]
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Mr. JENCKES. I am instructed by the
Committee on Retrenchment to report back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 1328) to establish a department of
justice.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. In its first section it pro-
poses to establish an executive department of
the Government of the United States, to be
called the department of justice, of which the
Attorney General shall be the head. His duties,
salary, and tenure of office shall remain as
now fixed bylaw, except so far as they maybe
modified by this act.
