1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3939
prietors or places of public amusements" the
following:
And the owner or lessee ofany permanently located
building used forany exhibition, performance, show,
or entertainment to which admission is given for pay,
except such as are hereinafter specifically exempted,
shall be subject to and pay a tax of three per cent, on
the gross receipts derived by such owner or lessee
from such exhibition, performance, show, or enter-
tainment.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe it to be the
policy of this Government to crush out of ex-
istence all permanently established places of
amusement, such as theaters, opera-houses, &c.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that we have reduced the tax
from three to one per cent., which is one half
of the present rate of tax.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know the rate has
been reduced, but my present motion is directed
especially against the principle of taxing gross
receipts. I am opposed to the taxation of
gross receipts. I do not believe that such a
system of taxation has a single element of
equity in it. A tax on gross receipts without
regard to whether the business pays a profit or
not, cannot be justified by any correct prin-
ciple of taxation. A place of legitimate and
moral amusement may receive during a year
$100,000, and yet so far from making profit,
it may actually lose money ; yet you propose
that, irrespective of the success of the business,
a tax shall be paid on the amount of the gross
receipts. In my opinion there is no business
that should be taxed on its gross receipts.
I am aware that the provision of the bill has
been amended so as to make the tax one per
cent, instead of three per cent. In this form
the tax is not so odious, so far as regards its
amount; but the principle of the tax is just as
odious. It is a false basis on which to rest any
system of taxation. If my amendment accom-
plishes nothing more, I shall at least have
entered my protest against the principle of tax-
ation on gross receipts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I shall not discuss it further than to
say that I hope it will be voted down.
The amendment was not agreed to.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill of the following title, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. 948) amendatory of an act
approved February 5,1867, and joint resolution
approved March 28, 1867, relative to judges
and commissioners of election in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia.
Mr. BIRD. I move that the House adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes 46, noes 78.
Mr. BIRD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was not agreed to.
internal tax bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the para-
graph relating to distillers by striking out the
following:
Provided, however. That the provisions.of this sec-
tion shall not apply to any authorized distiller who
shall purify or refine distilled spirits of his own pro-
duction, in the course of original distillation, from
mash, wort, or beer, through continuous closed ves-
sels and pipes, until the manufacture thereof is com-
plete.
When the last bill relating to this subject was
before this House there occurred a discussion
which members doubtless recollect. The bill
then under consideration provided that rectify-
ing establishments should not be located within
six hundred feet of distilleries, the object being
to prevent fraud by collusion between rectifiers
and distillers. It will be remembered that Mr.
Harding, of Illinois, then a member of the
House, moved at that time an amendment em-
bracing the same proposition contained in this
proviso, that continuous distillation by distill-
ers be permitted, so that rectification and dis-
tilling might be carried on in the same place.
That amendment received but seven votes in
this House; yet it now comes here as one of
the provisos of this bill. It seems to me the
Committee of Ways and Means cannot have
given this matter proper consideration. While
the present law forbids the location of a recti-
fying establishment within six hundred feet of
a distillery, this bill proposes that the distiller
may himself carry on rectifying. The object
of this proposed change in the law I cannot
understand. I hope the House will strike oat
the proviso. I am satisfied the committee on
a full examination would not be in favor of it.
Mr. PROSSER. In reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
I wish to say that I hope this proviso will not
be stricken out, for the reason that distillation
through continuous pipes does not interfere
in any way whatever with the rectification
of whisky. The provision of the bill in this
respect is just and right. It will give the dis-
tiller an opportunity to make whisky through
continuous closed vessels and pipes, thus pre-
cluding many opportunities which now exist
for fraud. The provision does not interfere at
all with the rectifier. I am satisfied that if the
gentleman from Illinois would investigate this
subject he would agree with the committee
that the proviso ought to be enacted. Unless
I am very much mistaken it was the intention
of the framers of the existing law that con-
tinuous distillation should be permitted, not
prohibited.
. Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Logan, there we re—ayes 26, noes 52.
Mr. LOGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on this proposition.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 53.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I call for tellers on this
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schekck and
Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ave3 65, noes 48.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at four,o'clock and fifteen minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned till Tuesday next at
eleven o'clock a. m.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CONNER: A memorial of 350
citizens of the northwestern frontier of Texas,
relative to Indian depredations, and praying for
relief.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of John
Davis, corporal of the night-watch on board
the United States ship Octorora, for pension.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of C. L. Stone,
and others, citizens of Maine, asking the erec-
tion of a monument on Goat Island, entrance
of Cape Porpoise harbor.
By Mr. McKENZIE: The petition of Allen
Manuel, a soldier of the war of 1812, asking
for a pension.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Rebecca
S. Spence, a residentof Tennessee, askingpay-
ment of rent and damages to houses occupied
by the Government.
Also, a petition from the Union Merchants'
Exchange of the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
asking Congress to authorize the construction
of a post office and Federal court-house in said
city.
Also, a petition from the Board of Trade,
Union Merchants' Exchange, mayor, and com-
mittee of the citizens of the city of St. Louis,
requesting Congress to authorize the construc-
tion of a Federal court-house and post office in
.said city.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 31, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rey; J". P. New-
man, D, D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of Wil-
liam Lewis Lee, of Williamsburg, South Caro-
lina, praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of Wil-
liam F. Russell, of Orlando, Orange county,
Florida, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Thomas I. Bolger, of Magnolia, Arkansas,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Cynthia
A. Mizell, mother of Zedekiah M. Mizell, late
of the county of Bertie, North Carolina, and a
corporal in company C first regiment North
Carolina volunteers, who died in the service
of the United States, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of L. J. Lab-
arlie, heir, and for the co-heirs of Lewis
Leroy, deceased, of Raleigh, North Carolina,
praying damages for property captured, con-
demned, or confiscated by the French Govern-
ment during the war between that Government
and the United States in 1798-1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table, the subject
of the French spoliation claims having been
reported upon by the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
lie also presented the petition of T. A. II.
Caldwell, of North Carolina, praying the re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
James Monroe Kineaid ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of J. Mon-
roe Kineaid, of Burke county, North Caro-
lina; of William T. Dortch, of Wayne county,
North Carolina, and of William Laws, of
Wake county, North Carolina, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
A. R. Caldwell, of Burke county, North Caro-
lina, praying that some further legislation may
be had on the subject of distilling fruit into
brandy in small stills; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. REVELS presented the petition of A.
Burwell, of Vicksburg, Mississippi, praying aid
from the United States Government for losses
sustained during the late war by reason of the
orders of military commanders; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
D. U. Barziza, of Houston, Texas, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of a large number of dealers in tobacco in the
city of New York, remonstrating against an
increase of the tax on tobacco which shall be
invidious as to smoking tobacco, and praying
for a uniform rate of taxation. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of
citizens of Florence, Alabama, praying such
an appropriation for the improvement of the
Tennessee river as will secure a general navi-
gation from its mouth to its source; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Ebenezer
G Young, of Florence, Alabama, praying
