1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
back summarily to this old law. You are to
adopt something which will not work. You
are vainly to put in motion a machine which
is antediluvian—at least ancient. I am almost
disposed to call it barbarous. As well might ;
you go back to an almanac of 1850, and as well j
might the navigator follow such an almanac i
for guidance to day. !
I pass now to the other head, which in many j
respects is more important. It concerns the
inquiries proposed by the two systems; and
here, if I can have the attention of the Senate,
I will try very briefly to show the failure nnder
the old law—show how many things are omitted
or left undone which ought to find place in the
census of 1870; and I begin with the agriculture
of the country. Is this of no value? Is this
of no interest? It is the largest interest, con-
cerning the largest number of people of any in
oar country, and yet if you will listen to the
testimony with regard to the schedules of 1850
you will see how it is neglected. I have before
me the letter of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, Horace Capron, dated February 20,1869,
from which I read:
"Your favor of the 19th instant, asking for any
loggestion relative to the agricultural schedules for
the census of 1870, is before me.
"It is of the utmost importance that these inqui-
ries should be as full as may be consistent with
accuracy and completeness in the returns. The old
schedules are deficient in several important particu-
lars, some of them considered of the first importance
in the collection of any European census. As you
desire an answer at onee, I will proceed briefly to
enumerate a very few obvious points in which the
list of inquiries may be enlarged."
Such is the testimony of your Commissioner
of Agriculture, that the old schedules are defi-
cient in severatl important particulars ; and yet
it is now proposed to proceed under these old
schedules. I ask again, are you indifferent to
agriculture? Are you regardless of that great
population which lives by the sweat of the brow
in the cultivation of the earth ? If you are not
indifferent to agriculture, if you are not regard-
less of those who cultivate the earth, then do
not miss this opportunity to accumulate all
possible information to illustrate this com-
manding interest.
But the Commissioner of Agriculture is not
alone. Mr. Snow, who is an authority always,
says:
" The statistics of agriculture, as obtained by the
national census in past years, have been extremely
incorrect and unreliable. I think that they might
be greatly improved by the employment of persons
to collect them who are specially interested in and
acquainted with the subject."
Dr. Hough more than once testifies in the
same direction. I read one passage from him :
"As a striking illustration of the deficiencies of the
old forms of schedules, we have never as yet known
from the census the actual and comparative produc-
tion of grain and other crops by the acre in different
sections of the country. Are our fields becoming bar-
ren from cultivation ? Will a new variety of grain
nourish better in one part of the country than an-
other? These and many other questions of vital
importance will now first be answered from actual
and universal inquiry, should the proposedschedules
of the Honse bill be adopted."
And yet, sir, it is deliberately proposed now
to$o back to this condemned system of 1850,
which, even as regards that primal interest of
agriculture, is a failure.
But there are other interests second only to
agriculture, where the failure is even greater.
I will enumerate and group them before pro-
ceeding to consider them in detail. There is
domestic commerce, which is of such gigantic
proportions, dwarfing, I need not say,the foreign
commerce of the country; there is the railway
interest; there are the fisheries ; there is the
mmingindustry; there are manufactnres; there
are sanitary and social statistics. All these six
peat control ling, pervasive interests are almost
u not entirely neglected by the old law. Sir,
I do not speak without consideration. What I
nave said under this head I shall maintain; and
I begin first with domestic commerce.
Would you believe it, sir—you would not if I
uinot glve y°n authority for it, and if, pos-
sibly,jour recollection of the details of the old
law aid not at once confirm what I am abont to
say—thatunderthe old lawthere isno provision
for an enumeration of our domestic commerce?
I have already spoken of its vastness. This
domestic commerce probably exceeds our for-
eign trade in the proportion of fifteen to one.
What a mighty difference 1 And yet the cen-
sus of the old law ignores it entirely ; there is
no provision with regard to it. An analysis of
the imperfect tables of occupations in the cen-
sus of 1860 shows that at least half a million
persons were thus engaged in effecting the
exchanges of the country, exclusive altogether
of those engaged in transportation. The mul-
tiplication of middle men has been one of the
great economical facts of the last ten years.
The number at present employed on the ex-
changes of the country cannot fall short of
three quarters of a million.
Now, sir, permit me to say that it would be
wholly inexcusable that a census of the United
States should be taken at this stage of its indus-
trial progress and fail to include this class of
producers. Whether for practical use or as a
matter of scientific interest, the ninth census
must exhibit the trade of the country. Our
manufactures have been enumerated before,
and we might be able to make some sort of
approximation to their present proportion by
calculating their increase from previous periods.
But commerce has never been taken in the cen-
sus, and hence we cannot make even a tolerable
estimate of its proportions. Are you ready, sir,
to go forward and organize a census in 1870
which shall omit this great, this colossal in-
terest? And yet this is part of the proposition
now before you. Adopt the report of the com-
mittee, fall back upon the old law of 1850, and'
this surpassing interest drops out of sight.
There is another interest not so colossal, and
yet the moment I name it Senators will see
that it is by no means insignificant. It i3 the
railway interest of the country; and this in-
terest finds no place under the old law of 1850.
Are you ready now for a census that shall
neglect it? Possibly, in the pending questions
concerning railroads, this interest may have at
this moment peculiar importance ; butbeyond
that it is of constant concern, especially to
the agriculturists of the West. Wheat is now
paying in many sections as much for transport-
ation to tide-water as the farmer receives for
it in the first instance, and in some sections
even more. Thus nearly half the price of
wheat laid down in New York goes to the rail-
ways and those who deal with the grain on its
passage. The census affords the proper, if
not the only means of searching out the secret
of these great monopolies and indicating the
remedies for the wrong, if any exists. 1 ask
again, are you willing that this widespread
railway interest shall be dropped out of sight,
as will be done if you adopt the old law ?
But this is not all. There are the fisheries,
once the great commanding interest of this
Republic, the interest which occupied more of
the attention of our early plenipotentiaries in
Europe than any other question except that of
independence itself—the interest which en-
tered into the debate that ended in the ac-
knowledgment of independence. It was out
American fisheries; and yet—would yon believe
it, sir?—the law of 1850 has no provision for
them.
Mr. CONKLING. That is ah error. It
has provision and the census contains it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse
me; I will make my statement a little more
accurate. The law of 1850 makes no provis-
ion for obtaining the statistics of American
fisheries, and the eighth census, in default of
any such provision, attempted to deal with fish-
eries as a branch of manufactures, enumerat-
ing them on the same schedule. Why, sir, the
very idea is grotesque. The result was natur-
ally enough a complete failure; only $14,284,-
405 of product was obtained. The river, shore,
and lake fisheries of the United States, I need
not say, are growing in importance. They are
demanding legislation based on knowledge,
and thus deserve a special and what I would
call an expert enumeration at the coming cen-
sus. The Special Commissioner of (lie Reve-
nue estimates the product of this industry at
$100,000,000 at the inside, and it well may be
$50,000,000 higher ; and yet for this peculiar
historic interest there is no provison in the
census except under the head of " manufac-
tures!" And this failure we adopt with the old
law.
There is another interest to which my friend
on my right [Mr. Nye] has from his first com-
ing among us been devoted, to which he has
been always true; it is the mining interest. I
do not do injustice to his position; I hope
the Senator will see that this interest is not
neglected in the coming census. Would you
believeit, sir—I should like my friend to know—
that under the old law, which it is now pro-
posed to fasten upon us, all the mining inter-
ests of the country are treated as branches of
manufactures, and they are enumerated, if at
all, in the same schedule with cotton-spinning
and paper-making? And yet, not unnaturally;
for, as the Senate will remember, when this
antediluvian law first came into being our
mining interests were then in their infancy.
They have now grown to maturity and are
strong. I hope they will be strong enough to
find an independent place in the census of the
country.
It is possible that with a liberal schedule
for manufactures, the essential facts of the
Erincipal mining interest might be obtained;
ut with the schedule of 1850 the results must
be absolutely insignificant and worthless. Am
I wrong when I say that this interest deserves
a separate, and, as I have already aaid in an-
other connection, an expert enumeration?
Ten years from now a complete view of this
interest in 1870 will be worth far more to the
country than the whole oost of the census.
No practical industry is so much a matter of
exact scietnce. Schools of mining are spring-
ing up all over the land, and mining engineer-
ing is becoming an important industry; and
yet the condition of this interest among us is
involved in the greatest confusion.
Thns far we have had officials under the pre-
vious censuses with power to exact information,
but without knowledge of the subject, and
other officials, as in the case of the mining
commissions of the past few years, with knowl-
edge but without power. In the coming cen-
sus we ought to confer power on the men who
have the knowledge, ana thus secure an enum-
eration of the mining industries of the conn-
try that shall be worthy of a nation with min-
eral resources so vast. And yet, sir, if yon
follow the lead of your committee this depart-
ment is to be neglected. I trust thereare Sen-
ators who will not allow the sacrifice.
Then, sir, if you come to the head of manu-
factures, which is the only grand industry after
agricultural with which the old law undertakes
to deal, I have to say that it is defective in its
provisions and falsein principle. Two capital
faults are embodied in the law at the very be-
ginning of this subject: first, the enumeration
of production is confined to merchantable arti-
cles; secondly, the enumeration is farther
restricted to establishments producing to a
certain annual value only.
The former limitation intentionally omits
from the table of the national industry the
labor of every establishment which does not
produce articleB in distinct merchantable form.
It excludes from the production of the country
the great body of its able and skilled artisans.
The labor of the men who build our railways,
bridges, roads, wharves, warehouses, factories,
shops, dwellings, and ships, who make the
grand, the permanent, almost the only real
addition to the capital of the country, is treated
as of no account, while the production of arti-
cles for immediate, it may be for mischievous
consumption, is carefully recorded.
The effect of this irrational limitation of the
inquiries of the census, with the other limita-
