1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Juan Island—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
surface is half land and half water, an inter-
mixture of islandsand channels and shoals, it
was and is utterly impossible to do.
And this was well and perfectly known to
Lord Aberdeen, -who proposed not only the
boundary but the whole treaty. Such a thing
as a boundary line cutting into two equal por-
tions the whole space between the continent
proper and Vancouver, land and water, islands
and all, never occurred to him, because upon
Vancouver's map, which Lord John Russell
says was then before Lord Aberdeen, the Haro
channel by name, as well as others not named,
was distinctly laid down.
What, then, is the middle of this channel,
and liow is it to be ascertained?
I have shown that it cannot be ascertained
by the common-law rule of running a center
surface-line through the whole expanse of
waters and islands lying between the two shores,
because both Powers have construed differ-
ently from that an identical expression in the
treaty of 1783, and because both have all along
abstained from even suggesting such a line, on
account of the impossibility of bringing to-
gether the two lines, namely, the " middle"
line through the Gulf of Georgia-and the mid-
dle line through Fuca straits, which two lines
are by the treaty contemplated as forming but
one and the same line, by running into and
naturally uniting with each other, which could
not be unless the middle of one channel was
geographically and in point of fact the middle
of the other. I say, for these three reasons:
first, because the two Governments have not
applied the common-law rule to islands lying
in the center of the water surface; second,
because both have throughout the dispute act-
ually abstained from putting forth such an
idea ; and third, that such a line is geograph-
ically impossible, having in view the language
of the treaty, which really makes the two lines
one, by running the one into the other, or, in
other words, welding them so as to form one
middle of the two channels, Georgia and De
Fuca. In construing the language the datum
given, the point conceded by both parties by
the very language itself, and not to be denied
or retracted by either, is that this middle line
is the same line and runs through both chan-
nels, Georgia and Fuca ; and, of course, that
in point of fact, as admitted by both parties,
they form but one channel, having tins "mid-
dle." How then, I ask again, is it to be
ascertained ?
I have shown that in reference to the islands
it cannot be by the common-law rule. Resort
must be had to some other to get at the inten-
tion of the parties.
Halleck, one of the most careful thinkers on
international law that the United States have
produced, says, (page 138:)
"But where the river not only separates tho con-
terminous States, but also their territorial jurisdic-
tion, the thalweg, or middle channel, forms the lino
of separation through the bays or estuaries through
which the waters of a river flow into the sea. As a
general rule this line runs through the deepest chan-
nel, although it may divido the river and its estu-
aries into two very unequal parts."
Heffner (section sixty-six) says:
"If a river separates two States the dominion of
each extends to the middle of the river, sometimes
tho bed, called the thalweg, serves as the boundary,
as the thalweg of the Rhine. This modo wa,s adopted
in the treaty concluded in 1809 between Russia and
Sweden."
The thalweg is the "valley way" or lowest
part of the bed of the stream, the line most
followed by boatmen in going down stream.
Kluber, speaking of the frontiers of the ter-
ritories of a State, (section one hundred and
thirty-three,) says :
" As to rivers and lakes as frontiers by which the
opposite banks are equally occupied, the middle,
comprising in this the islands traversed by the line
of the middle, ordinarily separates the territories.
Instead of this line nations have recently chosen lor
frontior tho thalweg ; that is to say, the variable way
taken by boatmen when they go down stream, or
rather tho middle of this way or road."
The author adds in a note:
"In the treaty concluded between tho grand
duchy of Baden and the canton of Argovia, Septem-
ber 18,1808, the parties took for their limit the thal-
weg of the Bhine, but by this is understood the deep-
est places of the river, and as to the bridges their
middle."
Webster defines "channel" as the deeper
part of a strait, bay, or harbor, where the prin-
cipal current flows, either of tide or fresh water,
or which is the most convenient for the track
of a ship.
Worcester defines the word as tho bed of a
stream of water, especially the deeper part of
a river or bay, where the main current flows ;
a strait or narrow sea between two portions of
land, as the British channel.
Wheaton says:
" Where a navigable river forms the boundary of
conterminous States, the middle of the channel, or
thalweg, is generally taken as the line of separation
between the two States, the presumption of law being
that tho right of navigation is common to both."
The author here manifestly treats the ex-
pressions " middle of the channel" and "thal-
weg" as equivalent, that is, the lowest bottom
of the channel.
Thus it appears that in its geographical and
hydrographieal sense the word "channel" is the
equivalent of "thalweg," with this only differ-
ence in popular use that " thalweg " implies a
downstream motion, and is therefore more
generally applied to rivers or flowing masses of
water, while "channel" applies alike to water
flowingand non-flowing. When either of these
terms relates to the earthy bed of the river it
means the lowest part or gutter of that bed.
Speaking of this bed, and on and along this
bed is the boundary line, a child will tell you
that the middle of the channel is the deepest
and lowest portion of thepassage " channeled"
out through the earth. '' Through the middle
of the channel" means, in the popular under-
standing, through the lowest bottom of the
space hollowed out, whether on land lying
under water or not, because the mind at once
measures the depth of the channel by, so to
speak, a vertical radius or diameter in order
to estimate tho size and capacity of the chan-
nel.
The true boundary, then, according to the
text of the treaty, is this line running from
where the forty-ninth parallel strikes the line
of deepest water in tho whole channel, thence
southwardly along this deepest line in the straits
of Georgia and the line of deepest water through
the straits of Haro to those of Fuca, into the
ocean. This line is easily found. It has been
ascertained by actual surveys and soundings
executed by the joint commission of the two
Governments. It gives the United States San
Juan Island, the most valuable in the group,
both in reference to navigation and military
defense. The description in the treaty itself
settles the question ; the line has been ascer-
tained in perfect accordance with the terms of
the treaty, giving those terms the meaning and
effect required by the law of nations and the
action and consent of the British Government
itself under precisely like circumstances on the
river and lake frontier described by the treaty
of 1783. Why arbitrate when your legal rights
are clear and indubitable? Were it a doubtful
question in fact, there might be propriety in
settling it by arbitration, for a submission to
arbitration always implies some doubt of the
legality of your claim, and is, in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred, practically an invita-
tion to split the difference between the parties.
But in this case there is so little uncertainty,
such an absence of all ground of doubt, that it
seems ridiculous for us to undergo^ the humil-
iation of putting our rights and interests to
hazard. The step will inevitably lose us  an
Juan. I predict it here. The British Govern-
ment have set their heart upon this island.
There has been already as much contest, trou-
ble, and negotiation about it as there was about
the northeastern boundary. On each side the
sword has been sharpened for the final contest;
and no longer ago than August. 1859, Lord
John Russell announced to our Government
in a solemn dispatch to Lord Lyons, the resi-
dent British minister here, that—
"Her Majosty's Government must, under any cir-
cumstances, maintain the rightof the British Crown
to the island of San Juan. . The interests at stako in
connection with tho retention of that island are too
important to admit of compromise."
And adds these haughty terms :
"And your lordship will consequently bear in
mind that whatever arrangement of the boundary
line is finally arrived at, no settlement of tho ques-
tion will be accepted by her Majosty's Government
which does not provide for tho island of San Juan
being reserved to tho British Crown."
Is not this a sufficient intimation of the pur-
pose of England and of the value of the island ?
No settlement will be accepted which does not
give her that island! It is her sine qua non;
and this, notwithstanding Lord Aberdeen, his
predecessor, had in the very dispatch (of May
18, 1840) which carried to Washington his
proposal that afterward became the treaty,
expressly renounced all the islands except
only Vancouver. The language of this dis-
patch is:
"The forty-ninth parallel to the sea-coast, thence
in a southerly direction through tho center of King
George's sound and the straits of lfuea to the ocean;
thus giving to Great Britain tho whole of Vancou-
vor's Island and its harbors."
And notwithstanding Lord Aberdeen had in
conversation with our minister, Mr. McLane,
only three days before, assured him that his
proposal of a treaty would run tho line through
the "canal De Haro and straits ofFuea," thus
in express words adopting the De Haro chan-
nel for which we now contend, and which I
have shown to be the legal boundary called for
by the treaty.
Are we now, with such facts before us ; with
the contemporary admissions and statements
of the party proposing the treaty, the party
against whom in law and in morals it is to be
most strongly taken; with the treaty itself calling
for that line; with the declaration that that line
ran through the Haro channel; with the ad-
mission that "Vancouver and its harbors" were
all that the proposer sought to retain—are we
to be told now that the De Haro line was not
intended; that no arrangement is to be ac-
cepted which does not give San Juan to the
proposer of the treaty? Are we to bo thus
cajoled and then coaxed into an arbitration ?
Sir, the honor of this nation forbids it. Let
us not fall into such a snare.
I am aware that this peremptory language
of Lord John Russell in his dispatch of August
24, 1859, was afterward tho subject of discus-
sion between the two Governments. Its effect
upon the American Secretary of State, Gen-
eral Cass, was to incline him to break oft' the
negotiation ; and it is interesting to observe the
diplomatic machinery, not to say artifice, used
to keep it on foot and to avoid an armed col-
lision.
Lord Russell, in his dispatch to Lord Lyons
of that date, expresses the purpose of his Gov-
ernment in distinct and unequivocal terms.
Giving his language its obvious, 1 should per-
haps say its only construction, General Cass,
in his dispatch to Mr. Dallas, our minister to
England, of the 20th of October, says :
"If this declaration is to be insisted upon.it must
terminate the negotiation at its very threshold,
because this Government can permit itself to ontcr
into no discussion with that of Great Britain or any
other Power except upon terras of perfect equality.
And when her Majesty's Government deelaros that
it will never yield its right to tho island of San^Jnan.
this Government has only to dcclare^ a similar^de-
termination on the partot the United bvates.m order
