1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4883
tho St. Aloysius Relief Society of Washington,
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to tbe Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
order of business. *
Mr. STEWART. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 973) to prohibit'contracts for servile labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills and joint resolutions is still in order;
but the Senator from Nevada asks unanimous
consent to take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. COLE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 973) to prohibit contracts for servile labor ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. STEWART. I willyield to theSenator
from Michigan.
Mr. HO WARD. The other day the Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] gave notice that ho
Would make a motion that the Texas Pacific
railroad bill bo made the special order for this
evening after the recess. I do not recollect
the language" of his resolution. I should like
the Clerk to read it. I wish to have it passed.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to offer a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana lias risen to offer a resolution, which
has priority as morning business.
direct tax in insurrectionary states.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to offer a resolution
calling for information to be furnished by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Before offering it
I beg leave to make a statement, as the inform-
ation may be already in the possession of the
Senate, though I am not aware of it.
I call the attention of the Senate to the act
of Congress of June 7, 18G2, entitled " An act
for the collection of direct taxes in insurrec-
tionary districts, and for other purposes.' ' The
purpose of the law was to collect in the insur-
rectionary States the direct tax which had been
levied in the year 1861 upon real estate and
apportioned among the several States. The
object of this law was to provide for the effi-
cient collection of that tax in the insurrection-
ary States. The law provided that in case tne
lands were offered for sale, and no person bid
for them, they should bo deemed forfeited to
the United States and bid in by the United
States. The ninth section of the law provided
that the tax commissioners might lease the
lauds so taken for the United States; and the
eleventh section provided that instead ot leas-
ing them the tax commissioners might sell the
lands. The twelfth section of this act provides
as follows :
" That the proceeds ofsaid leases nud sales shall be
paid into the Treasury of tho United States, one
fourth of which shall bo paid over to theGovcniorot
paid State wherein said lands are situated, or his
authorized agent, when such insurrection shall be put
down, aiul the people shall electa Legislature and
Slate officers, who shall take an oath to support, the
Constitution of the United States, andsuch factshall
ijc proclaimed by the President for tho purpose of
reimbursing tlio loynl citizens of fcaid State, or such
other purposo as said State may direct; ana one fourth
shall also be paid ovortosaidState as a fund to a id in
the colonization or emigration from saidbtateol any
free person of African descent who may desire to
remove therefrom to llayti, Liberia, or any other
tropical State or colony."
Now, Mr. President., from present indica-
tions there seems little chance of the loyal
sufferers in the insurrectionary Slates obtain-
ing at the hands of the Senate a hearing at this
present session upon any one of the numerous
bills reported in their favor by the Committee
on Claims. Time and time again the effort has
been made to obtain a hearing upon a single
ease, which should be regarded as a test case,
that the sense of the Senate should be obtained
whether or not, upon the fact being clearly es-
. tablished, the Senate would recognize the valid-
ity of any claim emanating from the insurrec-
tionary States. « . ,
Mr. President, I find in the provisions of the
section I have just read that there is a fund
provided of oms fourth of the proceeds of all
lands leased or sold by the tax commissioners
to be paid over to loyal claimants in the south-
ern States on account of losses sustained in
consequence of the rebellion, and since the''
chance seems so poor of these claimants obtain-
ing any compensation directly from Congress,
I am curious to know what the amount of this
fuud accumulated in the Treasury is. One
fourth of that fund is to be devoted to reim-
bursing loyal claimants; another fourth is to
be devoted to enable the freedmen of the South
to emigrate to some tropical country.
The object of this resolution is to obtain
information upon both these heads, how much
the two funds amount to. I have made this
statement in order to enable Senators to inform
me, if I am wrong, whether any such inform-
ation has ever been furnished by the Secretary
of the Treasury. If not, 1 think it important
that it be laid before the Senate. I now offer
the resolution :
Jtesolvcd, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate—
First. The amount of the proceeds of the lease or
sale of all abandoned lands paid into the Treasuiy
of tho United States conformably to tho twelfth sec-
tion of tho act of Congress approved Juno 7,1862,
entitled "An act for tho collection of direct taxes in
insurrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes."
Second. What disposition has been mado by him,
or under his authority, of tho one fourth part of such
proceeds reserved by said actfor the purpose of reim-
bursing tho loyal citizens of the several insurrec-
tionary States wherein such leases and sales wore
made; what amounts hare been paid to tho Govern-
ors of these States respectively, under the provisions
ot said law, and what are still duo to thuni, respect-
ively, at this time.
Third. What disposition has been mado of another
fourth part of such proceeds, reserved to be paid over
to the said States, respectively, as a fund t,o aid in the
colonization or emigration of free persons of African
descent.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, I wish the resolu-
tion to which I have referred taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution offered
by the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. rice]
fixing this evening for the consideration of the
Southern Pacific railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate; and the question is on
agreeing to it.
Mr. 1IOWARD. I wish to amend the reso-
lution 
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend it by
inserting " also the Atlantic and Pacific rail-
road bill."
Mr. HOWARD. That is the very amend-
ment I was about to move myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to anything being
made a special order until the tax bill is dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has been failed up, and is before tbe Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is debatable, I presume.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly ; aud
the question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, to include the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, ii is with
extreme regret that I stand in the way of any
of these propositions, anu especially the South-
ern Pacific railroad bill, of which lam in favor ;
but to-day at twelve o'clock has been fixed by
unanimous consent for taking up the tax bill.
1 believe it we stand by it as we would an ordin-
ary matter of business wo could get rid of that
bill to day ; but it is one of those questions
that may go over day after day. It we are to
adjourn on the 15th of July it is absolutely
necessary that the tax bill should be passed by
the Senate eight or ten days before the adjourn-
ment, because it has to go to a committee of
conference in any event, and it involves veiy
grave and disputed questions, not only of pol-
itics, but of finance ; it involves tho whole rev-
enue of the Government, and I do not think it
ought to be crowded into tho maelstrom of the
closing days of the session. It isto be remem-
bered, too, that not a single one of the general
appropriation bills has yet been signed by the
President of the United States. From and
after next Friday, until those bills are passed,
not a dollar of money can be drawn from the
Treasury, and the whole operations of the Gov- -
eminent are suspended. Not a dollar can be
paid to the Indians, although a failure to pay
may involve an Indian war. The whole oper-
ations of the Government are put an end to for
the time being. Now, it is manifest that in this
state of the public business, until the tax bill
and the appropriation bills are out of the way,
wo cannot make special orders of private bills.
1 make these remarks now in view of a mo-
tion that may be made to day to go into another
class of business in another department of the
duty of the Senate. It is vitally necessary,
in my judgment, that we should dispose ot
these questions first, and then I have 110 doubl
there will be suitable time and occasion to pass
upon the railroad bills.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, I
appreciate the feelings of the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio with reference to the tax bill
and other bills to which ho has alluded. I am
willing to sit from early dawn till the setting
sun, aud even after sunset, to dispatch the busi-,
ness which properly belongs to us; but these
two railroad bills have already been very fully
discussed, and I apprehend that very little fur-
ther will be said in discussion upon them. I
think if we meet here this evening at half past
seven o'clock we can dispose of both those biiis
without much further discussion; and I really
hope, as they are both extrenily important bills,
that the Senate will consent to take them up this
evening. For myself, I have nothing further
to say upon either of the bills, or, at any rate,
what I shall have to say will be very brief. I
do not think they will lead to any particular
discussion. We can then go on with the other
business before the Senate, and dispose of it.
I hope this resolution, with the amendment
including the Atlantic and Pacific bill, will be
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps, Mr. President,
it is not altogether suitable for mo to address
the Senate on the subject of what they should
as I have only just come back from a little do,
absence; but I feel fresh and am willing to
work. 1 cannot help being impressed by what
the Senator from Ohio has said. Here we are,
with but twelve or fifteen working days of the
session remaining, and not one single appro-
priation bill, I believe, is absolutely finished.
The Senator from Maine can correct me if f
am mistaken. Millions upon millions of money
are hanging here in the consideration of items
which ought to have time for their considera-
tion, ought to have deliberation, ought to have
care. Here is the whole question of inienial
taxation and external taxation too, for I be-
lieve the two are embodied in one^bill now, jet
to be considered. In view ot these facts it
seems to me that it is altogether wrong to make
any decisive declaration specifying that on any
particular evening or any particular day we
shall consider anything until these matters are
disposed of. We have only just.so much time
in which to do whatever business is tobedone,
and, therefore, it will be just as well for these
railway projects if that time is devoted to them
after we shall have considered these matters
of appropriation instead of before; for every
hour of this evening that is devoted to a rail-
road bill is taken away from these que^tionsof
taxation, of revenue, of appropriation, which
demand of us certainly our best time and our
best core. I hope really that we shall not
make any special order, although 1 am entirely
willing to sit this evening and work on; but
when we shall have finished these bills then we
can proceed with the others.
Mr. BAi'ARD. Mr. President, 1 was ip
