1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
Also, the petition of M. H. Brown and 51
others, citizens of Michigan, asking examina-
tion of the report of Special Commissioner
Wells.
Also, the petition of H. B. Tuttle & Co. and
other firms and citizens of Cleveland, Ohio,
asking that an appropriation be made to deepen
the St. Mary's Falls ship-canal.
Also, the 'petition of Cigar-Makers' Union
No. 17, of Cleveland, Ohio, in favor of duty
on imported cigars.
Also, the petition of J. Sedgebeer and 117
others, citizens of Painesville, Lake county,
Ohio, for reduction of postage on printed
matter.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 18,187p.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man. D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a copy
of a resolution adopted March 16, 1870, by the
American Society of Civil Engineers, urging
upon Congress the propriety of surveying the
Tehuant.epee isthmus before committing the
United States or capitalists to any route for a
ship-canal; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, in favor of the payment
of the claims of Massachusetts and Maine for
interest on advances to the United States dur-
ing the war of 1812-15 with Great Britain;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also received a peti-
tion, signed by more than fourteen hundred
citizens of this District, asking Congress to
adopt such legislation as will establish and
put in force a probate court in the District of
Columbia. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present resolutions of
the Assembly of the State of New York, call-
ing attention to the importance of a harbor of
refuge on the south side of Long Island sound,
and suggesting an appropriation for a purpose
specifically nominated in the resolutions. I
move that they be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Ipresentapetition. signed
by a number of masters of vessels and material-
men, praying early and favorable action on the
bill (S. No. 081) for the relief of ship-builders
and persons furnishing materials, and to pro-
vide a speedy remedy for the collection of
claims against domestic ships and vessels. I
move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present the remonstrance,
appeal, and solemn protest of the Choctaw
nation to Congress, signed by P. P. Pitchlynn.
I wish to say that it is an appeal of great power
and force, and I think it ought to attract the
attention of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives. I move that this memo-
rial be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the purport of the
memorial ?
Mr. WILSON. It is from the Choctaw
nation.
Mr. HARLAN. Protesting against what?
Mr. WILSON. Against the action of the
Government in regard to their nation.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to pre-
sent a petition very largely signed by citizens
of the county of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, who
represent that the mining and manufacture of
nickel is a large interest and employs a large
number of persons in that county, and they
pray for it some protection from the Govern-
ment. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I also present a petition,
signed by over three hundred names, from Penn-
sylvania, asking that increased protection be
given to all industries which require it, and that
in all changes of the tariff the interests of do-
mestic industry shall be considered paramount
to all other considerations. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
L. T. Wattson, of Philadelphia, in behalf of
J. G. .Cecil, Pulaski county, Virginia, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented six petitions from citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, repre-
senting that since the abandonment of the mil-
itary reservation of Fort Ridgely, in that State,
a large number of actual settlers have settled
and made extensive and valuable improvements
upon the lands pertaining to said reservation,
in good faith and under the impression that
they would be allowed to enter their respective
claimsunderthe preemption or homestead laws
of the United States, and therefore praying that
such action, at an early day, will bo taken as
will enable those settlers to perfect the titles
to their claims; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, giving their
assent to the favorable consideration by Con-
gress of the resolution adopted by the Legis-
lature of Michigan offering to code to the United
States the St. Mary's canal, and jurisdiction
over the same, so as to enable the General Gov-
ernment to make that canal free of all tolls or
charges upon vessels passing through the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPIIAGUE presented the petition of
George W. Thomas, late a private of company
E, second Rhode Island volunteers, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ABBOTT' presented the petition of W.
J. Hawkins, president of the Chatham Rail-
road Company, asking a modification of the
tax imposed "during the late civil war by the
Government on railroads; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. VIOKEUS presented the petition of
II. S. Ilartogensis, of the State of Maryland,
praying to be compensated for the loss of a
Government bond; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of R.
E. Rankin, jr., of Shreveport, Louisiana, pray-
ing the removal of political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
California, praying the establishment of mail
service from Oroville to Taylorville three times
per week, and the extension of that route to
Round Valley via Crescent Mills and Green-
ville ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CRAGLN. I present the petition of the
chiefs of all the bureaus in the Navy Depart-
ment, asking that when any officer below the
rank of rear admiral shall be appointed chief
of a naval bureau he shall have the sea pay
and allowances of a commodore. This peti-
tion is indorsed by the Secretary of the Navy
and by the President of the United States. I
move its reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. REVELS presented a petition of F. W.
Keyes and others, of Carrollton, the county
seat of Carroll county, Mississippi, members
of the bar, praying the removal of the United
States district court for the northern district
of Mississippi from Oxford to Holly Springs,
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of W. F. Tucker
and others, citizens of Okolona, Mississippi,
praying for the removal of the United States
district court for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi from Oxford to Corinth, Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Stephen
D. Bagley, of Perquimans county, North Caro-
lina, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Seward county,
Nebraska, praying for the establishment of a
mail route between Lincoln and Meriden in
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
N. T. Watkins, Halifax county, Virginia; of
R. E. Adams, Halifax county, Virginia; of
James F. Brooks, Halifax couuty, Virginia;
of John P. Bustow, Middlesex county, Vir-
ginia ; of William Griffin, Halifax couuty, Vir-
ginia; of R. Tuck, Halifax county, Virginia;
of C. T. C. Carr, Halifax county, Virginia; of
I. T. Morton, Henrico county, Virginia; of M.
S. Chancellor, Spottsylvania county, Virginia;
of B. D. Christian, New Kent county, Virginia;
of John I'. Hughes, Prince Edward county,
Virginia; of Armstcad More, Halifax county,
Virginia; of Allen W. Iiurst, Wythe county,
Virginia; and of Newton Wheeler, Wythe
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER. I present a joint memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama, askingfor increased postal routes in Ala-
bama. I request that it be read at length.
Thy VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
A joint memorial to Comrress, askin? for increased
postal facilities in Alabama.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted states of America ui Congress assembled:
Your memorialists, the senate and house of repre-
sentatives of the General Assembly of Alabama, re-
spectfully represent that many of the people of Ala-
bama have been for several years very inadequately
supplied with mail facilities, and that urgent need
now exists for the establishment of additional mail
routes, especially upon the Tennessee and Xombigbeo
rivers, and upon the lines of new railroads now rap-
idly advancing to completion in many parts of the
State; and they earnestly ask your adoption of such
measures as will meet the exigencies mentioned and
givo increased postal accommodation to the people
of Alabama.
R. H. BARR,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
JOIIX A. MART,
Speaker of the House pro tempore.
Approved March 3,1870.
W. II. SMITH, Governor.
The memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
harbor of dclut1i.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the com-
munication of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution.or
the Senate of January 28, 1870, the report or
the chief of engineers upon the survey or the
harbor of Duluth, at the head of Lake Supe-
rior, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
