1870.
TWH 'OONOttESSIONA L (JI-OBE.
2995
The second section provides that there AaU
be in said department an officer learned in the
law, to assist the Attorney General in the per-
formance of his duties, to be called the soli-
citor general, and who, in case of a vacancy in
the office of Attorney General, or in his
absence or disability, shall have power toexer-
cise all the duties of thrft office. There shall
also be continued in said department the two
other officers, learned in the law, called the
assistants of the Attorney General, whose duty
it shall be to assist the Attorney General and
solicitor general in the performance of their
duties, as now required by law.
The third section provides that from and
after the time when this act takes effect the
Solicitor of the Treasury and his assistants,
the Solicitor of Internal Revenue, the Naval
Solicitor and Judge Advocate General, and the
clerks, messengers, and laborers employed in
the office of the Attorney General, and in the
offices of the Solicitor of the Treasury, Naval
Solicitor, and Solicitor of Internal Revenue,
and the law office in the Department of State,
now designated as the examiner of claims in
said Department, shall be transferred from the
Departments with which they are now associ-
ated to the department of justice; and said
officers shall exercise theirfunctions under the
supervision and Control of the head of the
department of justice.
The. fourth section provides that questions
of law submitted to the Attorney General for
his opinion, except questions involving a con-
struction of the Constitution of the United
States, may be by him referred to such of his
subordinates as he may deem appropriate, and
he may require the written opinion thereon of
the officer to whom the same may be referred;
and if the opinion given by such officer shall
be approved by the Attorney General, such
approval so indorsed thereon shall give the
opinion the same force and effect as belong to
the opinions of the Attorney General.
The fifth section provides that whenever the
Attorney General deems it necessary, he may
require the solicitor general to argue any case
in which the Government is interested before
the Court of Claims; and as to cases coming
by appeal from the Court of Claims to the
Supreme Court of the United States, it shall
be the duty of the Attorney General and soli-
citor general to conduct and argue them before
that court as in other cases in which the Uni-
ted States is interested. And the Attorney
General may, whenever he deems it for the
interest of the United States, conduct and
argue any case in any court of the United
States, or may require the solicitor general or
any officer of his department to do so. And
the solicitor general, or any officer of the de-
partment of justice, may be sent by the Attor-
ney General to any.State or district in the
United States to attend to the interests of the
United States in any suit pending in any of
the courts of the United States, orin the courts
of any State, or to attend to aay other inter-
est of the United States; for which service
they shall receive, in addition to their salaries,
their actual and necessary expenses while so
absent from the seat of Government, the ac-
count thereof to be verified by affidavit.
The sixth section provides that whenever a
question of law arises in the administration
either of the War or Navy Department, the
cognizance of which is not given by statute to
some other officer from whom the head of
either of these Departments may require ad-
vice, the same shall be sent to the Attorney
General, to be by him referred to the proper
officer in his department provided for in this
act, or otherwise disposed of as he may deem
proper. And each head of any Department
of the Government may require the opinion
of the Attorney General on all questions of
law arising in the administration of their
respective Departments.
The seventh section provides that the duties
enjoined upon the Auditor of the Post Office
Department bytfcfe fourteenth section of the
act"entitled '' An act to change the organiza-
tion of the Post Office Department, and to
provide more effectually for the settlement of
the accounts thereof," passed July 2, 1836,
shall hereafter be performed by some officer
of the department of justice, to be specially
designated, under the direction of the Attorney
General, who shall also have the care of prose-
cutions for mail depredations and penal offenses
against the postal laws.
The eighth section provides that the Attor-
ney General is hereby empowered to make all
necessary rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of said department gf justice, and for the
management and distribution of its business.'
The ninth section provfdes that the several
officers hereinbefore transferred from the other
Departments to the department of justice shall
hold their respective offices until their suc-
cessors are duLy qualified; and the solicitor
general, and, whenever vacancies occur, the
assistants of the Attorney General and all the
solicitors and assistant solicitors mentioned
in this act, shall be appointed by the Presi-"
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. All the other officers^ clerks, and
employes in the said department shall be ap-
pointed and be removable by the Attorney
General.
The tenth section provides that the following
annual salaries shall be paid to the officers
hereinbefore mentioned: to thfe solicitor gen-
eral, $7,500; to each, of the assistants of the
Attorney General, $5,000 each; to the solicitor
of the internal revenue, $5,000; and to the
other officers the salaries and fees now allowed
by law; and the Attorney General shall be
allowed a stenographic clerk, with an annual
salary of $2,000, and he may appoint three
additional clerka of the fourth class.
The eleventh section provides that all moneys
hereafter drawn out. of the Treasury upon the
requisition of the Attorney General shall be
disbursed by Bnch one of the clerks herein pro-
vided for the Attorney General as he may
designate; and so much of the first section of
the act making appropriations, passed March
3, 1859, as provides that moneys drawn out of
the Treasury upon the requisition of the Attor-
ney General shall be disbursed by such dis-
bursing officer as the Secretary of the Treasury
may designate is hereby repealed.
The twelfth section provides that it shall be
the duty of the Attorney General to make an
annual report to Congress, iu January each
year, of the business of the said department of
justice, and any other matters appertaining
thereto that he may deem proper, including
the statistics of crime under the laws of the
United States, and, as far as practicable, under
the laws of the several States.
The thirteenth section provides that the
superintendent of the Treasury building shall
provide such suitable rooms in the Treasury
building as may bel necessary to accommodate
the officers and clerks of the said department,
or, to the extent that that may be found im-
practicable, to provide such rooms in some
other building in the vicinity of said Treasury
building.
The fourteenth section provides that the
Attorney General may require p.ny solicitor or
officers of the department of justice to per-
form any duty required of said department or
any officer thereof; and the officers of the law
department, under the direction of the Attor-
ney General, shall give all opinions and render
all services requiring the skill of persons
learned in the law necessary to enable the
President and heads of the Executive Depart-
ments to discharge their respective duties; and
shall, for and on behalf of the United States,
procure the proper evidence for, and conduct,
prosecute, or defend all suits and proceedings
in the Supreme Court of the United States,
and in the Court of Claims, in which the Uni-
ted States, ot any officer thereof, is a party
or may be interested. And no fees shall be
allowed or paid to any other attorney orcbttn-
selor at law for any service herein required
of the officers of the department of justice.
The fifteenth section provides that the super-
visory powers now exercised by the Secretary
of the Interior over the accounts of the dis-
trict attorneys, marshals, clerks, and other
officers of the courts of the United States
shall be exercised by the Attorney General,
who shall sign all requisitions for the advance
or payment of moneys out of the Treasury, on
estimates or accounts, subject to the same
control now exercised on like estimates or
accounts by the First Auditor or First Comp-
troller of the Treasury.
The sixteenth section provides that the Attor-
ney General shall have supervision of the con-
duct and proceedings of the various attorneys
for the United States in the respective judicial
districts, who shall make report to him of their
proceedings, and also of all other attorneys
and counselors employed in any cases or busi-
ness in which the United States may be con-
cerned.
The seventeenth section provides that it shall
not be lawful for the Secretary of either of the
Executive Departments to employ attorneys or
counsel at the expense of the United States ;
but such Departments, when in need of coun-
sel or. advice, shall call upon the department
of justice, the officers of which shall attend
to the same; and no counsel or attorney fees
shall hereafter be allowed to any person or
persons, besides the respective district attor-
neys and assistant district attorneys, for ser-
vices in such capacity to the United States, or
auy branch or department of the Government
thereof, unless authorized by law, and then
only on the certificate of the Attorney General
that such services were actually rendered, and
that the same could not be performed by the
Attorney General or solicitor general, or the
officers of the department of justice, or by the
district attorney. And every attorney and
counselor who shall be specially retained
under the authority of the department of jus-
tice to assist in the trial of any case in which
the Government is interested shall receive a
commission from the head of said department
as a special assistant to the Attorney General,
or to some one of the district attorneys, as the
nature of the appointment may require, and
shall take the oath required by law to be taken
by the district attorney, and shall be subject
to all the liabilities imposed upon such officers
by law.
The eighteenth section provides that the
Attorney General shall from time to time cause
to be edited aud printed an edition of one thou-
sand copies at the Government Printing Office
of such of the opinions of the law officers herein
authorized to be given as he may deem valu-
able for preservation, in volumes which shall
be as to the size, quality of paper, printing and
binding, of uniform style and appearance, as
nearly as practicable, with the eighth volume
of said opinions, published by Robert Farnham
in the year 1868, which volume shall contain
proper head-notes, a complete and full index,
and such foot-notes as the Attorney General
may approve. Such volumes shall be distrib-
uted in such manner as the Attorney General
may from time to time prescribe.
The nineteenth and last section provides that
this act shall take effect and be in force from
and after the 1st day of July, 1870.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
order of business,
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving that the-
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the special order I wish to ask that
there be unanimous consent that the Commit-
tee of the Whole take a recess from half past
four to half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That can be ordered by
a majority of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before the gentlemati
