2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
ij;o«i,Ohio makes his motion I desire to make
a suggestion to him with regard to the business
of the House. As we are to have a night ses-
si.00,1 submit that it would facilitate the busi-
ness of the House and satisfy many of the
niembers to have the House devote its atten-
tion to business on the Speaker's table, say for,
one hour, and then go into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill till five o'clock, and.
take a recess until half past seven.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it will better facili-
tate bilsiness to liave the tariff bill disposed of.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I only ask that there,
shall be au hour each day devoted to disposing,
of a large amount of busiuess on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. SCH&NCK. If that were agreed to it
would be very late in the day before we.could
reach the tariff.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman will
yield to me I will make a motion with that
object it) view.
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimouB con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution for reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D0X. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire the attention
of the House for one minute on this question
as to the order of business. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] wishes the House
to resolve itself iilto Committee of the Whole
on the tariff bill; and I suggest to the House
that it is desirable to vote that motion down
and then go to business on the Speaker's table
for one hour. I do not propose this simply'
because! have a bill oil the Speaker's table
which I desire to rtach, for I know that that1
bill wilt not be r^atfhed ih an hour. But 1'
desire that we shall devote One hour to the
business on theSpeaker'stable, and I am satis-
fied that by this course'We would greatly advance'
the public business. After that we could go
into Committee of the Whole and work on the
tariff bill during the rest of the day. If it is
the sense of the House to adopt the cburse I:
have suggested it can'be readily accomplished
by totitag down the motion to go into Com*
mittee of the' Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to further debate.
Oil the motion that the Committee of the
Whole take a recess from half past four until
half past seven, there were—ayes 93, noes 28.,
So the motion was agreed to.
: MESSAGE FROM THE 8ENATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
Concurred in the resolution of the House rela-
tive to printing the report of R. W. Raymond,
special'CoitiiiiiSsioner of mining statistics, on
mines and mining in the States and Territories
west of the Rocky1 mountains.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
joint resolution and bills of the. following"
titles: ' ,
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating
captured cannon for the purpose of construct-
ing a monument at West Point, New York,;
An act (H. R. No. 779) to redefine a portion
of the boundary line between the State, of
Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota;
' An act (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of
William A. Scott, late first lieutenant company
F, fourteenth regiment Illinois volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of ■
Joseph Harmon; and
An &ct (H, R. No.. 887) for the relief of
Harriet R. Clinton, ,
The message. further announced that the
Senate had passed House joint resolutions and
bill of the following titles, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested: \
Joint resolution (H. R.\No. 144) to enable
the Courtof Claims to liea^aad determine the
\
claim of E. Diekelmanr  subject; of the king
of Prussia;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) author-
izing the sale of certain land at Springfield,
Massachusetts, and for other purposes ; and
An act (H. R. No. 840) amendatory of
the organic law of Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions and bills of
the following titles, in which the concurrence'
of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the
relief of certain officers of volunteers; •
Joint resolution (8. R. No. 72) providing
for the repair of the ieclosnre of the cemetery
at Harper's Ferry, West Virginia ;
An act'(S. No. 613) to regulate the foreign
and coasting trade on the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 825) amendatory of an act
entitled "An act to farther provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State of Nevada," approved June 8,1808;
An act (S.No. 79) to further define the'<
nature and extent of'the duties and powers of
the coroner of the District of Columbia, and
prescribing his fees and the manner of collect- ■
ing the same;
An act (S. No. 606) amendatory of the char-
ter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of
th« Distriot of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 339) giving priority to certain'
cases to which a State is a party in the courts
of the United States;
An act (S: No. 625) to enable George D.
Roberts, of Alameda county, California, to
import certain machinery free of duty ;
An act (S. No. 620) ;to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to Remove the charge of deser-
tion from certain soldiers of the second North
Carolina mounted infantry," approved March
26, 1869; . "
An act (8. No. 210) relating to judgments
in justices' coarts in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes ;•
Anjact (S. No. 140) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama;
An act (S. No. 582) for the relief of George
W. Tarleton;
An act (S. No.
A. Coolidge;
An act (S. No
noon E. Bowles;
An act (8. No. 652) for the relief of Captain
John A. Wilcox j
An act (S. No. 624) granting a pension to
William H. Oliver;
An act (Si No. 625) granting a pension to
Adrian S; Leef
An act (S. No.. 626) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Stubbfr j • -
An act (S. No. 627) granting a pension to
Abel S. Chase; ■ -
An act (S. No. 628) granting a pension to
Clark Hall; and
An act"(S. No. 629) granting'* pension to
Joseph Fiedler.
t>UDlER. Of BUSINESS."
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks unanimous
consent to lay before the House a letter, from
the Secretary of the Interior, in answer.to a
resolution of the House of March 20,1870, in
relation to the efforts that have been made by,
the Government to educate and civilize the
Indian tribes. . .
Mr. INGERSOLL. Unless the Speaker has
information that these executivecommunica-
tions which be proposes to lay before the
House relate to some matters of special public
i mpor tance,withgreatdeference to the Speaker,
I must object.
The SPEAKER. It is to be presumed that
they are all of public importance, or they would
not be here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do aot wish ^antag-
onize the Speaker.
846) for the relief of Mary
65ft) for the relief of Solo-
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a per-
fect right to object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object. The House
can at any time go to business ou the Speaker's
table*
lgayk op absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Jutjak
for ten days, he being detained in New York
by sickness.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE obtained leave of ab-
sence for one week, commencing to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN; of Massachusetts, ob-
tained leave of absence for ten days on account
of sickness in his family.
Mr. GIBSON obtained leave of absence
until Friday next.
Mr. STOKES obtained leave of absence for
one day.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Bar-
NtJil for ten days from the 27th instant.
conference committee.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Schenck, Mr. Dawes, aud Mr.
Voouhees conferees on the part of the House
on the disagreeing yotps of the two Houses on
the amendment ot the Senate, disagreed to by
the House, to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
120) declaratory of thq meaning and intention
of the law relating to income tax.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I inove that when the
House shall,again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the special order all de-
bate on the pending paragraph in relation to
bar iron be closed in fifteen minutes after the
consideration of the same shall have been
again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resqlve itself into
Committee of the Whole .upon the special
order.
The motion was.agreed to.
The House, accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on th-e state of the
Union, ,(ilr. wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed, the consideration ,of the special order,
being the bill (H. XI., No. 1068) to, amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was last in session it had under consideration
the following paragraph of the bill:
Oil iron bars, rolled or hammered, (comprising flat
bars.) not Ies3 than one and a half nor more than four
inches wide, nor less than half aninefrnortnorethan
two thiek, 1 cost per pound.
Thegentletaan from New YorkfMr. Brooks}
moved to strike out " 1 cent per pound" and
insertin lieu thereof the words " $18 per ton.''
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr, SteveKbon]
moved to strike out "$18" and insect "$1650."
Upon this paragraph and amendments thereto
all debate will close, by order of the House, in-
fifteen minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Brooks's
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$18" and inserting
'*$18 50."
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought there wm an
amendment to the amendment pending.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object hereafres to the
withdrawal of any amendment. 1 want to vote
on everything offered to-day. !
Mr. ALLISON. I offer -this amendment
for the purpose of calling attention for a m *
ment to this paragraph. It was staled .yester-
day by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] that inasmuch as we had fixed the
duty on slabs, blooms, loops, &c,, at $18 a
ton, we should increase the dnty upon bar
iron, £ want to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that Blabs and blooms
