4884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
hopes that as this matter of the order of busi-
ness and of the rightful claim of priority for a
certain class of business over other classes of
business was under discussion, the honorable
Senator from Vermont would likewise consider
the practical result of attempting to work by
night as well as by day until exhaustion should
supervene and prevent the accomplishment of
much of any value. We have here a resolution,
which I endeavored to have called up and get
acted upon this morning, to get rid of night
sessions as a rule, leaving open, however, to
specific motion in the Senate a special night
session if it should be demanded in any emer-
gency, but to take from us this load of night
work as well as day work which comes in, with
no relief whatever to the increasing fatigue
caused by this hot weather. I think it is plainly
a practical proposition that more useful labor,
more useful results pan bo accomplished by
sitting from eleven o'clock until five, and dis-
pensing with night sessions, than bysittiug from
eleven to five and then dragging out a languish-
ing evening without any practical result except
to break down the strength of members of the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Delaware that it is not desir-
able for the Senate to continue the system of
evening sessions as we meet at the early hour
we now do, eleven o'clock; or our hour of
meeting might be changed even to ten, if the
Senate saw fit; but I think we had better not
come in the evening as a general rule. But
while I agree with that, I do think we had bet-
ter come this evening, in order to act 011 the
two bills which my friend from Michigan pro-
poses to bring up. And here allow me to
remark to my friend from Vermont that if
these bills were new in this Chamber, if the
discussion was to begin, I should hesitate to
set apart the evening for it; but the Senator
must bear ir. mind that these bills have already
been discussed, and it is not supposed there
will be much further discussion upon them, and
the idea is simply to bring them to a vote; that
is all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not often participate
in these discussions about the 01 der of business,
but I feel bound, as I am on the Finance Com-
mittee, to act in cooperation with the chairman;
and I wish to make a single remark in reference
to the business proposed for this evening. I
have endeavored to advise myself somewhat
of the condition of business iu the IIousc of
Representatives; and, while I may be mistaken,
I am pretty well satisfied that no railroad bill
will pass the House at this session. J believe
there is a very large number of railroad bills
of various descriptions upon the table of the
House at this time not acted on at all, not taken
up either for reference or for action; and these
bills must necessarily go there and take their
places below the other bills that have been cent
to the House; and it appears to me that it is
exceedingly improbable that these bills, if they
pass the Senate, will become laws at this ses-
sion. They may, however. I am in favor of
the bills, and want to vote for them whenever 1
can get a chance; but it does appear to me that
the question of reducing the taxation of the
country is a question paramount to all others
before Congress at this time, unless it be the
appropriation bills.
Mr. NYE. The proposition is simply to take
an evening that will not be otherwise occupied
to finish up these bills to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to make a re-
mark in regard to evening sessions, which may
perhaps be in order now, although I tried to make
the remark some little time ago when it was
out of order. We have agreed to adjourn on a
given day, and every Senator knows that there
is a given amount of public business that most
bo done. It is more agreeable to Senators, per-
haps, not to meet at all. There is a certain
amount of business which most be completed,
and it may bo more agreeable to Senators, I
say, not to meet during the day; but what is
agreeable and convenient to us is not the ques-
tion. We are in charge of the public business,
and I only speak now of the leading measures
which must have the action of Congress to
sustain the Government and carry on its opera-
tions. Everybody knows that there is another
character of business besides legislative which,
will occupy a good deat of our time—I doubt
if we can complete it before Friday. Saturday
we have agreed to devote to the bill of my friend
from New York. Sunday we cannot, sit, Mon-
day is the 4th of July; and we shall have abso-
lutely, after completing the bill of the Senator
from New York on next Saturday, but nine
working days left of this session. I consider this
week as already bargained away and gone.
Every day and every night has been assigned
to some business, and it cannot be completed
unless we have night sessions.
While a night session is not any more agree-
able to me than other Senators, such is my con-
viction of the public duly that we have to dis-
charge here that I am willing to sit every night;
I am willing to sit on the Fourth of July; and,
excepting only the Sabbath clay and night., until
the 15th of July. If we do that, I think we can
complete the public business. There is no
apology for Senators trying to excuse them-
selves on the ground of personal convenience.
We have not accepted our positions here for
our personal convenience. It is our duty, our
solemn duty, to transact the business before us,
and the whole of it, before we adjourn. It is
no argument to me that the House of Eepre-
sentatives are not going to do their duty. I
do not believe it is in order for the Senator
from Oregon to tell us, in order to influetico the
action of the Senate, that the House of Repre-
sentatives is not going to do anything. I do not
know anything about that. Our duty here in
the Senate is to do our duly; and I have every
confidence to believe that the House of Repre-
sentatives will do theirs. I have not under-
stood that they have agreed not, to do anything :
but whether 1 had or not it is not in order to
bring it in here to influence the action of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLTNG. It is in order to.refer to
the number of bills that we have already sent
to them.
Mr. POMEROY. I insist that, we should
make up our minds to sit here every night, and
on the Fourth of July. too.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to ask what
is the question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on assigning this evening for the consideration
of the Soul hem Pacific lailroad bill, and the
amendment is t,o include the'biil for the Atlan-
tic and Pacific road'.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend from Kansas hardly seems to be aware
of that,
Mr. POMEROY. TheSenatormustbeaware
that I am entirely iu order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
bul (hat, you are.
Mr. MORTON. Will lh« Senator allow me
to make a snogestion tp him ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Kansas is that we shall sit every
night, and even or. the Fourth of July; that
we shall overwork ourselves, and in all prob-
ability make ourselves sick, to prevent continu-
ing the session a few drys alV-r the loth of
July, and taking things moderately and not
suffering very much by it. Now, sir, if the
public business demands it, wo ought to post-
pone our adjournment for a few days. There
is no economy iu health rr in any oilier way to
propose to sit here night, af„cr night and over-
work ourselves during this very hot weather,
to avoid postponing the adjournment for a
few days. The part of wisdom would be, if
we eamio1, gel, iluough reasonably in the time
fixed, to Stay here until the 20th or the ~oth of
July; and 1 would raihei do that than "work
here night after night during this hot weather.
' Mr. POMEROY. If the Senate will post-
pone the'day of adjournment, then I liavej
nothing tabfe to saf ".
Mr. MORTON, r am willing to do So, if
necessafy.
Mr. POMEROY;. _ But that is out of the
question, in my opinion. These two Houses
of Congress have made up their minds to go
home on the 15th, and have'agreed to do it.
I do not know how it is with others, but I am
not the least afraid of being overworked. <
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask my
friend from Kansas if this would not be a bet-
ter proposition: to vote instead of talking, as
we do every dayj and spending the whole morn-
ing hour in determining what we shall do? Let
us make up our minds to vote, not talk.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ne-
braska will bear in mind that Ido my share of
voting, and talk much less than he docs.
Mr. THAYER. I do not apply that remark
to my friend from Kansas any more than to
the w'hole Senate. I make it generally. Let
us all agree to vote instead of talking.
Mr. POMEROY. I have never been absent
from a night session, and never expect to be.
I am here every night from the beginning to ■
the end of the session, and I am not the least
afiaicl of being overworked. I could work
every day and every night until the 15th of
July, if necessary, and I believe the Senate can
do it, and I think it is our duty to do it.
Mr. McDONALD. I move to amend the
pending motion by adding Senate bill No. 838,
which has heretofore been considered, and
which it will take but a few moments to pass
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the Ori-
ental Steamship Company bill?
Mr. McDONALD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas moves to amend by adding the Ori-
ental Steamship Company bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. After the experience we
have hud of night sessions, especially the last
week, their exhaustive nature in this heated and
impure atmosphere of the Senate Chamber, I
am very much opposed 
Mr. McDONALD. Will the Senator allow
me one moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hate one
moment myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to yield at present.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 am very much opposed
to night sessions for anything in the nature of
contested or weighty basiaess. I have little or
no objection to a night session for the purpose
of going through the Calendar of unobjected
business; but to devote these hot and debili-
tating nights in this Corrupted atmosphere to
business of grave importance is certain to re-
sult in two things: one is the exhaustion of
the mambers who feel it their duty to como
here and attend to the business that is going
on instead of staying away, or if they do come
here, transacting their private business with-
out much atl ention to the business that is under
discussion.
It is not, a question, let me say to the Sen-
ator from Kansas who has last spoken, of per-
sonal convenience. I think no Senator would
feel himself justified in putting the question
of night sessions upon any such ground. It is
a question of the fit, and orderly and useful
transaction of public business. What can you
expect fiora a Senate where frequently there
is not a quorum present' nor half a quorum
dining the body of the debate? What catlyon
expect of a Senate whose members" sit here
exhausted, wearied, unable to concentrate their
thoughts upon any subject requiring intellec-
tual effort?
It is nothing to say. that these railroad bills
have all been debated. So tliey have";* but the
circumstance that they still remain to be dis-
cussed shows that discussion is not exhausted.
I recognize the Southern Pacific railroad bill
as a measure of general and' public interest.
