1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
tiou of amount, which, though not objection-
able in principle, has been found to lead to
false results, is that the census of 1860 (and I
take the latest and best work under this law)
omits from the products of manufacturing and
mechanical industry the results of the labor
of more than half a million of the most highly
skilled and amply remunerated artisans.
Thus, of 450,634 persons belonging to four
trades only, (carpenters, blacksmiths, painters,
and coopers,) as given in the tables of occupa-
tions, we find but 39,389, or less than nine per
cent., accounted for in the tables of production
in the volume on Manufactures. The 411,245
artisans of these four trades thus omitted, had
they produced to the same value as the mem-
bers of their trades who are reported, would
have added something like $475,000,000 to the
gross, or $285,000,000 to the net annual pro-
duction of the country; an addition in the
former case of one fourth, and in the latter
case of one third to the total reported.
It is possible, though somewhat doubtful,
that some addition ought to be made to this
number of 39,389 on account of owners and
employers not reported in the columns of labor.
An analysis of the tables would appear to
show that in many cases employers in these
trades have included their own labor in their
returns; but at the outside the addition on this
account could not do more than raise the per-
centage above indicated from nine to thirteen.
It is not, of course, to be supposed that
exact correspondence will obtain between the
lists of occupation and production; but an
omission of eighty-seven per cent, is serious,
and does manifest wrong to American indus-
try.
But it is not alone by such wholesale Qmis-
Bions in the final totals of production that the
provisions of the existing law are seen to be
inadequate. The industrial schedule of 1850
is wholly unequal to the demands of econom-
ical science. We need to kn&w more; we have
a right to know more of the manufacturing
industries of the country than can be obtained
through such an enumeration as that of 1850
or 1860. The fourteen questions of the sched-
ule contained in the old law are insufficient
in number, badly chosen, and some of them
are improperly expressed to obtain what they
intend. There are few branches of manufac-
ture so simple that anything like a satisfactory
view can be obtained of them through the
existing schedule—such a view as we ought to
have of every important industry. For exam-
ple, "number of hands employed." Query,
does this mean the number engaged on the
work, or only employes t The former is philo-
logically the correct s«nse, but the latter is what
the law intends. Again, there is no definition
of1' raw materials,'' and no two manufacturers
would understand the same thing by the expres-
sion. "Cost of labor" is also ambiguous. Does
it mean "wages paid," or does it include the
value of the labor of the.carpenter, blacksmith,
&c., working with his journeyman or appren-
tice ? And yet it is proposed in 1870 to report
the great manufacturing industries of the coun-
try on this old scheme of 1850.
But, sir, there is a more important failure in
the old law, which concerns no special indus-
try, no peculiar values, but the whole Repub-
lic, and all the people thereof. Not a single
inquiry under that old law is framed in the
interest of that higher science which seeks the
sanitary and social advancement of the com-
munity and the just distribution of the results
of industry between master and workman.
When that law was framed such questions as
those relating to wages and profits, the hours
of labor, the employment of women, the con-
ditions of health to the -laboring man, com-
manded little attention. At the present time
I need not say they are of overwhelming inter-
est, and the best thought of the country de-
mands that the inquiries of jour census shall
be so framed as to secure the information
necessary to guide legislation on these subjects
which are destined to such sway in the public
councils, as in the thoughts of men.
This, sir, is what I have to say on the failure
of the old law in respect to its inquiries. Do
I use too strong language when I speak of
failure? Are you willing that the census in
1870 shall be taken with the omissions which
I have described; that there shall be a poor
and inadequate report on agriculture; that
there shall be nothing on the mighty domestic
commerce of the country; nothing on the rail-
way interest; that fisheries, if named at all,
shall come grotesquely under the head of man-
ufactures; that mining interests shall find a
place only with cotton-spinning and paper-
making ; that manufactures shall be treated in
the imperfect and perfunctory way which I
have described; and that there shall be abso-
lutely nothing, not one inquiry bearing on the
sanitary and social conditions of this great
Republic ? Are you willing that a census with
all these omissions shall receive the sanction
of Congress in 1870? I trust not. But unless
you accept this conclusion, unless you are will-
ing to witness this accumulated, transcendent
failure, to see this terrible incompetency in your
work, you must reject the report of your com-
mittee ; for, as I said at the beginning, the ques-
tion presented by that report is plainly and pre-
cisely on the sufficiency of the old law of 1850;
it is this and nothing else. If you accept the
report of the committee you fall back upon
the old law.
Here allow me to say that if you proceed, as
I assume you will, with the consideration of
the House bill it will be open to all possible
amendment. The schedules may be modified;
they may, according to a familiar phrase, be
cut down; there may be substitutions; the bill
itself may be materially changed, or it may
give way to some intermediate proposition;
but I trust that whatever may be the result,
you will come to no conclusion which does not
secure a practical census, worthy of the age
and of our Republic, and calculated to be an
instrument of good. Such a census cannot be
had under the old law.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Senator
from Rhode Island does notdesire to go on to-
night I should like to occupy the floor for
about five minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not desire to go on
to-night. I should like to make some remarks
on this bill; and if it can be understood that I
shall have the floor to-morrow at one o'clock
I will now yield.
Mr. ^MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment reported
by the committee.
And also to enlarge the same, so as to include the
subjects of petroleum, sorghum, molasses, grapes,
wine, cocoon-silk, wages of labor, libraries, tele-
graphs, railroads, fisheries, and areaoftimber lands;
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
have power to increasethe compensation of assistants
of subdivisions, notexceeding the sum of twenty-five
per cent, in any case where, in his judgment, it
may be proper and necessary.
I ask to have the amendment printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to
print it will be made if no objection there be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am some-
what surprised, Mr. President, that after the
trenchant speech of the Senator from NewYork
and the very elaborate and painstaking speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts so little
interest should be manifested in thiB bill. Cer-
tainly the interest of the Senate seems down
to zero; and yet we shall hardly have before
as at this session a bill that will be of more
vital importance to the country than the one
now under consideration. The arguments that
have been made seem to me rather to prove
that neither the Senator from New York nor
the Senator from Massachusetts will be likely
to prevail. The one neutralizes the other.
I am strongly in sympathy with the Senator
from Massachusetts so far as making some
improvement upon the census that was taken
in 1850 and 1860 is concerned; but it has now
got to be so late, and there is so little disposi-
tion to enter upon this subject and to consider
it thoroughly, that I am quite satisfied the bill
of the House will not receive any considerable
amount of favor in this body. And when the
Senator from Massachusetts stigmatizes the
proposition of the committee who have reported
on this subject as having presented a bill that
will not work, I cite to him the fact that it has
worked already, and under it we have obtained
two censuses, if not altogether satisfactory,
certainly of very considerable value.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that we
ought to be able to reconcile all differences
ana reach a speedy result.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me to
correct him ? I said it would not work because
the limitation of price which was sufficient in
1850 is not sufficient in 1870, and that there-
fore you could not get competent agents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
reiterated, time and again, throughout the
course of his remarks that the machinery
would not work. In all the forms of expression
he denounced it as a bill that would not work.
Now, sir, it seems to me that if we shall
enlarge the schedule as I have proposed—I
do not say the proposition which 1 have made
is exactly correct, but I believe there is not a
single item in it which will not receive the
assent of at least a majority of this body—I
think that with the addition ofthe various items
which I have proposed it i^ probable that the
amendment reported by the committee is the
best bill we can get, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will see that the proviso which I
offer enables the Secretary of the Interior, in
all cases where he may deem it proper and
necessary, to increase the compensation of the
assistants of subdivisions to the extent of
twenty-five per cent.
And now, Mr. President, let me call the
attention of the Senator from Massachusetts
to the fact that in his schedule, which he
has so elaborately prepared, there are but two
items of all the subjects I have included in
the proposition now made which he has even
mentioned; one is the subject of vineyards
and the other of fisheries. He has left out
all the other subjects which I have enumer-
ated, such as petroleum, such as silk, such as
the area of our timbered landSr such as the
wages of labor, such as telegrapns.
1 do not desire to take up the time of the
Senate, but to propose something as between
these two antagonist propositions which will
meet the assent of the Senate. I think I
hatfe done so; I hope so, at' least. I now
yield the floor to the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island if he will give way for
a motion to go into executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 8, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DETERMINATION OF CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. PAINE. In compliance with the in-
structions of the Committee of Elections I give
notice, under the rule, that at some future day
the resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk
will be offered to the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the following be adopted M a ruls
of the House: . „ , .
A special Committee of Eleotions shall be ohwwnin
