94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
Senate.
San Juan Island—Mr. Howard.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
to render any further discussion of the subject en-
tirely fruitless."
On receiving a copy of this dispatch, Lord
Russell seems put to his wits for an explana-
tion. In his dispatch to Lord Lyons, ofthe29th
November, he says:
"That declaration, which was to the effect that
no settlement of the question will be accepted by
her Majesty's Government which does not provide
!< r the island of Sail Juan being reserved to the
liiitish Crown, appears to have given rise to some
misconception. When the meaning of a treaty is, in
the opinion of one of the parties, clearly in favor of
tat} interpretation it has adopted, but the interests
nl stake are unimportant, the point in dispute may
be willingly yielded for the sake of peace and good
neighborhood; but when the meaning is, in the opin-
ion of one of the parties, clearly in their favor, and
the interests at stake are at the same time highly
important, a concession which would involve both
an evident right and a valuablo interest eould hardly
bo expected. Such was the sense in which I wrote
that we could not accept a settlement which would
deprive the British Crown of the island of San Juan."
So that his former declaration that his Gov-
ernment would accept of no compromise and
no settlement, under any circumstances, that
should not give it that island, is made to stand
as amere appreciation, an estimate of thegreat
value of the island ; but in his dispatch he is
careful not to retract his former language, nor
to vary its obvious and unmistakable meaning
and intention.
Again, in his subsequent dispatch to Lord
Lyons of the lGth of December, he repeats
that—■
"Her Majesty's Government were merely insist-
ing upon the retention of an island which, from the
peculiarity of its situation, it was impossible for her
Majesty's Government to cede without compromising
interests of the gravest importance."
On recevingthis dispatch, General Cass was
still unsatisfied to go on with the negotiation.
In ]iia dispatch to Mr. Dallas of the 4th Feb-
ruary, 18G0, lie says :
"But I am prevented from pursuing these consider-
ations, because, as I have already stated, the discus-
sion has been practically foreclosed by the declara-
tion of Lord John Russell, that it can, under no
circumstances, atiect the British claim."
Thus the dilemma produced by Lord John
Russell'speremptory declaration still remained.
In his dispatch to Lord Lyons of March 9,1860,
speaking of it, he says:
"That explanation was offered by her Majesty's
Government in all sincerity and candor, and your
lordship will, I doubt not, share the disappointment
of her Majesty's Government that it has not been
accepted as satisfactory. I can only now repeat,
and your lordship will earnestly impress this upon
General Cass, that the United States Government
has entirely misconceived the purport of my declar-
ation."
And this diplomatic mensonge, this averment
that General Cass had "misconceived" the
import of a statement made in plain English,
which every plow-boy and every milk-maid in
the land understands at once, is accepted as
such a retraction of the offensive expression,
such a retreat from the aggressive position of
Great Britain on this question, thatlhe business
of negotiation again proceeds. Our Secretary,
in his dispatch to Mr. Dallas of April 23, ac-
cepts it—for he could do no less—as a state-
ment that the declaration of August 24 was
" not intended to convey the meaning which
this Government had attached to it."
But that such an intention did exist, and was
plainly expressed in that declaration, no one
can for a moment doubt; that it was not miscon-
ceived by our Government, is equally certain.
And even if left to stand upon Lord Russell's
explanation of November 20, the purpose of
the British Government is not less clear. It
is expressed in language almost as peremptory.
It is that—
"A concession which involves both an evident
rightandavaluableinteresteanhardly be expected."
But the door being thus opened, General
Cass, in his note to Lord Lyons of June 25,
1860, expressed his readiness—
"To receive and fairly consider any proposition
which the British Government may ba disposed to
make for a mutually acceptable adjustment, with
an earnest hope that a satisfactory arrangement will
speedily put an end to all danger of the recurrence
of those grave questions which have more than once
threatened to interrupt the good understanding
which both countries have so many powerful motives
to maintain."
Meanwhile the joint military occupation of
San Juan, agreed to by General Scott in 1809,
was recognized by both the Governments ; an
arrangement which, not resting upon any law
or constitutional provision, has been and still
is resisted by the civil authorities of Washing-
ton Territory, who are in turn punished, or
sought to be punished, for attempting to exe-
cute the laws of the Territory, by the military
authorities of their own country, who in their
turn are again held amenable to the civil
authorities of the same country, presenting, as
Major General Halleck says, in his letter of
November 18,1867, "an anomalous condition
of affairs on that frontier.''
But the negotiation respecting San Juan and
the water boundary took another step, in the
form of a letter from Lord Lyons to General
Cass, of December 10, 1860, proposing an
arbitration, and, curious enough, naming the
king of the Netherlands, the king of Sweden,
and the president of the Federal Council of
Switzerland as the persons from whom the
arbiter should be selected.
I am not aware that this letter was ever
answered, except by selecting the president of
that Council, as Secretary Seward did in the
concoction of this treaty. Strange to say,
he passed by our old friends the emperor of
Russia, the king of Prussia, the emperor of
Brazil, the president of the republic of Mex-
ico, (a very able and competent man,) and pro-
posed no name himself in this serious matter
involving the limits of the Republic as well as
commercial interests of great magnitude.
Mr. President, I confess I am not strongly
attached to the policy of settling by arbitra-
tion any question arising out of the foreign
relations of the United States, and would not
encourage it. I do not think that in the long
run that mode of composing differences will
be found conducive to our harmony with other
nations or to the confidence of our own people
in their Government. In both cases the best
arbitrator of our claims is found in that culti-
vated and well-observed sense of justice which
has hitherto marked and ought ever to mark
our course; in that disposition to do right so
eloquently inculcated in Washington's Farewell
Address—a justice that inspires respect at
home and abroad; and in our power as a Gov-
ernment to redress national wrongs.
_ Such a policy inevitably tends to impair that
high sense of honor and of national responsi-
bility before the world for acts done to us and
of acts done by us, without which we should
soon lose our standing in the family of nations.
It tends to belittle the national dignity. It
encourages both aggression and subserviency
at the same time, by the expectation it creates
that the difference will be easily settled by
arbitration, and invites the nation, whether the
occasion be great or small, to become a party
litigant, begging the justice and protection of
some emperor, king, prince, or president;
wrangling, squabbling in foreign courts to
maintain its rights or to evade a just responsi-
bility._ It is the policy of litigation, voluntary
litigation, and is demoralizing, because in every
case there is an implied confession that after
all we may be in the wrong. It impairs the
confidence of the people in the good sense and
good judgment of their own Government,
teaches them to doubt whether their own coun-
try is right or wrong, and thus dampens the
national spirit and saps the foundation of pa-
triotism ; and what is the worst of all, it takes
from the constituted authorities of the nation
the duty of protecting the honor, the ri;
and the interests of the whole people, and
commits them to other hands, reducing those
constituted authorities to the humble character
of mere solicitors for justice before a foreign
master, instead of requiring them to demand
and enforce that justice, upon the responsibility
of the people they represent.
Least of all should a question of territorial
limits be referred to arbitration. I know of
no precedent of the kind in our own history or
that of other countries. Such a mode of settle-
ment, although not perhaps prohibited by the
Constitution of the United States, is yet open
to great objection. Itdisturbsand disappoints
the American citizen who has become a settler
and has invested his means on the faith of the
Government, and who is unwilling to renounce
his allegiance to his country and to be trans-
ferred to another. This island began to be
settled by our people as early as 1850 or 1851.
In 1852 it was, by the laws of Oregon Territory,
included in one of its counties. Territorial
taxes were levied and collected there. It was
after this occnpancy by our citizens that the
Hudson Bay Company intruded upon the
island and inaugurated this dispute while our
people were settling upon it.
These settlers or their representatives are still
there, subject to General Scott's "joint mili-
tary occupation." Their families, their homes,
their property are there ; a fact well known to
the American negotiator of this treaty. And
yet the treaty contains not one word relating
to their persons or property, grants them no
protection, no right to sell and remove from
the island, but turns them over like serfs and
slaves to their new masters, should the Presi-
dent of the Swiss Confederation so will, sub-
jecting them to be expelled by force from their
possessions, their houses and lands. To what
authority, to what law can they appeal? None!
They must flee when warned, though their
"flight be in the winter or on the Sabbath
day," and be agonized by the presence of
"them that be with child and them that give
suck." This may come of referring this ques-
tion of boundary to arbitration, an utter aban-
donment of the duty of protecting our own
citizens and a heartless transfer of their desti-
nies to the Power whose dragooning and whose
arts may have finally prevailed!
We have but a moment ago rejected the
Alabama claims treaty, because, in the lan-
guage of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, [Mr. Sumner,] it was " a
snare.'' This treaty is a worse one. It places
our important territorial rights—rights which
Mr. Polk and Mr. Buchanan refused and prop-
erly refused to submit to arbitration in this
same northwestern region—in the keeping of
the "President of the Swiss Confederation,"
the temporary head of a feeble State without
permanent official position or responsibility,
possessing in small measure the dignity of head
of a State ; a man without known eminence as
a jurist, a man unfamiliar with our language
and institutions, representing a small nation;
it places in his feeble hands both the honor of
our country and its indubitable territorial
rights; and invites him, if he can be induced
so to do, to tarnish that honor and to transfer
those rights.
Sir, I will consent to no such thing. I cannot
agree that because we have rejected the Ala-
bamaclaims treaty we are called upon to relieve
British mortification at that act by gracefully
letting England haveher way in Puget's sound.
My reading and observation have made me
too well acquainted with the great historic
truth of her diplomacy, that she is more prac-
ticed in evading treaties than any other civilized
nation. I cannot forget that after the settle-
ment of the northeastern boundary question it
turned out from maps and other evidence in
her own possession but never made known to
