1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
110ft
each contested ea*e, as follows: the Speake* shall
designate a day for the choice of such committee, and
shallgive the House at least five days' notice thereof.
At ten o'clock in the forenoon of the day so desig-
nated thestanding Committee of Elections shall meet
publicly in the Hall of the House of Representatives,
andshall prepare alist of thenames of theRepresent-
luouttwcjui
atives holding uncontested seats in the llonse, ex-
cepting such as shall not have answered to their names
during thecurrent session of Congress, and excepting
al;o such as shall have been already designated as
members of two special Committees of Elections dur-
ing the current term of Congress. The committee
shall then inclose in a box all the name* on such
list, and after the same shall have been thoroughly
intermingled shall cause twenty-one to be drawn
out singly and read aloud, and, unless objected to, re-
corded. Either party may objectto any of the names
so drawn, and tho same shall be rejected, and other
names, in like manner, drawn iu liou thereof, sub-
ject also to objection and rejection, until thenames
drawn without objection shall amount, either alone
or added to the number of names remaining in the
box, to precisely twenty-one. The twenty-one names
so obtained having been recorded, the parties shall,
in the alphabetical order of their own names, strike
each one name from tho list, successively ,un til twelve
shall be stricken therefrom; and the Representa-
tives whose names shall remain shall constitute tho
special Committee of Elections for such contested
case, and in the trial thereof shall bo subject to the
laws, rules, and orders hitherto regulating the pow-
ers, duties, and proceedings of thestanding Commit-
teo of Elections, so faras tnesameshall be applicable
thereto. The final decision of a majority of the whole
Eeci&l committee so chosen shall be reported to the
ouse, and shall stand as the order of the Hense,
unless the House shall otherwise determine. This
rule shall not apply to any case in which & final
report shall have been submitted to tho House by
the standing Committee of Elections before the
adoption of the same; nor shall it be the rule of the
House of Representatives of any future Congress
unless expressly adopted by such House.
Mr. PAINE. I ask that that resolution be
printed.
Mr. ALLISON. • I think that this proposi-
tion ought to go to the Committee on the Rules.
I move that it be so referred.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
suggest an amendment at this time?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
to consider an amendment^ because the reso-
lution itself cannot be considered at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was abont to suggest
that we might simplify the process by arrang-
ing a method by which these questions shall be
determined directly by chance without such
cumbrous machinery. The Speaker might
direct the Clerk to adopt some test of chance,
either by dice or by some other of the usual
modes of determining chances, and in that way
decide these questions. concerning disputed
rights to seats.
Mr. RANDALL. I would rather abide the
chances of the dice than the decision of an
improperly appointed committee.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] has fallen into a mistake in
supposing that this resolution is offered for
action now. I have merely given notice that,
under the rule, I shall at some future day offer
this resolution. I ask now that it may be
printed. When it shall come up for considera-
tion the House can, of course, dispose of it as it
ple&ses
The SPEAKER. The Chair takes occasion I
to state to the House what does not seem to be
exactly understood as to the process of amend-
1 phe ra^es of the House. At each session
of Congress it is nsual to adopt a resolution •
similar in form to that which the Clerk will
read, and which was adopted last March.
The Clerk read as follows:
Vommitt<?e of five-t0 consist of
J? n i, r UIj numbers, be appointed, to
whi h, nai ferred the rules of the House, and
r?g.bt to report at any time such
revision of the same as they may
,pi>' and such report when made shall be
considered by the House as a special order.
pie SPEAKER. This rule prescribes the
only method in which propositions to amend
the rules may be introduced so as to brine the
attention of the House to them at any time,
i he right to give a day's notice of a proposition
to amend the rules is one that requires unani-
mous consent. A member desiring to amend
the rales can only give notice during the call
oi btates on Monday morning or by askine
unanimous consent. The question now before
the House is whether it will grant unanimous
consent to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr,
Pain*] to give this notice.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman will not
11 object to my giving notice now of the intro-
duction of the resolution.
, Mr. MAYNARD. With the view which I
, entertain of this proposition I must object to
it at every stage.
Mr. COX. If this matter is to be debated
, we on this side want to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not
before the House. Objection being made, no-
; tice has not been given under the rules. The
resolution will be returned to the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
fkankino privilege petitions.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
, consideration of the resolution offered yester-
day by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Laflin.] , Ihe rules were suspended to allow
it to be introduced, and having been pending
at the adjournment it comes up now as unfin-
ished business, The Clerk will read the res-
olution.
! The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (as the sense of this House,) That it is a
wasteful expenditure of the public money to longer
continue the publication in the Globe of the notices
of the presentation of the printed petitions in favor
of the abolition of the franking privilege, as issued
under the direction of the Postmaster General, and
the same is hereby ordered to be discontinued.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, when I offered
this resolution yesterday I did not believe it
wonld require any more than a mere statement
to the House to secure its passage; and hence
I was surprised to find gentlemen who ordina-
rily act in the interest of economy become par-
ticularly severe in their opposition to the pas-
i sage of this resolution. I do not believe that
! opposition arose from a correct understanding
I of the resolution which has been read by the
Clerk of the House; for I cannot believe there
can be found in this House twenty men who
are willing to record their votes in favor of
j continuing a practice involving the expense
this practice does to the Government.
Mr. 8TARKWEATHER. I ask the gentle-
man whether it does not cost more to the Gov-
ernment to talk about this matter, ten times
over, than to publish these notices of petitions
in the Globe ?
Mr. LAPLIN. If there is any gentleman in
the House to whom I would desire to make
the most courteous reply it is the gentleman
from Connecticut, and if he will wait until I
have finished the little I have to say I think
he will be perfectly satisfied with my explana-
tion. And right here I say to him that no man
in this House has the right to upbraid me with
j unnecessarily occupying the time of the House
( with debating any resolution.
Mr. CONGER rose.
Mr. LAFLIN. I decline to yield to any
gentleman until I have stated certain general
propositions which I wish to make on this
resolution.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope the gen-
tleman will answer my question, whether the
publication of these notices of petitions in the
Globe will not cost much less than this discus-
sion of the matter ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I can only repeat that if the
gentleman will wait until I have finished my
remarks, unless he has a smaller idea of a
pretty respectable sum of money than I sup-
pose, he willfind himself in accord with me in
supporting this resolution.
Mr. Speaker, what does this resolution mean?
This resolution in no way interferes with the
right of petition, in no way interferes with the
presentation of petitions by the people. I
believe in the right of petition; this House be-
lieves in the right of petition, and most espe-
cially does it believe in the right of petition to
which this resolution refers, because the House '
has shown its confidence and its willirignefcs to
grant the prayer of the petitioners by passing,
by an almost unanimous vote, an act for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Some gentlemen may say that if these notices
of petitions are notprinted in the Globe it will
be impossible for our constituents to know we
ever take any notice of their petitions. Now,
sir, if it becomes a matter of great interest to
the constituents of any gentleman here who has
already recorded his vote in favor of the aboli-
tl0? ?Vhe- frankin2 privilege, if they are not
satisfied with that evidence of his desire to
grant their prayer, and are anxious to come
down to Washington to ascertain whether Mr.
So-and-so, Representative from such and such
a district, has so far recognized their wishes as
to present their petitions to Congress, then all
they have to do is to go to the petition clerk
and look at the records and the Journal of the
House. There any gentleman's constituency
can ascertain whether he has granted theprayer
of their petition by voting for the abolition of
the franking privilege, or whether he has pre-
sented their petitions to the House. In no
possible way, sir, can a member conceal from
the eyes of his constituency, even if he wished
to do bo, whether he did or not present their
petitions.
Mr. LOGAN. Why is the right of petition
allowed in Congress?
Mr. LAFLIN. As I have said already, I
am willing to answer any questions gentlemen
may put to me after I have finished what I
intend to say. With due courtesy to the gen-
tleman, I prefer to wait until then.
. Now, there is no possible way in which a
member may escape the responsibility of neg-
lecting, even to the extent I have named, his
constituency; for it is not necessary to refer to
the Globe to see if these notices are published.
Any one interested can go to the regular record
of the House and find out whether the member
has presented these petitions, which can be
done without expense to the Government.
Well, sir, I come to this point: what is the
object that is to be secured by printing a notice
of the presentation of a petition in the Globe?
The grand object is that the members of the
House and the people who may see the Globe
may understand the nature of the subjects whose
consideration, through its committees, may be
brought before Congress. These petitions, as
we all know, give us jurisdiction of the sub-
jects to which they refer; and it is important
that Congress and the people may understand
what projects are likely to come before Con-
gress, in order that, if they see fit, they may
present arguments for or arguments against
the adoption of such propositions. This is the
| only reason I can conceive of why it is neces-
i aary to put the Government to the expense of
j printing the notices of these petitions.
i Now apply this to the petitions to which this
resolution refers. These petitions are known
and have been read all over the country. They
are all of one and the same character, printed
copies of the same original; and there is not
a member of the House of Representatives
who does not know them, almost word for
word. And the House of Representatives, by
an almost unanimous vote, has already antici-
pated the prayer of the petitioners bypassing
a bill for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege. What is the use, then, of lumbering up
the columns of the Globe at the cost of the
Government with these petitions ? If what I
propose were in anj way to interfere with the
right of petition, it would make very little dif-
ference to me what it might cost. So jealous
was I of interfering with_ this right that I
thought it proper, in offering this resolution,
to place in it an exact description of these
petitions, for fear the time might come when
some particular constituents might see fit to
offer petitions in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege, coupled with certain amend-
ments to the postal law, not named in these
petitions. I do not want, by suppressing the
printing of the notices of those petitions, to
