'4886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
state that would require unanimous consent,
because a motion to adjourn is in order and to
be decided under the rules by a majority when-
ever made. The question is on the resolution
as amended.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan now moves that the Senate take
a recess at what time?
Mr. HOWARD. From half past four.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate take a recess to day from half past
four to half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to state to the Sen-
ate that it was understood a few days ago that
we should go into executive session to-day at
one o'clock; and I now give notice that when
the hand of the clock touches that hour 1 shall
insist upon going into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. No such understanding
was made with my knowledge; and I will sim-
ply say that il' it is proposed to postpone the
consideration of the tax bill until we buy all
the surrounding country and give away all our
public lands for lailroads I shall consider it
my duty to resist it to the utmost extent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps it is
proper for the Chair to state that it is under-
stood that the Senators from North Carolina
will, at or about four o'clock this afternoon,
announce the decease of their late colleague
in the House, Mr. Heatox. The tax bill is
now before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. We are apprised by the
Chair that the death of a member of the other
House is to be announced at four o'clock, and
of course on that announcement the usual
motion will be to adjourn. I therefore desire
to submit a motion that when the Senate adjourn
to-day it adjourn to meet at half past seven
o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
message mtom tii13 1iouph.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton' Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. It.
No. 489) to authorize the construction and
maintenance of a bridge across the Niagara
river.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (II. R. No. 350)
for the distribution of moneys paid or to be
paid by the republic of Venezuela; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (II. R.
No. 2015.) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes, is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the pending ques-
tion is on striking out the two sections relative
to income tax on incomes received from cor-
porations.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Finance on Saturday, in pursuance
of the order of the Senate, reexamined the
whole question involved in this bill so far as
the necessity for so doing was created by the
vote of the Senate striking out the income tax.
I do not intend todebate it, but simply to state
what the Committee on Financc have agreed
to recommend, We regard the action of the
Senate, especially the strong vote by which the
income tax sections were stricken out, as linal,
and therefore we shall cease any efforts, so far
as we are concerned, to letaiuthe income lax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sen-
ator from Ohio, as the Chair understands, con-
sents that these two sections may be regarded
as stricken out?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. These two sec-
tions, as to the income tax on income received
from corporations, will be regarded as stricken
out.
Mr. HOWE. Had we not better take the
vote?
Mr. SHERMAN. Wei!, wait until I get
through my statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reserve the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thecommitteeconsidered
themselves instructed by the Senate, against
their own opinion, to strike out the income
tax; and itwill be necessary to insert two new
sections in order to meet the case, one of which
has already passed by the unanimous vote of
the Senate, in regard to the income tax on cor-
porations for this year. We propose a section
continuing the tax on corporations and salaries
for this year, or, in other words, to declare the
meaning of the present law. It is a provision
which passed the Senate unanimously some
time ago.  We shall also propose another sec-
tion, intended to cure a question of construc-
tion about the tax on insurance coaipanies, the
tax on the Shakers and other religious socie-
ties. Provisions of that kind are in this bill,
and they will not be objected to, and I suppose
will meet the unanimous assent of the Senate.
Upon a reexamination of the whole ques-
tion, the Committee on Fiuancc arc of the
opinion that we cannot go beyond the amount
proposed to be repealed in the original report,
and therefore, as the striking out of the
income sections will sacrifice a revenue of
ยง17,700,000, we propose to restore the duty on
sugar as it is under the old law, and to restore
the tax on gross receipts. I believe that is (he
substance of all I have to communicate. Wc
leave the sugar duties precisely as they are
left under the existing law.
There is a good deal of difficulty in framing
the new sections, aside from ihe question of
repeal. The House proposition, making a
new classification of sugars, was objected to
with great unanimity by the business men
throughout the country. We undertook, in
the Committee on Finance, to make another
classification of sugars, so as to meet the vari-
ous objections. We found that our classifica-
tion has also met with opposition from a very
strong interest; and it is claimed to be very
much against the interest of the revenue. On
the whole, as we are compelled to retain some
taxes which wo had before proposed to repeal,
we propose now to retain the tax on sugar,
and also the tax on gross receipts of corpora-
tions.
It was suggested here on Friday that we
strike out the tariff sections and let the whole
bill go to a committee of conference. That
would expedite the action of the Senate on
this bill; but it would throw the whole power
of framing a tax and tariff bill upon the com-
mittee of conference. In my judgment, al-
though I probably from my official position
would be one of those assigned to this duty,
yet I do not think it is wise legislation. 1 think
it would be very wrong to transfer the whole
details of this tariff and tax bill to a committee
of conference composed of three members of
each House, especially as we have not gone
through with it in the Senate, and do not know
the wishes of the Senate in regard to some very
important questions involved in the tariff sec-
tions. My proposition, therefore, is that the
Senate shall proceed right along under a limit-
ation of debate to live minutes, according to
the rule universally acted upon in the House,
and act upon the tariff sections, so that the
Committee on Finance may have an under-
standing of the wishes of the Senate oil three
or four of the leading items expressed in the
taiiff schedule, and after that action I think
we can agree upon a bill that will be satis-
factoiy to the Senate.
I now withdraw my motion to strike out the
two sections, and will make it embrace all the
income tax sections, and I will then submit as
a substitute what I shall send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to strike out all the sections
iti the bill relating to the income tax.
Mr, HOWE. Mr. President, I do not sup-
pose ?t is of the slightest use to make any far-
ther opposition -to the repeal of this tax on
incomes, and if the. Senate is resolved not to
collect this three per cent, on all incomes over
$2,000, I do not know that I have anything to
say in favor of collecting it on a part of tnose
incomes. The burden should be uniform, it
seems to me; and if we exempt one man's
income altogether we should exempt every
man's income altogether. But I was utterly
unreconciled, and 1 hope the Senate will allow
me to say at this late hour that I was utterly
unreconciled to the vote of the Senate the other
day upon this question. I am not less but
more unreconciled to it since I hear the con-
sequences of that vote; since I have heard
from the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance the alternative offered to us. Tie-
distinctly informs the Senate and the country
that we cannot dispense with the tax which he
and the committee with him once proposed to
raise from this three per cent, on incomes;
that that tax cannot be dispensed with; and
he tells us that if it be the determination of the
Senate that that tax shall not be levied on
incomes, then it must be levied upon something
else, and the fairest and best alternative the
committee has yet found is to continue a tax
on gross receipts from certain businesses, and
to continue the full amount of tax heretofore
collected from the importation of sugar.
Now, Mr. President, I do not want to con-
fess to the country that we are utterly unwill-
ing that fixed incomes over $2,000 in amount
shall be taxed the small and inconsiderable
sum of three cents on the dollar, while e^ry
man who consumes sugar in this country shall
pay a tax equal to about fifty per cent, of the
value of what lie consumes. If it be possible
that we can avoid that confession 1 should
like to avoid it. Let me say right here, Mr.
President, that you cannot avoid a tax on
income, and you do not try to do it. That is
not possible. Lay ycur tax on what objects
you please, they must be paid out of income.
'There is nothing else to pay taxes with. The
tax you lay upon the salt that the poor man
puts in his bread he pays out of his income,
out of his daily earnings, his daily sweat, just
as much as the capitalist paysoutof his income
the tax you lay upon the dividends on his
stock.
There are only two objects which can pay
taxes : one is fixed capital, and the other is
the income on that or the income derived from
labor. You cannot tax capital; you dare not
tax any man, let his condition be what it may,
more than his earnings, more than his income
for the year, so as to leave him a poorer man
than he was the year before. If you were to
take all his earnings and a part of his capital
you would exhaust his means of paying taxes
in a yery short time. Let, I say, your taxes
j be laid on what objects they may, income must
pay the taxes. This is settled ; it is impossi-
ble to avoid it.
What, then, can be said against the tax pro-
posed by the Finance Committee on incomes?
You cannot object to it because it is a tax on
incomes,_ for every tax is a tax on incomes.
What objection can be urged to it? The prop-
osition distinctly was_ to ascertain what the
individual incomes of the country were, to
J exempt $2,000 of each, and to levy a specific
1 tax^of three per cent, on the balance.
_ Now, Mr. President, so far as the exemp-
tions are concerned, no man who is reached by
j this tax can object to them, because every man
who is visited by this tax gets the full benefit
of the exemptions. It takes ยง2,000 from the
income of everybody who has income to that
extent, and you only begin to realize the tax
when you find an income exceeding $2,000
per annum. No man who is visited by the tax
can object to the exemption, for he gets the full
benefit of the exemption; but there are millions
in this country, as we all know, whose whole
incomes, wbose whole earnings, do not amount
to $2,000 q, year. Tljey get but partial benefit
tj'om tl?e exemption. Jf gtjybody should cona^
