3942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81,
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to report back ad-
versely a treaty between the United States and
the Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians,
concluded February 15,1867 ; a treaty between
the United States and the Creek nation of
Indians, concluded September 2,1868 ; a treaty
between the United States and the Swan Creek
and Black River Chippewas and the Munsee
or Christian Indians, concluded June 1,1868;
a treaty with the Miami Indians of Kansas,
concluded March 9, 1869; and also a treaty
with the Kickapoo Indians, concluded Feb-
ruary 28, 1867. As these treaties are all re-
ported adversely, perhaps they might as well
be disposed of at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be indefinitely postponed if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. No; let them be rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
Chair will put the question, "Will the Senate
advise and consent to the ratification of each
of these treaties?" The vote must be taken by
yeas and nays unless by unanimous consent
that be dispensed with. If there be no objec-
tion the Cbair will put the question viva voce.
The Chair hears no objection, and thequestion
will be put in that way.
Each treaty being stated separately the ques-
tion was put, "Will the Senate advise and
consent to the ratification of this treaty ' and
it was determined in the negative in each
case.
Mr. MORTON subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote by which the Miami treaty
was rejected ; and the motion was entered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 956) to encourage the building of ships
for foreign trade, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 957) to amend an act entitled "An act.
to remove the charge of desertion from cer-
tain soldiers of the thirteenth Tennessee cav-
alry," approved April 10, 1869; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
959) for a grant of lands to the Preston, Salina,
and Denver Railroad Company, and for the
disposal of said lands to actual settlers ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose my motion to
take up Senate bill No. 387 is now in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him. If there be no objection that
bill will be taken up.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 387) to change the
judicial circuits, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Willey to the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary as the second section of the bill, which
was to strike out in the second line the words
" be resident of," and insert in lieu thereof
"reside in," and to strike out all after the
word "circuits" in the third line to the word
"circuit" in the fifth line; so as to make the
additional section proposed by the committee
read:
And he it further enacted. That the justices of tho
Supreme Court of the United States shall reside in
their respective circuits: Provided, That the Chief
Justice may preside in any circuit to which he may
be allotted without a change of residence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since the action taken
by the Senate in filling the vacancies on the
bench, I think there is no objection to that
amendment; and I am willing that it should
be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Illinois whether the
amendment proposed by him,in manuscript 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is in print.
All the amendments of the Judiciary Commit-
tee are in print. The amendment to the amend-
ment, which has just been adopted, comes
from the Senator from West Virginia, and is
in manuscript.
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand the effect
of the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia, it is not to restrict the President in
his choice of nominees for these judgeships to
any district; hut simply after the choice has
been made and the nomination confirmed by
the Senate that the judge shall reside in the
circuit to which he is assigned.
Mr. TRUMBULL: That is it, exactly.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to amend the bill so
as to have the second circuit remain as at
present constituted, embracing the districts of
New York and Connecticut. Asthebillisnow
framed Connecticut is added to the first or New
England circuit and taken out of the New York
circuit. The bar of Connecticut has unani-
mously presented its petitions for the amend-
ment which I propose, and remonstrances
against the bill as it now stands. The busi-
ness of the State of Connecticut 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Connecticut that
there is an amendment now pending, to which
his amendment does not seem to be applicable.
Mr. FERRY. I did not know there was any
amendment pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. FERRY. What is the amendment pend-
ing?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
regard to the judges of the supreme court
residing in the circuits to which they are
assigned.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. My amendment now is in the
fourth line, to strike out the words "and Con-
necticut" and insert the word "and" between
"Massachusetts" and "Rhode Island," and
in the fifth line, after "New York," to insert
the words "and Connecticut."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. An examination of the pop-
ulation shows that there are more people in
the State of New York than all New England
together. An examination of the business
shows that there is much more business in the
State of New York in the United States courts
than in all the New England States together.
If we are to equalize these circuits as nearly
as we can—for it is impossible to make them
entirely perfect in that respect; but if we are
to approximate it, it is right that the circuit
judge in the New Engla,nd circuit, which is
the first circuit, should have all the New Eng-
land States in his circuit, and then he will have
much less business than the judge of the cir-
cuit composed of the different districts in the
State of New York; and the justice of the
Supreme Court assigned to that circuit will
have less circuit duty to perform if he presides
over all the districts of New England than will
the justice of the Supreme Court assigned to
the second judicial circuit, which, as reported
by the committee, consists of the State of New
York. This is the only answer I have to make
to the suggestion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut : you defeat the very object of the bill if
you take from the first circuit the State of Con-
necticut and put it upon the second circuit,
when the second circuit is already larger in
every respect,, both in amount of business and
in population, than is the first.
Mr. FERRY. I suppose, Mr. President, that
the object of arranging the judicial circuits is
to accommodate the public business transacted
in those circuits and to facilitate the interests
of those who are litigants in the courts of those
circuits, and that a mere matter of territorial
limitation or extent is of little consequence
compared with the facilitating of the interests
which I have mentioned. Now, as I have
said, the entire bar and thejudges of my own
State have petitioned Congress to leave that
State where it always has been, in the same
circuit with the southern district of New York.
I have one of the petitions in my hand, which
I ask that the Clerk may read, as it expresses
very succinctly the reasons why they desire to
remain as they are.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Senate of the United States :
The undersigned members of the bar of Connecti-
cut, residing in the city ,of Bridgeport, and prac-
titioners in the courls of the United States, b§g leave
to remonstrate against the transfer of the State of
Connecticut from the second to tho first judicial
circuit, as proposed in tho bill for the reorganization
of the judicial circuits of the United States, now
pending before your honorable body.
The association existing for so long a period be-
tween the courts of this district and the southern
district of New York, the assimilation of their prac-
tice, the close connection of business interests be-
tween the two districts resulting as it has m a large
amount of important litigation brought into tho
courts of this district by citizens of New York, the
extensive practice in our courts by practitioners
residing in New l'ork city, the facility of access to
tho circuit judge residing in that city, are among
the important and obvious reasons why this pro-
posed change is regarded with disfavor by the under-
signed, and as they believe, by the bar of the State
generally, and they therefore trust that it will not
receive the sanction of Congress.
J. B. BEARD3LBY.
J. M. STURGES.
SAMUEL B. SUMNER.
AMOS S. TREAT.
ROGER AVERILL.
DAVID B. BOOTH.
II. E. BLAKE.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, it ia to
me very ungracious, not to say that it is want-
ing in hospitality, to do anything except to
welcome the State of Connecticut, after the
expressions from the bar of Connecticut, into
the circuit to which New York is to belong;
and I say to my honorable friend that it is
with great reluctance that I make the sugges-
tion which I am going to make. Indeed, per-
haps, the Senator from Illinois has sufficiently
presented to the Senate the objection to this
amendment.
The Senate will remember that we have
recently increased very largely in respect of
force, and salaries now under the recent action
of the Senate, the judicial staff of the United
States. The object, of course, was to dispose
of tho business pending in the courts of the
United States ; and, as the Senator from Illi-
nois has well said, one of the primary neces-
sities in doing it is to equalize, as far as may
be, the labors of the judges. If this were a
question of geography merely, of territorial
extent, as the Senator from Connecticut has
suggested, there would be perhaps very little
to be said in regard to it; but let me present
to the Senate the real considerations.
In tho first place, there are in the State of
New York not less thau four million six hun-
dred thousand people. If I admit that in all
New England there arc three million^ I think
no Senator will say that I have not stated the
number large enough. I have no idea that
there are so many. In the State of New York
there is a frontier as long as the State itself;
and there is of admiralty business, to speak
of nothing else, an immense and never-ceas-
ing supply. I need not say that the commer-
cial activities of that place arc relatively as
great as those of any single community in the
Republic. And now, resulting from such
causes and from -others, is the fact that with-
