2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Metropolitan Presbyterian Church of the city
of Washington.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill, with an amendment to strike
out the fourth section.
Mr, HAMLIN. That is the section ex-
empting the property of the corporation from
taxation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
territorial officers int arizona.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up House bill
No. C66.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to take
up the bill (H. 11. No. 866) to confirm the
apportionment and amend certain laws of the
Territory of Arizona.
There being no objection the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. Itprovides that the apportionment of
members of the Legislative Assemblies of the
Territory of Arizona, elected and convened in
the years 18GG, 1867, and 1888, made by the
Governor in accordance with the laws of the
Territory, shall be legal and valid under the
organic act. An election for members of the
next Legislative Assembly, and for all township,
comity, and district officers, and for Delegate to
the Forty-Second Congress of the United States,
is to be held upon the Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year 1870, and the
Governor is to order the election by proclama-
tion to be issued not less than two monthspie-
vious to the day named. In the proclamation
he is to declare the number of members of cach
branch of the Legislature to which each county
or district of the Territory shall be entitled, and
theapportionmentshall bebased upon the popu-
lation as shown by theeensus tobe taken in the
year 1870, under the law of the United States,
and if such census is not completed in time, then
the apportionment shall be made according to
the population as shown by the best information
to be obtained. The term of office of all town-
ship, county, and district officers, is to expire
upon the 31st day of December, 1870 ;.and that
of all officers elected as herein provided, is to
begin upon the 1st day of January, 1871. The
persons thus eleclcd to the next Legislative As-
sembly are to meet at the capitol on the sec-
ond Wednesday in January, 1871. The Gov-
ernor is to fill by appointment all vacancies in
township, county, or district offices in the Ter-
ritory until the 31st day of December, 1870;
and until the same lime he may remove town-
ship, county, and district officers, and (ill their
places whenever, in his judgment, the public
interest will be promoted thereby. Justices of
the peace in said Territory of Arizona are not
to have jurisdiction of any matter in cqolro-
versy where the title or boundaries of land may
be in dispute, or where the debtor sum claimed
shall exceed $300.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SESATOIv FROM MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. MORTON. As the Committee on the
Judiciary have reported against the credentials
of General Ames, I suppose they will not feel
it their duty or province to call up that report
for consideration. I ask, then, if they have
any objection to having the consideration of
those credentials made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock?
Mr. ANTHONY. Say Monday.
Mr. CONKLING. As 1 was charged by
the committee to report on those credentials,
I beg to say to the honorable Senator from
Indiana that I shall endeavor not to fall short
of my duty in a respect so manifest as that
which he indicates. I think it would be very
extraordinary if the committee did not call up
the credentials for consideration, and I should
deem it very extraordinary if I did not myself
see that thev were taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana press his motion ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. I will merely make
this remark in explanation: that my under-
standing is where a committee reports ad-
versely on a bill or proposition they do not
expect to call up that adverse report for a favor-
able consideration. Therefore, I felt at liberty
to suggest the propriety of making the matter
a special order for to-morrow at one o'clock;
but as the Senator from New York says he is
disposed to call it up of course I do not wish
to interfere.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Indiana entirely overlooks the fact that
this is not only a question of privilege, but
of very high privilege. No special order is
needed. At any time a Senator having the
floor may call it up, and it overrides special
orders and everything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the Senate
is not engaged in tlio transaction of other
business.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY
Mr. SPENCER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-two,
noes not counted.
message from tiib house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. B. No.
5G2) to amend an act granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners ovor the public
lands, and for other purposes; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bills signed
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
joint resolutions; which were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 150) to transfer
au appropriation for the public printing; and
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 194) granting
condemned guns to the National Asylum for
Disablcd Volunteer Soldiers.
francis s. m'donald.
Mr. RICE. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 53.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous con-
sent; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 53) for the relief of Francis S.
McDonald. It directs the Secretary of War to
cause to be paid to Francis S. McDonald the
full pay and emoluments of a second lieuten-
ant of the third Minnesota volunteers, from
November 1,18G2, to June 26,1863, with travel,
pay, and allowances from Snyder's Bluff, Mis-
sissippi, to Fort Snelling, Minnesota.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mail contracts.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask lor its present consideration :
Resolved, Tliat tho Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads bo, and they aro hereby, instructed to
inquire into t he expediency of enactinga law requir-
ing that every bidder upon every mail route for tho
transportation of mails upon the same shall hereafter
accompany tlieirbuls (wheretheycxcced 85,000) with
a certified chock or draft of soino reliablo banking
houso or institution, which check or draft shall not
bo less than ten per cent, on the annual amount that
they would receive in any one year uiider any sueh
bid. In case anv bidderorbiddersshallfail to enter
into good and sufficient bonds and to faithfully carry
out their contract, such bidder or bidders shall forteit
the amounts so deposited.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to present
I wish to submit a few
this resolution, as the matter is coming before
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
to-morrow morning. The purpose of the res-
olution is to prevent" straw bids," as they are
commonly called ; that parties shall not bid
unless they are responsible and will carry out
their bids faithfully and enter into contracts.
The resolution was adopted.
order OF business.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
492. It concerns the interests of the District
of Columbia, and should have been considered
some time ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 492) to incorporate the
trustees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and
for other purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better go
on with the regular order. There are several
poor widows waiting for pensions whose cases
we shall never reach if we occupy time in
taking up measures out of their regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that tho
Senator objects to the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to the
bill, but I object to taking it up out of its
order.
joint indian committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business in
order is the consideration of resolutions laid
over; and the first resolution is the concur-
rent resolution proposing a joint committee on
Indian policy, the pending question being on
the amendmeut of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] to strike out the words "such
other subjects pertaining to Indian affairs as
may be referred to it by either branch of Con-
gress" and to insert "system of government
of Indian tribes."
Mr. THURMAN.
remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend to let us
vote on this amendment, which will certainly
improve the resolution. It reduces the force
of the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. "Anything that will make
it "small by degrees and beautifully less"
will suit me: but I shall object to it even then.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to ask that
this resolution bo put at the foot of the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution will be placed at the
foot of the Calendar.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it had better main-
tain its present position.
Mr. STEWART. I want a division on the
question of agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from lowain
charge of the resolution agrees to the amend-
ment, and is satisfied with it.
Mr. HARLAN. I expressed my willingness
to have the amendment adopted.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the concurrent resolution be
placed at the foot of the Calendar. If there
is no objection the Chairwill submit that ques-
tion to the Senate, as it is a question to be
decided without debate.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the question cannot be taken. The reso-
lution is cut off by the expiration of the morn-
ing hour.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 562) to amend an act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal-
owners over the public lands, and for other
