1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
Mr. IAFLIN. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logak] has had his opportunity.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to let remarks
such as have fallen from the lips of the gen-
tleman from Iowa go unnoticed, and thereby
concede the correctness of what he said. Any
gentleman who will look at the resolution I !
have offered will find that its language does
not justify the inferences of the gentleman. I
Mr. FERRISS. Will my colleague [Mr.
Laflin] yield to me for a moment ? I
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRISS. My colleague has stated
the cost of printing in the Globe for a single
day these notices of petitions. I would like
to inquire whether he can state to the House
the cost of the entire publication of the Globe
for a single day ?
Mr. LAFLIN. Why, sir, that depends in a
great degree upon the extent of the proceed- 1
ings and the length of the speeches. Accord-
ing to the estimate which I have made it cost
between twelve and thirteen hundred dollars
to publish Friday's Globe.
Mr. DAYIS. I desire to ask my colleague i
what the Globe is good foe after it is pub-
lished ? Will he be kind enough to state that ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I leave that question to be
determined by the good sense of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my colleague allow me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. LAFLIN. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word "re-
solved," and inserting the following:
That the Congressional Globe be, and the iime is
bereby, abolished.
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not accept that amend-
ment. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gaktield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to have read, as the basis of what I j
shall say, a resolution which I hope I shall
have an opportunity to offer.
The Clerk read as follows:
Setolved, That it is a wasteful expenditure of the
public money to continue the publication of the
Congressional Globe; and that the Committee on
Public Printing be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of discontinuing its farther publication.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to allow this amendment to be
offered?
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir. With reference to
that matter I would say that I deem the gen-
tleman' s resolution an eminently proper one
if introduced at a suitable time; yet although'
such is my conviction, I do not think I am
called upon to allow that proposition to be
introduced at the present moment. I, how-
ever, yield to the gentleman that he may speak
upon the subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say that
on a former occasion, nearly two years ago, I
introduced a similar resolution in regard to
the Congressional Globe. I have not offered
this without reflection. I believe it indicates
one of the most healthful and valuable meas-
ures that this House could adopt. It is evident
that the franking privilege will be abolished;
and a large part of the reason which has here-
tofore existed for the publication of such vast
masses of public documents will be removed
when the franking privilege shall have been
abolished. I hope, therefore, and believe that
the proposition contained in this resolution
will nave more chance of being successful than
ever before after the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Now, Mr. Speaker, two things, I believe,
have tended to destroy or nearly destroy all
that may be called legitimate debate in this
oouse: one, the Congressional Globe and the
habit we have of printing what any member
speaks or writes; and the other is the hour
rale, by which every man who gets the floor
can speak an hour or print what would be an
hour's speech in the Globe, whether any one
hears it or not. The result of these two facts
has caused the published proceedings of this
body during the last Congress to amount to
eighty-two hundred and sixty-six triple-column
pages of that set of quarto volumes known as
the Congressional Globe, besides publishing a
daily paper containing the same matter. What-
ever good things may be said here are fossil-
ized in the Globe amid the vast mass of essays
written and delivered, or printed without being
delivered, and are buried away never to be
looked at except by some curious antiqurian.
The speeches delivered here will in after
years be looked at with only the same interest
that geologists examine coprolites imbedded
in the strata of rocks, useless relics of the past.
I do not believe that these congressional cop-
rolites will be worth what it costs to preserve
them. I trust we will do ourselves and the
country the justice to stop this great and un-
necessary expense. There is enterprise enough
in this country to take down and report in the
press all that ought to be reported in our pro-
ceedings ; and if a man speaks here with the
understanding he is to be tried by the supreme
test of the news-market'value of his speech in
the daily papers it will save the time of Con-
gress and restore legitimate debate in place of
essay-reading.
I am not in favor of refusing to print these
notices of the petitions of the people; for if
they cannot be heard in the Globe, certainly
we have no right to be heard in the speeches
we make. Let us have justice all around, and
do as they do in the English House of Com-
mons, where all that is valuable in their debates
finds its way into the public papers. If the
Globe were done away with the gentlemen who
sit in our galleries as newspaper reporters
would take down our proceedings systemat-
ically, and the country would get whatever was
'of value in our debates without cost to the
national Treasury. I believe, therefore, the
proposition I offer is one of genuine economy,
and that it will not merely result in reducing
our expenditures, but make our sessions more
business-like, giving us the status before the
country which we ought to have as the Repre- ,
sentatives of the people. I hope I shall be :
allowed to introduce my amendment, and that ;
it will be adopted. j
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to my friend j
from Connecticut for five minutes. [
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, I cannot vote i
for this resolution unless it is amended. I
believe in the right of petition, and I will not
vote for any proposition that seems to be an
abridgment of that right. Petitions should be
fairly and patiently considered, even though
the manner of their origin may not meet our
full approbation. I voted for the abolition of
the franking privilege not from compulsion or
fear, but from a sense of right. On this sub-
ject I have been *a Greeleyite for years, and
now that I enjoy for a brief season the privi-
lege of franking letters and documents I shall
change front.
Sir, it cannot be denied that the franking
privilege has been grossly abused, that large
quantities of matter have been improperly
transmitted through the mails under its pro-
tecting shield. The people are striking at the
abuse, not the legitimate use. They believe
that the abuse cannot be entirely corrected
while the privilege exists; and are they not
right?
But, sir, I did regret that the bill reported
by the committee, and which we had no oppor-
tunity to amend, was so sweeping in its pro-
visions. In my judgment it should not nave
repealed the existing law allowing newspaper
exchanges and newspapers in the county where
published to be carried postage free. This
provision is in the interest of the people, not
of a class. Thousands and tens ot thousands
take newspapers who can scarcely afford to
pay the subscription price. A few cents addi-
tional for postage will drive these angels of
light from their doors. The masses of the
people read newspapers, and not public docu-"
ments and congressional speeches. It is true
that some valuable documents and instructive
speeches are extensively read, but they do not
reach the millions like newspapers. Who of
us born and reared in the country does not
remember the old family paper as a thrice
welcome weekly visitant?
This, sir, is not the time to restrict knowl-
edge, but rather liberally to encourage its dis-
semination. Let education be universal, and
slavery and ignorance perish together.
Thinking that my State might be called yes ■
terday for resolutions to be put on their passage
I prepared this, which I ask the Clerk to read
as part of my remarks.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is discussing, not the resolution
before the House, but the expediency of abol-
ishing the franking privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair considers that the
gentleman's remarks are germane to the dis-
cussion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Betolved, That inasmuch as no opportunity was
given to amend the bill to abolish the franking
privilege after the same was reported by the com-
mittee, this House now declares that it would be
unwise and inexpedient to repeal the law allowing
newspapers in the county where published aud
newspaper exchanges to be transmitted through tho
mail postage free, and that for the purpose of con-
tinuing this provision a supplemental bill should be
enacted.
Mr. STRONG. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflin, ] I will
move to amend his resolution by annexing
this.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. While this resolution was
before the House yesterday, and after there
had been a division on suspending the rules, I
called for the yeas and nays. I did this not
with the view of delaying business or for any
frivolous reason, but because I found in the
resolution one proposition of such a character,
as I thought, that no gentleman in this House
would like to support it or have his vote in its
favor go to the country. I therefore desired
that every gentleman should have an oppor-
tunity of placing on record his vote on the
nosition to which I refer. It is contained
ese words:
Petitions in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege, as issued under the direction of the Post-
master General.
Mr. Speaker, that clause in this resolution
is a direct reflection on the thousands and
hundreds of thousands of citizens of the United
States who of their own free will have sent to
Congress, as they had a right to do, their peti-
tions for the abolition of the franking privilege.
But this resolution assumes, in the first place,
that the Postmaster General had dictated to
the people of the United States that they should
petition this House for a certain object; and
in the next place it assumes that the people
are such cravens that they will submit to be
dictated to by anybody with regard to the peti-
tions they should send in. I say the proposi-
tion is false, and that it would be unfair to the
Postmaster General, unfair to the people of
the United States, and unworthy of this House
to adopt it. That is why I objected to the res-
olution and called for the yeas and nays.
Now, I would like to have any man inform
me what authority this House or any member
of it has for saying that these petitions were
issued by the Postmaster General. Have we
any official information on that subject ? Have
we made a call for information on that subject;
and if so, has that call been answered I Is
it worthy of the members of this HousS, is
it consonant with the dignity of this House
to assume from hearsay that the head of a
Department has dictated to the p eople their peti-
tions, or to assume that the people have list
ened to that dictation ? That is all I have to
say on this subject. If gentlemen desire to
vote for that resolution in its present form,
casting a stigma on the Postmaster General and
