1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
purposes, was read twice by its title, and re-
feared to the Committee oil Mines and Mining.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Morton, which was to
add, as an additional section to the bill, the
following:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for thesup-
povt of the Army for the year ending June 30,1868,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,1867, as
prohibits, tho organization, arming, or calling into
service of the militia force in the State of Georgia,
bo, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. AVILSON. I desire to give notice that
I shall move, as an amendment to the first pro-
viso of the bill, the two provisos whieh 1 send
to the Chair. I ask to have them printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let them be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They cannot now
be proposed, as the pending amendment is to
add a new section. The amendment will be
read for information, to be proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts when in order.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out tho first proviso, and in lieu thereof
insert:
That in consequence of the illegal, disorganizing,
and revolutionary proceedings of tho General As-
sembly of Georgia it be, and hereby is, declared that
the term of servieo of the said General Assembly shall
date from the 26th of January, 1870, and shall con-
tinue until tho persons to bo chosen on tho Tuesday
after tho first Monday of November, 1872, as members
of tho General Assembly of said State, are qualified:
Provided, That the last clause of tho second subdi-
vision of the first section of tho third artielo of tho
constitution of Georgia, in thofollowing words: "Tho
General Assembly may by law change the timo of
election, and the members shall hold until their Suc-
cessors arc clected and qualified," shall never be by
any Legisla,turo construed so as to extend the term
of any officer beyond tho regular period named in the
said constitution; and the said General Assembly
shall by joint resolution consent to this fundamental
condition before this act shall take effect.
Mr. "WILSON. I move that that proposed
amendment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PO MEROY. Mr. President, I remarked
yesterday at the close of the legislative session,
before the executive session, that this question
of Georgia was not the clearest and most trans-
parent question in the world, and that it was
surrounded with difficulties. The criticism has
often been made upon Congress since we com-
menced the effort of reconstructing the States
thatwent into rebellion, that we did not pursue
it in a regular way; that we required of one
State what we did not of another; and that
terms and fundamental conditions were insisted
upon in one stage of proceeding when they were
not insisted upon in another. This whole ques-
tion has been open to criticism, in Congress
and out of Congress.
I will remark, before coming to the question
immediately before the Senate, that it is noth-
ing new in tho history of this country to find
inegularities in the admission of new Slates.
It has been so from the beginning. There are
hardly any two States that have been admitted
into the Union sincc Vermont and Kentucky
that have been admitted in the same precise
way and under the same terms and circum-
stances. It is within my own memory, as it is
within the memory af almost every Senator,
that there was a time when States were admit-
ted in pairs, not singly. There was supposed
to be a necessity once of keeping up an equi-
librium between the free and the slave States
in such a manner that neither section of the
country could introduce a State having pecu-
liar institutions, either free or slave, but there
must be two States presented and admitted at
the same time, one of eachkind. _ ihiswas so
when Florida and Iowa were admitted into the
Union by an act in 1815. And to show that
the men who had charge of this Government
at that time were also guilty ot irregularities,
it may be worthy of remark that Iowa was ad-
mitted into this Union before a constitution was
adopted by her people, and only a short time
after it had been adopted by a convention.
Iowa and Florida were admitted, on the last
day of the session, the 3d of March, 1845. But
when the State of Iowa came to have an; elec-
tion to vote on the adoption or rejection of the
constitution the people rejected it. So those
who administered the Government at that time
had the irregularity of having a State in the
Union without a constitution. It was not until
the next year, 1846, that the people of Iowa
adopted a constitution, and camo here with
a constitution adopted by the people. And
Senators and Representatives were admitted
to seats under their second constitution. They
presented irregularities, as we have seen, from
the beginning, in being in the Union awhile
withouta constitution atall, having been admit-
ted before the people adopted it; and when the
people undertook to act they rejected it.
I might also say that the men who conducted
the Government at that time were guilty of
irregularities in regard to almost every new
State. I remember the instance of California,
which was a military district like the South,
just conquered from a foreign country. There
was no enabling act, there was no civil law au-
thorizing a government to be formed in Cali-
fornia. But if the American people love and
worship anything it is law and government.
You may set a class of them down on the pub-
lic domain anywhere and the first thing they
will do will be to organize government, with or
without an enabling act. They did so in Cali-
fornia. There was a military order issued for
an election of members of the Legislature.
They were elected. The military authorities
superintended it without authority from Con-
gress; unlike the military authorities in the
South, where express authority was given in
the reconstruction acts. This election was
had in 1849.
In January, 1850, the Legislature came to-
gether and sat during the whole winter of 1850,
and formed a code of laws which is contained
in the volume I hold in my hand. During all
this time it had not been recognized by Con-
gress, and at that period had not even made
application to Congress for recognition. There
was no authority on the part of Congress for
them to proceed at all in the premises ; and
yet, on the 9th day of September, 1850, after
their organization had been completed, Con-
gress passed an act for their admission, and
Senators and a Representative from California
presented themselves and were sworn in and
took their seats.
These irregularities are not fatal to the
admission of a State. There has been no uni-
formity, and there is none required that I know
of, because the government in a State or a
Territory previous to its recognition by Con-
gress is only provisional. It is only an instru-
ment in the process of preparation. It may be
compared to a deed or a contract perfectly
drawn, well signed, but not having the seal and
stamp of authority upon it to make it valid.
These governments which have been extem-
porized in a State or which have been inaugu-
rated according to an actof Congress have been
held to be provisional only until such time as
Congress passed upon their validity and recog-
nized them as members of the Union.
Why say, then, that we are chargeable with
more irregularities in the introduction of the
States lately in rebellion than have been charged
upon other parties and other men who intro-
duced into the Union States in which there
had been no rebellion ? I do not know that it
can be successfully maintained here or any-
where that any irregularities have been prac-
ticed upon these States in the South that were
not essentially necessary; that is, which could
have been avoided. Legislators do not know
everything. They cannot see the whole future.
Wise men can only predict. We have found
in some of the States of the South, and par-
ticularly in Georgia, a state of things not an-
ticipated, when the first reconstruction acts
were passed, and not only not anticipated,
but which could not have been foreseen;
and if any apology is necessary, for having
divers and; sundry bills on this subject it is to
be found in the fact that the men who passed
the laws did not know as much as the Almighty;
that is, they did not know all that was to trans-
pire iu the future! I suppose they are not
responsible or guilty for not knowing more
than is commonly allotted to mortals.
1 have myself upon the frontier had some
experience in extemporized governments, and
know full well that they are not only regarded
as provisional, but are absolutely so unless
they are sanctioned and made valid by the
stamp of congressional authority.
I remember that in the State from which I
have the honor to come and in part to repre-
sent here we had three extemporized govern-
ments that were provisional, and indeed for a
time four. There was the same disturbance in
kind, if not in degree, in the Territory of Kan-
sas that has been experienced in the South, and
the same trouble. We had a conflict between
the civil and military authorities. I mean now
the military authorities as exercised in the Ter-
ritory under the control of the Governor and
marshal; I do not mean the United States
military authorities. The people of that Ter-
ritory met in convention and framed a State
constitution without authority of law, the same
as was done in California and Michigan before
us. A Legislature was elected, laws werepassed,
the Governor and Legislative Assembly entered
on the discharge of their duties, and those laws
were obeyed and respected. I speak now of
the Legislature formed and the code of laws en-
acted by it under what was called the "Topeka
constitution and yet that constitution never
reeeived the sanction of Congress and we wore
never admitted as a State under it. It fell to
the ground, and has had no more validity or
binding force than has the paper on which
those laws were written value. We afterward
had what was called the "Leavenworth conven-
tion" and "constitution," a form of govern-
ment that never was recognized by Congress,
which was merely provisional, and whieh per-
ished like the Topeka constitution. In the third
place came the "Lecompton constitution."
That was somewhat national in its character,
because it had a general ventilation, if I may
so style it, all over the United States. The
conflict was brought to a focusin the Lecomp-
ton constitution. All civil law for a time^wis
done away with and we had martial law. When
the civil authorities could not keep the peace,
as they called it, they were superseded, and the
Governor and the military authorities of the
United States at one time lield the Territory
under martial law, and we were governed by a
proceeding not unlike the condition of things
iu the South under the reconstruction acts. I
do not know that the Terr^ory had any reason
to complain of it. I only mention it to show
that it was in harmony, if I may so say, with the
condition of things in the States of the South
that have lately been admitted to the Union.
Now, Mr. President, let it be borne in mind
that out of this chaos of constitutions and gov-
ernments for my State there finally sprang
one that was legally valid, and that one was
tho constitution adopted by virtue of an en-
abling act from Congress, or by virtue, I wji .
it, of a reconstruction act, because the Terri-
tory of Kansas needed as much reconstruction
about that time as tho State of Georgia. _ Con-
gress passed a reconstruction act authorizing a
convention, and upon that authority being
received an election for a convention was uei .
The convention assembled at Wyandotte, an
the constitution under which the State was
admitted was formed there, known ac,
" Wyandotte constitution.'' At the tun
constitution was submitted to the pe p' i
1859, a Governor and State officers and a roem-
berof Congress were elected to take their placc ,
