8000
THE CON"GTtESSIONAL GfLOBE.
April
o,
in tie world, I am attth6Hzed ita saying this
proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means in this paragraph is an increase of 25 per
cent., or in the neighborhood of that amount. I
am fortified by three authorities. First, as I said
yesterday, by the old iron-house of Oothout &
Co. Over their own name and signature they
stand vouchers of the fact that it is an increase
of 25 per cent. In the second place, I am for-
tified by the authority of another house of equal
authority, Sampson & Brother, who not only
say that it is an increase of 24 or 25 per cent.,
but it is an advance of 211 per cent, gold, or
278 per cent, currency, beyond what was the
tariff ," on iron when the war began. If that is
not enough I have the benefit of the authority
of the custom-house of New York, and they
authorized me to say that this paragraph would
be construed by therii as an increase upon the
present rate of duty, _ These, sir, &re facts
which fratnnot be gainsaid.
Mr: BLAIR. Is that authority from the
custom-house at New York in writing, so that
it may be read to the House?'
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I bjtyie it on
Consultation. I have the same authority which
influenced the Committee of Ways and Means :
in the three hundred and sixtieth line, where
they have inserted an increase of duty on rail-
road .ifrjnj to agree to an amendment which
will be moved by the gentleman from Ohio
when we reach thkt part of the bill, as it was
understood that the cistom-bouse authorities
in New York would construe it to beaii increase
of duty on this railroad iron. This means a
rise, and if it did Hot mean a rise it would hot
be in the bill. IF this new classification did
not mean something it would not be tesorted
to. and the old duty on iron would' have been
allowed to remain. The iron-house of Oothout
4: Brothers, as I have already said, tell us
that this is an increase of duty on this kind
of iron of 25 per cent., and Sampsdn & Brother
say that the increase is between 24 and 25 per
cent., almost 25 per cent.
It is therefore no use, when we hav6 author-
ity likfe this, that is those of us who are not
iron mongers, to say that this is, not an' in-
crease. There are ten pr twelve ta£n upon this
floor whb aie interested in the' manufacture
ofirofr, who may know exactly what this bill
means, but gentlfefnen-nct interested in the
manufacture of iron camrtbt cttiripreliend this
classification, I have asked over and over
again why, if this be not an increase of duty,
should we not permit the old law to standi?
Why this hesitation, why this Waste of time,
why this debate, over ana over again, if it be
not to effect an increased bounty and in-
creased protection ? Why does Pennsylvania
vote almost in solid column but for the pur-
pose of obtaining ihereased bdtinty on the
article of iron to the end they may havS its
exclusive production ? '
[H?re the hammer felLJ ...
Sir. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, tnere are
some thitags which I think even those so stupid
as the gentleman from New York and myself
can understand. Bar iron is erf various sizes,
and the largest fees are the least valuable,
and in. tariffs heretofore, as now, the classifica-
tion has been made by size on that account;
so the least duty is put on the largest, size. It
was represented to.the Committee of Ways and
Means that the line was not well drawn; that
there was a larger proportion of the higher class
put in the lower than there ought to be. If
gentlemen will refer to the.reports of the Treas-
ury Department they will fihd confirmation of
that. ' As it is now, there is a large quantity
intrpduced at; a rate of. 1 cent per pound,
another and a less quantity at li cents per
pound. The calculations made upon the in-
voices would show different ad. valorem per-
centages when the specifics are reduced to ad
valorems, the percentages being 44J in one
case and 06 in the other. But yet, taking the
average of the invoices, so much of that which
comes in under the higher class is of a low
quality that the average of the' invoices for the
two classes is the same, the average dutiable
value being 2} cents for both classes. This is
because the line of demarkation has not been
drawn in the right place, and there has been
so much of the coarser and poorer kind of iron
included in the higher class that it has drawn
the average of the higher class down so low
1 that the average invoice prices of the two
classes are the same.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] talks about getting information from
the custom-house. He says the custom-house
has told him so and so. I am not acquainted
with the custom-house. Thete are collectors,
i deputy collectors, and afipfMsers. The gen-
tleman may have got his information from
them. 1 presume it waS not from the building
itself. But I have here compiled, analyzed,
and arranged the reports from the custom-
house department; not the New York cus-
tom-house ailohe, where the largest amount of
imports is received, but from all the custom-
houses ; and here are the results in figures, when
1 the whole came to be digested and published
by the TVeashry De'paftment. And I put it to
gentlemen who desire to consider the'weight i
of testimony, which is the best, the loose state-
ments by "the custom-house" to the gentle-
; mart, which'are not produced or presented in
I any tangible shape,, 6r the authorized and au-
[ thentic reports of Xhe' Tteasury Department,
made up froth the custdms returns?
Now, what did the Committee of WayS and
Means do? We changed, on these representa- ;
tiops to which I have referred, the. classifica-
tion,- and in doing so we necessarily brought
some of that:iftin which had .been paying only
1 cent duty up to tb£ higher class. The iron
_ people wished us to retain the whole at 1^
'cents duty. We said, "No, no ; if ,theclassi-
ficatidn is Changed, and the change lifts up a
portion of the 1 cent per pound irbn, vva can-
t not retain the cents upon the \Vhole, but
j will bring down the lucent, iron to m£et the
1 other, and put the whole at the average of 1J
cents."'
" My colleague 6n the cothmittee was correct,
according to the information before ' us, in ,
Stating' that we put down more of the cent
iron by this classification to 1£ cents than we
rais6 of the 1 cent irott up to i| cents. And
I believe, as I said before, that even the gen-
tleman from N^w York [Mr. Brooks] and
myself, though not'lmp6rters<5r manufacturers
of iron, can understand that. I think I can.
I may be mistaken, but it seems to me d com-
prehensible proposition that if some things
pay a duty of 1 cent per pound and some 1>}
cents, and you strike & medium and put them
all at 1J- cents, and if you bring more of the 1J J
cent articles down to 1J cents than you raise pf I
the X cent articles to lj; Cents, there has been j
upOri the whole a reduction,. I call that arith- '
metic, such as I believe prevails in custom-
houses as Well as in attorney's offices and
editorial sanctums. It' is good anywhere. It
is a matter of figures which, belongs to tlie
severest sciehces, and is not,to be disputed.
. Now, sir, th^ gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Bfici] complains that I have alluded to.gentle-
men as blowing hot and blowing cold, J will
explain what I meant by ,that. I have the
record before me. It was proposed this'morn-
ing to bring bar iron down to the same rate as
we put oil slabs and blooms because in the
prpsen)^ tariff the rates are .the same. On Fri-
day the gentlemaii from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
discussing this matter, skid:
"Iron less finished than bar iron, but moro ad-
vanced than pig iron, is to t>by a duty of lcent per
pound, or $22 40 per ton; while under tho existing
law all bar iron rolled or hammered, not exceeding
six inches in,width and two inches in thickness, oonies
in at that rate. Thug the less advanced article is
to pay under this bill the siitne rate of duty that bar
iron now pays. But tho class of iron provided for in
this paragraph, which is loss finished than bar iron
and more advanced than pig, must be of less value
than bar iron."
Yesterday it was an argument for putting it
down, that it was of less valr.e: to-day it id rm
argument the other way, that it is the same.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with-
draw my formal amendment.
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
! say that he misapprehended the proposition
[ of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,]
thinking that it was a proposition to strike out,
[ only. He finds that it is a proposition to strike
out and insert. There are consequently now
three amendments pending—one more than is
in order. It arises from the misapprehension
of the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then two amendments
are now pending on which debate has been
exhausted, and the first question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logax.]
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. i want a vote on it, but I will with-
draw it to enable tho gentleman to renew it.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it not in order for the
gentleman from New York to withdraw his
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, until it is
reached for consideration. The amendment
now under consideration is that of the gentle-
. man from Illinois, [Mr. LoGax.]
Mr. LOGAN. I will withdraw my ameud-
1 meat to allow the gentleman from Iowa to
renew it.
Mr. CESSNA. With malice against nobody,
\ I must object.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well, gentlemen ; if
you. mean to occupy time you can do it. I
demand tellers on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logan* and
Mr. Mayxaud were appointed.
The question was on Mr. Logan's amend
' hicnt, to strike out 111^ cents per pound " and
, insert "$22 £0 per ton."
The committee divided,; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70. noes G2.' ,
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Cox,'s
amendment, to add to the paragraph the fol-
' lowing:
Provided, That the duty shall not exceed 35 per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON". I move to amend the
amendment by striding out "Co " and insert-
ing "40." I do it for the purpose of saying a
word which I desired to say before the amend-
ment of the gentleman, from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] was voted on, and I want to say it
chiefly in reply to the chairman of the Com-
j mittee of Ways and Means and, the gentleman
| from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] who say that the
[ object of these two classifications was to reduce
| the duties.
i Now, 1 want to call attention to the Treasury
: report, which shows that of tho class of iron
that is now imported under the existing law
at 1 cent per pound the value imported last
year was $2,808,000; and of the class that is
j imported at 1J centa per pound under the
j existing law the valuation was $345,000.
! The Committee of Ways and Means_ by, their
i classification bring one third of .the iron from
! the class bearing 1 cents per pound into a class
\ bearing lj cents per pound- I ask the chair-
, man of the Committee of Ways and Means if
I make a misstatement in reference to this?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; that is right.
! Mr. ALLISON. The classification in the
, first paragraph is, bars more than four inches
j wide; the existing law is, bars more than six
I inches wide. Bars not less than an inch and a
half thick is the existing law, and that is re-
duced to one inch ; so that all bar iron between
4 an inch and an inch and a half thick and ai-
