3944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
* DEFJCrKNCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1977) to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priationforcompensationand mileageof mem-
bers of the House of Representatives and Dele-
gates from Territories for the fiscal year ending
Jane 80, in the year 1870, the question being
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, which was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$1,400,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
to supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs for
the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1870; and that the
sum of $20,000 be appropriated for the payment of
fees to special counsel in such cases wherein the
United States are parties in interest, as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem it necessary and proper to
employ the same, to be disbursed under his direction,
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust the Senator from
Maine, who is chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, will make some brief explana-
tion of this large deficiency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will do so with
pleasure. On a former day a communication
was read from the Secretary of the Treasury
which explains it in detail; but I will make a
brief statement showing precisely how this
deficiency has accrued.
It is proper to say, with regard to the ex-
penses for the collection of the customs rev-
enue, that appropriations are not made annually
to meet that service. In 1866, by statute of
that year, it was provided that $2,200,000should
be appropriated for the collection of customs
semi annually, which, it will be seen, would be
$4,400,000 annually for the collection of the
customs. In addition to that, the proceeds of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures are appropri-
ated to the same end. The total averages be-
tween five and six millions annually. This
year there is a deficiency of $1,400,000. It is
accounted for in this way: the receipts for cus-
toms for the six months ending December 31,
1S68, weie $86,000,000 in round numbers; the
receipts for customs for six months of 18G9,
ending December 31, 1869, were $93,000,000.
The expenditures for that period for the col-
lection were $3,067,000 iu 18C8, and in 1869
$3,230,000. There, was an increase of expend-
iture in 1869 over 18G8 of $504,011. 1 refer
to this to show that the expenditures arc not
uniform. This year there is an increase in the
expenditures over last year of about a little
over half a million—$504,011 18 precisely.
That is accounted for in this way. For
eleven months of the present year, the whole
amount of revenue collected was $197,000,000
in round numbers; the estimated receipts from
customs for the next month are $13,000,000,
making $192,000,000 from the customs this
year, which is an excess of between twelve and
thirteen million dollars over last year. This is
the reason why there is an excess of expend-
iture for collection ; and it is accounted for in
two ways; first, from the general increase of
business which gives an increase in the revenues
of some twelve million dollars this year over
last; second, the efforts which the Secretary
has adopted for the rigid enforcement of the
laws, which are iw their nature temporary, but
which the Secretary congratulates himself and
the country have been successful in collecting
a larger amount of revenue.
Then, if I have made myself understood,
this deficiency comes first from the fact that
Congress since 1866 has made no adequate
appropriation for the customs; by statute of
that year it appropriates semi-annually $2,200,-
000, or $4,400,000 per annum, which has fallen
short usually about one million dollars. This
year it falls short something more than that,
for the reasons I have stated: first, from the
increase of business which has given a pretty
large excess over the last year in receipt of
customs, and secondly, from the efforts which
the Secretary has seen fit to set on foot for the
better enforcement of the revenue laws.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will allow me
to suggest that there is one other item, I
think, to which the honorable Senator did not
refer; and that in the less amount collected
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures than was
estimated for, in consequence of the increased
efforts to secure vigilance on the part of the
customs officers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is very
true. This statement is made in a communi-
cation read the other day; that is to say, there
has been a less amount "of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures collected than last year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When this appropria-
tion bill came up last week I took occasion
very briefly to refer to this amendment offered
by the chairman of tke Committee on Appro-
priations to a House deficiency bill, increasing
the appropriation for collecting the revenue
from eustoms some $1,400,000, and appro-
priating $20,000 to be used by the Secretary
of the*Treasury in employing counsel. In re-
ferring to that matter I stated that it seemed
very singular that so large an appropriation
should be called for, and alluded to what had
been said by the Senator from Maine some
days ago when he spoke of a reduction made
in an appropriation bill which came from the
House. When I did so I had no conception,
that I was giving offense at all to the Senator
from Maine; but he chose to reply somewhat
sharply to what I said on that occasion, which
was but a very few words, and the Senate im-
mediately went into executive session, afford-
ing me no opportunity to reply to the remarks
of the Senator at that time. Since then I have
looked at the remarks that I myself made,
which were casual, as they have been printed
since in the Globe, and have read what the
Senator from Maine had to say, and have also
referred to his remarks upon the former occa-
sion to which I then alluded. The Senator
from Maine in replying to me the other day
used this language:
" I desire to say a word in reply to the Senator from
Illinois. When the Senator criticises thus severely
1 am aware that he criticises according to a habit
of his tnuid, and therefore I am not particularly
offended. I expcct that; but 1 wish to say to biin
that if he was better intorinod as to what ho talks
about ho would seohow gratuitous the remarks which
he makes about the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations are. They ore utterly unfounded, in
fact; and the slightest observation or attention to
what the chairman said on a former day would have
spared mo the infliction of such a speech as that."
He then goes on to say, "1 know what I
talked about the other day," and he remarks
in that connection :
"Tho day before yesterday I said that the Com-
mittoo on Appropriations bad cut down tho expense
for the collcction of internal revenue$1,000,000. Wo
ask for a deficiency now in the collection of the cus-
toms. Does the Sonator see the difference ?"
I can tell the Senator from Maine that I did
not say that he had stated, on aformer occasion,
that he had reduced the expenses $1,000,000
in the collection of customs. I spoke generally
of the remarks which had been made by the
Senator from Maine upon a former occasion,
and did not say one word about his having
said that, he had reduced the appropriation for
the collection of the revenue from customs
$1,000,000. It was unnecessary for the Sen-
ator to undertake to inform me of the differ-
ence between the collection of therevenue from
customs and the collection of the internal rev-
enue. I had not said a word about it.
Now, what had I said that called forth this
severe language of the Senator from Maine ?
Here are my remarks ; they are very brief, not
more than a finger's length in the Globe:
"In the first place, the Senator from Maine con-
gratulated the country and informed the Senate a
day or two ago that ho had saved $1,000,000 in the
legislative and executive appropriation bill that
came from tho House, by striking down the provis-
ion for collecting the revenue from SS.000.000 to
ooo.ooo."
Is not that literally true? Is it not exactly
what he had said?
"Now ho comes in herewith a bill to supply a defi-
ciency for this year by appropriating upward of one
million dollars. If that is the way that our expenses
arc to be reduced, it will bo seen that we aro not
making much progress."
Then the Senator, on that language of mine,
accuses me of not understanding what the bill
is and not being informed about it. _ Was itnot
true that he had said in his remarks in reference
to striking down the appropriation in the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation,
that he had stricken the appropriation down
$1,000,000, and therefore had reduced the ap-
propriations made by that bill as it came from
the House of Representatives. Now he brings
in a deficiency bill of $1,400,000 for collecting
the revenue for this fiscal year.
' Was it anything unreasonable or improper
that I should call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that we were making up by defi-
ciency bills for inadequate appropriations made
in the general appropriation bill? YVas it
unreasonable that I should call attention to
the fact that in the general appropriation bill
for collecting the internal revenue the Senator
from Maine had stricken down the appropria-
tion made by the House of Representatives
$1,000,000; upon what principle 1 do not
know? I trust, however, it was upon some
basis that will justify that reduction and that
we shall not be called, upon before the close
of the next fiscal year, by a deficiency bill, to
make up the sum which the Senator from
Maine has stricken off.
Now, sir, in regard to this very large appro-
priation called for on the present occasion,
why is it? How does it happen ? The Senator
from Rhode Island not now in his seat [Mr.
Sprague] called the attention of the Senate to
the remarks of the Secretary of the Treasury
which were made in his annual report sent to
the Senate on the 6th of December last in
regard to these very expenses of collecting the
revenue from customs; and what did he say?
The Secretary of the Treasury informed the
Senate and the country at that time that—
"The amount paid by warrants for collecting the
revenue from customs during the fiscal year ending
June 30,1868, was $6,378,385 ii, and for the year end-
ing June 30, 1869, $5,376,738 13, showing a decrease
of $1,001,647 30."
A decrease of over a million upon the
amount that had been called for to collect the
customs revenue of the preceding year, that is,
the year ending the 30th June, 1868:
"This decrease in the cost of collceting the rev-
enue has not been attended by any loss of efficiency
in the service. On the other hand, it is believed that
the means for the detection of smuggling are better
than ever before, and that the custom-house service
is also constantly improving."
This was the language of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the 6th day of December
last, stating that he had saved to the country
$1,001,647 30 in collecting the revenue from
customs for the fiscal year which had expired
oil the 30th day of June last, not quite a year
ago, and that this decrease had been made with-
out being attended by any loss of efficiency in
the service. But now, sir, during this fiscal
year, which is to end on the 30th of June,
1870, what have we? We have a deficiency
bill swelling the appropriations for this year,
according to the statement of the Secretary
of the Treasury which he sent to us and laid
upon our tables, to $6,320,779 27, asking now
an appropriation beyond what had been appro-
priatedot $1,412,147. And why is this asked?
What is the basis now of requiring nearly a
million and a half of dollars to help out the
collection of the customs revenue for this year?
What reason does the Senator from Maine give
us? None that I have heard of, exceptsimply
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury ; he
calls for that much. What does he say in
that letter ? What reason does he give ?
He says that the amount collected this year,
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, is larger
than the amount that was collected for the
fiscal year ending June 30; 1869. Jf that be
so, it may take something more to collect the
revenue this year than it did last; and it is so,
because the Secretary of the Treasury gives
us the figures. The revenue being collected
this year is larger than the revenue which was
collected last vear, and therefore it costs some-
