1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
a reproach on the people of the United States,
let them vote for it. I called for the yeas and
nays that they might have the privilege of
recording their votes on that proposition.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I was glad to embrace
the privilege which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] afforded us of voting upon
the bill abolishing the franking privilege, and
I voted against it. I voted against it, first,
because I did not like the manner in which it
had been thrust upon our consideration. I look
upon this movement, emanating as it does
solely from one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, as offensive to this House. The fact
that the Postmaster General has taken charge
of a matter which is entirely a personal priv-
ilege here is degrading to the dignity of mem-
bers. This movement had its sole origin in the
Post Office Department. I am not here to
disparage the intelligence of the people or to
speak against their right of petition; but I
apprehend we would not have been troubled
with petitions on this subject had the mails not
been loaded for the last two months by the
Postmaster General at the public expense in
besieging every little post office throughout the
United States with his printed blanks.
I ask gentlemen to consider what these
blanks contain? Has it never occurred to
gentlemen that the printed heading to every
one of these petitions that comes here in favor
of abolishing the franking privilege is a cal-
umny on members of this House? I do not
share in the belief that there are great abuses
of the franking privilege. I have been a mem-
ber of this House for some years, and I believe
that I have associated with gentlemen and not
with plunderers and lawbreakers. I believe
that I am associated here now with gentlemen
of as high honor as the Postmaster General or
any other Cabinet officer. The heading makes
specific charges. Who do they relate to? They
relate to you and to me if to anybody. I do
not believe I have ever abused the franking
privilege. I certainly have aimed never to do
so. I do not believe that you have. It is a
privilege that has come down to us from the
foundation of the Government. It has been
left for these latter days to find out what frauds
we have been perpetrating upon the laws of
our country for so many years.
I have seen a newspaper published in this
eity and called, I believe, the Post Office De-
partment organ. I believe it is the organ of
fee official who is instructing and lecturing this
House. In it there are many charges; such as
franking, I believe, barrels of flour and suits
of clothes, and, if I remember rightly, mem-
bers from the Pacific coast are charged with
some most extraordinary and ridiculous vio-
lations of law. This is disgraceful; it is very
disgraceful, and calls for a committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to say that any
statement in regard to any member from the
Pacific coast of that character is entirely false,
come from whatever source it may.
Mr. VOORHEES. I know it is; of course
it is entirely false. I intended to say so my-
self. The gentleman from California certainly
did not understand me as making any such
charge. I simply pointed it out to denounce
it. But when a Department of this Govern-
ment assumes to establish what it calls an
"organ" to'Blander this House, I for one do
not propose to snbmit tamely to its aspersions.
I do not believe so illy of my fellow-members
here. I do not believe in these wholesale
frauds.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With regard to the
organ of which the gentleman speaks I do not
understand that the Postmaster General has
established any paper here at all. It is a pri-
vate enterprise of a gentleman who has started
a sort of post office record. He makes it the
organ of the Post Office Department; that is,
he publishes the various changes of postmasters i
and in the postal service. i
Mr. VOORHEES. I am informed by gentle-
men sitting around me that this paper states
that it is published by the official authority of
the Department. Be that as it may, of course
the word of the gentleman from Illinois is good,
and I accept his statement. But even if it be
not true that it has the sanction of the Post-
master General he should not allow it to go to
the country pretending that it has without his
contradiction. But I am prepared to believe
that he does sanction it, from the fact that he
: himself has circulated widespread and broad-
, cast all over this country charges affecting the
j personal honor of every member of this House
and of every Senator in Congress.
' Sir, I am amazed, and have been from the
! first, that members should sit here tamely and
have their desks loaded down day after day
with papers prepared as these have been and
filled with such scandalous and unjust impu-
tations. I know how easily signers to petitions
are obtained. They are tola that the Post-
master General recompiends this, and that it
will reduce the expenses at Washington. Those
who have signed these petitions and sent them
here do not, of course, intend to impute these
frauds to their Representatives in Congress.
Far from it; the people meant no such thing.
But these papers concocted in the office of
the Postmaster General have elements of de-
liberation and forethought, plan and purpose,
that brand them as deliberate assaults upon
members of this House.
Now, one word as to the franking privilege
itself. If I was actuated by selfish motives I
would have voted for abolishing it. It is a
burden to me to write letters and to send off
documents, to no man in this House more so;
but I say to this House that the franking priv-
ilege, perhaps with some modifications, ought,
for the interest of the people, to be in the hands
of members who have to communicate con-
stantly with their constituents. When you strike
it down you strike down not a privilege of this
House, not a privilege of mine or of yours,
Mr. Speaker, but a privilege of the people, a
privilege of the country newspapers, a privi-
lege of the masses. Since the foundation of
the Government they have been in the habit
of sending communications to their Represent-
atives through the post office free of postage,
and of receiving in the same way information
of the doings of the Government.
I will not undertake to enumerate all the
advantages that have accrued to the people
from this diffusion of intelligence free of ex-
pense. I am allowed but five minutes by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflin,] on
whose courtesy I am trespassing.
One word more, however. Who supposes
the abolition of the franking privilege will result
in economy ? Who supposes that members of
Congress, with their salaries barely sufficient
to support them here, will themselves pay all
the postage necessary to enable them to keep
up constant and proper communication with
their constituents ? I know what will be the
result of this thing, and you may as well meet
it fairly and face to face. The necessary
amounts will annually slip into your appropri-
ation bills to enable you to do what ydu now do
by the exercise of the privilege. I know that
and every member of this House knows it as
well.
Now, in conclusion, if any gentleman wants
to fully understand the sham and humbug of
all this cry for economy in this particular direc-
tion, I recommend him to read carefully a
speech delivered on this floor by my colleague
[Mr. Tynjcr] on Saturday last. In that he will
see demonstrated by figures how false and hol-
low is all the clamor upon this subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will not call the previous
question at this time. If he will yield to me
1 would like to make some remarks.
Mr. LAFLIN. How long a time does the
gentleman want ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will surrender the floor to me I will call the
previous question at the conclusion of my
remarks.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am under a promise to
yield to the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Ela,] and I now do so. '
Mr. ELA. As this debate seems to turn
upon the question of economy, with reference
to the cost of publishing these petitions in the
Congressional Globe, I desire to know from
the gentleman from New York whether the
present contract for that publication does not
cost the country annually $100,000 more thqn
the publication would have cost had it been
transferred to the Congressional Printing
Office?
Mr. LAFLIN. That would be a very proper
inquiry to be put to me if we were discussing
whether or not the publication of the Globe
ought to be continued under the present ar-
rangement. The gentleman from New Hamp-
■ shire, who was mv colleague upon the Commit-
ij tee on Printing during the Fortieth Congress,
knows full well what action was taken by that
committee; and he knows equally well that the
committee as constituted in the Forty-First
Congress took action somewhat different from
that which was adopted by the committee in
the Fortieth Congress. It does not become
me to say what has been the additional cost to
the Government resulting from that change,
for what I might say would be only an expres-
sion of opinion. I do not doubt that the com-
mittee acted for what they deemed to be the
interests of the Government.
I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Blaik.1
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, after what has
been said by my colleague [Mr. Conger] in
reference to the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, I think it fair to say that the application
coming in herein the form of petitions, appar-
ently from the people, emanates really and
only from the Postmaster General. I assert it
here as my belief that not a single petition has
been filed here except those upon the blanks
i! furnished by the Postmaster General. I believe
I that not one voluntary petition for the aboli-
i tion of the franking privilege has come to this
j House signed by the people as the result of
: their own conviction upon this subject.
; Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
i taken. If he will look at the petitions which
| have been sent to other members, and I doubt
! not to himself, be will find that there is another
form of petitions—those coming from the news-
papers. A large number of those I have seen
are in that form.
Mr. BLAIR. That is possible, Mr. Speaker;
but I have seen nothing of the kind. This res-
olution certainly does not touch that subject.
But I wish to say that I think the people have
not expressed here any opinion in behalf of
the abolition of the franking privilege. I have
received quite commonly with these petitions
a note from the postmaster saying that he has
sent the petition because he has been requested
to do so, not because he desired it. The move-
ment has been instigated entirely by the Post-
master General. Who are these postmasters ?
They are under the authority of the Postmaster
General. They can be removed by him. Con-
sequently when one of these blanks is sent by
the Postmaster General to the postmaster the
latter regards himself as ordered by his official
superior to procure signatures. With that
understanding he goes out among the people
and obtains signatures; and, still pursuing the
implied command of the Department, he sends
the petition here.
Sir, what do the people who sign these
papers know as to these frauds upon the frank-
ing privilege ? In the name of the House and
the dignity and honor of its members I deny
the existence of such fraud. I say that these
charges are universally, so far as my knowl-
edge goes, a false imputation upon the mem-
bers of the House. I do not know but that in
this regard some things may have been done
