1870.
THE CONGRESSIOML/:„GIiOLKE,
2057:
sion, and that the act of the Legislature-con-
tinuing themselves and the Governor in power
for that time was valid. So, in this case, the
limit is not prescribed by the constitution and
the election was not held under the constitu-
tion. But this ordinance proceeds further to
say, "and so the said officers shall each of
them hold their offices as if they were elected on
the Tuesday after the first Monday in Novem-
ber, 1868;" showing clearly that there was no
defined or prescribed limit to the terra of those
electedatthe first election. Then there is an-
other sentence thrown in which I never did
understand and I think the individual called
■'the Philadelphia lawyer" would have to
interpret: "or elected or appointed by the
General Aescmblv next thereafter."
Mr. EDM UNDS. That refers to the judges
and Stale officers.
Mr. POMEROY. If so, it may be intelli-
gible, but if it intended to refer to the Legisla-
ture and Governor and executive officers it is
entirely unintelligible.
Now. Mr. President, I am trying to show
that this term of office contended for, as I am
tohl, bv Governor Bullock and those associated
with him does not find a limit in the constitu-
tion or congressional laws, and could not from
the nature of the case, because they could not
tell the day of their admission, and the gov-
ernment was entirely provisional up to that
time; and it is only within the power of the
Legislature to prescribe when the next election
(after this first term) shall take place.
But 1 ivish to remark here that I do not think
it is within the power of the Legislature to pre-
scribe a period, beyond the limit fixed in the
constitution, which shall be the term lor which
the Governor shall serve. There is no power
of perpetuating itself in the constitution. The
Senator from Michigan yesterday undertook to
say that this Legislature under this constitu-
tion might perpetuate itsel f year after year into
the future ; and, as he was obliged to say Iroui
his argument, into the interminable future,
because that power in the constitution given
to the Legislature to prescribe and fix when
an election should be held he thought was a
power to extend it beyond the limit of the four
years for which the Governor is to hold.
It is clear to me that the constitution does
limit definitely and precisely restrict the term
of every officer elected under it; and the only
reason why it does not restrict the term o: the
officers first elected is that they were not elected
under it, and it could not fix the term of an
officer not elected under it.
Mr. SCHQRZ. Will the Senator from Kan-
sas permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. I will not refuse.
Mr. SC11URZ. The election was held umlcr
the ordinance. '
Mr. POMEROY. No, under the oider ol
the general commanding, agreeably to the ordi-
nance. ,.
Mr. SCHURZ. It was held under the ordi-
nance, the first ordinance, "to provide ior tue
election of civil officers;" and the constitution
reads with regard to this ordinance.^the ordi-
nances of this convention on the subject ot the
first election and the first General Assembly
shall have the force of law unli! they expire
bv their own limitation. All other ordinances
of a mere legislative character shall have the
force of laws until otherwise provided oy the
General Assembly "
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to rean m tins
connection the fist, clause Oi the second sec
iion oi nrticlr. thre^:
a-Jiouvi'iient ot liii'' convention.
That was ..li the election that was held. It j
that wa« not undtr the constitution, I should
like to know what it was utrier.
'Mr. POMEROY. That is precisely what, 1
w:is arguing, that although the ordinance pic
scribed this form of election, and did agree
with the commanding general's order in regard
to the time, yet the authority for that election,
the qualifications of voting at that election, and
the returns of that election, were made to the-
commanding general, and by virtue. of his
authority under laws of Congress.,
Mr. EDMUNDS. What meaning does .the
Senator give to that language I have-read which'
speaks of an election, the first to be held withiti
sixty days after the adjournment of the.conven-
tion ? What election was that?
Mr. POMEROY. That is theelection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The one that was held ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. '
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it was an election
mentioned in the constitution.
Mr. POMEROY. Jn the ordinance:
Mr. EDMUNDS. I read from the constitu-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. It was mentioned both m
the ordinance and the constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought so.
Mr. POMEROY. Butt.be commanding gen-
eral, you will see, if you have the pamphlet
which 1 have, containing a transcript ot the
orders of the commanding general, adopted
the suggestions of the convention and made
his orders, which were the supreme authority
in that district, conform to the "requests" of
the convention, for that is the language in which
they placed a part of their recommendations.
The convention had no authority ; it could not
prescribe a single qualification. The election
was not by virtue of any authority contained
in the convention, but only by the authority
Congiess had declared in the reconstruction
law, and executed by the commanding general
there, because if the convention had authority
it was not authority by virtue of its being a
convention, but only as Congress might have
delegated it to the convention.
Now, sir, 1 wish to say in conclusion, because
I did not intend to occupy much time- 
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Kan-
sas will allow me, as I see he is about to close,
I should like to say a word in respect to what
he has said with regard to California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Kel-
locg in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Kansas yield to the Senator from California ?
Mr. POMBROY. I am willing to yield, but
I do not hear the Senator. I should be glad
to hear him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to make a remark
or two in reference to the observations of the
Senator from Kansas in respect to the history
of the formation of the State government in
California.
Mr. POMEROY. As soon as I have con-
cluded, the Senator's remarks will bo in order.
I do not care to have the Senator's remarks
interposed until I have concluded, unless they
relate to something that I have said.
Mr. CASSERLY. I still do not succeed in
making the Senator hear me. The Senator
referred to California and to the organization
of its State governmentand its condition before
it was admitted into the Union as supplying
an argument in favor of his position; and as I
perceive now, having heard the Senator state
his idea as to what constitutes a provisional
government., that he spoke in error as to the
facts, with his leave I should like to correct
him before lie takes his seat.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires to
make any remarks in reference to California
I would prefer that he should make them when
I have concluded. I only referred to California
as illustrating the iiregular manner in which
States had been admitted into the Union, not
as reflecting noon California. I only desired
;o show thai, there had been formerly under
what 1 may call the Democratic administration
of this Goveramentgreat irregularities, irregu-
larities equal I think to ihat irregularity which
we are complained of in introducing States that
I have been lately in rebellion. I cited Cali-
fornia merely as an illustration, not by way of
i reflecting upon her, tor I do not know any-
thing against,her to reflect Upon, in this place
and at this time.
, Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator will allow
ma-then to say that ixi -supposing, as he has
stated^ that-California came into this Union
with a provisional- form of government, he is
widely .mistaken. . That government was not
provisional,,; it was intended to be permanent,
and was :permanent; and the, laws passed.by
th® Legislature of -that State before she was
admitted into the Union are in, force in that
State to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I said. I
have the volume before me, But let me ask
the Senator frbm 'California, suppose you had-
not been admitted on the 9th of September,
1850, but had been admitted at another time,
under another constitution, would your laws
have been valid?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is suppos-
ing a state of' things entirely in conflict with
what I have Stated.
Mr. POMEROY. It illustrates my argu-
ment to show that it was the admission of.
California into the Union that made her pre-
vious acts of government yalid and .binding;
that if they had been superseded by another
constitution, as was the case in my State, and
another election., the first one would have been
entirely invalid, provided Congress had admit-
ted the State on the second.
Mr. CASSERLY. Had there been a second
constitution of course that would show that the
first form of government was not permanent,
but provisional; but as there was not a second
constitution, nor, a second form of government,
it is not correct for anybody to-say. that, the
State.of California came into this Upion;with
a provisional-form of government.. That is all
I wish to say about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say m
closing—for if this debate is to be continued
day by day this provisional form of govern-
ment may grow up into a perpetual form of
government—that my own view of this case is
that it has nothing to do with the personalities
of the men who represent this State govern-
ment. I have heard severe censures upon the
men who represent this new government in
Georgia, but for my own part I share nothing
in them. Those men have not been on trial
in any court where I have been present; and
I do not propose to bring in any verdict either
for or against them'until they have had a trial
aud a fair hearing. I have seen in the papers
and heard in the Senate reflections upon sev-
eral of the men concerned in that government,
but so far as my argument in this case goes it
has nothing to ,do with persons at all. if bad
men have been elected to office there the con-
stitution provides for their impeachment. It
good men have been elected 1 am glad of it,
and hope they will administer the laws faith-
fully and well.
But I insist upon it that there should be no
effort on-the part of Congress to cut off the
term of any man in office there on the suppo-
sition that he is a bad man, or because some-
body says that he intends to perpetuate himself
year after year in the office of Governor. No
power is given in the constitution of that State,
If I can read it aright, for any Governor to per-
petuate himself longer than the term for which
he was elected. • The only reason that it is not
clear when the term of the first Governor ex-
pires is because there is no clear provision as
to when his term begins. It was not under-
stood by those who made the constitution taat
the first term should have any exact number
of days, weeks, or months.
But, Mr. President, it is a responsibility tfia-
I hate to share, to send back to the people oi
Georgia a dispute and a contest, i hose peo-
ple have not yet learned to love each o. i
vorv well. If we now settle nothing that
dispute there it will only transfer the
from Congress, where everything can heptaix
fully and quietly settled, to the people of 0 eu i -
gia, for them to contest over it, and peuapa ..
