1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
which ought not to have been done; but as n ij The Clerk read as follows:
reneral rule I say the House has not abused  f ' -
this privilege. I spurn the imputation that I
have been guilty of abusing the franking priv-
ilege; that I have been guilty of "gross and
boundless frauds." That is the language of
the report of the Postmaster General. Such
a charge is not true. When the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Strong] said a little
while ago that there have been abuses I was
willing that he should go on and tell us what
they are. I have heard that charge over and
over again.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I can tell the gen-
tleman what they were.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] has expired.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD; of Ohio. I rise to put a
parliamentary inquiry to the Chair. It the
previous question De not sustained, will it then
be in order for me at this stage of the proceed-
ings to offer a resolution to abolish the pub-
lication of the Globe?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold
that it would be.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then i ask the ]
House to vote down the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the res-
olution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Laflin] be laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes SO; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Fjjsnsworth and Mr. Laflin.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 50.
Mr. LAFLIN demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
leoal-tknder notes.
Mr. Hf&ERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following proposition for
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary:
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to th«
Constitution of the United States.
Bt it reaolvtd by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That
the following article be proposed to the Legislatures
of the several States as an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, which, when ratified
by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid
£3 part of the Constitution, namely:
Aeticle —.
Sictiqn 1. The Congress shall hare power to issue
United States notes, and may make them a legal
tender in payment of debts.
Mr. KNOTT. I object.
Mr. ingersoll. i only ask that it may
be printed and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. KNOTT. I insist on my objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I give notice that
I will introduce it at the earliest opportunity.
contested election—covodb vs. foster.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I rise to call np the
Pennsylvania contested-election case of Covode
w. Foster; but before doing so I will yield to
my colleague, [Mr. McCarthy.]
personal explanation.
Mr. McCarthy, i a8k unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explan-
ation.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, having
been absent from the House for a few days, I
nave been notified by a friend of an editorial
w the New York Evening Post of the 2d instant,
making allusions personal to myself; and I ask
to have it read at the Clerk's desk, or at least
so much of it as I have marked.
One of these corporations, grown wealthy and
powerful, sent a gentleman to Congress witn the
understood purpose of representing its interests. Its
influence caused Mr. Dennis McCarthy, one of its
chiof shareholders, to be elected from the Syracuse
district; and in order that Mr. McCarthy might
more effectually watch over the interest he repre-
sented he-was placed on the Committee of Ways and
Means. He has done his work with success. His
single vote has saved salt from interference in com-
mittee. Nor is this all. Besides protecting his own
especial preserve ho has found time to watch ten-
derly over every other monopoly, and to lend his
active and usually decisive aid wherever the inter-
ests of a privileged class were threatened. His
career in Congress has been eminently useful to his
friends."
Mr. McCARTHY. While I return thanks
to the gentlemen for the compliment paid me
for my success, I must say that compliment is
nullified from the fact that it is said in a hypo-
critical manner and with a malicious intent.
The whole statement of facts in the article
referred to, which is a very long one, is untrue.
In the first place, I am not a large shareholder
of that corporation ; and in the next place, I
am not a manufacturer of salt. I should not
object if I were a large shareholder, because
there have been times in the history of that
corporation when it made a large amount of
money. How did it make it? It made it in
1862, 1863, and 1864, when the rebel privateer
Alabama swept the ocean of our ships, and
when the salt-works upon the Kanawha were
destroyed by the rebels, and when salt in con-
sequence rose from two to five dollars a barrel.
Of course this was a cause outside and not
connected with the legitimate manufacture of
salt; and in 1861 this corporation bought a
large coal tract. In the depressed condition
of the country at that time it bought that tract
cheaply. In 1866 it sold that land with a con-
tract to furnish it with coal for seventeen years
at a small profit of fifty cents over and above
the cost of producing the coal and delivering
it at the works of this corporation. In addi-
tion to that contract the corporation received
a bonus of $500,000 for the pnrchase of the
land.
Now, sir, since 1865, daring the last four
years, that company has sot paid, nor has it
earned, a dividend of even six per cent, on the
capital invested in the manufacture of salt. So
far for that.
I defend the company because it is located in
my district and becausc it is one of the import-
ant industries of the country. Onthose grounds
it so far has my support, and no further. The
article which has been read says I am a chief
shareholder. This is not true. Nor is it true
that the company aided my election. They
had no voice in my election. They had no
counsel in my election. They had no action
in my election. The majority of that company,
the president, the secretary, the treasurer, and
the controlling interest, are strong and leading
Democrats. The article charges that I was
put upon the committee through the influence
of that company. It is not true; not a man
interested in the company in one way or another
haS ever appeared in this Capitol or around it
on that account. I suppose that the Speaker,
in making up the committee, discovered this
fact: that there was one member of that com-
mittee from New York whq_by his talents and
experience was entitled to be again placed on
the committee. We all know that that gen-
tleman's sympathies are with the importing
interests of the country, whose profits are ten-
fold those of any salt-manufacturing interest.
We know, too, that that gentleman represents
the free-trade and the low-tariff interest of the
country.
Now, I appeal to this House and to the coun-
try whether it was any more than fair to put
on that committee another member from New
York who is a strong high tariff and protect-
ive man. And this is all the reason I can give
why the committee is made up as it is, as re-
gards the State of Now York.
Then this article says that my vote " saved
salt" in the committee. I know not where
the authors of this article got their inform-
ation ; but we all know that that committee is
composed of nine members, and that it takes
five to make a majority, and each one of those
five members is responsible upon a test vote
as much as any single one of them. I cannot
say whether my vote or some other's saved
salt. I can only say, what the facts prove,
that a majority of the committee "kept salt
out of the bill, " as the writer of this article
expresses it.
I have only one word to add. I have sus-
tained the tariff in that committee from the
begining to the end because it has been the
best tariff for revenue the country has ever had,
and because it has been the most judicious in
its protection to the industry of the country.
With this simpleexplanation I reserve any state-
ment of the facts or the arguments with regard
to the tariff until the tariff bill shall be in
Committee of the Whole.
JOHN L. MARTE, JR.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I yield to the gentle-
man from Yirginia [Mr. Porter] to offer a
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to say that after the
gentleman from New York has yielded to the
gentleman from Virginia I shall object to his
yielding to any other, and shall demand the
regular order.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution for present considera-
tion :
Whereas it is represented.that Gilbert C. Walker.tha
Governor of Virginia, did, on the 27 th ultimo, appoint
one John L. Marye, jr., Lieutonant Governor of the
State: and whereas it is further represented that the
said John L. Mayre, jr., held the office of mayor of
Fredericksburg, in said Stato; previous to the late
war, such an officer being at that time and still is
under the laws of Virginia ex officio a justice of tha
peace, and as such required by the Constitution of
the United States to take an oath to support that
instrument; and whereas it is further represented
that the said John L. Marye, jr., afterward engaged
in the rebellion or gave aid and comfort to the ene-
mies of the United States in various ways; amons
others, by voting at the polls for the ratification of
the ordinance of secession, and also, as a member of
the Legislature at Richmond, in 1862 and 186$, vot-
ing men and supplies to carry on the war of rebellion
against the Government of theUnited States: There-
fore,
Be til resolved. That the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
as to the truth of these representations; and if they
ascertain them to be true, to report to the Housa
the remedy for this gross and early violation of t,ho
act under which Virginia had been admitted to rep-
resentation in Congress only on the preceding day,
as well as the violation of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
ORDER 01" BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman from
New York proceeds to call up the resolutions
of the Committee of Elections the Chair will
lay before the House certain executive com-
munications.
HARBOR OF CHICAGO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of February 17, 1869, transmitting the
report of the chief of engineers upon the pro-
posed improvements of the harbor of Chicago.
Mr. JTJDD. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1170) to appropriate
money for the enlargement or the harbor of
Chicago; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
LOCATION OP CHIPPEWA SCRIP.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
inclosing a copy of the special instructions
issued to the district land officers at Alexandria,
Minnesota, under the direction of the Secre-
