1870.
THE COtfGKESSIfcfrAl (tt.OfiK.
3001
between four and six inches wide that now
comes in at 1 cent per pound is increased by |
this paragraph to li cents per pound. i
Now, I defy the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, or any gentleman upon this
floor, whether he be engaged in the iron busi-
ness or not, to tell us exactly how_much iron
came in between an inch and an inch and a
half thick and between four and six inches
wide. We may all make approximate esti-
mates with regard to it. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means may say more
of that class came in, and the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Matstard] may say less did.
But it is all an estimate. Now, what 1 have
stated in my remarks heretofore is that you
have changed the classification by throwing up
into the higher class a large lot of iron that
now comes in at 1 cent per pound. That is all
there is in it. Although wo may not any of
us understand the details, yet the wayfaring
man cannot err with reference to the classifica-
tion and the object of the classification made
by gentlemen who are engaged in manufactur-
ing iron.
I know that we do reduce the rate of dnty
on iron that now bears a duty of 1| to lj cents;
but of all the iron imported last year there
was only $345,000 worth of that class, while
of the iron that bears a duty of 1 cent a pound
there was imported last year nearly $3,000,0(10
worth, and that is the effect of this change of
classification. But now, since the Committee
of the Whole have reduced the duty to $22 40
per ton, I think the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] is mistaken in his amendment.
There has been a general reduction of the
duties on rolled and hammered iron without
reference to classification. The Committee of
the Whole having adopted the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] the
classification with reference to rolled or ham-
mered iron makes practically no difference,
except that we have reduced a portion of it
to $20 per ton and a portion to $22 40 per ton.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It is pretty hard, I see,
to come to an agreement even in regard to that
which involves figures, which one would gup-
pose we could arrive at much more nearly than
we seem to do. In the first place, what has
been done ? This paragraph proposes to impose
a duty of 1J cents per pound, or $28 per ton,
upon a certain class of iron which is described.
What is the present duty upon that class of
iron? My colleague on the committee [Mr.
Allison] will inform the gentlemen of the
Committee of the Whole if I am wrong. The
duty on a part is $22 40 per ton, and on a part
it is $33 CO per ton.
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SCHENCK. On a part the duty is
1 cent per pound, or $22 40 per ton; and on a
part it is if cents per pound or $33 00 per ton. j
The Committee of Ways and Means proposed ]
to put it all at $28 per ton. The Committee J
of the Whole have decided to put it ali down
to $22 40 per ton.
Mr. ALLISON, Reducing the whole of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not the whole of it j the
gentleman is mistaken there. It leaves at
$22 40 that which-was $22 40before, and brings
down to $22 40 that which was $83 60 before,
a very great tumble indeed. The gentleman
also calls attention to the fact that at this time
there is a large importation of the 1 cent per
pound iron, and much less of the 1,} cent per
pound. Well, sir, it has been so for a number
of years; probably it always was so. Why ?
For two or three reasons. In the first place,
wherever you have classes there is an endeavor
to put the article to be imported in such shape
where it is a specific duty, as it is in this case,
or at less price if it be an ad valorem duty, as
to bring the higher classes in under the lower
class duty. Now, although wc have not yetthe
full returns carried out tor the year 1869, we
have enough to indicate a large increase over
the amount, $1,071,000, introduced in the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868. What does this
show? That under this high rate of duty, as
gentlemen claim that it is, iron has been pour-
ing into the country.
Mr. ALLISON. I know the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means does not
mean to make that statement.,,
Mr. SCHENCK. Why not?
Mr. ALLISON., The,.amount imported in
1&S8 was $2,192,OOQ j in 18G9 it was §2,802,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of what is the gentleman
speaking?
Mr. ALLISON. I am apeakingof the values
of the iron imported.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I was speaking of
the dpties on the iron imported; Th* gentle-
man defies anybody to tell ho.w much of this
iron has the duty raised from 1 cent per pound
to H cents per pound s and on how much
the duty is reduced from lj cents per pound
to 1J cents per pound. I admit that nobody
has the figures or the returns to show that;
there is no snch account kept. Bat there
is one thing certain, that in the Treasury re-
ports—upon which, with due submission to
gentlemen, I still think we ought to Tely, as
they are made up of these "returns—you will
find given the quantity of importation, the value,
the duty upon it, and atoong other things you
have the average dutiable value per unit of
quantity, as well as the adtitityrem duty. And
what do you find? That with reference to these
twoclasses,atthe present classification, so much
of the larger sized iron falls under the highest
rate of 1£ cents per pound that it brings the
whole down, so that there is no appreciable
difference in the npit of quantity as to value,
and both are put at 2-j. And what doeB that
show ? It seems to' me it shows that the line
of demarcation is not ia the right place ; that
you have not effected your object fey your Class-
ification, and that you must adopt some other
line if you mean to have yoar classification
correct.
[Here the hammer fell.]1
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw myomefldmen}:.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Cox, to add to the paragraph
the following:
Provided, Thfit the duty shall not exceed So per ,
cent, ad valorem.
Upon a division there wer$—ayes twertty-
dne, noes not counted.
So the amendment Wa3 n6t igreed to.
Mr. BROOKS,of New York- .lam going
to make a very good offer, to the iron people.
I move to amend the pending paragraph by
adding thereto the following:
Provided, That there shall be no- increase of duty
beyond .the tariff ia force prior to 1800, amounting
to over 100 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr.,LAWRENCE., I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr.. Brooks] by striking out the, words
•'amounting to over i00 per cent ad valo-
rem.;" tJpon this amendment I desire to.make
a single remark. It seemsto me that the gen-
tleman from Ne\v York, in .putting^ a stump
speech in this bill, , may possibly give it an
effect which he doe's not design.,;. ,tf in t,hjs
hill we declare that the duty exceeds 100 p4r
cent., the custom-house officers will be bound
so to construe the law; and they would so
construe it. The effect-would be that while
the gentleman is seeking to reduce ihe duty
he would not at all reduce it. Hence! sub-
mit that the clause which,I-have mentioned
should be struck out. , . , . u
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. My amend-
ment simply provides that there shall ba;po
increase beyond 100 per cent, upon the tariff
on iron which existed prior to l^GO-1—before
the war. I am willing to give an increase of
100 per cent., but not more.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 think the-words which
I propose to strike out are not necessary.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1^ think
everybody ought to be satisfied if we give an
increase of 100 per cent, upon the tariff in
force in 1860.
Mr., LAWRENCE. I do not know hut I
shall vote for the gentleman's amendment if
my amendment be adopted.
Mr. Lawrence's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question being taken On tlie.amendment
of Mr. Brooks, of Now York, there were—
ayes twenty-one,- noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I offer the following
Amendment:
After the Word " poaail," In lino three hundred
,aatl thirty-eight, insert the following:
i Provided, That all iron bars, rolled or hammered,
urndo wholly or ih pstrt from the uso of charcoal as
ai'uol, shall pay an additional duty of half a cont
1 per pound.
i Mr., Chairman, I desire to call the attention
! of the committee to the fact that under the
bill as it stands the better grades of foreign
iron,, made principally in Norway, Sweden,
and Russia, will eome in under the same du-
ties as the cheap . Welsh and English bars.
The bill makes no provision for the protec-
tion of the higher grades of iron made from
charcoal as a fuel, and which are intermediate
.between ordinary bars of steel. Yet there is
great.difference in the cost of production. In
my district, the production is chiefly charcoal
iron, and its necessary cost is so great that it
cannot live in .competition if the market is to
be .stocked with foreign charcoal iron, paying
,.i\o higher duties tliap those imposed upon irons
made from mineral coal.
I have now.before me the circular of prices for
March apd statements from the 3d of January
last to the 16th of April of two of th<j promi-
nent iron dealers of New York. Swedish and
Norway iron is quoted in March, and, it may be
taken as a fair average standard at the present
tifn.e> at 7 cents per pound or $156 SO per ton,
and English ana Welsh bars of. the same size
are quoted at $80 per ton. Yet all theseirOos
come,in under this bill at the same rate of
j duties', $r, in Qther words, iron, made in Norway,
i Swedefl, apd Russia, and other places, with
. charcoal as a fuel, pays only the same duty as
• that made in; England' and Wales, with mine-
ral coal as a fuel, the former worth in the mar
ket above $150 per ton, while the latter is
. worth about $80 per ton, The bill leaps at
, once from the cheapest make of iron to. steel,
while;charcoal iron comes in between.
The great difference in the cost and value
j between,the two kinds of iron is partly in the
i use.of charcoal as a fuel and partly in the differ-
ent modes of manufacture. The Welsh and
English, as well as a large proportion of the
iron iiow made in our own coontry, is made
with the use of mineral coal as a fuel in the
blast furnace, and afterward puddled or boiled
With nse of the game kind of fuel, and makes
the common or cheap irons, .while the Russia,
Norway, and Swedes iron, as-well as ouf char-
coal iron, ;is made withthe use of charcoal as a
fuel in the blast furnace, and afterward refined
and madei into blooms,with thaupg of the same
kind gf fuel, and makes the finer qualities of
iron, used for drawing into fine wire, plating
into, shovels, scythes &c., and for the best riv-
ets, boltty horgeshoe nails, &c., and largely .for
makipg boilers and imitation Russia sheet- iron.
The great difference, as stated before, in the
'cost and value of the , two is, first, in the fuel
used. The charcoal, necessary for making ,a
ton.of this iron costs now from $15, to $20 per
ton, inade up of wood lease,, cutting, hauling,
coaling, transportation, &c., while the cost of
mineral coal per. ton of metal will vary Iroin
$6 the best, locations to about $14 in those
not so favorably situated. For refining with
charcoal the fuel will cost not less than ,$8 per
ton,,.while for the,puddling or boiling process
.thejuel will cost not over $2 per ton in favor-
able locations. , The labor in refining charcoal
iron oosts at. present about $9 pej ton, while
that of puddling or boiling the anthracite is
about $(J per ton.
