1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thing more to collect it; but is it reasonable
to suppose that it costs in proportion to collect
the excess what it does to collect the amount
of money below the excess? For instance, you
have the same machinery for collecting a rev-
enue from customs of $180,000,000 that you
have for collecting $190,000,000. The amount
of revenue collected for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1869, was $180,048,426 63,
and that was collected for $5,376,738 13.
Now, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870,
it is estimated that the revenue will be some
$190,000,000; that is, some 810,000,000 more
than the revenue last year. In proportion, it
ought not, to cost as much to collect that
$10,000,000 as it would for a like amount
of the $180,000,000 collected the year before,
because, as 1 said, having all the machinery
to collect $180,000,000, you could collect
$190,000,000 more cheaply than you could
collect the excess of $10,000,000 by itself.
Now, what is the fact? The Secretary of the
Treasury tells ns in this letter that—
" From statement ' C' it will be'seen tbatthe en-
tire customs revenue has been increased$7,270,011 43
during the same period."
That is, for six months ending the 31st of
December last the amount of customs duties
collected was $7,270,011 43 more than had
been collected for I he corresponding six months
of the year before; that is, there was that much
more collected between the 1st day of July
and the last day of .December, 1869, than was
collected between the 1st day of July and the
last day of December, 1868. Now, what was
the expense of collecting it? The Secretary
says that to collect this excess of $7,270,011 43
cost $504,011 18 for salaries and current ex-
penses. The increased cost for salaries and
current expenses was more than half a million
dollars. Will the Senator from Maine explain
that? .
Will the Senator from Maine explain to
the Senate and to the country why it costs
more than half a million dollars to collect
$7,000,000 during the last six months ending
on the 31st of December last? At that rate
it would cost to collect your customs revenue
$12,000,000 a year. Why was it that seven
oer cent, was required—and that is the show-
ing of the Secretary himself—that it_ cost
nearlv seven per cent, to collect the additional
$7,000,000 that was collected during the six
months of the present fiscal year ending the 31st
of December, more than it cost to collect the
revenue for the same six months the preced-
ing year? I should like some explanation of
it.° We have the figures; we have the state-
ment that it did cost that much. Now, why
should it? The Secretary's statement snows
that the surplus which came over from the last
year, that is the preceding year, to be used tor
this present fiscal year, was son.e $64,000 less
than the surplus which had come over tiom
the year 1867 to the year 1868, and he shows ^
that a less amount has been received from j
and forfeitures than was estimated; bat this |
does not make up the difference. I
After you allow the same amount trom for-
feitures and fines, which goes in to make up
the fund that pays for the collection of customs,
and after you allow the $64,000 of excess,
there is nearly one million dollars lelt to be
accounted for, and nearly one million dollars
more is asked for collecting tne revenue this
year than was asked to collect it last year.
Now, what is the explanation ot thaW it
may be satisfactory to the Senator trom Maine;
hut I confess the explanation is not satisfac-
tory to me, when the Secretary tells me in his
letter, as he does in the statement which he
communicates, and I will read it again.
" From statement' C' it will bose™tb -1 t!ic^c:n-
tirccustoms revenue has been mcic. ^ v .  
during the same period
That is, the period of six months ending ihe
31st of December last—
" at an increased cost of $504 Oil 18 for scvlar.cs snd
current expenses."
I cannot see why it should cost more than
$500,000 to collect $7,000,000; and this cer-
tainly is not in accord with the statement
which we received in the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which he sent to us
on the 6th day of December last, when he told
us that there had been saved during the fiscal
year that had closed on the 1st of July pre-
vious $1,000,000 in collecting the revenue from
customs. I should be very glad if the Senator
.from Maine would explain in some other way
than by simply giving these figures the reason
for this extraordinary increase.
I should not have taken upthismuch timein
regard to this matter, but for the very severe
rebuke that the Senator from Maine adminis-
tered to me for my ignorance in not under-
standing what I was talking about. It appears
that the Senator from Maine misunderstood
what I said, because he accuses me, by infer-
ence at any rate, of saying that he had said
upon a former occasion that he had reduced
the appropriation for collecting the customs
$1,000,000, when I had said no such thing. I
had spoken generally of his statement that he
had reduced the amount for collecting the rev-
enue, and then I spoke of the bill that he now
introduces, asking to supply a deficiency of
almost a million and a half of dollars, and
wilhout designating that one was for customs
and the other for internal revenue. He under-
took to accuse me of saying that the reduction
he had spoken of a few days ago was in the col-
lection of the customs, when 1 had said no such
thing. It is a matter wholly immaterial to the
country where the saving is or where the excess
comesin; itmakesnodiffereucetotheTreasury
of the United States whether $1,000,000 issaved
in collecting internal revenue or in collecting
customs ; but it is very apparent that nothing
is saved to the country or to the Treasury, if
$1,000,000 is taken oft'in the collection of in-
ternal revenue, and then $1,000,000 in excess
is expended in the collection of the customs.
We gain nothing by that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
other evening that I had occasion to complain
of the manner in which the Senator from Illi-
nois assailed the bill which I had brought
before the Senate 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Maine allow me the floor for a
moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regretted
the rather tart remark of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations on the other
occasion when this bill was up, for I foresaw
it must lead to reply, and perhaps it deserved
a reply on the part of the Senator from Illi-
nois ; but the Senator from Illinois should par-
don something to the fatigue of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, consid-
ering all the obstacles and difficulties he has
in getting an appropriation bill through this
body. Now, the Senator from Illinois knows
as well as any Senator here that not a dollar
can be paid out by the Secretary of the Treas-
nrv except in pursuance of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not said that it
could be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then why
seem to pursue him as though he were on trial
here oil impeachment for a malfeasance in
office? Mr. President, of course it happens
that a large amount may be sometimes paid
out for the collection of the revenue, greater
in proportion than the amountreceived as rev-
enue. We cannot expect that it will always
compare pro rata, so much expense for so
much received; but I believe the present
Secretary has so conducted the affairs oi the
Department that it is entirely satisfactory—at
least I supposed it was satisfactory—to a major-
ity of the Senate. 1 hope, therefore, that this
style of debate will not be continued. Let us
take up the bill and consider it upon its merits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
in reply to what the Senator from Vermont has
said. I have entire confidence in the .integrity
of the present Secretary of the Treasury, and
I have a very high regard for his administrative
ability. I think he is an honest man and a man
of great executive ability ; and in what I have
said in regard to this matter I have not intended
to impeach either the integrity or the abitity.of
that officer; so that the Senator from.Maine
and myself are not at variance in that. But
while that is so, I think the occasion for ask-
ing this large deficiency is not explained sat-
isfactorily. Perhaps it would be if we under-
stood all the details about it, but I do not think
that the Secretary's letter sufficiently explains
why there should be such a deficiency, and I
cannot account for so large an expense as
$500,000 in collecting $7,000,000 of revenue,
that is $7,000,000 more than was collected dur-
ing the same period last year. It seems to me
that is an extraordinary expense. It has not
been explained at all by the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ I tried when I
was up before to explain that in answer to an
inquiry of the Senator from California, in a
general way; and I stated then that I had it
from the Secretary of the Treasury that it had
occurred in an effort on his part by strength-
ening the force of the country to increase the
revenues. I did not of course ask him to give
me a detailed statement of the number of officers
who had been employed, or where they had
been employed; but he showed me a result
which seemed to me to satisfy a reasonable
expectation that it had been tolerably well
expended, because this year he shows an in-
crease of the revenue, as I stated, of between
twelve and fifteen million dollars. That is the
result of an effort to increase the efficiency of
the force under his authority for the collection
of the revenue. That may not be satisfactory
to the honorable Senator from Illinois, how-
ever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Maine mean to say that that is owing to greater
efficiency? May not that be owing to the
larger amount of goods imported? The coun-
try is growing; and the customs revenues have
been increasing from year to year; they vary
somewhat, it is true, in different years ; but
does the Senator from Maine mean to lay it
down as a rule that when we have a larger
amount of revenue from customs, that is evi-
dence of greater efficiency in the collection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mean to say
that that is the reason the Secretary of the
Treasury assigns. If the Senator from Illinois
knows that that is not true, then he has ground
for his criticism ; but if it is true that the
retary of the Treasury has honestly increased
the force under his authority with a view of
increasing the revenues, and they have been
increased, I think it is pretty safe to affirm
that he has done it honestly, a.nd that if we
had the leisure and the inclination to investi-
gate the subject, we should find that although
it might not have been directly done at all
times, yet that this was a satisfactory mode of
accounting for the $500,000 excess over last
year.
Now, Mr. President, while I am up, not-
withstanding m/ honorable friend iroui Ver-
mont deprecates any discussion upon this sub-
ject, I must say one word in reply to the
honorable Senator from Illinois, who under-
takes to tell the Senate that he said nothing
on a former occasion which should have led to
reply on my part. Sir, what be did say sub-
stantially was this: that the Senator from
Maine on a former occasion had assured tuc
Senate and the country that the Comml^e® °"
Appropriations had reduced the e*P®?n(!
for the collection of the revenue $:1,0130,WO.
That Senator knew or ought to have kno
that that $1,000,000 reduction referred to th
internal revenues. That . ;ust b°en
bill; that was the subject which had just b.en
