2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
may lead even to bloodshed. I make this re-
mark in support of the amendment introduced
as I commenced speaking by. the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] as a substitute
for what is known as the "Bingham amend-
ment" in the bill reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary. That substitute strikes out
the Bingham amendment and puts it straight
and'clear' in the act that the persons elected to
the'Legislature shall serve its term, and the
Governor shall have a term of four years from
this last January in which to serve out the term
provided for in the State constitution. Whether
that is entirely regular or notldo not undertake
to discuss, because we have not been very reg-
ular, and I do not think it is an essential ele-
ment of the admission of a State that everything
should be regular. We have no precedents of
regularity.
I admit it is a proposition of a strong nature
to adopt; but I submit that the State of Geor-
gia is under Congress to-day as the wax is to
the seal. We may make an impression upon
it by an act of Congress that can never be
effaced, and we should make an impression of
loyalty, and not throw back upon its people a
contest in which the Government itself will be
compelled to interfere before it is closed. It
is on that account that I think, rather than to
dodge the question, rather than to permit this
constitution to interpret itself, rather than per-
mit a fight to go on over the question whether
the Governor shall continue for a longer or
shorter term, it is the duty of Congress to put
it directly and squarely into the act that their
terms of office shall begin on a given day and
end on a given day, and that all terms of oflice
thereafter shall begin and end by the limita-
tions provided in the constitution. Whether
that will make peace in (he Senate or not 1
will not say; but it is a peace-offering to that
State. It will settle the contest there, if it
settles it nowhere else; and I am inclined to
the opinion that such a result would justify
oven the passage of the act.
Mr. President, I have said nothing in regard
lo the expulsion of the colored members of the
1 jegislatnre of Georgia. I know, however, that
if the whito members of that Legislature were
entitled to n proscribed term, as is admitted
by this report from the Judiciary Committee,
the colored members were equally entitled to
it, and I am slow to give to those men who got
up that rebellious vote in that Legislature the
benefit of that blow. They struck out of
that Legislature the colored men from both
branches, and they propose to reap the benefit
of it, and they propose to do it by virtue of the
sanction of the Judiciary Committee and the
'' Bingham amendment." I do not like to have
evil men reap the rewards of evil doing. If
they cut off the term prescribed for these men,
they certainly cut them out of those legislative
balls before they got comfortable in their seats.
Sir, whenever an opportunity offers for me to
do justieo to a race who have been waiting
centuries for the day of their emancipation, I
shall not intend to do an act of injustice to them
by any vote of mine. They were able to come
in a given hour and strike the redeeming blow
of their own freedom, and I intend, so far as
my effort and action can go, to give them the
full benefit of that freedom in the enjoyment
of every right, civil and political, that can be
enjoyed by an American citizen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to make any
speech, but only to occupy two or three min-
utes in referring to the one ease which my
friend from Kansas has cited in support of his
side. The argument of my friend is that this
Georgia government was provisional in the
sense of the statutes down to the time of the
admission of the State, and will be so until we
shall admit the State to representation, and
therefore the period of time that the gentle-
men who were elected under the ordinance
and constitution hold office before the State
is admitted, as Hip Van Winkle said about
another event, "does not count,;" and in
support of that proposition he cited the case
of the Governor of Kansas and the decision
in the first volume of Kansas Reports upon
that point. The counsel for the Governor in
that case argued just as my friend does here
precisely, saying:
"The provisions of section one of article one of
the constitution, that State officers shall hold their
offices from thesecond Monday in January next after
their election, applies only to elections held under
tho constitution, as provided m articlo four, section
two."
" The constitution was not then in force.
' Tho election was held under the schedule, which
is no part of the constitution. Theofficersso elected
are provisional officers."
Now, hear what the court say. I have read
the argument.
Mr. POMEROY. The court sustained it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I infer that my friend
thinks so ; but I will read what they say. They
sustained it in the same sense that this consti-
tution sustains my friend from Nevada. It
happens to read to intelligent men, except to
my friend, right the other way, and I will
read it:
"It is argued by counsel for defendants'*—
That is, the Governor—
"That the foregoing section"—
That is, the section providing that—
"Tho executive department shall consistof a Gov-
ernor, LieuteuantGovernor, secretary of State, au-
ditor, troasuror, attorney general, and superintend-
ent of public instruction, who shall be chosen by
tho electors of the State at tho lime and place of
voting for members of tho Legislature, and shall hold
their ofllcosior the term of two years lroin tho second
Monday in January next allor their election, and
until their successors are elected and Qualified."
The court say:
"It is argued by counsellor defendants that the
foregoing section has no application to the officers
chosen under that article ot the constitution termed
the behedule"—
Like the ordinance here—
" because they were not chosen by ' the electors of the
State' but by tho electors of theTerrilory of Kansas,
i'o our minds the argumont is not convincing.
The schedulo refers to tho officers of the executive
department only to provido a special oleotion for
thoso officers on the first Tuesday of December,
1859, and to mako it tho duty of the Governor-elect,
on tho admission of the Stato into tho Union, to tako
steps tortboimmediate organization of tho Statogo v-
ernuieiit. As soon as the first Govornor was elected
and the government put in motion these clauses of
tho schedule wore obsolote, and the general provis-
ions of tho constitution, and these alone, defined the
duties, powors, qualifications, and term of office of
tho first Governor. His offico is ditforent from that
of any one of his successors only in tho mode of its
inception and in tho special duty imposed on it of
organizing tho government. The schedule, by mak-
ing special provision for his election, takes him out
of the operation of tho first section of tho first articlo
only as to the mode"—
And I emphasize exactly what the court
emphasizes—
" of his oleotion. We aro clearly of the opinion that
tho limitation of the term of offico in the articlo
above quoted applies to the term of the first Gov-
ernor; and that us ho was elected on tho first Tues-
day ot Deeomber. 185!), he is entitled to hold only
until the second Monday of January, 18G3, and until
his successor is duly elocted and qualified."
Under the very terms of the constitution,
therefore, the sn prerne court of Kansas decided,
not as my friend has argued, and as his friends
in Kansas argued in favor of the Governor,
that the preceding action of the State before
she^ was admitted was provisional, but they
decided that it was not, in express terms. Then
they went on to decide, in perfect harmony
with the express provisions of the constitution,
that the next election of Governor by its ex-
press provisions was when the whole body of
the Legislature should be next elected; that
tho constitution provided that that body of the
next Legislature should be elected at a time
■which the first Legislature should fix, a time
within certain terms that were provided ; that
the Legislature had fixed the time, and there-
fore the constitution was fulfilled in all its parts.
I am very much obliged to my friend from
Kansas for that case.
Mr. POMLIiOY. It was not the argument
of counsel that made the decision in thiseas^
Mr. EDMUNDS. I read the decision and
the argument both.
Mr. POMEROY. Theargument of counsel
was not accepted as the decision of the court;
but thecourtdecided emphatically thatalthough
the Governor was elected in 1859 he might hold
his office until January, 3868, and yet he was
limited in the constitution precisely to two
years; and that portion of his two years which
transpired before the admission was counted
out entirely. I will read the decision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do ; particularly that
part of it which relates to the counting out.
Mr. POMEROY. The court say this:
"A statute willnotbe declared unconstitutional"—
Referring to the statute of 1861, which ex-
tended, as was held, the term of the Governor
a year beyond the limit of the constitution—
"A statute will not be declared unconstitutional
unless ics infringement of the superior law is clear,
beyond substantial doubt. The provision of the act
approved May 22,1861, for tho eleetion of Governor
in 1862, held valid, and the election of Governor in
1801 determined to be illegal."
It was on that clause, that position, that this
decision hung, and it has always been accepted
by the judiciary of our State that that was an
extension of the time of the Governor by the
Legislature because his first election was not
prescribed by the constitution itself: he was
elected while Kansas was yet a Territory.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
propose to enter into the discussion of this
question in extenso, but I simply wish to put
upon record my protest against the construc-
tion that has been put upon the Stato consti-
tution of Georgia, particularly by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howahd.] I do not know
how this question may be decided, and I do
not know exactly how I shall vote upon all the
different amendments; but I wish to be under-
stood as not in any way acquiescing in the con-
struction of the State constitution of Georgia
by which the members of the present Legisla-
ture or any Legislature of that State can per-
petuate themselves in office.
In the first place, such a construction is re-
pugnant to the spirit of our institutions and is
contrary to the spirit of a republican form of
government; and therefore it would require
express language, it seems to me, in the con-
stitution to sustain any such construction.
This power, which has never been claimed
anywhere before in the United States, ought
not to stand upon a mere inference or a doubt-
ful construction. Now, taking up the consti-
tution of Georgia and looking through it we
find provisions made for elections as in other
constitutions; and the fair inference from all
its provisions put together is that the people
may from time to time, at stated intervals,
elect persons to fill the offices of the State.
To be more specific, I will refer to section
eleven of article two of this constitution. I
suppose the precise question before the Sen - ^
ate is not as to how long the Governor of the
Statemay or may not hold his office, but the
question now is as to whether or not the mem-
bers of the preseut Legislature hold from the
time when they were elected, or whether tliev
holdfrora the time when the State is admitted
to representation, or some other time tliataiav
be prescribed by Congress. Section eleven pro-
vides that—
"JThi> G'ectlon of Governor, members of Congress,
and ot the General Assembly, after the vc.ir lSu3
shall commence on the Tuesday after the iirst Hon-
clay in ^November, unless otherwise provided by law."
It will be seen that the election of Governor
and of members of the General Assembly of
that State is associated with the election of
members of Congress. So that the'fair con-
struction of that section is that the election
for members of the Legislature is to occur
when the members of Congress are elected;
all are.to be elected at the same election. The
Governor is to be elected when members of
Congress are flocked; the members of tlie
General Assembly are to bo clcctcd when mem-
bers ol Congress are elected.
Mr. POMi'jUOY. 33at tho Governor is
elected for four years.
