1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
tary of the Interior, relative to the location
of certain scrip issued to the Chippewas of
Lake Superior, St. Cloud, and Taylor's Falls,
Minnesota.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
MISSOURI STATE MILITIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, transmitting the
report of the Adjutant General of the Army
upon the Missouri State militia and auxiliary
forces employed in the service of the United
States during the late rebellion.
The _ communication was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
PAT OF INDIAN INTERPRETERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a copy of a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, reporting deficiency of $9,525 64
in the appropriation for the pay of interpreters
for the current fiscal year.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
CLAIMS OF POTTAWATOMIES. !
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, |
laid before the House a communication from !
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, as
required and provided by the tenth article of
the treaty of August 7, 1868, with the Potto-
watomie Indians, the report of the commis-
sioner appointed to examiue the claims of said
Indians.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
MILITIA OP MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to the request of the
Committee on Military Affairs, transmitting a
copy of the report of the Adjutant General of
the Army, dated February 7, 1868, upon the
Montana territorial militia and the military •
force raised by the Governor of Montana with- 1
out authority of the United States.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
HARBOR Of MICHIGAN CITY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War in reply to a resolution
of the House of January 17, directing him to
furnish any documents or reports in his posses-
sion, not included in his annual report, which
relate to improvements in the harbor of Mich-
igan City, Indiana ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting to the House,
for the information of the Committee on Mili-
taiy Affairs, a report of the Adjutant General
of the Army upon the one hundred and eighty-
aixth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN KNOX COUNTY, INDIANA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
report of the Commissioner of the General
liana Office, in relation to the quantity of public
anas in Knox county, Indiana; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed. J
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House, dated January 27, 1870,
directing him to send to the House the report
of General G. K. Warren relative to the pres-
ervation and improvement of the Mississippi
river at and near the Falls of St. Anthony.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
SEAL-FISHERIES IN ALASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a res-
olution of the House, dated February 3,1870,
directing him to transmit, for the information
of this House, the report of C. W. Raymond
upon the seal-fisheries and other matters in
Alaska, filed February 1, 1870.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
INTEROCEANIC COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
[ the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a reso-
i lution of the House, dated January 28, 1870,
requesting him to furnish to this House any
report made by Rear Admiral C. H. Davis
on the subject of interoceanic communication
across the American isthmus not heretofore
communicated to Congress.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
RAW MATERIAL IN DOCK-YARDS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House, dated January 31,1870, instruct-
ing him to report to this House the amount of
raw material, such as copper, tin, and pig-lead, ;
now on hand in the various dock-yards and '
arsenals in the United States belonging thereto;
and also whether or not the public interest will
be subserved by selling the whole or a part of
this material.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
BUILDINGS FOR WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House, dated February 2,1870, directing
him to furnish to the House any report made
to the War Department by a commission ap-
pointed under the seventh section of the act of
Congress approved July 28,1866, in reference
to the erection of suitable buildings for the
War Department in Washington.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
LAND GRANT TO WISCONSIN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Governor of -Wisconsin, transmitting a
memorial of the Legislature of said State to
Congress, pray ing them to regrant the land here-
tofore granted to aid in the construction of
railroads from Lake St. Croix to Superior and
Bayfield.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
IIAUBOR OF CHICAGO.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before making a motion
to reconsider, I wish to call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that a bill was introduced this
morning asking an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor of Chicago. Accord-
ing to the Journal that bill was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations) while it should
have been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The SPEAKER. That reference was made
in pursuance of a motion to that effect by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] who intro-
duced the bill.
Mr. JUDD. I desired to have the bill
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I desire to take the
sense of the House on that question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Churchill] yield for that pur-
pose?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I decline to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I desire to have
entered on the Journal a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House referred that bill
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be
entered on the Journal.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order. It can be made when the House
shall consider the motion to reconsider.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now desire to call
up the contested-election case of Covode vs.
Foster.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has there been
any morning hour?
The SPEAKER. There has not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think there
should be a morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] has called up a ques-
tion of privilege.
ELECTION CONTEST FOSTER VS. COVODE.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the contested-election case of Foster vs.
Covode, from the twenty-first congressional
district of Pennsylvania.
The question was upon the adoption of the
following:
Iietolved, That Henry D. Foster is not entitled to
a seat in this House as Representative from the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Retolved, That John Covode was duly elected Rep-
resentative in Congress from the twenty-first con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania at the election
held therein on the 13th day_ of October, 1868, and
that he is entitled to a seat in this House as such
Representative.
Mr. STILES. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Churchill] who
reported these resolutions that General Fos-
ter, one of the parties to this contest, is not
now present. He desires to be heard upon it;
and I therefore ask the gentleman to permit
this case to lie over until he can arrive here.
He is on his way here now, and probably has
been delayed by the storm.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I cannot yield now.
Mr. STILES. Will not the gentleman con-
sent to the case being postponed until General
Foster arrives?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I must decline.
Mr. STILES. I merely wish the House to
understand that this case is taken up in the
absence of General Foster.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles] that
I have called up this case with the full under-
standing of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] my colleague on the Commit-
tee of Elections, and who has charge of this
matter on behalf of the minority.
Mr. RANDALL. That leads me to say a
word.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. STILES. As this is a very important
case, not only to the people of the twenty-first
district of Pennsylvania, but also to the entire
State, I ask that order be preserved during the
remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. CburchilIa]
