1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4891
have not before me the estimates made by the
Department; but I think I am accurate when
1 say that the revenues collected amounted to
something like twenty millions more than the
estimates.
I know it may be said that during the year
1889 that increase was produced mainly by
the more careful and thorough collection of
the revenues under the present head of the In-
ternal Revenue Bureau, rather than from an
increase of business in the country. To a very
great extent that is undoubtedly true. But if
Senators will look at the figures they will find
that in the first six months of the past year the
internal revenue increased over the correspond-
ing six months of the previous year in round
numbers by ยง10,000,000, or, in exact num-
bers, $10,500,000; and if they will carry their
eye along over the tables, they will find
that in the second half of the year the internal
taxes increased by $10,000,000 over the cor-
responding term in 1868, thus showing that
while a large amount of the collection of the
revenue might and was undoubtedly owing to
a more thorough system of collection, yet it
continued to increase more in the second six
mouths than it did in the first, and we may
fairly presume that, it will so continue for the
current year.
Now, the Committee on Finance have told
us that we want so much revenue for the pur-
pose of paying the expenses of the Govern-
ment and paying one per cent, on the national
debt, which in round numbers is ยง24,000,000.
They have in their estimate made no allowance
for the natural increase of the business of the
year. If we leave sugars off there will he a
deficiency in their estimates of only $11,000,000.
I hold that we may fairly presume that from
the increased revenues for the current year
much more than that $11,000,000 will be sup-
plied. It is therefore safe and just to let this
hill stand as it is, without withdrawing this sec-
tion that makes a reduction upon sugar.
Again, outside of that, which will bo the
natural result arising from increased business
and increased population and increased vigil-
ance in the collection of your revenues, you
may estimate a very large sum in the collec-
tion of the revenue when that revenue is drawn
only from three, four, or five articles instead
of from a very large and long schedule, as it
now is. Why, sir, if this law shall pass, in the
State which 1 represent, where we now have
five collection districts, one in each congres-
sional district, we shall be reduced to two, if
not one single collection district, thus dimin-
ishing the expenses as five to two, if not five
to one; and what will be true of that Slate will
be true of every other State. The corps of
officers necessary for the collection of the reve-
nues, when they are raised only from spirits,
tobacco, beer, and one or two other articles,
will be diminished, I doubt not, at least in the
proportion I have named, if not in a greater
proportion.
Taking, then, the increase of revenue which
will naturally arise under the law for the cur-
rent year and the diminution of expenses, I
hold that it is amply safe to leave the reduced
rate on sugar as it stands in the bill as reported.
I have no sort of doubt about it myself, and il
seems to me there cannot be the slightest doubt
about it. For these reasons I hope it may
remain.
The Senator from Ohio lias said that the
committee had a great deal of difficulty in pre-
paring a schedule upon which to place the rate
of duties on sugars, and that very few were sat-
isfied with it. My information is entirely dif-
ferent from that. I have been in connection,
certainly, with some gentlemen who understand
this subject amply, who assure me that it is the
best graduated scale that has ever been pro-
duced in a tariff bill; but if this section shall
remain it will be gross injustice to the com-
mercial interests of the country if you compel
them to carry it into effect on the lbt day of
October.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have changed that
to the last of December.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I have not a word to
say in relation to that point. But taking this
view of the matter, I can see no difficulty in the
way; but if there were, if the suggestions I have
made did not commend themselves to my judg-
ment, there is one other reason which would
"introl me if all that I have stated were falla-
cious, while on the other hand I believe every
word I have uttered is substantially true, and
will prove so on trial afld investigation. The
other point is that you have in your Treasury
about $100,000,000 in coin, and I would rather
by far leave the duties at reduced rates upon
sugars and draw $21,000,000 of coin from your
Treasury to pay the one per cent, by which you
propose to reduce your debt. There is a sur-
plus where you have an absolute fund, and upon
which you can rely to liquidate your national
debt to the extent of $24,000,000.
Taking all these views together, then, I say
it will be unwise, in my judgment, to place
sugars upon the existing law and not to make
the reduction that the committoc propose.
These are the reasons which will control my
vote, and I shall be happy indeed if they will
control the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like very much
to repeal the sugar tax; but the actual diffi-
culty is that our excess of revenue will not
justify it. I think if the Senator from Maine,
will now listen to the figures I give him he
will be satisfied that it will be a very impru-
dent and very unwise tiring to extend our repeal
of taxes beyond the amount proposed by the
committee.
The entire revenue for the current fiscal
year ending June 30, including an estimate for
eight days beyond the date to which I have the
exact figures, is $408,000,000. It is not prob-
able that the revenue next year will come up
to that, because in the $408,000,000 there are
something like twenty million dollars of pre-
mium on gold, for during the current year the
premium on gold ranged at one time as high
as thirty or forty per cent. We shall lose the
benefit of that by the gradual approach to
specie payment; the gold now sold yields com-
paratively little premium. This reduces what
we called the miscellaneous items. Supposing
that our receipts for next year will be as much
as for ihe current year, with this modification
of the premium on gold, the entire reeeiptsfor
the next year will be $398,000,000.
The honorable Senator from Maine says that
our receipts next year will be more than they
have been by the gradual operation of our
laws. That may be so to a certain extent.
Probably wo may count upon an increase in
receipts of some three or four or five percent. ;
but our increased expenditures always keep
pace with our increased receipts. The grad-
ual growth of this country, the demands that
are made upon the Treasury, the new appro-
priations, the new objects of expenditure
always exceed the increase of income. The
increase during the last year was rather pecu-
liar and abnormal. The new Administration
coming into power made great changes in the
personnel of the revenue service ; but those
changes have now been more than a year in
operation, and there is no reasonable probabil-
ity that any of the taxes heretofore levied will
largely increase in their yield now, because we
have had, I think, one year of honest adminis-
tration of the internal revenue and of the cus-
toms service, so that the highest amount we
can expect to receive from all sources next
year will bo $398,000,000. This is the official
statement, and il is the actual fact, based upon
the returns up to this moment, I may say, for
I have the returns to the 22ddayof this month,
aud I have an estimate for the eight remaining
days of the fiscal year.
TheexpendituresoftheGovernmentprovided
for by the appropriation bills now pending in
this body, exclusive of the multitude of doubt-
ful appropriations that may bo thrust upon
them before they get through, are $298,000,000,
including the interest on the public debt. If
we can keep the expenditures of the next year
within $298,000,000 it is as much as wo can
really expect. But in addition to that we know
that we are in danger every day of embarking
in new enterprises which will consume millions
of dollars. The sinking fund required by the
existing law is $21,000,000, being one per cent,
on .the amount of the public debt, and wo can
no more refuse to pay that than we can the
interest on the public debt. That added to the
$298,000,000 makes $322,000,000. The Sen-
ate must remember that the expenditures of the
Government, over and above the war expend-
itures, are now no greater than they were in
Mr. Buchanan's administration, considering
the changed value of property. For instance,
in this $297,000,000 there is $128,000,000
of interest on the public debt, $30,000,000 of
pensions, $5,000,000 of bounties, $5,000,000
of claims, and various amounts swelling the
aggregate, so that if you count only the ordin-
ary expenses of the Government you will find
that they are very little more than they were
in the last year of Mr. Buchanan's administra-
tion. If you add the thirty-three per cent, for
the increase of population in the last ten years,
ai.>d add fifteen per cent, for the difference
between paper money and gold, the expend-
itures of this year, other than war expend-
itures, are no greater than they were in Mr.
Buchanan's administration.
If you take this $298,000,000 and eliminate
it, taking out of it all those expenses that grow
out of the war, and then deduct from it one
third for our increased population, and then
take off the percentage between paper and gold,
and you have our expenses now reduced prac-
tically to what they were before the war. You
cannot reduce them any lower; indeed, the
great effort now is to increase them. If we
can keep the expenditures within this amount
it is all we can reasonably expect. This re-
quires an appiopriation of $322,000,000. We
cannot provide for less than that. If Senators
would economize in expenditures or reduce
expenditures, then we might reduce the duty
on sugar, but wc know that is impracticable ;
we know that every effort to economize has
met thus far with defeat in the Senate, without
a single exception ; even the bill for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, which my honor-
able friend from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] tried
so hard to get through, did not pass.
Now, sir, ifyou deduct the $322,000,000 from
the $398,000,000, you have $76,000,000 which
you can throw off. We have already repealed
taxes to the amount of $09,515,000 up to this
moment, taking the action of the Senate as it
stands. We have repealed the entire income
tax, $38,000,000; we have repealed the special
taxes, taxes on sales, taxes on gross receipts,
legacies, successions, articles in schedule A,
and a small portion of the stamps. The Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Mop.tox] says we have
put back the tax on gross receipts. Yes, we
shall have to do it; but taking it as it stands,
we have already repealed internal taxes to the
amount of $09,515,000. If we keep the sugar
tax as it is in the tariff sections of the bill, we
repeal in addition $25,297,000, or $95,000,000
of taxation, when we cannot show more than
a surplus of $70,000,000. Although I should
like very mueti to repeal a great many taxes,
yet we are bound by the limits of a reasonable
surplus, and it is a great deal safer for us to
err on the side of a surplus revenue: because
a surplus revenue gives us great power in the
funding of the public debt, and we cannot have
the benefit of any funding system for a year or
two, or perhaps three. If we should pass any
funding law now, it would be after a year or
two that it would commence to reduce the
burden of our interest. But I am not going
into that.
In regard to the gold on hand which troubles
the honorable Senator from Maine and the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, I can say that we
