1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3003
man from lUinoU, [Mr. Loqak,] I am bound
to presume, wants information, and God help
him. for I do not know anybody that needs it
more. [Laughter.] But the difficulty is tliat
the gentleman appeals from time to time to the
Committee of Ways and Means lor informa-
tion, which, it is to be presumed, having tried
to understand these subjects, may know a little
about them, and yet when he gets the inform-
ation he does uot seem to profit by it. The
gentlemau seems to be mystified because the
Committee of Ways and Means, not having
succeeded in maintaining the paragraph in the
bill as they reported it, have then voted, or at
least som  of its members have voted, for a
different classification. Sir, I do not believe
that the gentleman is at all so dull as not to
be able to comprehend the proposition now
before us.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot comprehend the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have burden enough to
bear without finding comprehension for the
gentleman. The difficulty is that ordinarily
and continually up to this time there has been
a distinction made by reference to the sizes of
iron, which did not correspond with the dis-
tinctions as regards quality. The Committee
of Ways and Means proposed such amend-
ments in their revision of the tariff bill with
regard to these items as they have presented
to the House. The Committee of the Whole
thought proper, as they certainly have the right
to do, not to follow this classification, and by
the changes which they have made have reduced
ail the high-priced iron to the rate of 1 cent
Eer pound. Finding that the classification
eretofore adhered to does not prevail with the
Committee of the Whole, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania then says that this will operate
with peculiar hardship at least upon one class
of iron, namely, charcoal iron, and he proposes
a different sort of classification.
After the Committee of the Whole have de-
cided as they have done, and thus absolved the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
and others upon this floor who think as I do
upon this subject, after they have brought this
duty down below even what those who started
it intended originally, and I speak advisedly
about it, that classification having failed, it may
be well enough to turn to see whether some
other classification proposed may not answer
the purpose of making a distinction in favor
of the finer and better classes of iron. That
is the whole of it. It is a matter so simple
that I should think any one wanting to com-
prehend it could comprehend it.
Before I close permit me to make this one
further remark. I do not intend to be moved
at all by these continual flings at the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Whether some of
us are called "iron dukes"—I believe that is
the term—and whether some of us are treated
either ironically or seriously as being defective
in any other respect^ does not move me in the
least. The Committee of Ways and Means
are as good and honest and true to the people
of this country and to their duty upon this
floor, I apprehend, as any other gentlemen
composing any other committee.
Mr. LOGAN. No one doubts that; but
they are no better.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no ; we do not affect
superiority. We do think that some things,
that take a long time to study and understand,
we do understand better than gentlemen who
gather facts around them as they go along, or,
lacking facts, coin them and then predicate
arguments upon them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to call the attention of the committee to the
statement made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] that the little reduc-
tion that we have made on iron will have the
effect to reduce the wages of labor. Now,
I want to call his attention for one moment
to tbe importations of bar iron, because that
is the subject under consideration. We havo
to-day two classes of bar iron, and there are
two classes of bar iron in this bill. Of rolled
or hammered iron bearing a duty of 1 cent per
pound there was imported nearly $3,000,000
worth last year, and of that bearing a duty
of li cents per pound there was imported
$345,000 worth. Then wo have still auother
classification of bar iron, round and square
and hammered iron, which is 35 per cent.
ad valorem. Only $1,815 worth of that was
imported last year; so that the total import-
ations of iron under the existing law were
last year only a little over $3,000,000 in value.
Now, we have only reduced upou one classifi-
cation half a cent per pound, and that is the
class of which only $345,000 worth was im-
ported last year. Will it be claimed by any
fentleman upon this floor that a reduction ot
alf a cent per pound on an importation of
the value of $345,000 will materially interfere
with the production of iron in this country ?
Mr. KELLEY. A large quantity has been
reduced from $22 40 to $20 a ton.
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly ; a reduction
of $2 40 per ton. Will any gentleman claim
that the mechanics engaged in manufacturing
iron in this country are going to have their
wages reduced because we have reduced the
j duty $2 40 a ton, when we have reduced the
| duty on pig iron, the raw material on which
j those mechanics work, from to $0 to $5 per
| ton?
Mr. KELLEY. Is pig iron & natural pro-
duct, or does it involve labor and wages?
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman knows per-
fectly well what pig iron is. A word now in
reference to the proposition of the other gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Armstrong]
in reference to charcoal iron. It is claimed as
a reason why the duty on charcoal iron should
be reduced that we are now importing it largely
from Russia in the shape of old rails. I have
not examined carefully the statistics on this
subject, but I will venture the assertion here
that four fifths of all the old rails that come
into this country come from England, and are
English rails and not Russian rails.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman
explain the importation at 35 per cent, ad
valorem 7
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly, with pleasure;
because all the bar iron that comes in comes
in under the two classifications which we have
already fixed in the present law, and which we
propose to change in the bill before the com-
mittee. That is all there is in that question.
■ 1 do not believe gentlemen can be serious when
; they propose to make a new classification of
}ron, of which charcoal iron shall pay one half
! of one cent per pound more than other classes,
for I do not believe there are many instances
where you can distinguish charcoal iron from
iron made with coke or with anthracite coal;
! and therefore the effect of the amendment of
; the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Arm-
; strong] will be to make confusion worse con-
! founded and to inaugurate a system of frauds
1 in the custom-houses which are now unknown.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw tfre amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the amendment
to the amendment simply for the purpose of
saying to thegentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alli-
son,] my colleague on the Committee of Ways
and Means, that by a proviso in the present
law it is " provided that none of the above
item#"—that is, bar iron—"shall pay a less
rate of duty than 35 per cent, ad valorem."
The most of the 35 per cent, bar iron intro-
duced was so valuable that a duty of 1} cents
per pound does not amount to 35 per cent.
ad valorem. That is a point which 1 beg this
committee to understand in connection with
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Armstrong, ] that the duty of 1J
cents per pound be retained on the charcoal
iron, which every one kuows is the most valli-
able.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that all debate on the pendiug paragraph bo
considered as now closed.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope not: I want to say
a word.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, in one minute.
Mr. CULLOM. Give me five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will say five min-
utes.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. CULLOM. I believe I have not said
anything upon this iron question since we have
been considering this bill. I do uot now pm
pose to confine the few remarks I intend u>
make to the particular amendment oilerc d by
the gentleman lrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Arm-
strong,] but I shall speak upon the question
of slab iron and pig aud railroad iron and iron
in bars and some other articles mentioned iu
this bill.
1 desire simply to call the attention of this
Committee of the Whole to the history of the
tariff laws upon this question of iron and these
other items which I shall refer to. I find, by
reference to the tariff laws, that in 1861 the duty
upon this slab iron, or bar iron, was $15 per
ton. Iu 1862 Congress increased the duty to
$2 more. In 1864 it was changed from $17
per ton to 1 cent per pouud, or $22 40 per ton.
When that increase was made in 1864 it was
upon the express allegation, as I could show
by a reference to the debates in Congress during
that time in reference to nearly all those items:
it was made upon the ground, I say, that at
that time we Were placing a direct internal tax
upon the different articles of ironasupon every-
thing else, and an increased duty was necessary
on that account. I find, by reference to the
internal tax law, that there was an internal tux
of $3 per ton placed upon these same classes
of iron that we are discussing here to-day, and
the tariff was then raised to 1 cent per pound
because of this internal tax which was placed
upon these classes of iron.
Now, the proposition is after that internal
tax is taken off Dy the repeal of the law, which
was placed upon iron to meet the then necessi-
ties of the Government, and after the Congress
of the United States at that time were satisfied
with a protective duty of 1 cent per pound, the
proposition put forward by gentlemen upon
this floor to-day is that they are not satisfied
with a protective duty of 1 cent per pound,
with no internal tax to pay of $3 per ton; but
they want to increase the duty by the bill now
before this committee to a higher rate than 1
cent per pound. Now, sir, as a tariff man 1
protest against the disposition on the part of
members of this House to insist upon an in-
crease of duty upon all those articles, when we
have repealed the internal tax laws, so far as
they relate to iron, and the necessities which
existed at that time for an increase of tariff
duties have now passed away. That is what I
wanted to gay on this question; and I desire
to state that it applies to nearly all the arti-
cles that are attempted to be protected by this
bill.
Mr.-SCHENCK. Does the gentleman mean
to say that because the internal taxes on man-
ufactures have been taken off we should now
bring back the duties to what they were before
the war?
Mr. CULLOM. I am not going back be-
yond 1861. In that year a law was passed
increasing the duties. Again in 1862 the duties
were increased, and again in 1864. Nobody
pretended that the manufacturing interests
were not prospering in 1864 when the existing
tariff law was passed. The only claim for
additional protection at that time was based
on the ground that internal taxation to a con-
siderable amount had been imposed on the
articles manufactured. I have been struck
