2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
them-, when I see them so varying in their posi-
tions-according to varying circumstances ; and
I have almost lost faith in my own logic.
Mr.- CONKL1NG. As I see the remark oi
the Senator excites not only a smile with him,
but with my honorable friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Morion,] I • venture to seek a little in-
formation. - Would the Senator, if he could,
make-the Senate understand that the condition
which he denominates the Bingham amend-
ment gives rise to the same questions of lav/ as
the other provisions which have been called
fundamental conditions ? I inquire of the hon-
orable Senator whether he would like to create
that impression with the Senate or with the
public, if he had the power to do so ?
Mr. STEWART. I will answer that ques-
tion. There- are several Senators hero who
must be regarded as men of some capacity,
some four or five Senators who have argued
that under the constitution of Georgia there
-was ample power on the part of the Legisla-
ture to. continue itself in existence until 1872.
That has. been argued here seriously by sev-
eral Senators, and I believe the Senate is
divided on that proposition. If the Senators
to whom I allude be correct in their views, will
the Senator from New York say that this is
not fixing a construction of the constitution
contrary to the letter of the constitution itself?
According to the way they understand it, it
limits the constitution and is precisely anal
ogous to taking 
Mr. COJSIKLING. The Senator has gone
far enough, if ho will allow nie to make a
remark. ^ Evidently now he wishes to excite
the admiration of the Senate for the ingenuity
with which he can avoid answering a question
which be does not wish to answer, i beg_ to
say to him, without going any further he has
my complete and absolute admiration in that
respect. I do not think any Senator could
more successfully have evaded the question,
or could have excused himself in a more
parliamentary way from answering^ it than
my honorable friend has succeeded in doing.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. And I do not think there is
any Senator who could have appreciated the
way in which it was done more fully than the
Senator from New York, or express himself
more elegantly on the subject. [Laughter.]
But, seriously, there is a chance for debate
upon this question. That has been proved by
the fact that a week's debate hasbeen had upon
it, and the Senate is divided as to whether or
not, this proviso takes from the Legislature
powers which it has under the constitution ot
Georgia. There is a tair question for argu-
ment there; and yet Congress is undertaking
to legislate upon that subject, to prohibit the
Legislature from doing what, by fair construc-
tion, many Senators think the Legislature may
do. The Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cau-
pEVrEn,] a member of the .Judiciary Commit-
tee, thinks with mo that the Legislature may
change the time of holding the election so as
to prolong its term. That, at all events, is a
debatable question ; and yet this act gives the
benefit of the doubt to those who prevented
the Legislature from organizing for the last
two years. 1 propose to givo the benefit of
the doubt which has been raised by this dis-
cussion to those who are in favor of law and
order, to those who are in favor of recon-
struction; and I do not think it would be
assuming any extraordinary power, under this
elevcnth'section oi the eleventh article, which
anticipates 011 this very question of holding
i.fHce," conditions and limitations. It has refer-
ence to the very question of the continuance
m otiicc of the officers to be elected at the fiist
dec; ion, and says:
" Should t'ii3 constitution ha ratified by tlio peo- 1
T/Ie and Oougrcsa aeccpt the same with any qualiii-
,-a-jiiiii or coiiditioi-J, the government herein pro-
vided l'i and tne oiiccr? e.cated shall i;evcrtliele?3
exial null continue in the excru-e ot their several
functions ss the government olefins State so far' us
iho same may be consistent wrn the action 01 the
United States in !lio \ vc-ivJ' e\"'
Then, if we should provide that they should
continue until 1872, would not their holding
office till then be " consistent with the action
of the United States in the premises ?'' If the
Congress of the United States should enact
that they might hold on till 1872 would not
their continuance be " consistent with the
action of the United States," and does not this
constitution say that they may hold as long as
it is consistent with the action of the United
to have. Congress must of course be governed
by what is reasonable and just. The rebels
have prevented them from organizing for two
years. If the United States says they shall
have those two years, why is not that allowed
by the constitution of Georgia, which says that
they shall have such a term as is consistent
with the action of the United States in the
premises ?
Mr. HOWE. If the State of Georgia wants
them in office for two years more the people -
of Georgia can elcct them next fall, can they
not? ,
Mr. STEWART. That is a very sharp
question* I do not think the Senator from
Wisconsin was serious m that question. I do
not believe I10 thinks the State of Georgia,
meaning by that the body of the people ot the
State of Georgia, can have any fair election
next, fall. 1 do not think he believes the State
of Georgia can by that time have any fair
election, except under the military, as they
had the former election.
Mr. HOWE. "Why can they not have a fair
election next fall?
Mr. STEWART. Because they cannot put
the machinery in operation ; there is not time
enough; because they have not had, without
the military, any fair election since the fail of
the rebellion, and it is very difficult to have it
without that aid.
Mr. HOWE. What evidence has the Senator
that they can have a fairer election two years
hence than they can next fall ?
Mr. STEWABT. I have the hope that the
organization of tho militia, that the establish-
ment of free schools, that the administration
of justice through loyal officers, who can bring
offenders to trial and to punishment, ior the
space of two years, will have a tendency to
establish law and ordcr._ The reason why they
cannot have a fair election now, as shown by
General Terry's report, is that there is no pro-
tection to life or property, and that the officers
charged with the administration of the laws
dare not attempt to execute them as against
the Kuklux Klan and tho rebels who have con-
trol. There may he a fair election if it be put
off until such a state of things does exist that
tho loyal people may be protected by the strong
arm of a State government established and in
force.
Mr. HOWE. What is going to make the
arm of tho State government any stronger two
years from next fall than it will be next fall !
Mr. STEWART. What will make it stronger
two years from next fall than next fall 1
Mr. HOWE. Yes; what will mako it
stronger ?
Mr. STEWART. A complete organiza-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. Organization of wnat?
Mr. STEWART. The passage of laws and
their enforcement, the organization of a State
government which they have been unable to
have. Let them put it in operation a couple of
years ; let them have a loyal State government
for two years, and law officers that will do their
duty ; and if that cannot improve Georgia, what
can? Is she hopeless entirely? I propose
to try the experiment. She is in a very bad
condition now; unfit for a popular election,
and will be unfit next fall. An election next
fall must necessarily, according to the evidence ,
I have in regard to the state of Georgia, be a j
farce. !
Mr. HOWE. I am not insisting that the 1
State of Georgia can have a fair election next
fall. I am not insisting that she has got a
capable and efficient State government. What
I stagger upon is the idea that this government
which you propose to set up by this bill you
say will not be in working order next fall, and:
I want you to explain to me how it is going to
be any more, efficient two years hence. . ■ .
Mr. STEWART. That will do. I am very
glad that the Senator from Wisconsin has
called my attention to the real merits of the
Question. They had there an election, it will
tie recollected, in 1868 under the military.
That was in some parts of the State a very fair
election.- In some parts even the military
were unable to protect the citizens in voting;
but on the whole they did tolerably well, lhc
military power was subsequently withdrawn,
and the Legislature alluded to organized; but
before the State was represented in Congress
a conspiracy was formed there ; and I do not
think I exaggerate at all in using that term, be-
cause we have the reports and evidence showing
the fact, a conspiracy to overthrow the authority
of the United States. The conspirators suc-
ceeded ; they got control of the Legislature; they
prevented the organization of any of the machin-
ery of government necessary 10 protect life and
property. Congress refused to admit them;
they went along under this government without
military control for the space of a year and a
half. 'Last fall General Terry was called upon
to report as to the condition of things. He
was not exercising the duties of district com-
mander, but he was there as any other military
officer is in a State, without exercising any
other function. He reports that the magis-
trates are not executing the laws, dare not
execute the laws; that public sentiment is
against the execution of the laws. There are
plenty of good people there v/ho would like
to see the laws executed, but those who are op-
posed to the United States, those who are still
disloyal are so violent that they over-awe the
magistrates, and murders and all sorts of crimes
011 loyal men go entirely unpunished ; that the
effective public sentiment, the powerful public
sentiment, the controlling public sentiment is
in favor of persecuting negroes and whites who
are loyal. There have been no laws passed
under this government to carry this constitu-
tion into effect. It provides for a system of
schools; it provides for a great variety of
things which are necessary in a State govern-
ment. These have not been carried into effect
for the reason that the public sentiment which
was rebellious against the United States has
had control.
Since we passed the act of December 22,
1800, tho President of the United States has
treated the government again as provisional
and has authorized General Terry to take
charge. That is tho only thing that keeps
comparative quiet there to-day. The state ot
things was such that it became absolutely
necessary to treat them in that way.
Now you propose to admit the State and to
allow the Legislature only about six months in
which to legislate. A large minority_ of tho
body is disloyal, with a perfect certainty on
their part that if they can continue their hos-
tility for a few months, if they can prevent the
State government from going into complete
operation for that length of time, they will then
take control of it and organize it themselves.
They will only have to keep this Kuklux Klau
organization operating for a short time, ana
they v.'ill have perfect control, tho military
being withdrawn. The Republican majority is
not large. The time is very short, and it seems
to me that with a nowerful organization Ihet'O
tha
" ~ " -"-CJ - ■ — —     ■ --S  /
to me that with a powerful organizatio _
that has controlled things from the beginning,
that has prevented tho organization ot one
Legislature, and has only u lew months towa;-.
until it can take charge of the whole mat'er. ic
will bo very dangerous to pass the bill with 1.113
proviso in it. It will be just as_ bad to a.iow
this short time to the loyal Legislature 1-.5 10
allow no time, f do not think there wiu ,;o a
