1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
in large quantities were in the room where the
hat and cigar-box were placed, and were dis-
tributed there to persons on the inside. Per-
sons other than members of the election board
were passing in and out at pleasure, and were
permitted to approach at pleasure the place
where the hat and cigar-box were standing.
Great noise and confusion prevailed in the
room, and scuffling was allowed to go on within,
in the immediate vicinity of these open recep-
tacles. The condition and conduct of the mem-
ber of the board who had especial care and
charge of them during the greater part of this
time was such as to preclude the idea that any
proper guard was maintained. The evidence
shows him to have been not acting as an active
partisan at the election, but too excited by
liquor to be a proper custodian of the poll,
even if the proper ballot-boxes had been pres-
ent. I ask the attention of the House to some
of the evidence showing the conduct of this
election and of the officers in charge.
The evidence of Mr. Collins, who was one
of the clerks at this election, is as follows:
" Question. What did you observe in regard to the
conduct of any of the members of the board?
"Anstoer. I saw whisky circulating very freely
among the members of the board; a great deal of
noise and confusion in the room.
" Ovation. Did any member of the board have
wliisky there ?
"Answer. There was. Isaw whisky come out of the
pocket of one member of the board, and they also
raised a collection to send and get more; the mem-
bers of the board raised the collection to send and
get whisky.
"Question, State whether any member of the board
was drunk during the election.
"Answer. I could not say as to that.
" Question. Was any member of the board under
the influence of liquor during the election ?
"Answer. There was.
" Question. State what the conduct of that member
was, to induce you to believe he was under the influ-
ence of liquor.
"Answer. He was very disorderly and rough, hal-
looing out of the windows at different ones.
And again:
" Question. You say James McCullough was disor-
derly and rough, and hallooing out at the window.
State howhe was disorderly and rough, and what he
did.
"Answer. I can't tell what he said, but I know he
made a great deal of noise, and he was very abusive.
Can't tell who he abused or what he said.
" Question. Was he in the loom at thetimehe made
this noise and you heard him abusing somebody?
"Answer. He was in the house, in the same room I
was in. What I mean by abuse was that he was
enrsing and swearing at some persons outside. I
Gould not see who. He acted a good deal like a man
who was under the influence of liquor."
And again:
" Question. State what members of the board con-
tributed to the purchase of whisky, and who drank it.
\Anxwer. Mr.Beatty, Mr. McCullough, Mr. Pope,
and Mr. Hurst; and they all drank. I did not drink.
" Question, Do you think any of them drank enough
to render them incompetent to discharge their duties?
' Answer. If I had drank as much it would have dis-
qualified me, but I don't make a practice of drinking
much.
" Question. How much did each one drink, or how
many times?
"Answer. I don't recollect; they had two bottles,
and they sent for more.
£ «*' o«^State the whole amount brought there.
Answer. There were two bottles there, and one of
them was broke; then they sent for more ; whether
one or two bottles were brought I don't know; they
were pint flasks."
J. H. Bryan, who acted as the Bepublican
challenger at that election, testifies:
"Question, State the manner in whichthatelection
wm opened and held, fully and in detail.
' Answer. 1 was on the ground between seven and
eight o clock a. m.; as near as I can tell the election
opened at nine o'clock or thereabouts. I went into
the house for the purpose of challenging votes about
ten o'clock. They were then receiving votes at the
window and placing them in a hat and cigar-box.
Some of the tickets lay on the sill of the window.
They continued to deposit them in the same box and
hat until about eleven o'clock. Between ten and
twelve the boxes came. Inspector McCullough took
the tickets from the hat ana cigar-box and placed
them m the ballot-box. In regard to persons being
in the house, one of the clerks issued tickets from
ms pockets to persons in the house, who voted them.
iwLt^j"iCeiv tbem inside and voted inside. In
„r° p®r®onB applying to vote, I challenged the
Patrick Lynch*1 persons—°ne Michael Kelly and one
Trha,$ Sounds did you challenge the |
votes of Michael Kelly and Patrick Lynch ?
*' Answer. I thought their papers were not genuine.
" Question. Why did you think the papers were not
genuine ?
"(Objected to by counsel for Foster.)
"Answer. Beoause the stamp and seal wore very
imperfect, and I could make nothing out of them;
also, one of these papers purported to be dated the
6th of July, 1868.
" Question. State what elso there was in the conduct
: of the board. .
i "Answer. I requested to see the papers of various
other parties, which the board refused me time to see.
I asked the board to have the parties sworn, but
they refused, on the ground that the papers were
genuine. They exhibited their papers, but the board
did not examine them and did not have them in
their hands. In regard to whisky, there was whisky
used by the board—that is, a part of the board. A
bottle of whisky fell from the pocket of one of the
inspectors and broke on the floor.
"Question. What was the extentofthe indulgence
of the board in the 'national beverage'on that
1 occasion ?
" Answer. There was aboutthree pints in the house
at one time."
And again:
! "Question. Promthemannerinwhiohthatelection
; was held and the boxes guarded by the offioers
might not the ballots have been interfered with ?
! ' (Objected to.)
! "Answer. They could.
! "Question. State your reasons.
' ''Answer. The house being partly filled and the
boxes open, I or others could nave put in or taken
1 out ballots.
"Question. Before the boxes oame what was the
, condition of things?
"Answer. The hat and cigar-box were on the win-
dow-sill; some of the ballots were lying on the
window-sill after they had been received.
1 "Question. Did any one else challenge Lynch and
Kelly 1
| "Answer. Martin Pope challenged them.
! "Question. Were there any other receptacles of
tickets in the room except the hat and cigar-box ?
"Answer. There was another cigar-box full of Dem-
ocratic tickets in the room.
"Question. Were tickets issued from it?
"Answer. Yes, sir; but not by any of the board.
"Question. Did you see any of the election board
issue any tickets on that day, and who were they ?
"Answer. I did; Isaac Hurst issued tickets.
"Question. Give any act or circumstance of any
other member of the board on that day, to which
your attention was called.
"Answer. Inspector McCullough reached his hand
outside the window and received tickets: also hal- ,
looed to different parties outside from the inside.
He was hallooing for Foster."
And again:
"Question. State whether those bottles of whisky
were kept near the boxes or not during the day ?
"Answer. One bottle was on a board near the bal-
lot-boxes, covered with uncut tiokets.
"Question. Was there any souffle or disturbance to
get possession of a bottle of whisky in the room?
"Answer. There was a scuffle over a bottle of whisky
whilel was in the room. There were parties attempt-
ing to get possession of the bottle of whisky, and
they did get it. The boxes at that time were on a
board at the window, or under the window, and the
whisky was about three feet from the boxes.
"Question. In that scuffle were the partiesiscuffling
over the boxes ?
"Annoer. No, sir; not exactly over the boxes; the
boxes were about three feet off."
Thomas P. Walker (page 109) testifies :
" Question. Wereyou present at the eleotioninthat
township on the 13th October, 1868 ?
"Answer. I was there from seven a.m. to six p.m.,
then got supper and came back and remained to
eleven or twelve o'clock, or until the vote was counted
up; was absent about half an hour.
" Question. State in what manner ballots were re-
served; for how long, and in what receptacles they
were placed.
" Answer. From abouthalf past eight ornineo'clock
in the morning thepolls wereopened. Somedispute
arose in regard to the ballot-boxes, as they had not
oome. They concluded to open the eleotion and
take a hat and cigar-box to deposit the ballots in.
They continued this until twenty minutes after eleven
o'clock. I asked Rev. Stoner for the time as the
box went in the window and marked it down on an
envelope.
" Question. Were you in the house while the voting
was thus conducted in the hat and cigar-box?
"Answer. I was, several times; the hat and box were
both open.
" Question. State, if any, what facility there was for
access to the hat and cigar-box.
"Answer. They were sitting on a shelf and any
one oould come right up to them.
" Question. Were there or not persons other than
the election board around the fiat and box while
voting?
'1 Answer. There were. I was not a member of the
board and I was near them, and also others.
"Question. State how many persons voted before
eleven o'clock.
"Annoer. I do not know exactly; I suppose over
two hundred persons had voted.
" Question. State whether or not during that day
yon saw whisky in the room where the election was *
bcinjr held. If so, how much, and who had it? i<
" Answer. I saw whisky in the room, about half a
gallon; James McCullough, one of the inspectors
had some. '
" Question. Was there or not any person in the
house intoxicated; and if so, who?
"Answer. James McCullough, one of the inspect-
ors, acted in a boisterous and unnatural manner, and
I suppose was under the influence of liquor, from
what I had seen him drink."
At the close of the poll the Democratic clerk
was unable to remain through the count, and
the Democratic challenger, who is shown by
his own evidence to have been engaged in fur-
nishing fraudulent naturalization papers, was
allowed to act as clerk without being sworn,
contrary to the election laws of Pennsylvania.
These various irregularities—namely, the use
of a hat or cigar-box instead of the regular,
ballot-boxes; the changing of the ballots to
the ballot-boxes before the close of the poll;
the permitting of strangers in the room'with
the election board; the employment of an
unsworn clerk, and the intoxication of an
inspector—when occurring singly, and when
otherwise the election was regularly and fairly
conducted, have each been held not sufficient
to vitiate the return of an election; but occur-
ring together they show a want of that good
faith and regard for law the presumption of
which is the foundation of the authority which
is given to the returns of an election board,
and throws doubt upon the truth of their cer-
tificate. In this case the ballot-boxes at the
close of the polls were found to contain six
more ballots than were names of voters upon
the tally-lists of the clerks,which agreed, and
the careful search which the voluminous evi-
dence taken in this case shows to have been
made has failed to discover more than a single
person who voted at that poll, and whose name
was not upon the lists. How came those bal-
lots there ? In the absence of irregularities it
would be presumed that they came there hon-
estly, and that the clerks had failed to write
down the names of the persons by whom they
were cast.
But with the irregularities here shown, and
the opportunity of access to the boxes by other
than officers of the board in the early part of
the day proved to have existed, the presump-
tion will be in favor of the correctness of the
clerk's list, and that these ballots were surrep-
titiously introduced. From whose votes shall
they be subtracted? It is impossible to say,
and that impossibility is that very element of
uncertainty or doubt which is held by the
courts to vitiate returns affected by such irreg-
ularities.
But the testimony of several witnesses shows
that in addition to these irregularities, the chal-
lenges, by qualified electors, of persons offering
to vote were disregarded. J. H. Byers, Mar-
tin B. Pope, William J. Martin, Thomas P.
Walker, and others, all testify that they inter-
posed objections to the right of parties offering
to vote, and that such objections were entirely
disregarded by the board.
A company of thirty or forty persons, includ-
ing a number of persons who had been imported
from Pittsburg a few days before to vote at that
election, and improperly assessed by the as-
sessor of the township, were permitted to ap-
proach the polls in a body, to take possession of
the space in front in such a manner as to make
challenges very difficult, and though repeatedly
challenged by qualified electors of the township,
their votes were received and the challenges
disregarded. The evidence shows several of
this party who were thus allowed to vote not
to have been legal voters in that township, and
their rejection by the majority of the committee
in their report is acquiesced in by the minority.
Patrick Lynch offered to vote, and was chal-
lenged by J. H. Byers, on the groand of alien-
age and non-residence. The board took his
vote without examining his papers or allowing
the challenger to examine them, and without
his being sworn as to residence. The evidence
shows clearly that he was not a legal voter, and
in this conclusion the minority of the commit-
tee substantially acquiesce.
