3948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
President the interest which the Government
had in the subject matter of the bill, and the
other circumstances connected with it. The
President vetoed the bill, which has since been
lying on our table without any action of the
Senate; and now, that the Senate may distinctly
understand the real issue presented by this bill,
as well as the issue presented by the veto mes-
sage which has heretofore been read to the
Senate, I will state some facts concerning it.
The petitioner, as I said, brought his appli-
cation to the Commissioner of Patents for an
extension of his patent. He appeared with
counsel, and there were remonstrants who also
appeared against him. A trial was had before
the Commissioner of Patents, Judge Poote,
one of the best and most experienced Commis-
sioners we have ever had, and after a patient
hearing the application was rejected. The
petition of the petitioner states thus:
"That about, two weeks before the day of hearing
of your petitioner's application for extensions of
said patent the exhibits which related to it, and
which were necessary lor a full understanding of the
case, wero stolon from the commissioner's office in
New York where the testimony was taken; that your
petitioner's counsel was sick, and your petitioner
himself disabled by shattered health; liow.is unable
to replace theexhibits in dueseason and ratisfactorily
prepare his case lor hearing."
He therefore prays for a new trial in sub-
stance. Since the bringing of this petition
there have been, I think, eight applications
made to Congress asking Congress to exercise
this extraordinary power. Where the Commis-
sioner of Patents, the officer of the Govern-
ment duly authorized to try causes of this kind,
has rendered his decision, eight eases have
been brought to Congress asking Congress to
order a new trial. Jn other words, the effort
has been made to make Congress a soit of
appellate tribunal. In every instance the Com-
mittee 011 Patents of this body have adopted
the rule that they would not consent to inau-
gurate a principle of that, kind, because if one
party to a trial before the Commissioner of
Patents may come to Congress and ask to have
a new trial granted because of some misfor-
tune that he incurred, so the other party may
have the same right. If Mr. White had been
successful, for instance, and the remonstrants
against Mr. White had presented themselves
here asking for a new trial because their exhib-
its had been stolen or lost, they would have
the same equity to ask Congress to order them
anew trial as Mr. White has in the present
case. In every instance in which a party may
feel himself aggrieved, whether on the one
side or the otlaer, by the decision of the Com-
missioner of Patents, applications for a new
trial from the one side or the other would be-
come innumerable in their presentation to Con-
gress. Therefore, as^r matter of principle, the
Committee thought it best not to entertain
applications of this kind.
But when we come to inquire further and ask
what are the facts to ascertain whether, if Con-
gress is willing 10 entertain a jurisdiction to
grant new trials, there be anything in this case
which should induce any tribunal to grant a
new trial, we find that the facts are such as
he could not stand upon one moment before
any court duly authorized to grant new trials.
These facts are stated in the letter of the Com
missioner of Patents, Judge Poote, who heard
and decided this case ;
"On the hearing of Mr. ftollin White's application
for an extension of his patent, Sir. Harding, of Phila-
delphia, and Mr. Stoughtou, of this place, appeared
ad bis counsel.'
Mr. Keller, of New York, it was stated, was
also his counsel; but Mr. Keller was sick and
was not present. This is the sickness of coun-
sel_ 1'elerred to, and yet he was represented
before the Commissioner by two of the ablest
patent solicitors there are in the country, Mr.
Maiding and Mr. Stoughtou. But it is said
that there vscie exhibits of models which he
lost. The Senate should remember that this
patent is for perforating the cylinder of a re-
volving pistol; and any revolving pistol with
a perforated cylinder is the very best model
which ever could be presented before any
tribunal investigating the subject-matter of
the case. Commissioner Poote states:
"At tho hearing it was stated by Mr. White that a
part of his models intended to illustrate his inven-
tions had been lost or stolen, and it appeared to be
to him a source of much regret and disappointment.
I do not think, however, that I had any difficulty in
fully comprehending his inventions and other de-
vices referred to, without them, from the papers and
models in the Patent Office."
He then goes on to state the nature of the
patent, which I will not read.
" I did not, therefore, regard his inventions as
having materially advanced the art to which they
related. He had received,' according to his own
statements, in license fees, from the three patents,
$70,889."
And yet there are here on our tables other
statements by him alleging that his receipts
were only $10,000; whereas the Commissioner
states here, and it is known by oar own exam-
ination, that his sworn statements to-day in the
Patent Office assert that he received $70,000.
" His expenses, he states, were $22,457, a large por-
tion of which were expenses of litigation, from which
no proceeds were credited, liis rewards. I thought,
had been ample, having reference to the benefits
conferred upon tho public.
"In view of the facts detailed, I do not think that
more arguments, or more illustrations, or, indeed,
more testimony, would have altered tho conclusions
to which 1 arrived or the decision which X made.
"Very respectfully, yours,
"ELISIIA FOOTE."
Ure have, as a committee of this body, uni-
formly decided upon principle that we would
not recommend that Congress should be made
a tribunal to order new trials in the Patent
Office ; and this case failing within that princi-
ple, it ought not to be entertained. In the
second place, if we should entertain jurisdic-
tion for the purpose of granting a new trial,
there are no facts here to authorize a new trial.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion, for I desire to have it brought
to a close as soon as possible ; but I must say
that I have not seen any necessity for the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut. He seems to try to make the Senate
understand that this bill is actually to extend
this patent to Mr. White. The bill imports no
such thing.
Mr. E'ERRY. I stated it exactly as tho
bill is.
Mr. HOWARD. Exactly as it is not, ac-
cording to my apprehension. This bill simply
gives to Mr. White a right to make another
application for a renewal of his patent to the
Commissioner of Patents. That is all; and
then it will depend entirely upon the judgment
of the Commissioner whether he has made out
a ease which is to authorize him to grant a
renewal of the patent or not. It will all rest,
therefore, in the judicial discretion of the Com-
missioner of Patents. AH this bill asks of
Congress is to give the patentee an opportunity
to make an application for a renewal. [ think
it is just that this mon should have an oppor-
tunity to make his application. 1 do not see
any occasion lor going into a statement of
the amount of profits which Mr. White may
have^ received from his invention. That has
nothing to do, in my judgment, with the merits
of this bill, the bill simply giving him the right
which has now expired to make an application
for renewal. That is all. That is, to have
another lawsuit before the Commissioner of
Patents. l*see nothing unjust in this bill.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, this is a
very peculiar case, it strikes me. As a general
rule 1 am not in favor of the extension of pat-
ents ; but here comes in this case a poor man and
a lame man, who has invented a pistol that far
excels anything Colt ever brought before the
public, and he complains that he had a hearing
tendered him before the Commissioner of Pat-
ents when the counsel who was present did not
understand his case, the one who did especially
understand it being absent; that he himself
was detained away at the time the case was
called, so that he could not give his personal
attention to it; that his models were lost or
stolen, and that therefore it was impossible for
him to make, or for his lawyer, who is not posted
in regard to the case, to make out a fair case
and to have a fair hearing before the Commis-
sioner of Patents. Then we have the organ
of the Committee on Patents here time after
time making zealous and earnest and lawyer-
like arguments against this poor man, and tell-
ing us here to-night that the Government is
interested against him, and that the manufac-
turers of Connecticut are interested against
him, and therefore he should not have a hear-
ing before the Commissioner of Patents. Is
this a proper consideration to bring before the
Senate of the United States?
Following right upon that, we have, in a let-
ter from the Commissioner himself, the state-
ment that this invention of Rollin White is a
matter of no great consequence ; that there is
no particular value in it. How, then, is the
Government interested in it? Why should the
Government prevent the extension of the pat-
ent that it may have the benefit of this fine
instrument? And how arc the manufacturers
of New England so greatly interested in it if
this invention of Rollin White is an invention
of no particular value? It is a matter of par-
ticular value. It is the nicest and (inest instru-
ment of the kind that was ever invented in any
country on the face of God's earth. What is
the use of saying it is of no particular value?
Let that allegation come from what party it
may, the whole circumstances of the case show
conclusively that it is of particular value, that
it is of great importance, and that a combina-
tion of Government officers and manufac-
turers in New England are here in the Senate
Chamber seeking to deprive this poor man,
this lame man, this honest man, who by acci-
dent could not obtain a fair hearing before the
Commissioner of Patents, of the poor chance
of a new hearing under the circumstances, with
all this pressure of power and of interest and
of money against him.
I say it is a case that appfttls to the justice
and the common decency of the Senate of the
United States to stand by and give Rollin
White a new-hearing and a fair chance, as fair
at least as under the circumstances can be had
by a poor man before the Commissioner of
Patents; and for that reason I shall vote for
the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. _ I shall move to pass this
bill by if the discussion continues, and try the
sense of the Senate whether we shall debate
this bill all night or not. I understood this
was taken up to take a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is entitled to the
floor.
Air. CRAGIN. I will occupy but afew min-
utes. I want to state the facts of this case on
the other side, and show the Senate that the
Senator from Connecticut in all his material
facts is very much mistaken. I had occasion
to say at a former period, when this bill was
under consideration, that Rollin White was my
friend; that I had known him for many years;
that I knew him to be an upright, honest, de-
serving man; that I knew him when he was
struggling to Make a competency out of this
patent; knew how lie was embarrassed; knew
how men were infringing upon his rights; how
up to within about one year ago he was in court
litigating his rights, and that about the time he
got a final decision from the Supreme Court of
the United States his patent expired.
Now, Mr. President, let us look at the facts
of this case. Mr. White applied for an exten-
sion of his patent under the existing laws of
his country, just as any man might apply. He
had five distinct patents and fourteen claims,
and all these were pending at the same time
before the Commissioner of Patents. The
whole argument of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, the whole argument of the Commissioner
of Patents, the whole argument of General
