1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Removal of the Capital—Mr. Johnson,
Ho. op Reps.
Hermes, the youthful orator, the spokesman
of the gods, was there in all his glory. There
was Hephaestos, the god of fire, and Hestia,
who guards the earth, sitting on a bene# out-
side the railing, while Ares, a mighty war god,
Dionysos, the greatest eater and drunkard
among the gods, and Aphrodite, who filled the
earth with laughter and woe, sat on a sofa in-
side. All being quiet, Hermes rose and said:
" Listen to the judgment of mighty Zeus,
listen to the judgment of the court." Then
Posidon rose, full of pride and conscious
power, his trident, with which he shakes the
earth and cleaves the waters, grasped aloft in
his right hand. With it he gave the earth a
terrible stroke, which parted, forming a great
chasm, out of which leaped a horse such as
had never been seen for strength and beauty.
He then turned to the mighty Zeus, and in a
lofty manner informed that distinguished head
of the gods that if the best gift to man should
give the right of naming the city, then it
should be called after him. One of the report-
ers for the Herald who happened to be present
says Athene looked steadfastly at the gods
with her keen gray eye for awhile, and then
proceeded to plant a seed she held in her right
hand. For a time she gazed calmly on the^
council of the gods, not speaking a single word.
Presently they saw spring from the earth a
little germ, which grew up and threw out its
boughs and leaves. Higher and higher it rose,
with all its thick foliage, and put forth fruit on
its clustering branches. "My gift is better,
oh Zeus," she said, "than that of King Posi-
don." The horse which he has given shall
bring war and strife and anguish to the children
of men. My olive tree is the sign of peace\
and plenty, of health and strength, and a pledge
of happiness and freedom. Shall not, then, the
city be called after my name?" Then with one
accord rose the voices of the gods in the air
as they cried out: "The gift of Athene is the
best which may be given to the sons of men ;
it is a token that the city of Brecthus shall be
greater in peace than in war and nobler in free-
dom than in power. Let the city be callcd
Athens."
It is said that as a sign of accord with the
voice of the gods Zeus bowed his head, his
immortal locks streaming down and the earth
trembling as he rose from his golden throne
to return to the halls of Olympus. But Athene
stood silently contemplating the magnificence
of her glorious victory, until finally she broke
out in a rapturous strain of eloquence from
which our countrymen might catch glimpses
of patriotism they seldom feel. "Here," she
said " shall my children grow up in happiness
and freedom ; and hither shall the sons of men
come to learn law and order. Here they shalU
see what great things may be done by mortal^
hands when aided by the gods who dwell on
Olympus ; and when the torch of freedom has
gone out at Athens its light shall be handed on
to other lands, and men shall learn that my
gift is still the best, and they shall say that
reverence for law and the freedom of thought
and deed has come from the city whose name
is for Athene." Is not patriotism, law, order,
and religion made by a name; are not all these
in a name? A longtime ago Washington city
j i was a name that could not be pronounced with-
7 out kindling emotions of patriotism. It could
not be uttered without carrying to the mind the
image of the Father of his Country, and reviving
memories of the noble deeds of the illustrious
founders of the Republic. But how different now!
\( The word now carries, whenever spoken, a great
ragged picture of negro processions, election
riots, and a lobby of white speculators who
could not be satisfied by a legislative donation
of the whole world unless it was tendered with
a vote of thanks.
Let us select & place with an appropriate
name for the capital of that nation with the
best government the wisdom of man ever
devised. Let us go to the Pacific, where paci-
fication may be found in our soil, our air, our
fruits and juices, and in our ledges and placers.
Sir, let us go and locate the capital at " Red
Dog," among the breezy pines, whose long
slanting shadows fall with witchery to charm
upon the surrounding hills ; where the mount-
ain streams babble music to the glass-slippered
fairies, and invite the " howling coyote" to lap
of their waters. If this grand site, seated in
a saddle in the mountains, pleases not your
fancy, then "You Bet" is a fitting place. No
hostile fleet can everthere ascend. " You Bet"
is too high. "You Bet," our future capital,
can never be shaken by mortal foe; "You
Bet," our capital is above tide-water. But if
you like it not, "Yuba Dam" is a favorable
place. But still further and last, if you will
select none of these for safety or for beauty,
then "Jack-Ass Gulch" is an appropriate
place ; there every ass can bray " with no one
to molest or make him afraid."
Then by all means let us get away from the
noisome crypt which yawns beneath our feet,
and in which so much gas was generated last
year. Let us get out of this building, for its
very foundation stones have been loosened by
the broadside of great guns fired into it in the
last few weeks. This bombardment, before
repairing the injuries sustained by the terrible
glycerine explosion which occurred here in
1868, through our then Speaker of the House,
is more than these walls can stand. Had the
deluge of eloquence poured out upon this Cap-
itol been in liquid form, it would have been
/floated over the borders of Illinois long ago;
but that eloquence fell in words solid as obe-
lisks of steel and as large nine-inch shells until
we should have been buried from public gaze
had not the reporters of the Globe gathered
them up and sent them off for home consump-
tion. Then be warned in time, make all haste
to "RedDog." " Red Dog" is free from the
objections urged against this city; it is free
from the objections urged against both com-
mercial and manufacturing cities. Any of the
great cities of remote antiquity, those great
cities whose foundations were laid behind the
vail of history, but whose power and glory were
seen in the dim moonlight of civilization to
sparkle, dazzle, and vanish, would to-day be
standing proud monuments of eternal things
had their glittering spires pointed to heaven's
blue arch above the beautiful "Red Dog."
"Red Dog" owes nothing to the causes which
have heretofore produced great cities. Tyre
would have been nothing but for its commerce.
It lost its commerce and became a pile of
broken ruins. The historian can never write
"Red Dog" in the list of cities ruined by a
diversion or failure of commerce. No, sir,
" Red Dog" has a more enduring foundation ;
its traditions are a part of the history of this
great country, a country blessed with the best
Government the world ever saw.
But, sir, 1 am not so blinded by my partiality
for "Red Dog" that I cannot see "You Bet"
as its worthy rival. "Red Dog" is a name
implying fervent domestic attachment, and
should bring " fond memories of the past" to
the mind of every truly loyal gentleman present.
"You Bet" implies genial good humor, affa-
bility of manners, and a carelessness in finan-
cial matters equal to that of the Cabinet officers
who footed up the estimates for our appropria-
tions. " You Bet," as a place of safety from
a warlike foe, has no equjil on this continent.
Had Troy been "You Bet," "you bet" it
would be standing to this day, and Hector
would be driving the "turn out" of Achilles
through its streets. No wooden horse can enter
the gilded gates of" Y"ou Bet;" no hostile
fleet can "vex the waters along the shores"
of "You Bet;" no marching armies can mount
the walls and shatter the monuments there
erected to perpetuate her past glory, her present
greatness, the noble deeds of her gallant people.
But 1 do not wish to appear the especial
advocate of either "Red Dog" or "You Bet,"
for "Yuba Dam" should not be overlooked,
as it cannot be forgotten. "Yuba Dam"
has many advantages as a location, and in very
many respects is like the cities of old on the
Euphrates in Chaldea, and in the Grecian
States. The name "Yuba Dam" signifies
a preacher; one full of love to man; one
guided by obedience and reverence for God ;
one, sir, who would send you thundering to
an endless hell with one blast of his sweet
camomile breath should you dare disobey one
command of the great God whose minister he
is. It means the destroyer of all other cities.
What great city would have fallen but for the
preacher ? Nineveh was made a moldering ruin
by the preacher. Babylon, with all its mag-
nificence, was preached into the ground. Tor-
nadoes of anathemas were hurled from the
sacred desk against its ancient walls by the more,
daring and godly speakers, while the more timid
modestly took leave to print, to appear on the
face of the globe." Finally, beneath a hail-
storm of curses, driven on by a sweeping,
rending, and up-tearing accumulation of dire
and dreadful prophecies, its swinging gardens
fell; its mighty walls were broken; its ponder-
ous gates torn from their hinges; its magnifi-
cent public edifices were leveled to the earth ;
its gorgeous temples had their very founda-
tions torn up, their walls scattered, their altars
shattered, and their sacred fires extinguished.
Then the peaceful shade of eternal desolation
rested on her ruins, and the godly Isaiah £
rejoiced: "Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and
all the graven images of her gods he hath
broken unto the ground." The temple of
Belus was covered so deep in utter ruin that
Alexander the Great employed ton thousand
men a great length of time in an unavailing
effort to clear away the rubbish. The uttered
words "Yuba Dam" had been pitilessly,
unmercifully hurled against it; that judgment
could never be reversed.
" YubaDam" is the swallower up of cities;
it humbles the haughty, the arrogant, the over-
bold, and the ungodly. Seen in its most objec-
tionable features it is as elysian fields to the
final rest in store for honorable gentlemen who
would tarry or stand on the order of their
going. Then I appeal to the loyal element on
this Boor, when this question is voted upon, to
see that no eye is out, and to blow the nose
out of doors with the firmness of Romans. I
know that my zeal in the cause of my country,
in trying to save the archives of this proud
nation by their removal to a place of security,
far beyond the reach of the fearful Captain
Jinks of the " horse marines," who could dash
down these open and undefended avenues and
cram down the throats of our people his mon-
strous pork and beans, has led mo to an earn-
estness of manner unbecoming the wise and
dignified body of which I am a member. My
cause is my excuse. Let those whose excuse
is their cause, cause a better cause for their
excuse.
But why should I take time to present the
advantages of "Red Dog," "You Bet," and
"YubaDam," when I know "Jackass Gulch"
can hardly meet with opposition. Jack is a
jolly fellow; ass is the superlative stento-
rian verbose orator; gulch means a nice shady
place, with rippling waters, where gold may be
found. Who could wish for more—jolly fellows,
long thundering speeches, plenty of money, and
lying in the shade? No leave to print there;
every gentleman could speak his well-digested
piece in peace. He of the true Bashan thunder
could roar and make his tale ring about your
ears to his heart's content. There we should
have no infamous measures in an infamous
Congress to bring us to disgrace. On the con-
