1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4893
dictated in the broad light of necessity for the
public welfare and a .systematic reformation of
public burdens. It was nothing in the world
but what I have described, some means by
which individuals might profit, and that profit
should be gained at the expense of some other
member of society. I do not say this struggle
of' human interests will not always occur; but
I do say that over and above all that there must
suspend the judgment of those who are unable
to comprehend the entire field. In order that
men should undertake to settle a tariff for a
great nation like this, with all the variety of
its demands, with all the intertwining of inter-
ests among a people so vast in number, so
varied in pursuits, with all the demands of so
varied a climate and soil as our own, there
should be at least a full, large-minded grasp
of the whole subject before you attempt to
deal with any part in the fragmentary way that
is now proposed.
The reduction of tax now imposed upon the
people of this country in the shape of excise
is admitted to be practicable; it is admitted
to be wise. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance here shows you that
seventy to seventy-eight million dollars, in the
shape of onerous excise duties, can be lifted
with not only relief to the citizen, but with
enormous relief to the Government in respect
to the expense of collecting it. Under the
original proposition of the Committee on Fi-
nance you will reduce the excise tax in this
country to some half a dozen heads, simpli-
fying the collection, cheapening the cost of
collection, 4o™g away with these armies of
inquisitorial tax-gatherers that are doing so
much to dissatisfy your people and eat out
their substance. Why not, then, adopt that
measure as it stands ? It is confessedly wise ;
even the House of Representatives adopt it,
but they chose to put upon it a rider or the
numberless riders of selfish interests, in the
hope that they will induce you to accept that,
coupled with an exeellentprovision, which you
would disregard and discard if it canao to you
by itself.
Can it be doubted that if the House of Rep-
resentatives had sent before this body in the
shape of a tariff bill such an apology for a tariff
measure as this it would have been instantly
rejected, and they be told " You must give us
a general bill and a comprehensive one or
none?" Then, how can that proposition be
strengthened by connecting it with another
proposition, excellent in itself, to wit, the sim-
ple, direct, and immediate relief of our people
from onerous, inquisitorial, and distressing
taxes in the way of excise ? If this list of
tariff duties is to be discussed, long time must
be occupied in it; each individual interest
will wish to be represented; and there is
none more interesting or more important to
the people at large than probably the very
subject now under discussion. There are ad-
mitted defects in the present system of assessing
and obtaining your duties upon sugar; there
are opportunities for fraud, opportunities for
error, which result in injustice under our pres-
ent system ; and yet great as are these oppor-
tunities growing out of the complications of the
law, and the difficulty of establishing this stand-
ard of color, which is the one resorted to as a
test of duly, the piopositiona of the Finance
Commiltee'in this respect rather increase than
diminish them. I do not say they do not place
the matter on a fairer basis in the abstract, bat
I say that, practically speaking, they increase
all the difficulties of the present law.
Sir, there is one other matter in this affect-
ing questions of commerce; and that is, that
although a law is perhaps unjust in itself, yet j
if it has been suffered to solidify by lime, and 1
the interests of commercial mpn have been
suffered to aceommodaie themselves to its
existence, it is better to keep it though it is de-
fective, than by sudden changes to disarrange
the arrangements of men in commerce. "W hat
contracts nifty have been made by merchants
upon the basis of existing duties I do not
know ; but no doubt they have been large and
important. There can be no doubt that while
some men may be benefited, the great mass
of those engaged in a particular trade are in-
jured by a sudden dislocation of the rates of
duties and a change in either the mode of col-
lecting them or in the amount to be collected.
I was in hopes, from something that fell from
the honorable Senator from Oregon, a mem-
ber of the same committee with myself, [Mr.
Williams,] that he would have made a prop-
osition to separate these two questions, the
excise and the tariff duties, so that the vote
might be taken upon them severally. Upon
the question to reduce the excise tax of this
country I believe the Senate would be found
nearly unanimous. Upon the question of
changing our tariff duties in the incomplete
and (as I think will bo developed should this
discussion continue) the grossly unjust prop-
ositions which this fragment of a tariff con-
tains, there will be found a great source of
difference and of lengthy discussion. If that
could be avoided, I think, in the present condi-
tion' of the business of the Senate, it would be
no slight recommendation. If on a subject so
fraught with discussion, urged on and stimu-
lated by the individual interests of persons
engaged in this matter, discussion could be
dispensed with at this time, it would be a great
assistance to the business of this country and
to this body, and to both Houses of Congress.
I shall vote in this case upon this question
that the present law relating to the duties on
sugars shall be retained without alteration,
either a3 proposed by the House of Represent-
atives or by the suggestions of the Senate com-
mittee. Further than that, I hope the oppor-
tunity will be given to me or to my honorable
friend from Oregon, if he is still of the same
mind that he appeared to bo a few days ago,
of separating these questions entirely, so that
ivo may have a measure of immediate reform
and relief to our people by diminishing the
excise duties, and let the tariff stand as it is
until the next session of Congress, when it may
be examined, not in parts, not in this frag-
mentary way, but as a comprehensive whole.
It, should bo certainly a system and not a sim-
ple statutory remedy, picking out here and there
some article which is to be favored by what is
termed protection; or else to be put upon the
free list in order to benefit in some other way
equally selfish some manufacturer.
I trust that in these cases and in all others
the present rate of duties upon imports will be
retained, without regard so much to the merits
of the individual proposition taken by itself in
part as this, that when a change of the tariff
is made it shall be made in obedience to a
comprehensive system of alteration,
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, so far as'I
have had any opinions on the subject, 1 have
been always in favor of a tariff so as to dis-
criminate ill favor of American manufacturers.
I may say that at one period ot' my life I was
for a tariff, not only for revenue, but for pro-
tection. I advocated and maintained the doc-
time that was given to us by the leaders of
the Whig party—such men as Mr. Cloy and
Mr. Webster, and others, in favor of protec-
tion as protection ; the meaning of which was
that we would sustain our industry, we would
sustain our manufacturing establishments, we
would extend the arm of the Government, the
help of the power of the Treasury of the Gov-
ernment, if necessary, to sustain our people
against foreign competition.
That was my doctrine, and I stand by that
doctrine to-day. I never have changed my
position so far "as that, principle is concerned,
and if these were the infant days of the Repub-
lic, when it was necessary to establish institu-
tions to protect our own industry, our own
manufacturing establishments, av.u to enable
us to compete successfully v.-ith toreign Powers
and the cheapness of foreign labor, 1 would
still maintain that doctrine. But, sir, now no
statistics that can be presented to me can con-
vince me that American labor, American manu-
factures, American industry cannot sustain
themselves against the Powers of the world
aud against the competition of all mankind.
As long as protection was necessary to de-
velop-the growth of our institutions, to push
forward our infant manufactures, and to secure
the payment of good wages to our laborers in
those manufactories, I vva; a tariff man. To-
day I am a tariff man just so far as it is neces-
sary in order to carry out these objects which
were then undertaken by our predecessors.
Mr. President, thank fortnne, under this
policy of the tariff, which is now so condemned
by our Democratic opponents, and even against
which some of our old Whig friends do not
dare to maintain the position they formerly did
on this question, our manufacturing establish-
ments have become self sustaining, and there
is no more necessity now for a tariff upon man-
ufactured cotton than there is for a tariff upon
corn grown upon the prairies of Illinois. If
there is any advantage whatever, the manu-
facturing establishments in the East have the
advantage, and while they roll up their millions
in gold and invest them in United States bonds
and foreign stocks, and control the railroad in-,
terests and policy of this country, the farmer
upon the western plains has no taxupon his corn,
nor does he ask it. These are the plain facts.
These show that my position has been consist-
ent. It was the argument of Mr. Clay and
Mr. Webster that this policy was to be tem-
porary until our institutions became self-sus-
taining, and until we could compete with the
cheap labor of the manufacturing establish-
ments of Europe.
Mr. President, thus far I have spoken with-
out reference to another position. Now, I
come to another proposition as a Whig, and
certainly I was a good and true one, bo'cause
then I believed more in the doctrine than I do
now, for I did not think there was any party in
the country that could save the country except
the Whig party. But, sir, taking this position,
the Whig party at an early day overpowered
the Democratic party; they silenced the bat-
teries of the Democratic party. Although the
Democrats had a majority and a triumphant
majority, an overruling, a tyrannical, an over-
bearing majority, they overpowered the Dem-
ocratic party upon the question of direct tax-
ation ; so much so that the Democratic party
retired behind the fortresses and fought on the
defensive, saying that they were not for direct
taxation in any shape or form. Their warfare
was apologetic, it was on the defensive; and
the Whig party, with those overwhelming afgu-
ments drawn from the Constitution, drawn
from the Federalist, drawn from the theory of
our Government against direct taxation, forced
Martin Van liuren and his party to admit that
they were not in favor of direct taxation.
For this reason, I might say almost alone,
except the reason of the good faith of the Gov-
ernment, of the United States, I voted against
the income tax. I have incurred the popular
censure, I have no doubt, of a majority of the
people of the United States for taking ground
against the continuance of the income tax. I
have done so for two reasons. The first was
that the faith of the Government was pledged
to those persons who were taxed by that tax
that they should be taxed only so long; and
humble as 1 am, I say that the word of a great
nation must bo kept.. Yes, sir; the word of
the nation must be kept. There had been no
tax upon incomes ever before. Our revenue
had been derived from excises, or from duties
upon foreign imports; but then the Govern-
ment in its distress held out its hands, and the
parties who have submitted to the income tax
came forward with a liberality worthy of the
capital of this country. While we furnished
the men unclothed for the war, unsupplied with
the necessaries of war, they came forward and
said, " We will submit to an income tax forso
long," Andtheydid it. They did it gloriously;
