1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3949
Dyer in his letter to the President, is aimed
against one single patent; and I venture to say
that there is not another case on record where
a man haying five patents aboutto expire made
an application for the extension of all of them,
and met a refusal in every single ease. The
fact is that the Commissioner of Patents at that
time did not examine this case carefully and
critically. I know what I say. He did not
examine the evidence, for the evidence was not
there, or at least was there in such a shape as
to be unintelligible. Mr. White asks for a
new hearing before this Commissioner because
his exhibits and models were lost or stolen
before the former hearing, so that thft Commis-
sioner could not understand the merits of his
case. To show you that this is so—and I will
be very brief, I assure my friend from Nevada—
let me read from the report of the examiner
who made his report to the Commissioner:
" The evidence filed by the applicant in this oase
is almost unintelligible, owing to the entire absence
of the exhibits to which the witnesses refer."
Mr. Keefe, in his affidavit taken afterward,
proves that these exhibits were stolen in the
city of New York. Now, to show you, Mr.
President, that the Commissioner himself
could not understand this case, I wish to refer
to the evidence, which will satisfy the Senate
how impossible it would have been for the
Commissioner to understand it. For instance,
here was evidence before the Commissioner:
"Question. Look at exhibits 0, D, P, and G, and
state whetheryon have before seen them or cartridges
like them; and if so, when first and by whom they
were shown and exhibited to you?''
"Look at exhibits C, D, F, and G;" the
witness' attention is called to them. Those
exhibits were stolen ; they were not in the
office of the Commissioner of Patents, and
it is not strange at all that the examiner
should have said that the testimony was really
unintelligible, because these exhibits are re-
ferred to by letters, and the witnesses in New
York testify having these exhibitsbefore them ;
but they were not in the Patent Office, and
the examiner could not see and the Commis-
sioner could not see them. Hence there is
a reason, and a strong reason why this ap-
plicant should have another chance, why lie
should bring the exhibits which were stolen,
which were absent, and I assure the Senator
from Connecticut that there was something
more than a cylinder bored through. There
was one claim for that, but there were fourteen
claims, thirteen claims upon other devices;
thirteen claims upon devices that could not be
and were not represented before (he Commis-
sioner, from the fact that they had been stolen
in New York.
It is not true that this applicant was repre-
sented before the Commissioner by two actor-
neys. Mr. Stoughton was not there at all; he
was not employed by Mr. White. Mr. Harding
did appear, being employed only a few days
before this patent expired. The attorney em-
ployed by White, Mr. Keller, being sick, Mr.
Harding came into the case without under-
standing it; and it was Mr. White's great mis-
fortune that Mr. Keller was taken sick and
could not appear at that hearing. All Mr.
White asks is that he have another chance to
go before the Commissioner. The Senator from
Connecticut says that this matter would not
stand for a moment before any court.
Mr. FERRY. The application for a new trial.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then, why is lie afraid to
have it go back before the Commissioner and
have him rehear it. The Senator from Con-
necticut'says that the Committee on Patents
have uniformly rejected every case of this kind.
I have before me a bill which has passed^ this
Senate and been approved by the President
since the passage of this bill for the relief of
Rolliu White, ''A bill for the relief of Polly
Hunt." TheSenatorfrom Connecticut probably
recollects that case. It is a case for a rehearing
precisely like this, a case that was rejected by
Mr. Stout, the acting commissioner, just before
Mr. F^>otc carae into the office. Application
was made to Congress to grant to Polly Hunt
a new hearing before the Commissioner, and
the bill passed both Houses of Congress, and
was approved by the President on the loth day
of March last, a precedent precisely like this ;
and the wording of the bill is word for word
like the bill for the relief of Rollin White,
except the change of names and the descrip-
tion of the patent, and in this case there was
no pretense whatever that there was any loss
.of exhibits or models.
The main reason why the President vetoed
this bill was the reason stated by General Dyer,
that the Government was interested in this
patent. I wish to bring before the Senate the
fact distinctly and clearly that the Government
now has no interest whatever against the ex-
tension of this patent, that an assignment to
the Government has been made from all the
parties interested in this patent, every one of
them, releasing the Government in the past,
and giving it the right to manufacture and use
these arms in the iuture; so that the reasons
which induced the President to veto this bill
are entirely removed, and to-day the case stands
as though the Government had no interest in
it whatever, as it certainly has none.
This case only asks for fairness ; it only asks
for justice; it only asks that a man who through
misfortune was denied a fair trial, his exhibits
and models stolen from hiin before the hearing
of his application for an extension, shall have
a new chance, a new hearing before the Com
missioner of Patents. It does not imply that
the Commissioner will extend this patent. It
gives every person interested a chance to come
and oppose the extension of the patent just the
same as in the original application.
1 say again, Mr. President, that my sympa-
thies in this oase arc very keen, arising from
my long and intimate acquaintance with this
individual, knowing that he has justice upon
his side, knowing that he has not made any
money out of this patent, that he is to-day a
comparatively poor man. I know that of my
own knowledge. I know there is no special
reason why the Senate should pass this bill
over the President's veto ; but no man is to
be injured by this. This mau made a valuable
invention, a very valuable invention, and he
has not received any adequate remuneration
for it. Lot us give him a chance to go back
again before the Commissioner of Patents and
present his case there. If he can present a
good one, enough to induce the Commissioner
to grantan extension he may extend his patent;
if not he will deny it to him ; and the reasons
which induced the President to veto having
been entirely removed, there can be no objec-
tion now to the passage of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire to say that with
mo the statement of the Senator from New
Hampshire is sufficient to determine my vote.
He speaks from his knowledge of this case,
and that is enough for me. 1 shall vote to
sustain the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do notdesire to waste
any of the time of the Senate, but simply to say
that while I am not ordinarily in favor of renew-
ing patents, I think this is the strongest case
that has ever been presented to Congress since
1 have known anything of its proceedings. I
think Mr. White makes out a case which would
induce any judicial court in the land to grant
him a new trial; and it is perfectly clear that
the veto message was sent here under a total
misapprehension as to what the bill was, sup-
posing the bill renewed the patent, whereas the
bill merely granted anew trial. I believe there
never was a stronger cass presented to any
tribunal having jurisdiction to grant anew trial
than is presented here by the petitioner in this
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin if the paper upon which
the veto was based was not manifestly made
before the bill could have been passed?
- Mr. CARPENTER. I understand two days
: before the bill reached the President.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say but a few
words on this subject. The Senator from New
Hampshire gives his reason why this dew trial
should be had, the fact that Mr. White is poor,
is entitled to our sympathy, an<J has received
but a small remuneration. So far as relates
to his poverty I am willing to give him' my
sympathies to the greatest extent. So far as
relates to his compensation, if he has not had
enough it may be right stftd proper for the Con-
gress of the United States to consider that
question, and if they find that he has not, to
put him in the way of making a new applica-
tion. But he has received over and above his
expenses more than forty eight thousand dol-
lars. I know it is claimed that this is a small
amount for the value of the invention; but his
licensees have received in consequence of this
invention, under the contract which they made
with Rollin White, according to their testi-
mony, nearly if not quite one million dollars.
It may be a great misfortune, it is a great mis-
fortune to Mr. White that he has participated
so little in this large amount; but let me say
to the Senate that this amount has been paid
by the public for this invention; and I ask if
it is proper for the Congress of the United
States to step in and become the special guard-
ian of any inventor, so that if any inventor
should claim that another party may have made
a greater sum out of his invention than he him-
self has made, if the division is not equitable
and right, he should have the interposition of
Congress to do justice between the parties. It
seem? to me it would be requiring a great deal
of Congress to exercise this kind of guardian-
ship over all.
But there is another question in relation to
this matter. This patent expired over a year
ago, on the 3d day of April, 1809. Then, ac-
cording to the law, this invention became public
property. Rollin White had no more right in
it than any other man had. In consequence
of its being public property men have engaged
in the manufacture of the articles patented ;
men have invested capital for the purpose of
manufacturing them ; and 'now Rollin White
comes in and asks Congress to give him an
opportunity to go before the Commissioner and
have his patent renewed, by which a stop shall
be put upon all these manufacturers, and by
which all the capital thus invested will be made
valueless.
I do not agree with the. honorable Senator
from Michigan that it is advisable to give him
permission to enter into a lawsuit like this.
If he were the only rmm to enjoy the privilege
of the lawsuit it might be very well; but when
this patent has beeu open to the public 
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
will allow me. The bill before us expressly
declares that White, the patentee, shall not be
entitled to any damages for the use of his patent
during the time which has elapsed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. What, then,'will be-
come of the property that is invested for the
purpose of manufacturing the article patented
if the manufacturing shall stop when the patent
is renewed?
Mr. HOWARD. That is very easily an-
swered. All they have to do is to purchase
from Mr. White the privilege to go on with
their work at such price as they can agree
upon with him.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It seems to me that
Congress should not step in and say that the
public, having had this privilege for more than
a year, should now be subject to the demands
of any man for the continuance of this patent.
[■■Question!" " Question!'']
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the bill be
read before it is voted on. There seems to
be doubt about it.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
An net for the reiief of Rollin White.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Itepresent-
ntwesof the United Stales of AiaerKn in Congress assnu-
bled. That the Commissioner of Patents be,,u,U is.
heroby, authorized to rehear and determine the ap
plication of Koliin White for theextension oflus lot-
