1870.
Tftfi CONGiifiS&IOtfAL GLOB?.
3005
ou salt was too high, and they pjqposie to allow
the tariff on salt t© remain as it is. Mr. Chair- ,
ir.ua. it would seem that in this great, broad '
country of ours, lull ot almost everything
that makes a nation great, we certainly ought
to be, allowed to buy salt as cheaply as we cau,
whether fit home or abroad. It is one of the
necessities of life. It is truly a saver of life ;
and vet wo propose to continue a high protect-,
ive dutv upon it of IS and 24 cents per 100
pound*! What is the history of the legislation
of Congress on this salt question? Let us see.
By the tariff of 1S61 the tariff on salt was fixed
at 4 cents per bushel of 50 pounds, provided
that salt in bags or not in bulk shall pay a duty
of 0 cents per bushel. Then by the law of 18G2
the tariff was fixed at. 6 cents per 100 pounds ;
then by the law of June 30, 1864, the tariff
duty was raised to 24 cents per 100 pounds in
sacks aud barrels, and in bulk 18centsper 100
pounds, which is the present tariff. On the
verv same day, and in the samelaw aud section
of the law in relation to internal taxation in
which the specific tax was placed on pig iron
and railroad iron and slab iron, I find a spe-
cific tax also of 6 cents per 100 pounds. Upon
that tax being placed on salt the demand was
made for protection as a necessity produced
by the imposition of the internal tax.
That tax is taken off, and still it is insisted
that the tariff tax shall remain unchanged.
The people of this country are expected to
quietly acquiesce in this extravagant tariff tax
on salt to accommodate two or three establish-
ments in this country that have been doing
well in the salt business, and of course do not
desire to be disturbed in their prosperity. The
salt men want to be let alone. It is hot strange
that thev take that position find manage by
persuasive arguments to keep the question of
salt out of the present bill entirely. I am sur-
prised, however, ;hat the Committee of Ways
and Means allowed themselves to be overcome
by them. ,
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Pcofielw] said in a speech a few days ago on
this bill that all that the iron men in his State
wanted was to be let alone. Nobody wqpders
at that; such a disposition is not strange.
When they have got a high protective tariff
on all they manufacture, and there is a disposi-
tion manifested by Representatives of the con-
sumers of the country to reduce the tariff and
thereby reduce the profits of the irqn men in
Pennsylvania, it is not strange that- he should
announce that the people, the monopolists of
his State, are willing to be let alope,
The people of this country do not propose
to accept his offer; they are for scaling down
the tariff rates as we have and will scale down
internal taxation. Reduced taxation is the
demand of the people now, and their demand
or command will be carried out, either by this
Congress or the next one. They are in earn-
est about it; they do not mean to be taxed by
tariff laws and taxed by internal revenue laws
until they are driven to almost absolute help-
lessness and poverty and kiss the hand that
did it. We are taxing too much, We can re-
duce taxation from seventy-five to a hundred
millionsand still collect enoughrevenue to meet
the demands upon the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
debate on this paragraph has terminated.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Armstrong, there were—ayes 43, noes
65 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered j and %lr. Armstrong
and Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
The committee rose informally, when
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the (allowing,titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 887) for tljo relief of
Harriet li. Clinton;
An act (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of i
Joseph Harmon;
An act (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of'
William A. Scott, late first lieutenant of com-
pany F, fourteenth regiment Illinois volun-
teers ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) to construe
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico" and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating
captured cannon for thepurposeof constructing
a monument at West Point, New York.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from the President was i
communicated to the House by Mr. Horace j
Porter, his Private Secretary, who also an-
nounced that the President had approved and |
signed a bill (H. R. No. 271) for the relief of I
Colonel Samuel W. Price, of the twenty-first I
Connecticut volunteers. ' j
tariff bill.
.The Committee of the Whole on the state ^f
the Cnion resumed its session.
Mr; ARMSTRONG. I now propose the
following amendment, which is the same as that
I offered before, except that the rate of duty is
fixed at one quarter cent per pound instead of
one half cent per pound -.
After tho word " pound," in line tbroehundred and
thirty-eight, insert the following :
Provided, That all iron bars rolled or hammered,
Made wholly or in part from the use of charcoal as a
fuel, shad pay an additional duty of one Quarter cant
per found.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
aya .61, noes 42; no quorum voting.
i'elljens were ordered; ftnd Mr. Armstrong
and Mr. Allison we#eappointed.
Th& committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes. 02.
$o the ameadment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Allisox, to strike out the pending
paragraph and the two preceding paragraphs
abd insert in lieu thereof the following: ■ .
On iron in bars, rolled or hammered, comprising
fintt.not Ipsa tfeap oneipqh normoi;* lUan six inches
Wide, anil not less than three eighths of an inch nor
more than two inches thick; and rounds not less
than three quartars of an inch nor more thin two
ineiiep ia diawoter. and sqaares not lets than three
quarters of an inch nor more than two inches square,
$13 per ton.
On bar iron, rolled Ot hammered, comprising flats
less than three eighths of an inch or more than two
inches thick, and less than one inch or more than six
inches wide; rounds less than throe quarters of an
inch or mora than two inches in diameter, and
squares less than three quarters of an inch or mora
than two inches square, $25 per ton: Provided, That
all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other farms less
finished than bars and more advanced than pig iron,
e&oept castings, eh all berated a 3 iron in bars, and
pay a duty accordingly: 4-nA provided further. That
none of the above Iron snail pay a less rate of duty
than 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. As we have amended these
provisions so that they are now in pretty good
shape I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On rods and wire rods, less than five sixteenths of
an inch diameter or square, 1} cents per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. On behalf ofthe Commit-
tee of Ways and Means I move to amend the
paragraph just read by inserting after the
words "wire rods" the words "andoval, lialf-
oval, and half-round iron."
Mr. KERR. I would like to bear the rea-
son for offering this amendment.
Mr. SCHEN CK. The simple reason is this:
as now provided the duty is fixed upon rods
and wire rods; but there are of higher value
than squares other rods which are only par-
tiallyround, which are either halfoval, or half
round, or else are entirely oval; and these be-
long to the same class as wire and wire rods.
In order to correct what, from the testimony1
before us, appeared to be a, wropg, ,t)ie com-
mittee hqa been induced to propose this amend-
ment, so that whatever proteqtion is given to
rods ftnd wire rods shall extend to oval, half-
oval, and half-round iron.
.. Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to unite, the two paragraphs ?
Mr. KERR. That is the effect of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not what we pro-
pose. I have an amendment which I intend to
offer to tlie next paragraph when wc reach it..
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that the prop-
osition of the ehairman of the committee is to
charge upon oval, half-oval, and half-round
iron a duty of 1J cents per pouud ? ;
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; and then to
amend the next paragraph, when we reach it,
so as to read as follows : :
On rod3 and wire roda, oval, half-ova!, and lmlt-
mund iron moro than five sixteenths of an inch
diahieter or square, li cents per pound.
Mr, KERR. So far as we can judge from the
face of this bill, the proposition of the chair-
man of,tho Committee of Ways and Means is
to incorporate the body of the next paragraph
into tho paragraph now under consideration.
I am informed that the rate of duty on tho
articles named in the next paragraph is pre-,
cisely the same under the existing law as that
proposed in this bill, $ut the amendment pro-
posed by the chairman to incorporate the fol-
lowing paragraph with (he one now under con-
sideration is a proposition to increase the duty
on the items named,in this paragraph 16! per
cent. I wish , to .know whether I am right in
that, and I will yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to give me an answer. .
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts., The gen-
tleman is not correct.
Mr. SCHENCK. The two paragraphs as
originally framed, based on al| the informa-
tion we 'were able to.ascertain on .the subject,
were presented to the House as ,,ta<iy are
printed in the bill. On rods and wire'rods less
than five sixteenths of an inch diamet.erj.pr,
square, we imposed a duty of If cents per
pound, and then on all sizes of oval, half-oval,
and half-round iron-, wo impose a duty of
cents per pound. What we propose now is to
put oval, half-oval, and half-round iron, 'less
than five sixteenths of an inch diameter oi
square, with the other paragraph, so that 'on
rods and wire rods, o*val, half-oval, and half-
round iron, less than five sixteenths of an inch
diameter or square, the duty shall be 1J cents per
pound, and then to amend tho following para-
graph so that rods and wire rods more than
live sixteenths of an inch shall be,.with oval,
half-oval, aud half-round iron, liable to a'duty
of 1^ cents per pound.
Mr. KERR. I desire to knbwi^ I am ri&ht
in assuming the paragraph to which the gen-
tleman has been referring leaves the duty pre-
cisely what it is now under existing'law?
Mr. SCHENCK. It both raises and de-
presses.
Mr. KERR. Is not the language precisely
the same?
Mr. ALLISON. It is 1J when made of
wire over twenty wire gauge.
Mr. KERR. It is lj cents per pound on
oval, half-oval, and half-round iron under tho
present law, and this bill makes it precisely
the same. So the reenactment of this provis-
ion makes no change in the law.,' 'therefore
I am troubled to know why the committee re-
enacts it. The original purpose was to increase
the duty, and now it is proposed by the incor-
poration 6f this with the other to make that
increase.
Mr. SCHENCK. What we propose now by
way of amendment is not to change the tariff.
It leaves the rate open for gentlemen to make
any rate they may please. We were satisfied
that oval, half-oval, and half-round iron, on
account of the expense of manufacture ought
to be included in the pending paragraph with
rods and wire rods. They are far more diffi-
