3006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
cult to manufacture. We do not touch the
question of duty at all. We leave that open.
The only question is whether the gentleman is
opposed to this classification. The rate of
duty will be settled hereafter.
_ Mr. KERR. I do oppose this classifica-
tion because it will embarrass the commit-
tee. To embrace in this first paragraph items
included in the following paragraph will make
it more difficult to levy the duty. My object
is to make a reduction and not an increase.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman whether
this oval, half-oval, and half-round iron is
included in the present law?
Mr. ALLISON. It is named as round or
square.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the last
word, and I do it for the purpose of getting
some information on the subject. If I can get
it from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means I think I shall be able to under-
stand it. [Laughter.] I wish to know how
this oval and half-oval iron is classified in the
present law ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe it comes in under
the unenumerated forms of iron or under the
circular forms of iron. But there was also at
the same time put in proof before the commit-
tee that the manufacture of wire rods, giving
value to iron in that shape, was not so expen-
sive as the manufacture of ova!, half-oval, or
half-round iron, circular on one side and a sec-
tion across the other; and whatever the rate
of duty was we thought they ought to go to-
gether. What the committee propose does not
affect the rate of duty; that is open to gentle-
men, if they consider we have put it too high.
That is all the question the committee have
submitted.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, pursuant to order
of the House, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
pending paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
On rods and wire rods, less than five sixteenths of
an inch diameter or square, II cents per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. To this an amendment
had been moved by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] which the Clerk will report.
The Clerk read as follows :
After the words "wire rods" insert the words
"and oval, half-oval, and half-round iron."
The CHAIRMAN. On this amendment
debate had been exhausted.
The question was put on Mr. Schenck's
amendment; and there were on a division—
ayes 25, noes 27; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Brooks, of New York, and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 37, noes 27; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee finding
itself without a quorum, it is the duty of the
Chair to cause the roll to be called, in order
that the names of the absentees may be re-
ported to the House.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs,Adam3, Ames, Archer, Asper, Axtell, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Benjamin, Biggs,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Baok, Burr,
Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Churchill, AVilliam T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
1 and, Amassa Cobb.Cook.Conner.Covod e, Co wl cs.Cox,
Crebs. Cullom, Davis, Dickey, Donley, Duval. Dyer,
Ela, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gibson, llalde-
rnan, Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hays, lleaton, licf-
lin.Iloge, Johnson, Julian, Laflin. Lasb, Loughridgo,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayham. McCarthy, McGrow,
, McKenzie, Mercur, Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell, Mor-
rissey, Mungcn, Negley, Niblack, Orth, Porter, Pot-
1 ter, Prosscr, Randall, Reeves, Ridgway, Roots, San-
1 ford, Schumaker, Lionel A.Sheldon, Sbobor, Slocurn,
; Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stokes,
Stone, Stoughton, Swann. Tanner, Taylor, Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Cad-
walader C. Washburn,William B.Washburn.Welker,
Wliitinorc, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood.
During the call of the roll,
j Mr. HAY. I desire to say that Mr. Lough-
ridge is sick and coufined to bed.
Mr. MORPHIS. Mr. Perce desired me to
: ask that he should be excused. His wife is sick
at Baltimore, and he has gone to see her.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Trimble is sick and
confined to bed.
; Mr. McNEELY. My colleague, Mr. Mar-
shall, is too unwell to be present, and has
been absent, all day on account of sickness.
| Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague [Mr. Don-
ley] is absent on leave.
The committee then rose ; and Mr. Scofield
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House .
bill No. 1068, to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes,
and finding itself without a quorum, he had,
under the rule, caused the roll to be called,~
and now reported the names of the absentees
to the House, in order that they may be entered
upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The chair- !
man of the Committee of the Whole reports
that he found the committee without a quorum,
and caused the roll to be called. The roll
having been called, one hundred and fourteen
members, being a> quorum, have answered to
their names. Under the rule the House will
again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole.
The committee then resumed its session, Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.
The Clerk again reported the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I understand that one hundred and
fifteen members are a quorum; and if that be
so, the call of the roll showed that the House
was without a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Speaker pro tem-
pore decided that one hundred and fourteen
members being present there was a quorum.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to decide this afternoon that one hundred and
fifteen members are necesBary to make a quo-
rum.
The CHAIRMAN. I find on the Speaker's
list one hundred and fourteen put down as a
quorum. When the Speaker is counted that
makes one hundred and fifteen. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] acting
as Speaker pro tempore was governed in his
ruling by the decision of the Speaker of the
House, Mr. Blaine, that his name not being
on the roll, he i3 not counted in order to con-
stitute a quorum.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Constitution of the
United States decides what constitutes a quo-
rum. I do not think that a decision of the
Speaker can overrule the Constitution.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers, Mr. Brooks,
of New York, and Mr. Kelsey, will again take
their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 63.
So Mr. Schenck's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the par-
agraph by adding at the end of it the following :
Provided, That iron and the manufactures of iron
used in the construction, equipment, and repair of
ships and other vessels for navigation in the foroign
and domestic trade of the United States shall bo
exempt from duty, under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order, that this is not germane to the para-
graph, and that it is new and independent
j legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot rule
out the amendment on the ground that it is
new legislation. The entire bill is new legis-
lation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I mean new legislation
independent of this bill, and not germane to
the bill now before us and not germane to this
paragraph. The paragraph relates to rods and
wire rods. If this proposition can come in at
all in this bill it would be as a separate and
independent section. It has no reference
whatever to this class of iron.
The CHAIRMAN. If any iron of the kind
specified in this paragraph is used for such
purposes the amendment is germane.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a general proposi-
tion in regard to all iron used in ship-building.
The CHAIRMAN. It is connected with the
general subject. If iron of this kind is used
in any manner in the construction of ships it
is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is not limited to the
subject of this paragraph, and is not germane,
under the rulings of the Chair on several occa-
sions. If it is germane to the bill at all it
must come in as an independent section.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is necessarily confined
to the subject-matter which is before the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is admissible, relating to the
general subject-matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have been
induced to submit this proviso from the fact
that by the amendment just adopted by the
committee we have increased the duty on iron,
which enters largely into the construction of
ships, to the extent of half a cent a pound. It
is quite manifest that if this nation does not
intend to be entirely left out of the commer-
cial brotherhood of nations we have got to do
One of two things, either greatly reduce the
general duties ou iron, or exempt from duty
iron entering into the construction of ships.
It is manifest that with the duties proposed to
be imposed upon all classes of iron, and espe-
cially upon the class of iron now under con-
sideration, which enters largely into the con-
struction of ships, the construction of iron
ships, such as are now appropriating the com-
merce of the world, is absolutely impossible.
The people of the United States are com-
Eelled to meet the mortifying fact that one
undred and seventeen iron ships are plying
between London, and Liverpool, and Bremen,
and Hamburg and the ports of the United
States, carrying our commerce and appro-
priating that commerce which naturally be-
longs to the American people, and realizing
from this source a revenue of over $40,000,000
per annum, and not a single American ship
crosses the Atlantic flying the American flag.
The exemption from duty of the iron entering
into the construction of ships is clearly the
only mode of enabling ship-builders to con-
struct ships in America, or else the labor of the
whole country is to be made tributary^ to the
iron interest by the payment of bounties for
ship-building, and that latter proposition the
labor of the country will not bear.
The question is simply this: whether we shall
leave our ancient rival, England, and France
and North Germany and the rising power of
Italy, to appropriate the commerce of the world,
or shall the people of the United States, as
their fathers have done before them, reserve
the right to control, to some extentat least, the
commerce of the nation ? Shall we do it by the
payment of bounties direct for ship-building, or
by relieving the material which enters into the
construction of ships from the burden of the
