3950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
tors-patent, for improvements m pistols, issued April
3, 1855, numbered 1263S, 12648, and 12649, (number
12638 having been reissued May 1,18G6, numbered
2236 nnd number 12649 having been reissued October
27,1863, in divisions numbered 1557,1558, and 1559,)
upon the evidence, in thesamemanner and with the
same effect as if they were original applications
made within the time prescribed by law for said ex-
tensions, before the Commissioner of Patents, and as
if no hearing had ever occurred: Provided, That in
ease said extension shall be granted no damages
shall be recovered for infringements thereof between
the date of the expiration of the original patents
and the date of such extensions.
J. Gk BLAINE,
Sneaker of the House of Jiepresentatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President and President of the Senate.
I certify that this act did originate in the Senate.
GEO. C. GORIIAM, Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the bill pass, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding,"
which question must be taken by yeas and
nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 41, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreinan, Cameron, Car-
Senter, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Flanagan, l^owler,
hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, ILaraiin,
liarlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Johnston. Kellogg,
Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Revels, liicc, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sehnrz, Scott. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Vickers, and Willey—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Edmunds, Ferry, Osborn, Robert-
son, Spencer, Stockton, Trumbull, and Williams—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cattell, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Davis, Fenton, (iilbert, Harris, Mc-
Crocry, Morton, Norton, Spragnc, Thayer, Thurman,
"Warner, Wilson, and Yates—18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate voting in the affirmative, the bill
is passed, the objections of the President to
the contrary notwithstanding.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (II.
li. No. 11G9) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions (so called) with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House resolu-
tion No. 86.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it about?
Mr. STEWART. It is to correct a clerical
defect in a railroad land grant. It has been
up and been discussed here for four or five
mornings.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
proceed to tho consideration of the joint reso-
lution indicated by him.
* There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (II. Ii. No. 88)
in regard to the suspension of the sale of cer-
tain lands in California, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Casserly to
tho amendment of Mr. Cole. The amendment
of Mr. Cole was to add the following:
Expressly saving and reserving all tho rights of
actual settlers, together with the other conditions
and restrictions provided for in the third section of
said act.
The amendment of Mr. Casserly to the
amendment of Mr. Cole was to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
And provided. That all persons who before the
passage of this joint resolution shall have located
themselves as actual settlers upon any portion of the
lands affected by this joint resolution, or by the said
act of July 27, 18G6, or included in tho lands with-
drawn by order of the Secretary of the Interior of
March 18,1807, or at any other time, for or on account
ot said Southern Pacific Railroad Company, whether
such persons shall have so located themselves beforo
or after such withdrawal, shall have the right to
enter, under the homestead or preemption laws of
theUnited States, the lands upon which they have so
located themselves in the quantities allowed by said
laws, and upon the terms provided thereby.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, thisjoint
resolution and the amendment which I offered
have been before the Senate upon two previous
occasions, each time for a portion of the morn-
ing hour. The result is that it will become
necessary for me to some extent to go over the
ground already trodden. I regret that the bill
could not have been brought up at an earlier
hour, so that it could be disposed of by a rea-
sonable period in the evening.
The object of the amendment that I offer to
the Senate is to save the rights of a certain
class of settlers upon the lands affected by the
joint resolution. The operation of the meas-
ure now before the Senate is to bestow upou
the Southern Pacific railroad of California a
grant of land, stated in the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior sent into this body last
December to be about ten million acres. I
will proceed to state in what way the question
arose out of which this amendment of mine
has sprung.
In 1867 the Southern Pacific railroad, as then
organized, procured in the Land Office the with-
drawal of a large body of lands in the State
of California. Those lands were not so sit-
uated with reference to the lawful line of the
railroad that they could be legally withdrawn.
That question was presented to the late Secre-
tary of the Interior, Judge Browning, and by
him was decided against the withdrawal. He
held the withdrawal to be illegal and void, and
directed tho lands affected by the withdrawal
to be restored to their original status; in other
words, be directed them to be put back upon
the footing on which they stood under the gen-
eral land system of the country before this
attempted withdrawal. Upon the personal
intercession of a distinguished soldier of the
war, who felt some interest in the road at that
time, Mr. Secretary Browning suspended his
order setting aside the withdrawal and restor-
ing the lands, so far as concerned the greater
portion of them; and so the matter remained
until shortly after the commencement of the
term of office of the present Secretary of the
Interior. During last year his attention was
called to the objections made to the withdrawal,
and after hearing arguments, as I understand,
from all parties in interest, he affirmed the
decision of his predecessor. He also held the
withdrawal to be illegal and void, and directed
the lands to be restored to their original status.
Shortly after that, and before the time expired
for the giving of notice in the land office, in con-
sequence of certain proceedings taken by the
Pacific Railroad Committee, that order setting
aside the withdrawal and restoring the lands
was suspended to await the action of Congress.
While the order was in that condition of sus-
pension the House of Representatives passed
a joint resolution in reference to those lands,
and having respect, among other things, to the
rights of the settlers who had gone upon the
same. At least that is the tenor of the pream-
ble, which I will read:
" Whereas it is represented that one million acres
of fertile lands in the State of California, formerly
reserved for the Southern Pacific railroad, and re-
cently restored by tho Secretary of the Interior, by
an order to take effect after thirty days' notice, will
be immediately entered by speculators at private
entry, to the exclusion of settlers, unless further
legislation is had—
Then the resolution was—
"Therefore,
"Me it resolved, &c., That the Secretary of the
Interior be requested to suspend the execution of
his order until the subject can be considered by
this Congress."
On the 10th of February, or at some time
subsequent to the passage of that resolution
in the House of Representatives, it came into
the Senate, and on the 11th day of March the
present resolution was reported back from the
Pacific Railroad Committee. The Senate will
see that the resolution as it now stands is a
complete change of the House resolution. It
preserves no feature of the House resolution.
The House resolution, so far as may be judged
by the preamble, was drawn and passed in that
body for the purpose of protecting the interests
of the settlers upon the fertile lands of this
withdrawn district; and for the purpose of
legislation by Congress in their interests, the
House resolution requested the Secretary of
the Interior to suspend the execution of his
order of withdrawal. I ask the Clerk to read
the resolution as it came from the Senate com-
mittee, in order that the Senate may judge for
itself how wide the departure is from the lan-
guage and object of tb<? HouS® resolution.
The House resolution is quite short.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad is to strike
out all after the cnacting clause of the House
resolution and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That tho Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
Californiashall construct its road and telegraph line,
as near as may be, on the route indicated by the map
filed by said company in the Department of the
Interior on the 3d day of January, 1887; and upon
the construction of each section of said road, in the
manner and within the tune provided by law, and
notice thereof being given by the company to the
Secretary of the Interior, he shall direct an exam-
ination of each such section by commissioners to
Reappointed by the President, asprovidedia the act
mailing a errant of land to said company, approved
July 27,1866, and upon the report of the commis-
sioners to the Secretary of the Interior that such sec-
tion of said railroad and telegraph line has been
constructed as required by law, it shall be the duty
of the said Secretary of the Interior to cause patents
to be issued to said company for the sections of land
conterminous to eaoh construotedsection reported on
as aforesaid, to the extent and amount granted to
said company by the said act of July 27,1S66.
Mr. CASSERLY. Senators will perceive
that in the resolution now before the body as
it came from the Senate committee, there is
nothing about settlers ; nothing about then-
interests ; nothingabout preserving one million
acres of fertile land out of this great body of
lands for them as against speculators. The
Senate resolution is devoted entirely to the
purposes and objects of the railroad company.
It validates the withdrawal made so long ago
and so frequently held to be invalid by the
Department of the Interior. It does so on the
strength of certain supposed equities in the
railroad company, although the report of the
committee, as presented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] does affirm sub-
stantially the two decisions of the Department
of the Interior setting aside this withdrawal
of this large quantity of lands in the interest
of the railroad company.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator, as I see he is prepared and desires to
submit some remarks at considerable length to
the Senate on this subject, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn. It is now half pagt
nine o:clpck.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like very much
to 
Mr. STEWART, If the Senator will yield
to me for one moment, I have no objection to
that motion if other business is not going to
crowd this measure out of the way. I want to
go on with it to-morrow. If it is the under-
standing that we shall go on with it to-morrow,
then I shall not persist in pressing it now. I
do not want to keep the Senate here to-night,
if we can dispose of it in the morning; but I
do desire to have this measure disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us finish
this matter.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I say, sir, that the Sen-
ate committee in its report affirmed both the
decisions of the Department of the Interior
and held the withdrawal of this great body of
lands for the railroad company, made so many
years ago, to have been illegal and invalid. I
refer to a sentence on page 6 of the report
in which the result of the law and t.he ficts is
summed up by the committee:
" It is clear, then, that Congress intended to grant
lands, and did grant lands to aid the construction
