2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
is republican; and whereas tho Legislature of Geor-
gia elected under said constitution liaa ratified the
fourteenth—
Which was done in July, 1808—
and thefifteenth amendments to the Constitution of
the United States; and whereas the performance of
these several acts in good faith is a condition-pre-
cedent to the representation of the State in Con-
gress; Therefore, &c.
If we admit Georgia 011 that ground, as the
preamble to this bill recites, then we emphatic-
ally admit also the validity of the acts in con-
sequence of which we are to admit Georgia.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to state to him a fact ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I think my friend overlooks
the fact that this Legislature, on the same day
that itratified the fifteenth amendment, ratified
the fourteenth amendment also, as if it had
never been acted on by the pretended Legisla-
ture of 1868. That is the fact.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I shall be able to
show that the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment falls under the same head with, the rati-
fication of the fourteenth amendment; and I
would at the same time ask the Senator, inas-
much as we insisted upon tho expurgation of
the constitution of Georgia, which act was per-
formed in 18G8 and not reperformed now, are
we going to admit the State without its having
fulfilled that fundamental condition ? Are we
going to be satisfied with that? But if we are
satisfied with that we are satisfied with an act
performed in 18G8 and not repeated since.
Therefore, if we accept that condition as satis-
factorily complied with, I do not see how there
is any ground to stand on but that wo must
necessarily recognize the Legislature which
performed the act complying with that condi-
tion. ■
The State Legislature of Georgia is, as I
assume it necessarily must be, the creature
of the State constitution of Georgia. I never
heard of a State Legislature that was not ex-
isting by virtue of a State constitution. To be
sure, it is said^ by the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomeroy] that elections for that Legis-
lature were not held under the constitution ;
but I think we have shown him conclusively
that the elections were ordained and were held
under ordinances of the convention, and that
those ordinances had been validated by the
constitution pro tanto, so that in fact those
ordinances formed, for all practical purposes,
part and parcel of the State constitution. It
may be said, therefore, that the Legislature
was elected, and all that was done by it was
done by virtue and under the sanction of a
State constitution, and not otherwise. That
State constitution defined the term of life of the
Legislature, making it two years for the house
of representatives and four years for the sen-
ators, one half to be elected biennially. I re-
peat, the State Legislature as such could find
110 condition of existence at all outside of the
State constitution, for without the State con-
stitution it certainly would not have been a
State Legislature. The Legislature commenced
in 1868, and, according io the constitution, pro-
viding for bienuial elections, it must necessa-
rily end—at first sight at least we should con-
clude so—in 1870.
Now, it is claimed that the State Legislature
may continue its official existence and author-
ity for another term of two years. On what
ground is this claimed ? The Senator from
Indiana takes the very broadest ground. He
asserts that its existence as a State Legislature
will commence only with the admission of
Georgia as a State of the Union; that is to
say, the State Legislature will commence its
legitimate and legal life on the very day when
we here in Congress pass an act admitting the
State of Georgia. Now, sir, if so, how can its
previous acts, not only those which were per-
formed in 1868, but also those which have been
performed in February, 1870, be considered
legal, if, as will not be denied, they could bo
performed only by a State Legislature ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to answer him ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Upon the theory in all cases
received where a new State is formed out of a
Territory, never a Stale before, that when the
State is finally admitted the act relates back in
legal effect to sanction those things that were
done with a view to admission and as condi-
tions of admission.
Mr. CARPENTER. Office holding as well
as everything else ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. I am not speaking
of that.
Mr. xSCHURZ. I was just going to come to
that.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Missouri
will allow me to say that I am speaking of
those things that are required by an act of
Congress authorizing a Territory to form a
State as the conditions, the preliminary condi-
tions of admission, and I say that the act of
admission relates back and makes those things
good as if done on tho very day of admissioa.
That is the theory always received.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am very glad to have that
statement from the Senator's own lips. Yes,
sir, it is on the ground of the so-called doctrine
of relation that we consider those acts which
were performed by a Legislature elected as a
State Legislature in a Territory, before that
Territory was admitted as a State, legal, inas-
much as the admission of the Territory as a
State relates back and validates all those acts
which were performed under the sanction of
the Stale constitution before. That is what I
understand the Senator from Indiana to say.
Am I correct?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, the act of admission
does relate back, and validates that which was
done before it; but if it validates the acts per-
formed by a Legislature I should like to know
whether it does not validate that Legislature
itself. If it validates the acts performed by
the Legislature, does it not validate and legalize
also the body which performed the acts at the
time when the acts were performed? If the
expurgation of the constitution of Georgia was
a legal proceeding, and we certainly recognized
it as a legal compliance with a fundamental
condition imposed by Congress to be validated
by the act of admission, I would ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether it can possibly be
assumed that the Legislature, when it per-
formed that act, had no legal existence?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I will take the State of
Nebraska, where a condition was imposed, and
tho condition was to be agreed to by the Legis-
lature before the act of admission. Afterward
Nebraska came in. She dates as a State from
the date of her admission by act of Congress.
She does not date as a State from the time that
condition was performed by the Legislature.
In other words, she was not a State before she
was a State.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir, that is true; she
was not a State before she was a State ; but I
would ask the Senator whether the Legislature
which complied with that fundamental con-
dition was not afterward by the act of admis-
sion relating back to the act of the Legislature
recognized as a Legislature, which only as a
State Legislature could perform such an act?
Mr. MORTON. After it fully came in, of
course it was.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is the very point I am
coming to.
Mr. MO ETON. Then we agree.
Mr. SCHURZ. I repeat, sir, if we admit
that the act of admission relates back to the
acts of the Legislature and validates them, then i
it must necessarily relate back to the body that I
performed the acts at the time when those acts |
were performed. I think it never was pre- j
tended that the term of a Legislature elected j
in a Territory as an inchoate State Legislature
and legalized afterward by the act of admis-
sion of that Terrtitory as a State commenced
olily after the act of admission ; but if I remem-
ber correctly it has been always held that the
act of admission validating the acts of the Le-
gislature, validated at the same time the exist-
ence of the Legislature at the time when those
acts were performed. Has not this always
been held? And was it ever pretended, I
ask the Senator from Indiana, when Congress
admitted the other reconstructed States, thai
the term of their Legislatures commenced 011
the very day when the act of readmissiou was
passed ? I have not heard of a single case
where such a thing was done or jiretended.
But, sir, if we should accept the doctrine
which it seems is held now by the Senator
from Indiana that the Legislature was not a
legal State Legislature, and that the act of
admission does not legalize its existence at
the time it performed these acts complying
with the conditions-precedent, what would be
the consequence? The whole system of re-
aonstruction which we have been so labori-
ously building up, will be tumbling down ;
all the constitutional amendments fall to the
ground ; and I see, to use an old figure of
speech, the Senator from Indiana, like a blind
Samson, shaking the only pillar on which the
validity of these constitutionalamendments can
rest.
But, sir, we are estopped from accepting any
such doctrine. We are estopped by the very
act of December 22, 1869, which, by not pro-
viding for the reperformance of the conditions-
precedent, recognized the validity of the legis-
lative acts by which they had been performed.
We are estopped by the very preamble to this
bill, for if we accept this doctrine,' then the
fifteenth just as well as the fourteenth amend-
ment will have to be ratified again by the Legis-
lature of Georgia after Georgia is admitted as
a State ; for such acts being of that class which
can only be legally performed by State Legis-
latures must necessarily fall to the ground as
soon as we assume that the bodies which did
ratify them were not State Legislatures.
It seems to me that no case in the world can
be clearer. This Legislature exists as a State
Legislature by virtue of the State constitution
of Georgia. That State constitution of Geor-
gia knows no other but biennial Legislatures.
This Legislature commenced in 1868, and it
must, therefore, according to the constitution,
end in 1870. If this Legislature does not
exist by virtue of the State constitution, then
it had no constitutional authority whatever
to ratify constitutional amendments. These
acts are validated by the act of admission ;
and if we recognize their validity we must ne-
cessarily recognize the legality of the body
which performed the acts at the time when it
performed them.
Now, sir, the advocates of the continuation
of the Legislature of Georgia for another term
of two years—I beg their pardon when I say
so—feeling the weakness of their argument,
resort to the expedient of interpreting into
that constitution the power of the Legislature
to perpetuate its authority. The third article
of section one of that constitution, which is
relied on for this purpose, reads thus, speaking
of the Legislature of Georgia:
The members of tlie senate shall bo elected for
four years, except that tho members elected at tho
first election from the twenty-two senatorial districts
numbered in the constitution with odd numbers shall
only hold their office for two years.
"The members of thehouse of representatives shall
Deselected for two years.
"The election for members of tho General Assem-
bly shall begin on Tuesday after the first Monday in.
jNovember of every second year"—
Mark what I read—
"^sliall begin on Tuesday after tho first Monday in
November of every second year, except the first
election, which shall bo within sixty days alter the
adjournment of thi-; convention; but tho General
Assembly may by law change tho time, of election,
and tho members shall hold until their successors
are elected and qualified."
