1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
t
The sixty-fifth section of the act of July 2,1859, (P.
L,, 633, Br. Dig.. 376,14,) distinctly says to the elec-
tion officers that 'no person shall bo admitted to
vote whose name is not contained in the list of tax-
ables, unless he produces his tax receipt,' &o. By
its succeeding section ' ho shall make proof' of resi-
dence by a qualified elector, and shall himself
swear to the bona fide of his residence. The one
hundred and fifth section of the same statute (Br.
Dig., 381, sec 95) imposes a penalty of not less than
fifty dollors nor more than $200 for a violation of the
law in this behalf. It is repugnant to the most ordi-
nary intelligence to say that all this legislation is
meaningless and can be disregarded by wholesale.
In Bladen vs. The City (Leg. Int., Sept. 10, 1869, p.
294,) Sharswood, J., states the law thus: 'It would
not be easy to lay down any general rule as to when
the provisions of a statute are merely directory, and
when mandatory or imperative. Where the words
are affirmative and relate to the manner in which
power or jurisdiction vested in a public officer or body
are to be exercised, and not to the limits of the power
or jurisdiction itself, they may and often have been
construed to be directory; but negative words, which
•o to the power or jurisdiction itself, have never, that
_ am aware of, been brought within that category.'
'A clause is directory,' says Taunton, J., 'when the
provisions contain mere matter of direction, and not
more; but not so when they are followed by words
of positive prohibition.' (Pearse t>«. Monice, 2;
Add. and Ell., 96.)
" In excellent reason and high authority it would
therefore seem to be clear that the 'directory' plea
can no longer avail for the defense of election officers
who disregard the law."
Mr. STILES. I would like the gentleman
to state in what case Judge Brewster gave the
opinion which has just been read,
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will hand the decision
to the gentleman; he can examine it, and by
and by in his own time he can make any com-
ments upon it he may deem proper. He will
have an opportunity to discuss the case before
the debate closes.
Mr. STILES. I shall have no time except
what may be given me by the courtesy of mem-
bers of the committee, I suppose.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I prefer to proceed now
without interruption.
Mr. STILES. I understand that this opinion
was delivered in July, 18G9.
Mr. CHURCHILL. No, sir; it was deliv-
ered in October, 1869.
Mr. STILES. My impression is that the
opinion was given under the new registry law
of Pennsylvania, or at least after the registry
law was passed; not under the law as it stood
when this election took place. That opinion
is now being reviewed by the supreme court
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not understand the
facts in the same way as the gentleman.
" But the conduct of the election board was equally
blameworthy with that of the assessor. From the
report which had gone out that an unusually large
number had been assessed at the monastery, and
from the gathering of strangers there, it was believed
that improper votes would Beattempted to be polled,
ond a purpose seems to havo been formed to pre-
vent these votes being received, except upon proper
examination. But from the commencement of the
election until about eleven o'clock, during which
time the greater part of these votes were polled,
challenges were entirely disregarded.
"Jesse Chambers swears (202) that he challenged a
number of persons from the monastery in the fore-
noon, whom bethought not qualified, and that no
attention was paid to his ohallenge, and that he was
told by one of the inspectors of the election to mind
his own business; that they were attending to that
concern. Shannon Nicely (209) swears that he saw
eight or ten challenged, none of whom were sworn,
and all of whom were permitted to vote; that one
person from the convent, when challenged, took
some papers from his pocket and held them on the
window-sill with one hand, and his tioket in the
other, and that the inspector took the ticket without
any examination of his papers. John Stouffer testi-
fies (235) that he challenged one man at the request
of Jesse Chambers, a stranger whom he had seen
arrive at tho monastery the evening before, carpet-
bag in hand, (202,) but he was allowed to vote with-
out any questioning at all. He challenged soon
after two men as not being residents of the district,
and was ordered by theinspectors away from the win-
dow, they saying that they were going to let people
vote there that day as they pleased. He further
testifies that he saw from fifty to sixty challenged
during the day, most of whom were of foreign birth,
but who were allowed to vote without showing any
papers; that in theforenoon, on holding up a bundle
of papers in an envelope, they were allowed to vote,
and that when tho challenge was on tho ground-of
non-residence, no evidence at. all was required.
"A. A. Johnson (264) and D.L.Chambers (116) also
testify that challenges were made and entirely dis-
regarded by the board.
"No Democrat appears to have been rejected by
the board that day, while nearly all the above wit-
nesses testify to the unfair and partial discrimination
of the hoard against their political opponents.
" From this use of a paper as an assessment list
which had no claim to such authority, and the mys-
terious disappearance of which makes it impossible
now to determine its character or value; tbo par-
tiality of a board which, because all Democratic,
against the spirit of the law of Pennsylvania, should
havo been the more careful of the rights of the Oppo-
sition, and the disregard of challenges, which, with
the singular disregard of his duties shown by the
assessor, was tho only safeguard of tho purity of
that election—we conclude that tho entire poll of
that election district should bo rejected. As tho
majority of Henry D. Foster at the Youngstown dis-
trict was 170, the rejection of the returns from this
district will elect Mr. Covode by a majority of 112."
4. We now come to the case of tbe paupers
whose votes were rejected by the Committee
of Elections in their report, and whose case is
stated in the report of the committee as follows:
'' The testimonyof John J. Morris shows that ho was
steward of tho Fayette county poor-house, in South
Union township, in 1868, and that of the inmates ot
that poor-house Robert Rose,W illiamChopson, Rob-
ert McCarnes, John Dinsmore, Isaiah Cummings, and
Kdward Stewart, who were sent to the poor-house
from other townships than South Union, voted in
South Union at the October election, 1808, and for
Henry 1). Foster.
*' The testimony of Harrison Wilson also shows that
he was steward of the Westmoreland county poor-
house, in Hempfield, in 1868, and that,George Hauey,
llenry Stoll, J ames Cook, HenrySullenberger, J ames
Johnston, Edward Laghey, Peter Patton, Alexander
Cummings, and Dickson Stewart, who wero sent to
the poor-house from other townships, voted tit that
election in Hempfield.and, with other testimony, that
they voted the Democratic tickct and for Mr. 1 oster.
" The testimony further shows (Zundell, 191) that
none of these persons were assessed upon personal
application, and also that none of them paid the tax
upon which they wero permitted to vote, (192,273,)
but that their names wore handed to the assessor
and their taxes paid by an official who understood
that they would vote, and lor the purpose of enabling
them to vote a particular ticket; both assessment
and payment of tax being illegal as against tho ex-
press letter of the election laws of Pennsylvania.
(Election Laws, 24, sec. 13; 40,sec. 75.) But didthese
persons acquire a residence in the election district
where the county-house was situated, within tho
meaning of the law of Pennsylvania, which requires
that tho voter shall have resided at least ten days
immediately preceding the election in the district
where he offers to vote? We think not. Their resi-
dence at this place was not their own voluntary act.
but the act of the public authorities, who, for reasons
of economy and convenience, sent them here that
they might bo supported at the public expense.
"The court, in Murray vs. McCarty, (2 Mun., 397,)
says that to divest a person of the character of a cit-
izen of a particular place, " there must be a removal
with an intention to lay aside that character, and ho
must actually join himself to some other community.'
The italics are those of tho original report.
"So Burrill (Law Die., tit; Residence) defines res-
idence as ' the place whore one has made his seat,
abode, or dwelling.' The derivation as well as tho
ordinary acceptation of the term denotes the place
where the party has soated himself, and his own
choice or freo will in the matter is assumed. We think
this the legal as well as the ordinary meaning of tho
term, and that accordingly tho soldier who occupies
a place at tho command of his military superiors, the
criminal who does tho same thing while in custody in
the hands of the criminal authorities, and the pauper
who is placed and supported in the county poor-
house at the public expense, gains no residence in
tho town by his enforced stay."
In the case of Monroe vs. Jackson (Bart-
lett's Contested-Election Cases, 101) the Com-
mittee of Elections of the Thirtieth Congress
in their report, speaking of persons similarly
situated to those above named, say:
"Independent of all legislation these persons were
not voters in the district in which the alms-house and
hospital were located, by reason of their residence
therein. By tho common law, living in an alms-
house or other place of public charity for any length
of time would not create a residence or give the pau-
per tho rights of a resident in the town, ward, or city
in which such charity is situated."
The minority of the committee rely upon the
case of Koontz vs. CofFroth.
Mr. RANDALL. That is a Pennsylvania
case. The one which the gentleman just quoted
was a New York case and decided under New
York law.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The case of Koontz
vs. Coffroth, to which I now refer, is, as my
friend from Pennsylvania says, a Pennsylvania
case. But an examination of that case will
show that it does not sustain their position.
In that case the contestant asked that the votes
of seventeen paupers in Bedford county and
sixteen paupers in Adams county should be
rejected from the count of the sitting member:
first, because paupers have no right to vote ;
and second, because the Bedford county voters
were non-residents of the districts in which they
voted. The committee refused to reject, the
votes of the Adams county paupers, claiming
that paupers, merely as such, were not disfran-
chised by the laws of Pennsylvania; and in
accordance with that decision, the committee
i in this case have allowed to stand the votes of
such paupers as were residents, at the time of
I their becoming paupers, of the towns where the
I alms-houses were situated. But the vote of
the Bedford county paupers, whose case re-
sembled that of the paupers whose votes are
rejected by the committee in this case, the
committee in the case of Koontz and Cofl'ioth
refused to reject on the sole ground stated by
; them, " that the contestant failed to prove that
those votes were counted." The votes of the
fifteen paupers above named should therefore
be deducted from the vote for Mr. Foster.
5. The committee further find that 77 votes
counted for Mr. Foster were illegal or illegally
counted to him, and should be deducted from
his vote. A list of these will be found on
pages 11 and 12 of the report, to which I refer
the House.
The correctness of these findings of the com-
mittee are concurred in by the minority in their
report in thirty-seven cases. The remaining
forty they affirm should not be deducted from
the vote of Mr. Foster; and to these cases I ask
briefly the attention of the House.
James T. Martin voted for Mr. Foster at
Dunbar. His uncle swore positively that he
was a minor, and further that ne had examined
the record of his birth, which showed him to
have been born on the 3d day of May, 1848.
The only evidence in opposition was tbat of
the voter himself, who could not read or write,
and who swore that his grandfather told him
he was of age, but did not tell him when he
was born. The vote should be rejected.
Andrew Wash voted in Dunbar, and for Mr.
Foster. He had lived in Dunbar for many
years, where he had a son; but his wife died,
and for the last four or five years he had lived i n
Franklin, where he had two sons. He went
to visit his son in Dunbar about four weeks
before the election; voted there at the October
election, and the same day, or the next morn-
ing, went back to Franklin, and had not been
back since at the time the evidence was taken.
He told the witness Cox that he was at his
son's in Dunbar only on a visit. The vote
should be rejected.
George F. Dawson voted at Brownsville,
where he was born, for Mr. Foster. His own
evidence before the election board shows he
was not entitled to vote at that election. Wit-
ness Swatzer says, page 41:
" Mr. Dawson stated that he didn't think he was
entitled to vote. He came to the polls to vote. I
challenged his vote, and then he was sworn by the
board. He said he had been living in Ohio, and had
come home to visit his father; had boarded at tae
Monongabela House, in Pittsburg, for several
months. He came to Brownsville to bid his father
good-by, to return to Ohio; his father insisted on
his remaining in Pennsylvania, which he finally eon-
eluded to do, and returned to Ohio to settle up his
business there for that purpose. The time from his
return to the election was not sufficient to entitlo
him to avote; it lacked some eightorten days—lam
not certain whether from the time hereturned or the
time when he came to bid his father good-by. We
were talking about it then. I was the Republican
challenger. He said he did not think hehad a right
himself to vote, but they insisted on his coming up
and trying it."
Camelty Westcott voted at Fayette for Foster.
H. H. Connelly swears positively that West-
cott was not of age when he voted; that he
was not present at his birth, but could fix the
date of his own knowledge. The witness
Campbell could only state what the father and
mother had said to him the evening before
about his age, and the father on the day of
election, but they did not venture to produce
the father or mother for examination. The
evidence was hearsay, and conld not overcome
the positive evidence of Connelly. This vote
should be rejected.
Reason Dean voted at Menallen township for
