1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
" Change the time." Weave triumphantly
asked if they can only change the day why did
not the convention say "the day;" why did
they say "thetime?" For the simple reason
tliat the constitution of Georgia provides for
elections to be held, not on one day, but on
several consecutive days; and the expression
"change the time" means simply that the
Legislature shall have power by legislative act.
to change the number of days duringwhich an
election may be held,, and perhaps the day on
which it shall begin. It seems to me that noth-
ing can be plainer.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If it were not designed
to give the Legislature power to change the
election to a day subsequent to the termination
of the then existing term, why was it neces-
sary to add the last clause, that they should
hold until their successors arc elected and
qualified ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall come to that pres-
ently, and I think I shall answer the Senator
from Wisconsin. The argument is based upon
the sentence to which the Senator from Wis-
consin has just called my attention, that the
members shall hold until their successors are
elected and qualified. The same provision we
find in the constitution of Georgia with refer-
ence to the Governor, and we find it again in
ihat ordinance which makes rules for the first
election. How is that to be interpreted? I,
for my part, know only one rule of construc-
tion which can be applied to such cases in this
country, and that is the rule in accordance, in
entire consistency with the accepted principles
of republican government. If we found such
a sentence as that in the constitution of a
European kingdom, acting upon monarchical
principles, then, to be sure, it might mean just
that which is contended on the other side; but
finding such a provision in the republican Con-
stitution of a republican State, I think we are
bound to interpret it according to republican
principles. Now, what can it mean? The
Senator from Indiana tells us.:
"If the election is to be held wilUiu tlic first two
years absolutely, as argued by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ti:u jirull, I why wn s it necessary to say that
they should hold oibce until their successors aro
elected and qualified ? Tlmt was put in for the very
purpose of meeting the case where the election was
postponed beyond the two years. If it does not moan
that it does not mean anything, and there is no sense
in it."
Lot us see whether there is really no sense
in it otherwise. In entire consistency with the
principles of republican government it seems
to me that this clause can have only one mean-
ing; and it is this : if by unavoidable accident
a regular election or the qualification of mem-
bers and officers becomes impossible, then, in
order to prevent the interruption of the neces-
sary succession—then, and only then, the incum-
bents shall hold until their successors are clected
and qualified. But what it cannot, under our
generally accepted principles of republican
government mean, is this: that the Legisla-
ture and the State officers should have the
power arbitrarily by their own act to prevent
their successors from being elected and qual-
ified, and thus to continue themselves in office
at their own pleasure. I maintain that, what-
ever the clause may mean, this, certainly, in a
republican country it cannot mean.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest to my
friend, the Senator from Missouri, that he as-
sumes a point which I for one do not concede.
The question with me is whether this is a re-
publican constitution or not; and he assuming
that it is a republican constitution asserts that
this clause must be interpreted so and so.
Mr. SCHURZ. I must confess that I do not
consider the point of the Senator from Wis-
consiii very well taken. It has been doubted
whether this is a republican constitution, and
why? Because an anti-republican construc-
tion was given to this very provision. I never
heard a doubt expressed as to the republican
character of any other clause contained in this
constitution ; none except with regard to this
very point, and except from the assumption that
this point means just this, and nothing else. Is
not that so ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is it not so that in regard
to this, and only this, it has been asserted by
some that this constitution is not republican?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I assert that it is
not republican.
Mr. SCHURZ. If such a construction be
given to this clause that it invests the Legisla-
ture and the State government of Georgia with
theauthoriiyattheirown pleasure, bytheir own
arbitrary act, to continue themselves in office,
then I myself say that this would not be a re-
publican constitution. But I deny the possi-
bility of such a construction.
Mr. HOWE. And now, precisely there,
the honorable Senator says that if he met with
that language in the constitution of a European
Government, in that quarter of the world where
republican institutions are not fashionable, he
would say that it means just what I think it
does.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; I said it could
mean that; but in a republican country I say
boldly it cannot have such a meaning.
Mr. HOWE. Then it still precipitates us
on that question whether Georgia is a repub-
lican country or not.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah! not so. I was just
going to say that admitting, as I believe most
Senators will do, that this on the whole is a
republican country, taking the United States
as a whole, and accustomed to republican insti-
tutions, then in construing public documents
which pretend at least to be of a republican
character we are bound to follow republican
rules of construction. 1 say that to my mind
I find it absolutely impossible to construe this
clausc in a way which would make this consti-
tution the most anti-republican constitution
that ever existed in any State pretending to
republicanism; for if there is anything that is
destructive of republicanism it is just the cir-
cumstance that the legislative as well as the
executive branch of the government could
have the arbitrary power to continue them-
selves in authority by their own act at their
own pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. That is so.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then, sir, I say if this clause
were to be thus construed we, as the Congress
of the United States, would have not only the
right, but it would be our solemn and sworn
duty not to receive this State into the Union
at all until the constitution be expurgated in
this very particular point.
Mr. HOWE. That is true.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then, Mr. President 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator to claim that that provision of the consti-
tution ot Georgia would authorize the Legis-
lature, in case from any accident the election
should not be held on the day fixed by law, to
fix it at some day beyond the term, and there-
fore it was proper to provide that in that case
the members should hold beyond the term,
and until successors are elected and qualified.
Now, suppose it should happen that in the
opinion of that Legislature it was impolitic,
imprudent, unsafe to hold an election at the
proper time, speaking as a mere matter of con-
stitutional power, is there anything in that
constitution which would allow them to do that
thing upon that ground, and not upon the
other?
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I am right in assum-
ing it would be held that the Legislature had no
right to exercise this power unless it was abso-
lutely forced by extraneous circumstances to
exercise it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask one
question. Suppose that in this very case a
state of rebellion exists that makes it unsafe
to have an election, which I maintain does
exist, has not the very case arisen which the
Senator regards as exceptional?
Hf. SCHURZ. Well, sir, as to the con-
struction of such clauses there must necessarily
be some latitude. But it would be held by a
court of justice, I presume, if the Legislature,
at its own pleasure, by its own act, without
any evident, clear, and manifest necessity, per-
petrated any such act as this, the Legislature
had not the constitutional power to do so; but
I have not forgotten the contingency spoken
of by the Senator from Nevada', and 1 shall
refer to that presently.
From whatever point of the compass I may
look at this question, I can come to no other
conclusion but that >the continuation of the
Legislature by its own act, the continuation of
its authority beyond its term of two years, in
violation of the fundamental law of the State
of Georgia, would be an act of gross, palpa-
ble, and flagrant usurpation.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose a state of rev-
olution should exist next fall. Can we pre-
sume affirmatively that no state of revolution,
such as would authorize the Legislature to
postpone the election, can exist next fall? Is
there anything in the state of the case to jus-
tify the presumption that we shall now act so
as to say that at that particular time they shall
not exercise the power to postpone the election,
becausewedo notbelieveit possiblefor astate
of revolution to exist at that time with the facts
before us ?
Mr. SCHURZ. If we should entertain any
apprehension that next fall the skies will fall
in, then we had better all buy umbrellas.
[Laughter.] I say that from whatever point
of the compass I can look at it I can find no
other construction of this constitution, I can
come to no other conclusion but that if tho
Legislature continues its own power by its own
act, at its arbitrary pleasure, it will be a flagrant
act of usurpation. I go further. I say that
if the Congress of the United States counte-
nances such an act, authorizes it, or encour-
ages it, or winks at it with a fall knowledge of
the facts, the issue clearly presented to us, we
being able, to overlook the consequences of
what we do, then the Congress of the United
States will make itself responsible for that act
of usurpation.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator ; but I would ask him if he does
not think there is a greater probability of vio-
lence and revolutionary movements in Georgia
in November next than there is of the falling
in of the skies?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, there may be; but I
do not think we can contemplate in the inter-
pretation of a constitution all sorts of proba-
bilities. If the exigency should actually arise,
then I think it will be time to provide for it,
and we have other means than this.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator again. How can we beforehand pre-
sume conclusively, as this proviso does, that
no such state of things will exist? I say they
may exist because they have existed.
Mr. SCHURZ. We have a right to presume
it may be so, and we have a right to presume it
may not be so ; but that has nothing to do with
the construction of a constitutional provision.
Mr. STEWART. You presume by this
amendment that it will not be so, and you say
they shall hold an election this fall, whether
there is war or pestilence or famine. You fix
a time absolutely when the election shall be
held; you say it shall be held next fall, no
matter what the condition of things may be;
whereas according to the Senator's view there
may be such a condition of things, such a state
of violence that the Legislature would have
power to postpone the election. Now, you pre-
sume beforehand that that condition of things
will not exist next fall, and presume it conclu-
sively and act upon it, when the presumptions
are all the other way that it will exist.
