1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
srni
of the Southern Pacific railroad of California. It is
just as clear that under the law of California alone
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company has not au-
thority to construct its road upon the line designated
by its map filed 3d January, 1807."
Then the report goes on to consider whether
it has any such authority under the act of Con-
gress, and the report concludes upon that point
that it has no such authority; that the act of
Congress treats it as a California corporation,
having all its authority and powers under the
act of that State, and having none outside of
it for the purposes of the question under dis-
cussion.
Now, sir, while all this controversy was going
on, and while the railroad company was with-
out law or color of law selecting great bodies
of the best lands to be found anywhere within
one hundred miles of its route in the State of
California, and having them withdrawn illegally
and invalidly in the Land Office, there was of
course a great deal of attention directed to the
subject in the State. The character of that
withdrawal was generally understood, and the
result was that in addition to a great body of
settlers who were on the lands at the time of the
withdrawal, which the report of the Secretary
of the Interior, sent here last December on my
motion, states at nearly twenty-one hundred on
the odd and even sections taken together, a
considerable numberof persons, the number of
whom cannot easily be ascertained, went upon
the lands subsequent to the withdrawal. They
went upon them because they understood the
withdrawal to be utterly worthless for any pur-
pose of affecting the status of those lands or
their rights as settlers under the land laws of
the United States. Were they not right?
Whether that withdrawal was valid or not was
a question of law ; and settlers who went'upon
the lands after the withdrawal and in spite of it,
of course took the risk of that question of law.
If the withdrawal was good in law, they lost
their possessions ; if it was invalid in law, they
held their possessions. Why did they hold
them ? Because those lands in that event were
public lands of the United States, and they had
a right to go upon them and to occupy them.
Under the provisions of our land laws, and
according to their terms, they had a right to go
upon them and to settle upon them at the mini-
mum price of SI 25 an acre as preemptors, or
gratuitously, if I hey went on for the purpose
of homestead occupation. There is no ques-
tion as to the rights of the settlers who were
on the lands at the time of the withdrawal. Of
course there can b'e none.
Whatever rights the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company had to the lands of which we
are speaking it derived under the eighteenth
section of the act of I860. I refer to the act
which chartered the Atlantic and Pacific rail-
road. By that section the same amount of
lands was granted to the Southern Pacific as
had been granted to the Atlantic and Pacific,
and upon the same terms, limitations, and con-
ditions ; in other words, they were granted ten
sections to the mile on each side within the
boundaries of a State and twenty sections to
the mile on each side within the boundaries
of any Territory, in all cases saving and reserv-
ing the rights of all settlers at the time the
withdrawal of the lands should take effect.
Consequently, there is no controversy as to the
rights of that class of settlers.
My colleague has brought in an amendment
to this jointresolution for the purpose of saving
the rights of that class of settlers. That amend-
ment is unnecessary, is a mere superfluity. It
appears to accomplish something, but it accom-
plishes nothing. * It is a mere repetition of the
law as it stood and as it stands. The settlers,
I repeat, who were on the lands at the time ol
the withdrawal want no legislation. They have
it already in the law of 1866, under which the
railroad company derived any title to these
lands. The class of settlers who are in peril
unless the Senate saves them, are those who
went upon the lands after this pretended with-
drawal : and it is for them that I am pleading
this evening. After diligent inquiry, both at
the Land Office and elsewhere, I am unable to
ascertain the number of those settlers. We
may estimate them in a general way from the
number of those who were on the lands at
the time of the withdrawal as they are given to
us in the report of the Secretary of the Interior
last December. He says on page 1 of his
report:
"The number of settlers on the lands included
within the withdrawal are. on odd-numbered sec-
tions, nine hundred and thirty-six; on even-numbered
sections, eleven hundred and thirty-one; total, two
thousand and sixty-seven."
Since this report was made an additional
numberof two hundred and sixteen settlers on
the even sections has been ascertained, which
makes the total number of settlers who are
protected by the law as it stood at the time of
the withdrawal, twenty-two hundred and eighty-
three. The total number of settlers on the odd
sections, that is the railroad sections, at the
time of the withdrawal, was nine hundred and
thirty-six. I should say that a large estimate
of the settlers who have gone upon the same
class of sections since, would not make more
(ban one half of the number of those who were
on the odd sections at the time of the with-
drawal, say about five hundred; but if the
number of settlers since the withdrawal is
equal to the number before the withdrawal, it
would be less than one thousand; and if each
of these thousand men took up one hundred
and sixty acres, what would be the sum total?
It would be one hundred and sixty thousand
acres.
Mr. COLE. Will my colleague allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. In the remarks that were sub-
mitted by my colleague the other day he stated
in reference to these same settlers as follows:
"There is no doubt, I think, that these figures
inolude only the'settters who went upon the lands
previous to the illegal withdrawal. This must be
so because of the rule in the Land Office. That rule,
as is known to most Senatois, is that upon with-
drawal made for railroad purposes all settlements
or proceedings for settlement are not recognized,
at least upon the railroad sections."
I will ask my colleague if he has any inform-
ation that any of the settlers spoken of are
persons who have settled there claiming under
homestead or preemption rights since the with-
drawal of the lands ? I will state in the same
connection that I know of none. Not oue has
appealed to me. If my colleague has such
information, he can present it to the Senate.
I took it from the remark made by my colleague
the other day that all the settlers were persons
who, as he then stated, had settled prior to the
withdrawal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I find some difficulty in
making myself heard in consequence of the
state of my voice. I think my colleague—
perhaps it may be owing to the state of my
voice—could hardly have understood what I
was saying just now. I stated the other day,
from the report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior made to us last December, that a certain
number of settlers had gone upon the lands in
question. My colleague compares what I have
just said with what I said when I last spoke
on this question. He reads what I then said,
and what he reads is exactly what I have
just said, that the settlers specified in the
report of the Secretary of the Interior made
here in December last at over two thousand,
divided almost equally between the odd sec-
tions and the even sections, were undoubtedly
settlers who were upon the lands at the time
of the withdrawal. Iso stated, I so inferred,
because of the rule, as I mentioned the other
day, in the Land Office, that after a withdrawal
settlements upon the lands,' the odd sections
at least, are not recognized in the Land Office.
Hence I inferred, and I had a right to infer,
that the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in speaking of settlers, dealt only with set-
tlers who were recognized as such in the Land
Office.
But, sir, there is not any doubt in my mind
from what I have&ear'd, atid if I were at lib-
erty to disclose private conversations the Sen-
ate would be satisfied that there is" a very con-
siderable number of persons whb'have gone ks
settlers upon the odd sections since the with;
drawal. But admit that my colleague is right
when he says that in his judgment there are nO
such settlers, can there be any possible objec-
tion to adopting my amendment? If there are
no settlers there to be protec'.ed it is true tay
amendment may be a superfluity, but it can
do no harm. It takes nothing from the rail-
road company; it does no injury anywhere.
Mr. COLE. My colleague misquotes me a
little; perhaps not intentionally. I stated that
I had received no information from anybody
that there were settlers who had gone on,
claiming under homestead and preemption
rights, since the withdrawal.
Mr. CASSERLY. My information is not
like the information of my colleague; and this
is the first time I have heard the fact ques-
tioned. But, as I said, not intending to repeat,
if there are no settlers there the amendment
is at least innocent; the most that can be said
about is that it is inoperative. Why object to
it? Of the large possessions which this grant
is to vest in the railroad company, my amend-
ment will not take from them one square foot,
and it was not worth while to compel me to
occupy the time of (he Senate in contending
for it.
Why should there be any hesitation on the
part of this great company, which is receiving
from eight to ten million acres of land which
are among the finest in that State, so fertile
and so rich as it is—why should there be any
hesitation on the part of the company, at the
moment when Congress bestows upon it as a
free gift from seven to eight million acres, in
accepting an amendment which saves the right
of eight hundred or a thousand people to the
extent of one hundred and sixty thousand
acres? Why, sir, it is not a drop in the bucket
of this grant. To those people it is their all.
The policy of this country, which has been so
much spoken of in reference to these land
questions, so far as it has favored and pro-
tected the settler, is the older and the better
policy. It is the policy which has done so
much for the growth and the power of the
country west of the Alleghatiies. It has bnilt
up what is so justly known as the great West,
It is that policy which I invoke now for this
handful of people and the little body of land
which they occupy, each for himself and his
family, in the hour in which the Senate is
asked to validate, to make good to this com-
pany the munificent grant of land which is
affected by this measure. Can any good rea-
son be given why such an amendment should
not be adopted?
It is said, so often said as to become trite,
that corporations have no souls. I do not
think so ill of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company as to believe that if it understood as
I understand this ease and the facts of it, and
as I hope to make the Senate understand the
facts and merits before this debate is closed,
it would hesitate in granting what I ask. And
shall Senators who are judging of this matter
for the common weal, for the general good,
not swayed by passion, by interest, or by un-
due favor, hesitate to do what in my judgment
the company itself could not refuse, if the
facts were fairly put before it. If it is a wise
company it will not refuse it; itcannotafford to
arouse the hostilities of a thousand men along
its line who feel that they have been robbed of
what belongs to them "for the benefit of the
company.
Sir, there is no man in this Senate, not one
of the Senators who have been foremost m
pressing this measure and in resisting my
amendment, who has a stronger interest m the
speedy construction of the Southern Pacific
railroad, nor greater good will to it, than 1
have. It will be of important service to the
