18*70.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Rogers.
Ho, of Reps.
law required or demanded, and there is no
appeal from their acts of lawless tyranny.
Why, sir. in the county in which I reside there
are about two thousand white male citizens. At
the registration, when the constitution was voted
upon, nine hundred were allowed to vote, and
at the last election the number was cut down
to six hundred. Surely a system that will allow
of such wrongs should be at once blotted out,
or so modified that the voice of thepeople shall
not be stifled under the tyranny of a minority,
and that minority representing neither the vir-
tue, the wealth, nor the intelligence of those
communities; that popular elections shall not
be made a fraud and a sham, and that "repre-
sentative government" shall be no gilded term
set as a snare to rob the people of their rights
and liberties.
But, to say nothing more about the '' wrongs''
complained of, we need the influence of these
men now shut out in our elections ; we need
their influence in the body-politic, for society
would be made better and Government purer
by their influence and aid. There is no reason
there can be no reason urged against these
people being restored to the rights of citizens.
In saying that a system which admits of such
wrongs should be set aside or modified I do
not mean to set aside reconstruction. That is
a fixed fact, and under it most of the States
have been brought into peaceful relations with
the Government, and X have no wish to disturb
them. But we can now remedy the wrongs that
have grown out of the system, and which, dur-
ing the heat of passion attendant upon such a
fearful war, were suffered to be inflicted upon
our people. How can this be done? is the
question before us, and which I will endeavor
to make plain before I close. It is not that
the negro lias been enfranchised that we object,
for we recognize him as a citizen, if not as a
"brother." But when the object is to subor-
dinate my own race to the control of the blacks,
emerging as they are from slavery and barbar-
ism, by maintaining this sweeping disfranchise-
ment of the intellect and good character for
mere partisan motives, then I think it time that
all good men everywhere should speak out
boldly against it. It is not a question, only
incidentally, whether the white race is superior
to the black or not: and certainly there can be
found no champions, even amid the most pre-
scriptive, and certainly none among the liberal
defenders of the Republican party, who would
advocate a policy that would have the tendency
to enslave the intellect and brains of the coun-
try to the J uggernaut of ignorance and bestiality.
The men who fought and fell at Lexington,
at Trenton, at Brandywine and Yorlttown, cer-
tainly never intended such a fate to rest upon
their descendants. Then let us pass this bill,
that it maybe proclaimed everywhere that this
is indeed '• the land of the free." Butgentle-
men may say we want further guarantees, that
it will not do to trust " rebels." Is there any
force in this objection? A brave people may
always be trusted, and surely there is no one
in this House who will say the people of the
South were wanting in manly courage. The
history of the recent war, from the time old
Sumter's guns awoke the nation to the dread
realities of war until Lee at Appomattox sur-
rendered to Grant, attests this fact. Ay, sir !
a braver people never trod the green earth than
those of the South. Only let the Government
base its dealings with thein upon principles of
right, and my word for it, the people of my
own sunny land will not give you trouble.
It may be a3ked, Is there no law to govern
these registrars? Yes ! there is a law, but it
virtually amounts to nothing. They are ap-
pointed in most instances by the Governor,
and the instructions of the Governor become
almost the supreme law on the subject; so
that whatever is willed by the Governor is exe-
cuted by the registrars; and thus the suffrage
and political rights of the people are at the
mercy and dictum of one man. If a man
applies for registration, and it is thought best
for the success of the party to register him, it
is done; but if there are any doubts on the
party subject there will be found reasons in
abundance for his disfranchisement. But an-
other cause of complaint is that the govern-
ment of many of these States is not " repub-
lican" in form nor in spirit. The constitution
of my own State provides that in case the
Legislature shall not provide for an election
the Governor shall appoint the various offi-
cers. Fearing that if the people were allowed
to vote they might not sustain the dominant
party, the Legislature failed to make provision
for an election. So under the organic law the
Governor has the disposal of almost all the
offices in the State, and with this power the
lives and liberties of the people are in his
hands. The power of the Governor is supreme,
and can be swayed with more absolutism than
is vested in the queen of England. He can
raise up and put down, can makeand unmake at
pleasure. His registrars can allow the whole
black race to vote and deny the right to those
of the white, who even under this law are enti-
tled to this boon. If hard pressed, and he is
confronted with fear of defeat, he withdraws
his registrars from counties opposed to his
party, or issues his proclamation declaring that
the vote of certain counties shall be set aside,
thereby defrauding entire communities of any
voice in this representative government of
which we boast.
It may be said that riot and disturbance in
those counties justify this action. This objec-
tion does not hold good. If disturbance exists,
if there is resistance to the constituted author-
ities, it is the duty of the Governor to put down
all such and protect every man entitled to vote
under the law in the exercise of this right.
But, sir, these alleged disturbances, in most
instances, are manufactured to order, and dealt
out to the people of this nation for this sole and
only reason, that of keeping up this proscrip-
tion and feeding the fires of jealousy, bitter-
ness, and distrust lighted amid the glare of
rebellion, and only kept burning that some
may fatten, even if done amid the corpses of
the slain.
Grant you that these reports are true for the
sake of the argument; think you that eight mil-
lion people can rest quietly under such ivrongs
as 1 have pointed out? No, sir. The only
wonder is that they have been borne so meekly.
State governments have been formed in many
instances from the class of population that
have had no interest with the people of the
State and whose only object was to feed and
revel upon what they could wring from the
people. Heavy burdens of taxation have been
laid by those who never pay a cent toward the
revenues, and in the State ot Arkansas, that
I have the honor to represent, the people are
crashed under a tax of six per cent, on all the
property of the State. And this appraisement
is made and the tax levied and coli'ected by a
horde of cormorants whose salary is dependent
upon and whose opportunities for plunder is
only limited by the amount they can extort
from the people. And I understand that even
this condition is considered favorable to that
existing in other States.
Under this state of affairs a horde of hungry
adventurers, native and foreign to those States,
have suddenly appeared among us, and look-
ing as eagerly as those who of old went down
to spy out the "land of milk and honey." They
come not to till the soil, to obtain homes, to
ply their trades, or engage in honorable profes-
sions ; bntthey come with an insatiate de-
sire and greed for office. They get the census
returns, and they make inquiries in what por-
tions of the State there are to be found the
largest negro population, and when this in-
formation is obtainedtheir footsteps intuitively
seek those localities. They are next seen in
the cabins of the low, the ignorant, and undis-
criminating, and by appealing to their pas-
sions, their fears, their prejudices, and their
superstitions they goon teach the poor deluded
colored men to hate all those with whom they
have lived, and in fact all who are so unfortu-
nate as to have been born and raised in the
South. The poorfreedman, just released from
a degrading servitude, incapable of reasoning,
is lured by mystic signs and oaths into leagues
and. clans, and marched to the polls to vote
without knowing the names of the candidates
on his ticket or the principles they represent.
Partisan guards examine their tickets for them
and prompt them that they may not forget the
names by which they registered. And after
the day is done and the votes counted some
alien, it may be, who has never lived a day in
the county, is unknown to any and all who
have the interests of the country at heart, is
declared to have been elected as a senator or
legislator for these people.
And this, Mr. Speaker and Representatives,
is what is called "popular elections" and the
" purity of the ballot-box." The lucky fellow
who has thus been the recipient of such marked
esteem and confidence (?) from his "fellow-citi-
zens" is soon seen shedding his threadbare
garments, and in the Legislature, or in these
Halls, you will hear him loudly heralding forth
his " loyalty." If defeated he forthwith gives
notice of contest; and it makes no difference
how great the majority against him he charges
his opponent with being a rebel, and demands
that his party shall give him the seat. You
can see him hanging around this Hall, dealing
in terrible invective against all classes South
except his poor deluded and duped colored
friends. In many instances he does not even
pretend to have any testimony to support his
own claims, but cries, liebel 1 rebel! traitor!
traitor! Kuklux! and such like. Failing to
get his seat he takes his flight to other scenes,
leaving disconsolatehispoorcolored friends, to
whom he promised " forty acres and a mule."
Again, sir, this system has filled the offices
of the State with men ignorant and irrespons-
ible, who have been selected solely on ac-
count of their color. It has made it a badge
of disgrace to be a white man, and we see the
highest offices of the Government sold in the
shambles of the public market, and the people
stand crying and pleading for redress; while
these Legislatures are wrangling over which
negro they will place upon the supreme judi-
cial bench or send to the United States Snate;
nothing said of merit, of ability, of integrity, of
moral worth, of scholastic attainments, and of
intellectual acquirements and fitness for the
position. Not a word of all these ; only one
test—color.
This picture is not overdrawn. I find the
hand too weak to paint in all their enormities
the fearful shadows that hang like portending
tempests of doom upon the hopes and pros-
perity of my people. Then, sir, let this House
take prompt action on the measure here pre-
sented.
Mr. Speaker, let me not be misunderstood.
We do not object to men of the North, East,
or West coming among us. If they come to
unite their fortune with ours ; if they come to
bring their household goods and gods and rear
their home-altars with ours; if they come to
pluck riches from our bountiful soil; if they
come to engage in any and all the honored
professions of labor ; if they come to add their
stores of wealth, of energy, education, indus-
try, and power of thought to our society, we
will bid them welcome with open hands and
hearts; and when they have identified them-
selves with us, become citizens of our State,
we will honor them as in days gone by, and
know them only as citizens of a common coun-
try having a common destiny and fame. _ We
need such from your abundance of material iu
the North, and there ore no grander fields than
