2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
March 18,
. Mr.. SCHURZ. No, sir; I do. notpresume
that ai all. I did not say any such, thing. For
all X know, revolutionary eirqumstances way
arise before next fall in the Stat© of Georgia.
Mr. STJSWAB'f. . Does not the amendpaent
presume that,-when it takes away the power?
No^,, as I understand the Senator's position,
it is this: that this power may be exercised in
extreme emergencies;' that if there was revo-
lution, if it was impossible to hold an election,
the Legislature might exercise its discretion
and fix the election at some other time. Now,
when we take away this power which the,Legis-
lature has for extraordinary emergencies and
say that the election shall be held upon a par;
ticular day, do we not presume in advance,
conclusively, that that condition of things will
not arise at that time ? „
Mr. SCHURZ. Inasmuch as the Senator
from Nevada has not occupied any time yet to
lay his. views on this subject before the Senate,
[laughter,] I am very glad that he takes part
of my time for the purpose of doing so. But
1 will tell him that this provisiQn in the bill
does not rest ljpon any presumption at all.
This provision in the bill is based upon a view
of constitutional principles, and upon nothing
else.
Mr. STEWART. Does it not say that the
election shall occur next fall, rain or shine,
war, pestilence, or famine to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. SCHURZ., It does not say anything
about war or pestilence ; it has nothing what-
ever to do with it.
Mr. STEWART. The Bingham amendment
says expressly that the election shall be held
next fall, whether it rains or shines, whether
there be a revolution or not, and that takes
away the power of the Legislature to change
the time of election when there is revolution.
Jili-. SCHURZ. To repeat what I have
already stated, it says exactly what the con-
stitution of Georgia says, nothing more and
nothing less; and it has nothing whatever to
do with presumptions. If the Senator from
Nevada wishes to make any further argument
upon that point I hope he will do, so after
1 am through. To what he has said I shall
reply in the course of my remarks.
It has struck me in the course of the debate
thtit Senators advocating the continuation in
power of the State government in Georgia,
when the question-was straightforwardly put
to them, were rather inclined to squirm and
equivocate in their answers whether it was
really contemplated that the State government
should be continued in power for another two
years. 1 must confess, knowing as wo do that
the act of usurpation is contemplated, openly
avowed, and never denied, Ishould have con-
sidered it a far more manly, straightforward
course to say, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] has done, "law or no law,
we want to keep this State government in
power,1' as I am ready to say here straight-
forwardly and boldly, inasmuch as my views
of the law are as I have stated them. I am
opposed ■ to the illegal continuation of that
Legislature by any aet of ours.
It is said that our refusal to perpetuate the
Legislature of Georgia will throw that State
into the hands of the enemies of the loyal men.
If the Senator from Nevada will now give me
his attention, I think I shall touch, the point
he has been with so much anxiety and urgency
pressing upon me. I will admit that that is a
question of very great importance;, but I ask
the Senator, have we, in providing against that
contingency, no Constitution to respect, have
we no laws to observe? Shall we violate both
before inquiring for any other means of redress?
Let us look this matter straight in the face. If
it is true that in Georgia to-day the laws can-
not be enforced, that the life and the property
of citizens cannot be protected, that the power
of the Government is successfully set at. naught,
there is a very simple remedy. Then it is our
right and it is our duty to declare that State in
ft State of insurrection, and without circumlocu-
tion hand it over to military rule.
If after the admission of that State a similar
condition of thiiigs should arise, is not the
remedy equally simple ? There is Governor
Bullock, there is his Legislature, and accord-
ing to the Constitution of the United States
they have a perfect right to call upon the Pres-
ident of the United States for military inter-
ference ; and I am sure there would not be one
single Republican on this floor who wonld stay
the hand of our national Chief Executive. Jf
it is apprehended that the election will be con-
trolled by the rebel element, will be interfered
with by force or by intimidation, well, then, is
the State government in Georgia paralyzed?
Is there no Governor there and no Legisla-
ture? They are asking for time. The election
is to come off next November and to-day is the
18th of March. They may hold a session of
the Legislature in April. They have months
upon months,to pass the necessary laws, and
the Governor has months upon months to make
the necessary preparations for their enforce-
ment. Is he an imbecile, that he should not
bo able to do that in months which is done by
others in great emergencies in as many days?
And, after all, is Congress powerless ? Is
the constitutional authority which was put in
our hands by the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments to provide for their en-
forcement by appropriate legislation—is that
nothing? Do we doubt our power, or is there
any reason to doubt our willingness to promptly
pass all the laws necessary for that purpose ?
Is not the power of the national Government,
wielded by a President such as wo have, am-
ply sufficient and strong enough to execute
the laws with vigor and decision? Docs that
answer the Senator lrom Nevada? I ask you,
are we indeed reduced to that pitiable ex-
tremity of declaring that we can protect the
citizens of the United States in their rights,
only by a violation of the Constitution and the
laws, instead of their enforcement? Heaven
forbid that we should condescend to make so
degrading, so fatal an acknowledgment! Let
Republican Senators advocating that course
Df. policy well pause and consider. They speak
of party interest.
Sir, the conscience of the American people
willingly accepted many a stretch of power as
long as the life of the nation was in danger.
But lot no man deceive himself. The con-
science of the American people has by no
means become insensible to a wanton disre-
gard of the laws. You mean to preserve by
this act party ascendency in one single State
of this Union. Why, Senators, if you have
read the history of this country witli profit you
will have learned that it is by just such acts
that party ascendency is lost in the nation.
Such acts are very rarely performed with impu-
nity ; and when you come at last to strike the
balancc, having jeopardized your ascendenc3rin
the nation for a local success, I ask you what
will be your profit in proportion to your loss?
But I am not speaking of party ascendency
alone. We all are willing, we all are anxious
to protect the loyalists aud the freedmen of the
South. I mast confess that I listened the other
dav to the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Air. Revels,] when he spoke of the past and
present condition of his race, with a profound
interest, I honor him for his solicitude. I do
not pretend to have been one of the most
efficient advocates of the liberation of his race;
but I may say that I certainly was not the least
zealous and the least sincere : and now in ad-
vocating the course of policy I have laid before
the Senate to-day, it is not in disregard of their
interests, but what I say is a plea for their own
welfare.
Have Senators considered in what condition
they arc about to place the very persons for
whose safety they mean to provide? Have
they considered the consequences of imposing
a set of usurpers upon the neck of an unruly
people'under circumstances like these ? Have
they considered not only how many enemies
they are going to exasperate, but how many
friends they are going to disgust and turn into
enemies by such a policy ? Have they con-
sidered what authority a State government is
likely to wield the legality of whoso power is
rightfully denied by its enemies, and most
seriously doubted, nay, more than doubted,
even by its friends? Have they considered what
it means to put into the hands of those who to-
day are still under the ban of public opinion as
rebels the formidable weapon of a cause which
by ninety-nine hundredths of the American
people will be admitted to be the cause of just
constitutional principles? Have they consid-
ered what it will lead to if they enable those
from whose turbulent and lawless spirit there is
so much to fear to clothe their very acts of sedi-
tion into the color of a justifiable resistance
to a usurpation of government? Have they
considered that the very means by which they
intend to curb the spirit of violence which is
abroad in the South is more than anything else
calculated to vitalize and to envenom and to
inflame that spirit? Have, they considered
that the very performance of such an act will
be like a bugle-blast for the KLuklux Klan in
the South, and will call recruits for the work
of evil out of every neighborhood there? Have
they considered, finally, what kind of a pre-
cedent they are about to set, and how they by
such acts despoil us of the most potent means
by which we can avert the consequences of such
a precedent—I mean our moral power over
the people? I repeat, sir, Senators would do
well to stop and consider calmly before they
venture upon so ruinous and short-sighted a
policy.
We have had time enough to study the con-
dition of things in the South. "We ought now
at last to be prepared to abandon all our old
delusions and to understand its philosophy.
There is nothing particularly strange in what
we see in the "late rebel States. Every rebellion
from the beginning of history to the present
day has had its epilogue, and those epilogues
have certain characteristic features which are
almost invariably the same, or similar at least
uuder similar circumstances. When a rebellion
is defeated some of those who took part in it
will, as soon as their first discouragement is
overcome, try by any meanswithin their reach
to regain something of what they have lost.
To this end, impelled by vague illusions and
false hopes, they will indulge in foolish, reck-
less, adventurous, oftentimes criminal at-
tempts. They will try again and again, until it
becomes evident that all the means at their
disposal are absolutely insufficient to upset and
overturn a new order of things well secured.
Then the more reasonable of them will stop,
and those who have great material interests at
stake will join the law and order party, for the
purpose of suppressing those who still disquiet
and disturb society by repeating excesses which
are reckless, criminal, and at the same time
useless for their ends and dangerous to all.
So it always has been under similar circum-
stances, and so it is now at the South.
It will not surprise me at all if most of the
southern States should have to pass through
a process of second fermentation. You can-
not prevent that altogether, neither by legis-
lative enactment nor by executive measures.
It is one of those processes which will work
themselves out, just like fevers, which have to
pass through a crisis before they can be finally
cured. You may aggravate that process by
an interference too violent; and you may also
facilitate and accelerate it by methods that are
adapted to the pathological character of the
case. I know well that this process appears
grievously slow to us, and it appears much
more so to those in the South who have to
sulfer under it. But if we are wise we shall
at last make up our minds to the faet that the
real evil there does not oonsist in this man's or
that man's possessing political power, but that
it there consists in the inveterate habits, opin-
