3008
gm^OOTORESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Committee of Ways sad Meansin wh*t cldss ifi-
cation oftbe present law this oval, half-aval, and
half-round iron is to be found. He pretended
to tell me, bat he could not do it. It is not
classified in the old law at all, but is embraced
in iron not enumerated, and pays a- duty of
86 per cent, ad valorem. The chairmau of the
Committee of Ways and Means proposes that
in this bill it shall pay a duty of If cents a
pound, and yet says that it is not increasing the
rates.
These are the facts. Now, if gentlemen of
the Committee of Ways and Means have so
much experience and so much informatioA,
and are so ready to impart knowledge to the
Committee of the Whole and the House at all
times, I want them to - explain to me upon
what information they reported these para-
graphs proposing a doty of If cents per pound
on rods and; wire rods and a duty of 1J cents
per pound on oval, half-oval, and half-round
iron, and upon what information they -now pro-
pose to put the two together under the duty If
cents. When they were asked to tell the class-
ification of these articles in the existing law
they could not tell anything about it. They
were notclassified together before. They were
separate and distinct. They were classified
before and ought to be now among iron not
enumerated elsewhere as at. 35- per cent, ad
valorem. Now it is proposed to put If cents
per pound on-it. I think myself 1 cent per
pound is sufficient on this kind of iron. It is
plenty. If you will take the classification of
oval and half-oval iron as heretofore, and on
rods and wire #odsr heretofore of this size and
the tariff as now reported, to the House, you
will find a material increase in the rates of
duty. I think a fair division would be 1 cent
per pound. It would be plenty. I will vote
for the amendment reducing the two sections
to one and to make tho rate at 1J- cents per
pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I am very
willing toplay the part of schoolmaster to my
friend from Illinois, yet 1 do not get much en-
couragement from the brightness of my pupil.
-1 will do the best I can, and one of the-diffi-
culties tbosewho urge others up the steep which
leads to the'top of the hill of science have, to
encounteris they Lave to repeat agaia and again
the lesson. So in this case. ' I will' repeat
what I said before in the committee. There
has been no proposition to condense these two
paragraphs together. We have offered an
amendment to the first paragraph, and I took
the pains when I first proposed it to explain
that the committee will propose when we reach
the second paragraph to make a correspond-
ing "amendment there. Rods and wire rods
now pay 1J cents per pound. There are ovals,
half ovals, and half round which ought to be
classified, in the opinion of the committee,
from information we have, with rods and wire
rods which are left to fall among the non-
enumerated articles at an ad valorem rate of
duty.
Mr. LOGAN. At what rate?
Mr. SCHENCK.' - Thirty-five per cent.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I said.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman talked of
the condensation of these two paragraphs into
one, which has never been proposed. In order
that the gentleman may understand I will read
the first paragraph as it is in the bill:
On rods and wire rods, leas than five sixteenths of
an inch diameter or square, 11 cents per pound.
We have proposed an amendment, to insert
after the word "rods'' the words "oval, half
oval, and half round;" so it will then read:
On rods and wire rods; oral, half-oval, and half-
round iron, less than five sixteenths of an inch diam-
eter or square, It cents per pound.
Then I advised* the committee if that pre-
vailed I was instructed by the Committee of
Ways and Means, when we came to the next
paragraph, to strike out the words "all sizes
of," and insert "rods and wire rods;" and
after the word " iron'' the words " more than
firo sixteenths of an inch diameter or square
so it will then read:
On rods and wire rods, oval, half-oval, and half-
round iron, more than five sixteenths of an inch
diameter or square, lj cents per pound.
Thus it will be perceived we put one part
at 1-J- cents per pound and the other at If
cents per: pound. We make a distinction be-
tween that over five sixteenths of an inch
diameter or square and that less than five six-
teenths of an inch diameter or square. There
is no distinction now. If the gentleman will
listen I will read the two paragraphs as they
will stand if our amendments are adopted:
On rods and wire rods, oval, half oval, and half
round, less than five sixteenths of an inch diameter
or square, II cents per pound.
On rods and wire rods, oval, half-oval, and half-
round iron, more than five sixteenths of an inch
diameter or square, cents £«r pound. ,
Wp put dne at 1J cents per ponnd and theother
at If cents per pound. I have taken great pains
now to read it all over in connection, thus re-
peating the lesson, line npon line and precept
upon precept; and I submit to the committee
if when I thus elaborately attemptto explain the
matter it is proper to insist that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means do not know what they
are about. We think we have some glimmer-
ing acquaintance with the subject, and we have
reduced th ear tides to this shape, and in this
shape present them and it is nob our fault
that a vote upon only one amendment can be
taken at a time. The amendment to one para-
graph has Already been adopted, and while we
are waiting to conform to it the other para-
graph, by providing for that which is more
than five sixteenths of an inch in diameter, as
we have provided for that which is less than
five sixteenths of an inch, there comes .in an-
other amendment from a source outside of the
committee to .reduce the rate of doty from If
centa to 1$ cents, and then there is an amend-
ment to that amendment to make it cents.
After the committee shall have vetted upon
these amendments we will come to the next
paragraph, and I shall then propose anramend-
ment to make the two paragraphs consistent
with each other.
The question was on agreeing to Mr. Kebb's
amendment to- the amendment, to make the
duty 1J cents per pound.
The committee divided; and there were-^-
ayes 56, noes 67.
Mr. KERR called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scotield
and Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 56, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Lynch'3 amendment, to strikeout "If cents"
and insert " eents."
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking oat " 1J- cents" and
inserting "2 cents."
There was only one word further which I
wanted to say about that table. In quoting it
I should have said the Thomas Iron Works
instead of the Allentown Iron Works. Now,
I have admitted all the mistakes that I made.
When I made them I quoted the authority.
I laid it before the House. My speech was
printed, and I sent it to every member of the
House. I have dealt candidly with the House.
If I have made any errors they were errors in
calculation and estimation. And now I want
to ask the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Hill] whether be meant to charge or to insin-
uate that in what I laid before the House I was
guilty of any want of candor?
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to this matter
being entered into. I do not think it is in
order that there should be a discussion between
the gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman
from New Jersey as to what the latter gentle-
man meant to insinuate.
Mr. NEGLEY. If the gentleman from Ohio
is bringing forth fruits meet for repentance I
think the House should hear. him.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] has the floor. He
must proceed in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
New Jersey may answer the question or not as
he pleases.
Mr. HILL. I attempted to answer the ques-
tion, but was called to order. I will state, Mr.
Chairman, that this quotation from the gentle-
man's speech which he made on the 28th of
March 
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
gentleman from New Jersey is not speaking
under the rules.
Mr. HILL. Well, sir, the quotation I will
again repeat 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair again calls
the gentlpman to order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I must say that the gen-
tlemen on this side of the tariff question are very
generous. Mr. Chairman, I say that I have
dealt fairly and candidly with thisHouse. I say
that the extract from my speech was garbled,
not by the gentleman from New Jersey, though
he says in his speech that he got it from the
Globe ; but he admits to me that he took it as
it was sent to him by the iron-masters.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, is this in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am discussing the
cost of pig iron. [Laughter.] Thepiggiest-
headed pig knows that all iron is made of pig
iron.
Mr. HILL. The extract which I read was
taken from the gentleman's speech. He stated
distinctly 
Mr. STEVENSON. I call the gentleman to
order. • He cannot speak in my time unless he
answers my question.
Mr. COVODE. To .end this I move that
the committee rise.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman has not
the floor for that purpose. I want to talk about
the cost of pig iron. This Lehigh Iron Manu-
facturing Company——
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to & question of
order. I insist that the gentleman shall not
enter upon a discussion of pig iron iu debating
this question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the Chair rule
that I cannot discuss the cost of pig iron in
connection with the cost of the class of iron
embraced in the pending paragraph ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Cbair so rales. And
the Chair begs to state in addition that the gen-
tleman's time has expired. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [ilr. Kelley} is recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
recall, if possible, this discussion to the mat-
ter appropriate to the consideration of the
committee. I believe we are at lines three
hundred and thirty-nine and three hundred
:and forty.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is the motion ?
Mr. KELLEY. And the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] who inquires what is
the motion, has moved to increase the duty
from If cents to 2 cents a pound. I riae to op-
pose that amendment, ana to suggest that if
the committee will consider what the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have reported I believe
they will adopt it as it stands in the bill. And
for once I am happy to be able to say that Penn-
sylvania is a disinterested party. 1 rise to plead
the cause of New England.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. KELLEY. I am not out of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to make my
point of order to the Chair^ aot to the gentle-
man. My point of order is that the genSeman
is not discussing the pending motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I think not, and if yon will
hear the next sentence yon will agree with me.
