1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3009
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman is not
discussing the question now.
Mr. KELLEY. I am discussing the ques-
tion of wire rods five sixteenths of an inch diam-
eter or square, as they are designated in the bill,
and wire rods of any other dimensions, and
they are named in the paragraph under discus-
sion to which the gentlemau offered his amend- i
nient, and if that is not in order, I ask the |
Chair or the gentleman from Ohio to tell me j
what would be. j
The CHAIRMAN. That is entirely In order, j
Mr. KELLEY. I hold in my hand the Iron :
Age—which I have had occasion to cite more
than once—the issue of April 21,18T0, with the
prices-current for iron, and I find that the price
of wire rods five sixteenths of an inch was $103
per ton, and iron rods three sixteenths of an
inch was $120 per ton, and I rose for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the committee
to the fact that if they will take their pencils
iu hand and calculate the rate proposed by the
committee in the paragraph under discussion
and the next paragraph they will find that it
proposes a duty of precisely 35 per cent., which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Coi] to-
day proposed as a fair duty upon such articles.
Mr. COX. No; I did not propose it as a
fair dut^.
Mr. KELLEY. A duty on rods and wire rods
less than five sixteenths of an inch diameter
or square of If cents per pound gives you, as
calculated by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Stevens,] a little over Co per cent.
The duty in the next paragraph on all sizes of
oval, half-oval, and half-round iron, 1J cents
per pound, is a little under 35 per cent. So
that the average duty is precisely 35 per cent,
on these advanced articles of iron; and I op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from
the Cincinnati district of Ohio to raise them
to 2 cents a pound. 1 ask the committee to
stand by the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means and fix them at 35 per cent., and
not raise them. I conclude by remarking that
I think the eloquence, the fervid and burning
eloquence of the gentleman from Ohio misled
the Chair when he ruled that I was not in order
in speaking of wire rods.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call the gentleman
to order. He has no right to discuss the ruling
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
inform the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
he did not so rule. His ruling had reference to
the remarks of the gentleman in relation to
Pennsylvania-and New England.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg the Chair's pardon.
Mr. STEVENSON. That was all he had
said when he was called to order.
Mr. COX. I renew the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not been with-
drawn.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania objects to my amendment I will
vitlidrftW it
Mr. SCHENCK. No, I object; let us vote
on it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I was not serious in
my motion. It was merely pro forma. But
if the gentleman insists on it let a vote be
taken.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevenson's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. I now move to amend the
amendment by striking out •' 1} cents per
pound," and inserting "35 per cent, ad valo-
rem." That is the amount the Committee of
Ways and Means seem to think it should come
in at. Now, I do not intend to detain the com-
mittee long, because I am tired of this discus-
sion ; but I want to call the attention of the com-
mittee to one thing, and that is the mistake
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means charged upon me when he made
his remarks on the other paragraph. He said
that I had made a mistake when I said that
this oval iron of all these sizes was before
among the unenumerated articles at 35 per
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 189.
cent, ad valorem. Iu paragraph five hundred
and twenty of the law as it now stands I find
the words, " round, less than three fourths of
an inch or more than two inches in diameter,
cents per pound." And unless it is included
in the word " round," and it cannot be accord-
ing to the definition of it given by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Schenck,] it is included in paragraph num- :
bered five hundred and eighty-four, which
reads, " On all manufactures of iron not
otherwise provided for, 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem." That is the clause under which these ;
ovals and half ovals and half rounds are enu- |
merated in the present law. The gentleman |
attempted to set me right, as he said, like i
.a schoolmaster correcting a pupil. I accept |
his correction, and it is all right, I suppose.
Now, my proposition is to put this exactly
where it is under the present law, at 35 per
cent, ad valorem. I have here the report of
the Special Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
which sustains whatl have stated: "On all sizes
of oval, half-oval, and half-round iron, 35 per
cent, ad valorem." That is the tariff under
the present law. The change proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means is a change
which puts this iron in a classification where
it is not in the present law. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keliey] says the duty
as they propose it now is 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem. Then, as that is the old standard, I pro-
pose that we shall adopt it here.
Mr. COX. I rise to oppose the amendment,
and will say only a word or two upon it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
states that to-day, when I proposed an amend-
ment in regard to bar iron, that the duty upon
it should not be more than 35 per cent, ad
valorem. I said that I thought it wa3 a fair
duty. Now, I never expressed myself iu that
manner ; I never had any such intention. I
made that motion because I could make no
other motionhere. I am a free-trader. I believe .
that under the Constitution all tariffs except for
revenue should be abolished.; and because I
canuot get what I want in. this bill, .by having
it brought down to a fair, decent tariff, I am
willing to join hands with any gentleman here
for the purpose of bringing it down at least to
within respectable stealing rates,. In the old
tariff 35 per cent, ad valorem was tie limit as
to all other kinds of iron ; that is that it should
not be lessthan that. Now, I proposed that it
should not be more than 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem ; that is as to the bar iron to which I
proposed my amendment. I do not wish to
be reported here by the gentleman, as saying
that 1 thought it was a fair duty. I think
that 35 per cent, ad valorem, whea you add
to it cost of transportation, difference of ex-
change, difference in premium and importers'
profits, down to the point where these articles
come into the hands of the consumers, is a
tax upon the people of the United States which
makes iron dearer than it ought to be. I
cannot for the life of me understand that a
dear commodity can be a Messing or that a
cheap commodity can be a misfortune. And
yet every, once,, in a while we are lectured
by. gentlemen upon that: subject. When we
cipher this matter dawn, and show how much
these things cost our people, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] gets up here, and in his peculiar style
and manner, tells us that we are all wrong.
When we in a modest,.way have shown that
two and two make four be gets up and swears
that they make only three ; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] gets up and as-
serts that two and two make five; and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] _ is
fositive that two and two really make six.
Laughter. ]
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. My point of order is
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
has no right, in the debate upon this amend-
ment, to discuss the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from New York is wandering a
little.
Mr. COX. I feel as if I were wandering in
forbidden paths, and I wilUit down. [Laugh-
ter.] * 
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Logan, it was not agreed to; there
being—ayes 5G, noes G8.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Lynch.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
amendment so as to strike out all the pending
paragraph which specifies the rate of duty and
to insert in lieu thereof the words ''$30 per
ton." This amendment corresponds with the
amendment adopted in the paragraph relating
to bar iron, the duty on which was changed
from 1 cent a pound to $20a ton. The preseut
duty upon this class of rods is 1J ceuts per
pound. If this amendment be adopted wo make
a corresponding reduction from $33 GO per
ton to $30 per ton. The Committee of the
Whole have reduced the duty on pig iron to $5
a ton, a reduction of $4 upon the existingrate.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a reduction of $2 per ton. Then, in-
stead of making in this paragraph an advance
of 25 cents per hundred pounds, as proposed by
the bill in its, present form, we ought to make
a reduction corresponding to that which has
been made onpig iron.
Mr. STEVENSON, I rise to a point of
order. It was ruled as against myself that we
could not discuss pig iron ; and I object to any-
body else discussing it.
Mr. BURCHARI). I am not discussing pig
iron. I am discussing rods and wire rods.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am very glad of it.
Mr. BURCHARD. I presume the gentle-
man has made bis point as a matter of sport.'
Mr. STEVENSON, Oh! no, sir; I am in
earnest; but I am very glad to hear the ruling
which the Chair has just made. I think it is
right.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have said all that I
desires to say in regard to my proposition. It
seems to me it must commend itself to the
approval of the Committee of the Whole. It
is in accord with the amendments already
adopted which have taken the ton as the
j standard. We have not in any case adopted
t as,a rate of duty so much per pound on any
' kind of iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not appreciate the
force Of the argument made by the gentleman
who has just taken his seat, that because the
duty is fixed per pound upon the larger and
coarser kinds of iron we must follow out that
standard to the end npon all articles made of
iron. By and by we shall come to screws and
varions other things.
Mr. BURCHARD. They are never sold by
the ton, while rods*re.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not often, I think. I was
just going to remark that rods and wire rods,
oval, half-oval, and halfrround iron, are sold
more often by the pound than by the ton. We
but follow the rule of the trade in patting the
tariff on them according to-the denomination
of weight used in the trade. Now, sir, in re-
gard to the paragraph itself, while I think this
amendment fixing the duty at $30 per ton
should not be adopted, I am not at all sure
that the amendment to fix the duty at If cents
Eer pound ought not to prevail. Now that we
ave adjusted the classification and substituted
specific duties for ad valorem, so as to afford
a greater security against fraud, it strikes me
the duty may very well be 1£ cents per pound
instead of if, cents. I trust the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burchard]
will be voted down; but I confess that I fop
