1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4897
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Delaware?
Mr. YATES. Before I yield I wish to un-
derstand the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said my friend's prop-
osition was to strike from the revenues several
millions, and I think if we adopt that propo-
sition we might as well strike out the whole
tariff sections of this bill at once. Blindly
to adopt a proposition like this would be sim
ply to dcelare that we shall not collect sufficient
revenue this year to pay the interest on the
public debt and the expenses of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. STATES. Now I yield to the Senator
fiom Delaware.
Mr. BAYA11D. My only object was to say
that now that the Senate begin to perceive the
result of this thing of considering a tariff piece-
meal, I hope the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon will renew a motion which 1 understood
him to intimate the other day, to strike out
the entire tariff sections from the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask if a motion of
that kind would be in order at this time, to
strike out the tariff sections ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be, by
the consent of the Senate; bat by the usage
of the Senate they proceed to consider first
the amendments ot' the committee reporting
the bill, and afterward the bill will be open
to other amendments. If there is no objection
the Chair will entertain the motion at the pres-
ent time, if the Senator from Illinois withdraws
his proposition.
Mr. YATES. I do not exactly understand
what the effect of that will be, and therefore
I think I had belter insist on my amendment.
In offering this amendment I am not to be
deterred by what the Senator from Indiana
says, on the one hand, or the Senator from
Ohio, on the other. I do not think that because
I voted to repeal the income tax I am there-
fore precluded from moving this amendment,
as the Senator from Indiana seems to suppose.
Nor, sir, am I to be deterred by what the Sen-
ator from Ohio says by this proposition, that he
is for an ad valorem tax. In the first place,
the Senator from Indiana failed, inglorionsly
failed to answer my question, and he will not
now answer my question whether he is in favor,
in order to support this Governmentand main-
tain the Government, of raising its revenues
by a direct tax. I will give him time to
answer.
Mr. MORTON. I do not exactly know what
the Senator means by asking me if I am in
favor of a dircct tax. I may be in favor of
some direct taxes. If be calls, as 1 believe he
did the other day, an income tax adireet tax,
I am in favor of an income tax so far as it was
contained in the bill sent here by the House
of Representatives. I would be in favor, if
we had the means of raising a revenue other-
wise without oppression and injustice, of put-
ting tea, coffee, and sugar upon the free list;
but as I do not think that can be dons now, I
would not throw away an opportunity of re-
ducing the tax thirty-three per cent, on sugar
in the vain attempt to put sugar on the free
list, with the absolute certainty that that can-
not be done.
ill-. YATES. As the honorable Senator
makes the question, I ask him whether the tax
un income is not a direct tax?
ilr. MORTON. Is that the question my
friend desires me to answer?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir. Is it not as much
a direct tax as a tax upon horses, or cattle, or
property of any kind ?
Mr. MORTON. That, perhaps, is a debat-
able question. I know it was very ably argued
by the Senator from Pennsylvania the other
day ; but I believe, according to the decisions
t hat have been made by the Supreme Court,
it, is not what is called a direct tax in the sense
of the Constitution, which must be apportioned
according to population. My answer, then, is
that it is°not a direct tax which is to be appor-
41 si Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 307.
tioned according to population by the provis-
ions of the Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me-to ask the
Senator from Indiana what decision of the
Supreme Court he refers to as establishing that
doctrine ?
Mr. MORTON. I am not as fresh to the
practice as my friend from Wisconsin ; but I
think the Supreme Court made some decision
a good while ago in which they specified what
were direct taxes under the Constitution. I
cannot give the names of the parties to that
suit, and I cannot tell the volume in which the
decision is to be found; but I have an impres-
sion of that kind.
Mr. YATES. Then I will put the question to
the Senator notwithstanding what the Supreme
Court may have said; and here I will declare
that that body is not conclusive authority with
me. Let me suppose a case. Suppose I own
$150,000 worth of land in Illinois for which I
paid $125 an acre originally, and which is now
worth from thirty to forty or fifty dollars per
acre, never having parted with the title to it
and holding it for a rise. You will understand,
Mr. President, that I am only supposing a case.
Then, suppose there is a young lawyer living
by me, who has lived nearly as long as I have,
who has accumulated §35,000 in money which
he loans out at interest. I ask the Senator from
Indiana whether I ought to pay a less tax than
that young lawyer? and that illustrates the
income tax ; that is the whole story.
Mr. MORTON. 1 do not exactly understand
the case the Senator puts.
Mr. YATES. I will state it again. Suppose
I own $150,000 worth of land in Illinois, bought
originally at $1 2-5 an acre and now worth fifty
dollars an acre; and then take the ease of a
young lawyer in my immediate vicinity who
having accumulated $35,000 loans it out and
derives an income of $2,500 a year from it; I
do not pay any income tax on my property,
though I have been much more fortunate than
he. I ask the Senator whether that is not a
direct tax ; and if a direct tax is he not going
to tax me as much as he does that young
lawyer?
This is a case in point. The Senator from
Indiana well knows, and everybody conversant
with the situation of affairs in the Northwest
knows that such cases exist. I will not sell
my land, because I want to keep it until it is
worth $1 50 or two dollars an acre. In the
case supposed I have made a good deal more
money than the poor merchant or mechanic
who lias a few dollars in the bank where the
assessor can go and levy the tax and wrench it
out of his pocket, while I go free without pay-
ing any income tax whatever.
Sir, the Senator must not escape behind
any decision of the Supreme Court. 1 will not
have anybody quote to me the decision of the
Supreme Court, because the legislative power
is the power of this country. 1 want to know
whether, with $150,000 worth of land in the
case supposed, I am to pay no tax, while the
man who has made a few thousand dollars
which he is loaning out at interest is to pay an
income tax..on his receipts. The illustration
is unanswerable. You may say it is an excep-
tion, but I can inform you that it is not an
exception so far as the West is concerned.
Sir, this income tax law, with its frauds, its
inquisitorial character, its cheats, its decep-
tions, by which the honest men pay and the
dishonest escape, should be blotted from the
American statute-book as you would efface a
blot upon the flag of the nation. You must not
tell me that because I voted for it as a war tax
and sent our armies flaming forth to victory in
defense of liberty and the life ot this country,
I am to continue this tax against the solemn
agreement of the G-overnment and against our
posivlve assurances to the men wno were so
liberal with their property in the hour of need,
as to submit to taxes which had never before
been imposed, which we're against the theory
of our Government, which were against the
undisputed theories for many years of both
parties as to direct taxes ; you must not tell
me that because I raised my humble hand in
favor of the people, rich and poor, and espe-
cially the poor in the log cabins of the
West—men who drink as much coffee as the
honorable Senator from Indiana, and a great
deal more than I do, because I never drink it
at all ; you must not tell me that they are to
pay this tax, and then say that I am voting
for the rich and against the poor. I will meet
the Senator ou any stump in Indiana or the
Northwest in swelling the clarion votes against
direct, taxation. But if there is to be direct
taxation, let it be really direct; do not select the
men who by their enterprise, their vigor, their
intelligence, their firmness of purpose—men
who, unaided by fortune, poor in early life, have
reached the prize—do not select them out, and
say that they shall be the victims of taxation.
Mr. MORTON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to ask the
Senator whether he means to be understood as
saying that this income tax, during all the time
it has existed, has been unconstitutional, has
been in violation of the Constitution of the
United States?
Mr. YATES. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. If it v/as constitutional
three or four years ago, why is it not now?
Mr. YATES. Sir, nothing was unconstitu-
tional during the war. I myself, in my own
person, in raising two hundred and fifty-eight
thousand volunteers, and clothing them with-
out authority from the Government, in stop-
ping steamboats on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers, acted without warrant of the Constitu-
tion. But, sir, I say there was nothing uncon-
stitutional in this war, except when men
avoided their duty to suppress the rebellion.
Whatever of life, or of means, or of treasure it
may have cost to put down the rebellion was
not unconstitutional. I never could see any
express, well-defined authority for the issue of
legal-tender notes; but they were issued, and
they accomplished their purpose. So of many
other things in order to prosecute the war. We
all know the well-known Latin maxim, " inter
arm a silent leges." It became a necessity to
put down the rebellion, and the Government
was justified in resorting to every means to
accomplish that great purpose. And now lam
perfectly amazed that the Senator from Indi-
ana should ask me by what authority a hun-
dred and fifty thousand things were done dur-
ing the war. He need not ask me whether I had
Constitution or law for all I did myself, although
I acquit the honorable Senator, of course, of
having done anything during the war that was
unconstitutional.
Mr. President, 1 am glad to stand up here
against the income tax now, because I know
that we had these men ou our side when the
rebellion was to be subdued and we had not
the money with which to do it. There had
been no such tax ever levied before our late
war. I shall never forget the men who stood
bv the country at that time and advanced the
means to carry on the war. Men of means
came forward and offered their means, to the
utmost of their ability, to raise regiments and
clothe them and support them. They stood by
the country and paid this tax under the solemn
, promise of the Government, under its eove-
: nant, under, to use a stronger term, its word—
for, I repeat, the word of a great nation must
bo kept—that this tax should exist only until
1870, and no longer. It is in this view that I
put to the Senator from Indiana the question
whether he would tax those men and yet not
tax the men who enjoyed the rise in the value
of property.
Mr. President, the Senator from Indiana,
contrary to his usual style, which is senatorial
and dignified and unassuming, said this would
be the most unpopular tax in the country.
There went up from him an appeal which I will
