1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
f,irni3h such information *s he may have a* to the
v?Mhle condition of the Savannah nver between
ft* mouth and the city of Savannah, and as to the
^itv and cost of its improvement for the pur-
ges of" navigation. Also, the amount and oharao-
of the improvements already made by the local
authorities of Savannah at their own expense.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
fcy'wliich the resolution was adopted; and also
moved tbat the motion to reconsider be laid on (
the table. . j
The latter motion was agreed to. i
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. DEWEESE, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution ; which
was read, and referred to the Committee on ;
Accounts:
Raohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812 be authoriied to employ a
clerk at the usual pay allowed, to date from the
commencement of the second session of the lorty-
First Congress. ;
LOST TREASURY CHECK. j
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
seat, submitted the following preamble and
resolution; which were read, considered, and
agreed to:
Whereas it is alleged that cheek No. 4713, drawn
by W. Vrooman, paymaster United States Navy, on
the United States Assistant Treasurer in the city of 1
New York, on the 9th day of July, 1868, for $100, :
pivable to the order of Lewis F. Vincent, who as-
signed the same in blank, receiving at the same time
value in full therefor; and whereas it is further al-
leged that said check was lost or stolen from the
Aail while in transit from Yinton to Portsmouth,
Ohio: Therefore, . ,
Retolted, That the Committee of Claimsbedirected
to inquire into the propriety of repaying George H.
Rnpp, the rightful owner of said check, the sum of
$100, and to report by bill or otherwise,
THE LATE GENERAL JOHN A. RAWLINS.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
doced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 153) for
pay of one year's salary to the executors of
General John A. Rawlins, for the benefit of
his family; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated to the executors of the estate of General
John A. Rawlins, late Secretary of War, for
the benefit of the family of said Rawlins, one
year's salary as Secretary of War, less the
amount paid to him as salary prior to his death.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS ALLCOCK, OF ROCHESTER, NEW YORK.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1172) granting a pen-
sion to Thomas Allcock, of Rochester, New
York; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
IMPROVEMENT OP ONTONAGON HARBOR,
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous con;.
«ent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1173) for
the improvement of the harbor at Ontonagon,
m the State of Michigan ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
IMPROVEMENT OP MARQUETTE HARBOR.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1174) for the
improvement of the harbor at Marquette, in the
state of Michigan ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
IMPROVEMENT OF EAGLE HARBOR.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimo-us consent,
? 8o introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1175) for the
improvement of Eagle harbor, in the State of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 71.
Michigan; which was read a first, and second
time, and, with the accompanying papers, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
JOHN Q. EITEL.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 117G) granting
a pension to John G. Eitel, late a private in
company D, eleventh Missouri State militia
cavalry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
ARCHER N. MARTIN.
Mr. TOWNSEND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1177) to provide
for the settlement of the claims of Archer N.
Martin, late assessor of internal revenue for ,
the seventh collection district of Pennsvlva- I
nia; which was read a first and second time, .
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT Of 1868. j
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Betolved, That a sufficient number of additional
copies of the agricultural reports of 1868 be ordered
to be printed to furnish the delegations from Vir-
ginia. Iexas, and Mississippi with the same number
of copies allowed other members of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
| sider the various votes of reference just taken;
| and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. COVODE VS. POSTER.
The House resumed the consideration of
the resolutions reported from the Committee
of Elections, in the case of Covode vs. Foster.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, probably
no case of a contested seat in Congress from
! Pennsylvania has ever attracted so much atten-
tion as this one, and in no case has the result
I been looked to with more anxiety by the respect-
j ive parties in the State which I have the honor
I in part to represent on this floor. The respected
| positions of the claimants in the respective
parties of the country seem to me to warrant
a very close scrutiny and the exercise of a very
calm judgment with reference to this case, and
to require that all partisanship should be dis-
missed in determining who is entitled to rep-
resent that district in this Congress,
It will be observed that both in t^p majority
and minority reports proof ia made that the
prima fade title was established in Mr. Foster
by 41 majority. And that takes me back to
the history of this case in a former session of
this Congress, when the Committee of Elec-
tions were instructed by an ingenious resolu-
tion to inquire into the prima facie case as to
who was entitled to the seat; and by the terms
of that resolution certain papers which here
appear in the decision of the merits of the
case were excluded from the consideration of
the committee.
It will also be remarked that a strong effort
was made, on the part of those who considered
Mr. Foster to be prima faci% entitled to the
seat, to have this subject recommitted with
these other papers, in order that the right to the
seat might be determined.
These two reports now establish that Mr.
Foster, from that time to the time we are now
Considering this subject, has been improperly
kept from representing the twenty-first con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania in the Forty-*
First Congress* That would seem to my mind
to be injustice number one, and an injustice
without excuse, only to be exceeded by the
injustice and the ingenuity by which the ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections have
reached the report in this case on its merits,
which they submit to this House and recom-
mend it to pass, that Mr. Covode is elected to
this seat. They seem to rest that report upon
three distinct parts of the testimony. Their
first allegation is that by reason of the admis-
sion of illegal votes in Dunbar township, and
by reason of the irregularities of the election
officers in that township, its entire poll should
be excluded from the count. They go on to
say that the mere neglect or mistaken discharge
of duty on the part of election officers should
not be held to vitiate votes unless they were
sufficiently fraudulent to make the return unre-
liable, and to make it impossible to reach the
true state of the poll.
As one of the minority I dissent from that
judgment. I believe that in such a case the
illegal votes should have been proven and
stricken out. I believe that the merits of a
contested case rest solely on excluding from the
polls illegal votes, allowing all legal votes and
all votes not proven as illegal to stand and
make up the general count. To my mind it is
at no time justifiable in a deliberative or a judi-
cial body to throw out an entire poll when the
illegal part of it can be reached; and in saying
this I think I have both law and congressional
precedent to justify me. Indeed, the majority
of the committee themselves do not seem
to rest their case upon throwing out of the
polls either of the voting divisions referred to
in their report. But they seem to doubt the
propriety of it. They argue the case from a dif-
ferent stand-point altogether, and have actually
entered upon the purging of this very poll.
This shows that the testimony warrants the
committee in reaching the true result of that
poll after having purged it. I think myself
that it does thtit. In the case of Skerret (2 Par-
sons, page 509) it was decided that—
" For mere irregularities and want of conformity
to the pro-visions of the election law that are merely
directorythe court, for that reason, will not set aside
the election."
That would seem to be very clear.
In the case of Mann vs. Cassidy, (Brewster's
Reports, page 82,) to which my friend from New
York [Mr. Churchill] seems to have given so
much weight, he will find it decided that—
"The entire vote of a precinct should not be re-
jected where it is possible to asoertain-the fraudu-
lent votes."
Now, I maintain that the testimony in this
case, in reference to this Dunbar township, is
full and complete and that the fraudulent votes
can be ascertained, and further, the committee
have sifted that testimony and proven what is
illegal, and in their report they propose to
strike out the illegal votes, thus leaving the
legal votes which should properly be counted.
In the case of Thompson us. Ewing, (same
reports, page 107,) it was held that—
" Mere neglect to perform directory requirements
of the election law, or the performance in a mistaken
manner, where there is no bad faith, and no harm
has accrued, ought not to defeat the will of the peo-
ple of an entire district."
That is the Bame position exactly.
In the case of Weaver vs. Given, (same re-
ports, pages 144 and 145,) you will find that the
same court have said :
"Careless, ignorant, and even willfttl neglect of
the directory requirements of the election law can-
not operate to nullify an election."
I pass now to an examination of a few of the
decisions of Congress upon this same point.
- In the case of Goggen vs. Gilmer, (Contested-
Election Cases in Congress, 1834 to 1866, page
70, Twenty-Eighth Congress, first session,) the
report says:
"The acts of proper officers, acting within the
sphere of their duties, must be presumed to be oor-
rect, unless shown to be otherwise."
In the case of Litteli vs. Bobbins, (same,
page 138, Thirty-First Congress, first session,)
it was held that— .
"The legal presumption is always against the
existence of fraud. Nothing but the most unequiv-
ocal evidence can destroy the credit of official re-
turns."
The report in that case, I may say incident-
ally, was presented ^o the House by Hon.
William Strong, who for a long period occu-
pied a seat upon the bench of the supreme
coart of Pennsylvania, and has recently been
nominated to the Senate by President Grant
as one of the justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States. I think that should be
