1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10?
41st Coiro.... 2d Sess.
Naval Expenditures, dc.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
of expenditures for this period. and if in excess
of the appropriations for the entire fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1870, the amount of
such excess; and third, a statement of the
amounts received and credited to the proper
appropriations from sales of vessels, stores,
and other property, from March 1, 1860, to
February 1, 1870.
I was sure no friend of reform and account-
ability would object to this inquiry: but the
zeal of two members, one from Tennessee
[Mr. Mavxard] and the other from New York,
[Mr. Kelsey,] smothered this proper legisla-
tive inquiry. The one said that it was too ex-
pensive a task, and the other that it was unne-
cessary. Too expensive to allow the people's
Representatives to have an account running up
to millions and involving the rcckless outlay of
means wrung from the industry of the country!
Unnecessary ! Well, it will be found that it is
the very necessity of the day and hour, and the
information will come regardless as well of
the ease of the jolly Secretary as of the expense
and trouble of making it out. Moreover, if
the books are properly kept, it will require but
. little labor and no additional expense. The
truth is, sir, there is a dilatory suspiciousness
connected tfith the information necessary to be
known here of the Navy since the advent of
General Grant and his two Secretaries, Borie
and Robeson, and theirchief admiral, Porter,
which needs explanation. If the friends of
the Administration, if the honorable and honest
servant of the people from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] cannot give it, it will be given by
others less worthy to be trusted on matters of
the sea.
I know, as a legislator, this information was
needed. The diligent and honorable member
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] on the Appropri-
ation Committee assured me such informa-
tion was required. It had long been required ;
it was a desideratum. When again, sir, 1
referred to the matter in the encounter with
the member from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] a week ago, I did it because I thought
the House was making a great pother about
small matters, and were treating momentous
interests with slight and indifference. After
that encounter the gentleman from New York
informed me that the information had been for
a fortnight in the printer's hands, and that it
would soon be out. At last it came! It was
Executive Document No. 79. Treasury bal-
ances unexpended! Eureka 1 Now we have it!
The easy-going Secretary has aroused!
The sea is not more uncertain in her moods
than the hopes I built upon the present Secre-
tary. The "executive document'' does not
give the facts, and is no answer to the resolu-
tion. It merely states the unexpended balances
in the Treasury on the 30th September, the
close of the first quarter of the present fiscal
year.
We want a true and correct statement of
the expenditures of the Navy Department dur-
ing the last fiscal year, which terminated on
the 80th of June. We want a statement includ-
ing the unexpended balances in the Treasury
and the appropriations for the current year,
showing the available resources of the Depart-
ment on the 1st of July last, when the present
fiscal year commenced.
There was a balance in the Treasury to the credit of
the Navy Department on the 1st March, 1869, under
the various appropriations, of $21,912,185 35
There was appropriated for the current
fiscal year  15,870,531 60
Showing that the Department has re-
ceived since the 1st March last, a
total of.  37,782,716 95
This "Doc. 79" states that on the 30th
September last there was a balance
of.  26.032,558 2i
Showing a nominal expenditure to that
date, seven months, of. #11,750,158 71
But this, I apprehend, does not cover the
entire expenditure. There is, for instance,
remaining on hand in the different navy-yards
a considerable quantity of material belonging
to the different bureaus, and each bureau is
directed, when wanting material of any kind,
of which there is a surplus belonging to another
bureau, to purchase of that surplus in prefer-
ence to purchasing elsewhere.
For example, the Bureau of" Construction"
purchases of the Bureau of " Yards and Docks"
$10,000 worth of timber, of which the latter
has an excess, and "Yards and Docks" buys,
perhaps, $10,000 worth of iron of "Construc-
tion." Now, to guard against abuse, the late
Secretary, Mr. Welles, directed that these trans-
fers should be made to take the shape of reg-
ular purchases, that is, by requisition, and the
whole transaction be thereby made to appear
on the books. It appears from -the obscure
and confused statement of Secretary Robeson,
in what purports to be his exhibit of expend-
itures, that he claims this transfer of property
from one bureau to another, by which material
or property in possession of one bureau is sold
to another and paid for from its appropriations,
is refunding to the Treasury. By this process
the Secretary assumes that the two ®10,000
purchases was refunding $20,000 to the Treas-
ury, when in fact it is an actual expenditure of
that amount from two distinct appropriations,
those of "Construction" and of "Yards and
Docks." By this process or pretense the Secre-
tary declares that he had refunded up to the 1st
of December $7,799,873, and ho proceeds to
deduct that amount from the sum of his expend-
itures ! It is, however, as much a part of his
expenditures as if the material had been pur-
chased from parties outside, and had been paid
for from the appropriations of the year. Because
the material is bought of the United States the
Secretary assumes it is not to be paid for, or
if paid for, the Department is to have credit for
refunding. But it is not a gift to the Secretary
or the Department, to be deducted from this
appropriation ; it is property received and to
be accounted for. The result of this mistake
will be detected by a clear and distinct state-
ment from such data as we have.
The Navy Department has received, as
already stated, since the 1st of March last
$37,782,716 95. By Docu ment No. 79 it is stated
that all which remained unexpended of this
large amount on the 30th of September will be
required for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, with the exception of $1,000,000 under
the appropriation for provisions, so that in six-
teen months from the 1st of March last the
Navy Department will have spent $36,782,716.
In addition to this there is all the material which
has been used by transfers, or what he calls
refunding, and which is as much a part of the
expenditure as any other purchase which has
been paid for from the same appropriations,
the sum of $7,799,373. So that in sixteen
months the Navy Department will have actually
expended, as is clearly manifest, tiie sum of
$44,582,089.
Why are the plain, honest facts withheld from
Congress and the country? Why have we not
from the Secretary the usual statements here-
tofore made by his predecessors of the actual
expenditures? Why this reluctance and hesi-
tancy in giving the information sought by the
resolution presented a few days since? Why
do we debate so eloquently the little items of
the appropriation bills about mileage, frank-
ing, bouquets, Globes, &c., while $40,000,000
excites no attention ?
The Secretary of the Navy must have an
object in departing from the usage of the De-
partment and omitting the customary exhibit
of expenditures for the preceding fiscal year,
and omitting also the available resources on
the 1st July, the commencement oi the pres-
ent fiscal year. Are we to be denied these
important and necessary facts? Are they
essential or not to a correct knowledge of the
expenditures and actual condition of the affairs
of the Navy Department? Do we come here
to be trifled with on this most important trust
of economic expenditures?
The Secretary of the Treasury, in transmit-
ting Executive Document No. 79, says that
he does itin compliance with the requirements
of the eighth section of the act of May 1,1820.
By the second section of that act it is made
the duty of the Secretaries of War and Navy
to lay before Congress a statement of the ap-
propriations of the preceding year, "show-
ing the amount appropriated under each spe-
cific head, the amount expended under each,
and the balance remaining unexpended in the
Treasurer's hands on the 31st December,"
&c. Subsequently, by the act of August 26,
1842, (5 Stat., 536,) the fiscal year in all mat-
ters of account is to commence on the 1st of
July annually; since which, the statements
required by this act have been made at the
commencement of each session, and show the
expenditures, balaneeSj &e., to and on the 30th
of June.
For what reason and by what authority the
Secretary of the Treasury, who by the eighth
section of the act of May 1, 1820, is directed to
report balances in the hands of the Treasurer
as the agent of the Warand Navy Departments,
■lias thought proper to report these balances on
the 30th of'September, the close of the first quar-
ter of the fiscal year, I know not. There may be
some law for it with which I am unacquainted.
If the object is to prevent accurate informa-
tion in regard to the expenditures and financial
conditio^ of the Department, there is a reason
why the Secretary of the Navy does not make
the usual exhibit, and a reason why the Sec-
retary of the Treasury evades the close or com-
mencement of the fiscal year, and passes over
three months to the close of the first quarter.
It maybe a reason why the House is unwill-
ing to pass a resolution to call out the facts.
I will not charge it, but it looks very much like
trifling with Congress, thus, by an evasion, to
avoid accountability for these reckless expend-
itures. Things must be in a muddle in the
Navy Department, and members may try to
fight them out, but they will not succeed. Some
one, perhaps it is the irresponsible Vice Ad-
miral Porter, has spent money right and left.
They have exhausted the whole appropriation,
and almost the whole of the balance left them
last March, together with all the avails from the
sale of property. No wonder-they evade and
hide!
Who is the champion of such an administra-
tion of the Navy? Is it any well-known honest
financial member? Is it the member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes?] No! another
member from the same State, [Mr. Butler.]
In his speech on the 26th of J anuary, in reply
to Mr. Dawes, he says: "Mr. Welles, Mr.
Randall, Mr. McCulloch, of Andrew Johnson's
Cabinet, made such estimates as they chose for
General Grant's Administration to carry on the
Government in the first year of its power," &c.
But this member was too quick to fire. He
overshot the mark ; because the Radical Con-
gress cut down the estimates submitted, and
appropriated nearly six million dollars—exactly
$5,122,882 99—less for the Navy than Secretary
Welles asked for. A sufficient answer alone to
that portion of that member's remarks are the
letters written by Secretary Welles to Shechair-
men of the Naval Committees of the two Houses,
and which I hereto append. That member's
[Mr. Butler's] logic is as poor as his facts,
and he rebukes his own friends when attempt-
ing their vindication and unwittingly compli-
ments the late Secretary, Mr. Welles, whom
he misrepresents.
The House will also observe that the Navy
Department fails to state its deficiencies as all
