1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2065
ions, and ways of thinking of southern society.
The true and the only cure is in the reformation
of those habits and opinions; and that reform-
ation-will be "a plant of slow growth" under
any circumstances, whatever you may do. Let
us not deceive ourselves about that. So it is,
and it cannot be otherwise.
Certainly we want to repress disorder, we
want to punish crime, We want to protect the
rights and liberties of every human being there;
and we stand ready to employ our constitu-
tional power to its utmost extent for that pur-
pose. But those who think they can accom-
plish this end and contribute to the reformation
of the habits and opinions of southern society
by the class of means here advocated by acts
of palpable usurpation wiil find themselves
most terribly mistaken. What can they accom-
plish ? They may, perhaps, indeed avoid a
Democratic success at the election next fall;
but one thing they have it not in their power
to prevent—on the contrary, by this a.ct they
wiil provoke it—I mean a reaction far fiercer,
fur more dangerous and disastrous than any
chances to which a Democratic success at the
election next fall might expose onr friends in
that quarter of the country.
It is true, sir, wc possess very great power ;
but that power will be barren of good as soon
as we remove it from the moral ground upon
which alone it can bear fruit. You want to
maintain order and protect the rights of man-
hood at the South. Well, sir, the Constitution
provides ample means for that purpose, and
we stand ready to use them; but I entreat the
Senate let us not descend to small tricks and
cunning devices in the execution of which our
very hands wiil tremble and be palsied by the
reproaches of our own consciences. Yon mean
to fulfill your higher mission of reforming the
habits and opinions of southern society, and
of making our late enemies law-abiding citi-
zens? Then, sir, above all things, we must
convince them that we ourselves respect the
laws which we want them to obey.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to go into any extended remarks upon
the subject now before the Senate. If I know
tile exact position of the question it is upon a
motion to strike out the first proviso of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question before the Senate is'on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Moii-
tojc,] to add to the bill an additional section
in regard to the militia in Georgia; but the
debate has been upon the proviso to which the
Senator alludes.
Mr. DRAKE. The debate, then, has been
upon this proviso because of a notice given by
the Senator from Nevada that he should move
to strike it out.
Mr. STEWART. If I did not make that
motion, and it is in order, 1 will make it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have indicated such an amendment, but it will
have to be reserved, as it is not germane to the
pending amendment. The pending amendment
is to add a new section to the bill. The Secre-
tary has entered the notice of the Senator from
Nevada to strike out the proviso, but it cannot
be entertained at the present time, the .pend
itig question being on the amendment offered :
by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DRAKE. The question that has been
under debate for days past is the striking out
of the lirst proviso. I do not intend to go into
a discussion of that proviso upon the grounds
that have been occupied by other Senators.
I shall content myself with simply stating the
position that I take with .regard to it. I shall
vote to strike out this proviso; and I will state
in a very few words the reasons which influence
me to do it.
In the lirst place, the first clause of the pro-
viso is in direct contradiction of a subsequent
porrion of the bill. The two do not seem to
me capable oi reconcilement; and if this pro-
viso is adopted it annuls a subsequent provision
or is itself annulled by that subsequent pro-
41st Cosg. 2d Sess.—No. 130.
vision. The first clause of the proviso is in
these words:
That nothing m this act contained shall ho con-
strued to vacate any of the officcs now filled iu the
State of Georgia, either by the election of the peo-
ple or by the appointment of the Governor thereof,
by attd with the advice aad consent of th® senate bf
said State.
The second proviso of the bill requires an
oath to be taken, subscribed, jinji filed by every
member of the Legislature of the Sf$te before
he shall r*ssume his seat therein, and by every
officer of that State before he shaJl enter upon
the duties of his offiee. The third proviso is:
3'hat every sueh person "who .shall p<?gleet for a
period of thiity days next aftesr the passage of this
act to take, subscribe, and file such oath or affirma-
tion as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to all
intents and purposes to have vacated his office.
This bill in one clause turns out every offi-
cer in Georgia and every member of the Legis-
lature who fails within thirty days after the
passage of this act to take the prescribed oath,
and in another part says that nothing in this
act shall be construed to vacate any of the
offices now filled in that State. No person will
attempt to reconcile that contradiction. For
this reason, if there were no other, I shall vote
to strike out this proviso.
But, sir, there is another reason. I care not
whether the constitution of Georgia in that pro-
vision which authorizes the Legislature to post-
pone the day of its own election be considered
by others to be republican or not; T care not
what construction Senators may put upon that
provision ; they may raise a fog of argument
about it from now to the end of this year, and
at last it will turn out that no fog ever gets so
dense around the light-house but that you can
see the light if you can get near enough to it.
There is a light-house in the midst of all this
fog. It is the great truth known to every Sen-
ator on this floor, to every intelligent and well-
informed man in this nation, that there is now
going on in the State of Georgia a desperate
struggle on the part of the late rebel popula-
tion there to obtain supremacy in that State
over the loyal men of the State, and that that
struggle spots the soil of Georgia all over with
the blood of loyal inhabitants, shed by fiends iu
human shape ranging the country under the
double protection of the night and the mask.
We have gone through with the fighting of the
rebellion in open day and on the broad battle-
field ; but now it meets us in secret organiza-
tions in the night time and behind the mask.
Sir, if there be any manifestation of fiendish-
ness more execrable than any other it is that
which will assail a fellow-man in this way in
the dark and behind tli  black mask.
Now, sir, when the struggle in that State is
on the part of that element by intimidation,
by murder, by every form of aggressive vio-
lence that they can devise, to obtain the mas-
tery of that State, I say I will die in niy seat
here before I will vote for anything whatever
that shall tie the hands of the loyal men of
Georgia or give aid to their diabolical enemies.
Because this very proviso about whioh this
debate has occurred -does give aid and comfort
to the enemies of the loyal men of Georgia;
because it is, if not designed, at least beyond
all question perfect iu its operation to paralyze
the arms of the loyal men of the State, and to
inspire its disloyal and rebellious people with
new courage and tenacity of purpose, I shall
vote to strike it out.
I will not stop to inquire whether the pro-
visions of the constitution of Georgia are repub-
lican or not. We have affirmed by the vote
of both Houses of Congress that they are repub-
lican, and we are estopped from denying it
now. Whether that constitution be, according
to the ideas of one man or another, republican
or anti-republican, the people of Georgia made
it what, it is ; this Congress has recognized it
as republican ; and we propose to admit that
State upon the basis of that constitution; and
we are not called upon by any consideration
of public policy or by any constitutional obli-
gation to interpose here a mandate upon the
people of that State requiring them to act
under that constitution, which ^ready requires
them to act under it at a given time.*-
I should have been surprised, sir, if I could
ever fee surprised at anything that comes from
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, that
gentlemen who have straggled as they have
against fundamental conditions upon the ad-
mission of a State, and who hate been twice
defeated and overthrown by the majority of
the Senate, should now present themselves as
the advocates of a condition in this bill more
uncalled for than any of tho&e that have pre-
ceded it in other cases. I call upon the Sen-
ate to observe that every fundamental' condi-
tion heretofore imposed upon the admission
of one of these rebel States has been imposed
in the interests of the loyal men of those States
and against the rebels. We pleaded here for
two weeks for fundamental conditions upon
the admission of Virginin, which should pro-
tect her loyal men, and we were fought at
every step by the Judiciary Committee, and
we defeated the Judiciary Committee. They
renewed the fight upon the Mississippi bill, and
we defeated them again. And now, sir, after
having resisted at every step all the .conditions
that we attempted to impose for the benefit of
the loyal men of Virginia and Mississippi, they
present themselves in a new attitude in refer-
ence to this bill. They want conditions. They
agree that the condition in favor of loyalty,
such as was imposed upon Virginia and Mis-
sissippi, may stay in this bill, but they want
the other condition along with it in favor of the
rebels. Sir, why should they want the condi-
tion off in one instance and on in the other?
Why should they be the champions of a form of
legislation one day and another day the cham-
pions against it? Sir, as the Senate set aside
and overruled the judgment of that coamJittee
¥h the case of Virginia and Mississippi in favor
of the loyal men of those States, so I invoke
them to set aside the Judiciary Committee
now in this provision against the loyal men and
in favor of the rebels of Georgia.
If this proviso simply confined itself to a
declaration that the provisions of this bill
should not be construed to do so and so it
would be less objectionable than it is ; but it
not only so declares, but goes further and legis-
lates positively. It declares that a certain
election shall take place regardless of circum-
stances, regardless of the condition of that
State. It undertakes to prescribe and enforce
an election in that State in the very moment
of admitting it into the Union. Even that
could be borne with if there were any occasion
for it. But they say there is occasion for it;
and what is it? Why, that Governor Bullock
has said so and so, or Mr. Somebodyelse has
said so and so. All! sir, how well I remem-
ber the manner in which the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee is accustomed to meet
things of that kind: "Oh, it is no use to do
this; it is no use to do that; it is no use to do
the other." I will return the Senator's mode
of stating the matter to liim : it is no use for
the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States to undertake to base solemn
legislation like this upon what Mr. A or Mr.
B or Mr. C may have said. You have no
evidence before you such as the Senate ought
ever to act upon in any case, such as should
lead the Senate to adopt sueh legislation as
this. If I were to get up here and urge the
passage of a bill of doubtful expediency by
saying, "Well, I met Mr. John Smith on
Pennsylvania avenue this morning, and he said
he intended to do so and so," the sneer with
which the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee would kill my proposition would be worthy
of Mephistopheles. Bring in the outside talk
of A or B here as a foundation .for the legisla-
tion of this body! We are accustomed todirect
inquiry; we are accustomed to require authentic
evidence; we are accustomed to require ana
demand reports from committees as the basis
of our legislation; but here, all at once, Serf-
