108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Naval Expenditures, dec.—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
the other Departments have done. Yet the
deficiencies of that Department must be greater
than any. and probably than all the others. I
shall offer again my former resolution. It shall
be offered again and again till this muddle is
made clear, and the recent head of the Navy
vindicated as an economical and honest officer,
to compare whom -with the present Secretary,
however jolly, would be to compare old Nep-
tune himself with the captain of a canal scow!
But it is not my purpose to make invidious
comparisons. They are odious. The Secretary
may be one of the kindest men alive; but to what
a position has he brought his Department, since
the days of Poinsett, Dobbin. Bancroft, Toucey,
and Welles ' I propose to show the House how
this Department is managed. In order to get
at a right understanding of matters in the Navy
Department, it will be necessary to take up
someotherpointsas well as those ofthe finances.
Those points are serious and affect the ad-
ministration and the conduct of the Presi-
dent as well as the Secretary of the Navy. It
is surprising that they have not been singled out
and attention called to them by gentlemen on
the other side.
Whafcis the status orposition of Vice Admiral
Porter in the Navy Department? What busi-
ness has he there'/ What duties is he discharg-
ing ? And under what law is he acting? The
organization of the Navy Department consists
of a Secretary and eight chiefs of bureaus; and
of these chiefs the law expressly provides that
four, and only four, shall be officers of the Navy
above the grade of commander. Each and all
of them are appointed by the President, with
the approval of ihe Senate. There has always
been a determination to exclude from the civil
administration of that Department professional
men, naval officers, except the few specified by
statute j and the Senate lias a voice in regard
to cach and all of these. But Vice Admiral
Porter is and has been in the Department from
the day and hour that the late Secretary Boiie
entered it. lie has rooms there. He is issuing
orders, carrying 011 correspondence, and dis-
charging functions not by any authority of law
nor by the approval of the Senate.
There was for a number of years an Assistant
Secretary, authorized and legally appointed by
the President and Senate, but Congress one
year a go abolished the office. On the day that
the late Assistant Secretary left the Depart-
ment, Vice Admiral Porter and Mr. Borie en-
tered it; they went there together. Mr. Borie
delayed entering upon his duties as Secretary
until the arrival of Vice Admiral Porter, who
was at Annapolis, and was sent for by the Pres-
ident to come to Washington and enter upon
the new and anomalous duties assigned him of
assisting or supervising the Secretary. It is
not easy to define the position which the vice
admiral then occupied and now occupies, for
the laws are entirely silent on the subject. As
a vice admiral his duties are understood. He
is a naval commander afloat, and in the line
of his profession his orders are legitimate and
proper; but under what law is he installed in
the Navy Department and directing and con-
trolling the administration of that important
branch of the Government?
The law organizing the Navy Department
specifics what class of officers may be employed
and defines their duties. One shall be chief ofthe
Bureau of Yards and Docks, one shall be chief
of Navigation, one shall be chief of Equipment
and Recruiting, and one shall be chief of Ord-
nance. All of these positions are filled by
naval officers who have been selected by the
President according to law, nominated to the
Senate according to law, and the nominations
have been approved and confirmed by the Sen-
ate in conformity with the requirements of the
iaw and the Constitution. But Vice Admiral
Porter occupies none of these legally author-
ized positions, noristhere anylawinthestatutes
which authorized the Vice Admiral to interfere
or meddle with the administration of the Navy
Department. The law directs that he and all
naval officers shall obey the orders of the Sec-
retary and the chiefs of bureaus, not that he
shall issue orders to them. Yet the laws in
this respect are disregarded and set aside, and
have been since the early part of last March.
On the 9th of March Mr. Borie, accom-
panied by Vice Admiral Porter, took posses-
sion of the Navy Department, and forthwith
there was issued an avalanche of general
orders, some legal, some illegal, some frivo-
lous, and many that were mere repetitions of
old orders, laws, and regulations. These were
duly signed by the willing Secretary, though
it was well known that he did not originate a
single one of them ; but almost immediately
the Vice Admiral began to place his own name
to the orders and letters that emanated from
the Department, and I have understood that
he attempted to, and did sign requisitions on
the Treasury, which the officers of that De-
partment properly refused to recognize ; but
the most singular and extraordinary, perhaps,
of all the papers issued, was the following cir-
cular :
Circular Letter.
Navy Department.
Washington, March 12, 1869.
Sir: All matters relating to the Navy, coming
under the cognizance of the different bureaus, will
bo submitted to Vice Admiral Portcv before being
transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy.
Very respectfully, A. E. BORIE,
Secretary of the Aavij.
Here is an order from the head of the De-
partment, addressed to those who are legally
associated with him in administering its affairs,
directing them to submit all matters to Vice
Admiral Porter, who is in the Department by
no process of law, before transmitting them to
the Secretary of the Navy. Has there ever
been a parallel to this in any administration
or any Department of the Government before ?
The laws state how the Navy Department shall
be organized, specifies what and how many
naval officers may be therein employed, and
directs that they shall be nominated thereto by
the President and be confirmed by the Senate.
Vice Admiral Porter does not come within
these provisions. He is placed there by order
of President Grant, who, the Secretary of the
Navy tells us in his report, detailed the Vice
Admiral for his (the Secretary's) assistance.
There is no law authorizing the President to
make such detail, nor is the Secretary of the
Navy authorized to set aside the law and the
officers of the law, and place over them a man
unknown to the law. By what right does he
ignore his legal associates who occupy posi-
tions pursuant to law and by assent of the
Senate, telling them not to approach him ex-
cept through the irresponsible intruder who has
been thrust into the Department without law
and without the assent of the Senate?
If the President can place an irresponsible
person, independent of the law and of the Sen-
ate, in one Department, he can and will be likely
to do so in the other Departments. Thus in an
insidious and covert manner an aspiring Pres-
ident with obsequious Secretaries could take
possession of the Government. Supposing Mr.
Corbin, who has figured a good deal lately in
our politics, were placed by the President in
the Treasury Department without any legal
position, filling no office created or authorized by
law, and the Secretary of the Treasury were to
issue a circular to all the chiefs of bureaus in
that Department directing them to submit all
matters relating to the Treasury coming under
the cognizance of the different bureaus to this
person, who is there by no law, by no senatorial
approval, before being transmitted to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. By such a proceeding
the Treasury, like the Navy, would pass into
the keeping or under the supervision of an irre-
sponsible personage, the mere creation of an
! ambitious President. We would be derelict to
our duty here as an honorable, law-abiding Op-
position.did we not challenge such usurpations.
Had Andrew Johnson been guilty of any such
flagrant wrong there would have been another
article of impeachment that would have been
more effective than all that were preferred
against him.
This circular, I understand, still remains
unrevoked. Vice Admiral Porter is the con-
trolling spirit, the directing mind in the De-
partment, is issuing orders. Tinder the pre-
vious Administration the expenditure of the
Navy Department was limited to the appro-
priations and means at its disposal, and all
admit that the Navy performed well its part
through all our difficulties. It has been usual
to award all the credit to the officers and
those who so well performed their part in
blockade and other duties. All honor to
them; but there was a controlling mind that
selected the officers and directed the move-
ments of the Navy, and quietly and unosten-
tatiously gave it strength and efficiency. As
the head of the Navy Department he had
the confidence of both the then President,
Lincoln, and his successor. Johnson; and
though not always in favor with either of the
two great parties, and consequently subjected
at times to the attacks of both, he is entitled
to the credit of having in the briefest time and
with the smallest means and under many dis-
couragements created a large Navy and estab-
lished and enforced the most extensive block-
ade that was ever instituted. Yet the naval
expenditures of the war, including the build-
ing and purchase of some six hundred vessels,
equipping, arming, and manning them, with
all the ordnance, munitions, and supplies of
every kind, and improvement and extension
of the navy-yards, and the establishment of
new-stations, were less than one tenth of the
Government expenditures during the war. The
Secretary states, in his report in December,
1865, six months after the war had closed,
that—
" The total expenses of the Navy Department from
the 4th of March, 18G1, to the uOth of June, 1805,
embracing a period of four years and four months,
nnd covering not only the ordinary expenses of the
Navy, but such as have arisen in the purchase, con-
struction, and equipment of vessels, and in the main-
tenance of the largenaval force required during the
war, were $314.170,96063,an average annual expend-
iture of $72,500,990 93. It is gratifying to note that
the expenses ofthis Department since thecommence-
mentof the warhavobeen butnino and threetenths
per cent, of the expenditures of the Government
during the same time."
When the war terminated, and even before
it closed, retrenchment was commenced in
the Navy Department, work was suspended,
the vessels which had been bought of the com-
mercial marine were sold, and large appropri-
ations remained unexpended.
The Secretary, in his report in 18GG, called
attention to this subject, stated that these unex-
pended appropriations could be relinquished
and ought to revert to the Treasury, and that
correct administration required it. But Con-
gress took no action on the subject, and he,
therefore, when making his exhibit of expend-
itures the ensuing year, requested the Secretary
of the Treasury to carry to the surplus fund
$65,000,000, which was done. (See report of
Secretary of the Navy for 18G7.)
It is probably the first and only instance
where the head of a Department requested to
be relieved of the money appropriated and
placed at his disposal, and Congress, in its
abundant confidence in the Secretary, declined
or omitted to take action, and the Secretary
himself caused the immense balance to revert
to the Treasury. It was a quiet transaction
of the Secretary of which the public knew lit-
tle, and for which he received little or 110 com-
mendation in any quarter; but he was criti-
cised and blamed by the cormorants and swin-
