3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
one shall not be disappointed if the proposi-
tion to reduce the rate from lj to 1J cents
Bhould prevail. I thought 1J cents was not
enough, but I do not think 1J will be too low,
with this amended classification.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question. What is the present cost per ton in
England or the United States, in gold, on this
class of iron ? I have not the means of ascer-
taining it here.
Mr. SCHENCK. One hundred and five
dollars and one hundred and twenty dollars;
so they are quoted upon their arrival here.
Mr. BECK. The table I have says $75. I
think the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. KELLEY. I quoted the market price.
Mr. BECK. I want the fiicts from better
authority than that cited by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I want to hear what it is
from the gentleman who has the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
classification which shows it under the present
tariff.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman multi-
plies 2,240 by 2J, he will get the price of one
class. The difference, I am.told, depends
upon whether the irOn is puddled or not, or
whether it is Swedish iron or not. The aver-
age is not so high as quoted by my friend from
Pennsylvania. As I understand he quotes the
market price in this country, and the market
price in currency and not in gold.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
understand this question, but in order to be
heard I suppose I must move an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order, and debate is exhausted on the
pending amendments.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I object.
The question then recurred on Mr. Bur-
CHakd's amendment to the amendment.
The committee divided'; and there were—
ayes 55, noes 58.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Burchard and
Mr. Negley were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 72.
.So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS, of JjjTew York. Iproposean
amendment to make it $31 a ton. Now, Mr.
Chairman, let us look at this amendment. Let
us understand it. The bill starts with propos-
ing 
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
The form in which this amendment is proposed
does not nfakeit in order until theparagraph has
been perfected.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no motion
pending to perfect the paragraph.
Mr. HOAR. Yes, sir; to make it 1 i cents
per pound. Now, the paragraph fixes the duty
by the pound, and the amendment now pend-
ing, in-order to perfect the paragraph, pro-
poses to strike out If cents pfer pound and to
insert 1J cents per pound; but the gentleman
from New York moves to strike out If cents
per pound and insert $31 per tort. My point
of order is that the question cannot be put on
that amendment until the other has been nega-
tived.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point is well taken.
The question then recurred on Mr. Lynch's
amendment to strike out" If cents per pound"
and to insert " 1J cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to..
Mr. BROOKS  of New York. That is too
high, and I propose to make it $31 per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order,
that the gentleman cannot move to strike out
what the committee have inserted. I
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, I will not j
insist upon the amendment, merely stating that |
Use gentLeman from Ohio has backed out from j
his own proposition. I
, The, Clerk read as follows:
On all sizesof aval, half-oval, and half-round iron,
li cents per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move an amendment to
make it correspond with the preceding para-
graph. In line three hundred and forty-one
strike out the words "all sizes of" and insert
"rods and wire rods," and in the same line,
after the word "iron," insert " not less than
five sixteenths of an inch diameter or square
so it will read:
On rods and wire rods, oval, half-oval, and'half-
round iron, not less than five-sixteenths of an inch
diameter or square, li cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all sizes of flat, hoop, band, strip, scalp, tube,
and scroll iron, thinner than No. 5 and not thinner
than No. 14 wire gauge, li cents per pound ; thin-
ner than No. 14 wire gauge, II cents per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike that par-
agraph out. The effect, whatever the object
may have been, of this paragraph is to make
a new classification between No. 5 and No. 14
wire gauge, and from No. 14 to No. 2Q wire
gauge, and to increase the duty on each class.
I trust there will be no increase of duty, on
this iron. If the paragraph is stricken out
the law will remain as it now is, without any
increase or any reduction. I trust no increase
will be made. I do not myself propose any
reduction on this class of iron.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to oppose the
amendment. I hope there will be no hole left
in the bill when it is passed^ I hope it will be
in such a state that a man on reading it can
understand what is meant without having to
turn back to some other law. It is sufficiently
difficult and complicated as it is. I think the
gentleman from Iowa ought to move an amend-
ment declaring distinctly the rate of duty as he.
desires to have it, instead of leaving a hole in
the bill, as he proposes, for people to fall into.
Mr. ALLISON. I am afraid there will be
a great many holes left after we pass this bill.
This only provides for particular classes of
iron, and does not comprehend all manufac-
tures of iron. I desire to leave this "flat,
hoop, band,' strip, scalp, tube, and scroll iron"
just as it is in tpe law now.
Mr. STEVENSON. I.donot think that that
is a good answer. If already there are many
holes in the bill we should not make another,
so as to render it still more holy or unholy
than it is. I now yield to the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Hill] the balance of my time.
Mr. HILL. I wish to answer the question
addressed to me a few minutes ago by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.] I did
not desire to charge the gentleman from Ohio
with intentionally misrepresenting the Lehigh
Crane Iron Works, neither did I garble his
speech, but took the extract, just as found in
the Globe, and as my attention was directed to
it by the company, and whfch they stated was
incorrect. This was what I desired to pay a
short time ago when I was interrupted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted/on
the pending motion.
Mr. COX. I renew it.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
I understand the rule to be that two gentlemen
can speak on an amendment. I submit that
two gentlemen have not as yet spoken on this
question.
The. CItAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr, Allison] moVed to strikeout. The
gentleman froin Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] op-
posed the motion. Gentlemen have spoken on
the two Sides of the question.
Mr. CONGER. 1 submit that neither of the
two gentlemen who were last on the floor has
spoken on the question.
The CHAIRMAN. That point is made too
late.
Mr. COX. I move to amead so as to make
the rate 1 cent per pound, for the purpose of
inquiring of the gentleman from Iowa what
would be the ad valorem duty on this species
of iroij if this paragraph were struck out.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot give the gentle-
man precisely the ad valorem duty. I will
only say, in reply to his question, that I know
of no manufactured iron which under the
existing law pays less than 57 per cent. A
few of the higher classes may pay less, but I
speak now of the mass of the imports.
Mr. COX. I would inquire, then, of the gen-
tleman how much this paragraph will raise the
existing tariff, or does it increase the tariff?
Mr. ALLISON. Under the existing law
this class of iron, not less than No. 20 wire
gauge, pays 1£ cents per pound. In this bill
there is introduced a new classification, above
and below No. 14 wire gauge ; so that by this
bill all between No. 14 and No. 20 wire gauge
pay an additional duty of one quarter cent per
pound. At present all under No. 20 wire gauge
pay 1} cents, and all above No. 20 pay 1J
cents.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man another question, as I am not very famil-
iar with this subject, not being a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means. This par-
agraph refers to " all sizes of flat, hoop, band,
strip, scalp, tube, and scroll iron." Is it in-
tended to include in this the wire which enters
into the hoop-skirt business ? Is that the kind
of " hoop " which is here referred to?
Mr. ALLISON. I should think that hoop-
skirts would not come in as below No. 14 wire ■
gauge. They might, perhaps, come in below
No. 20, or between No. 20 and No. 25, and
would certainly under this bill have to pay If-
cents per pound. Under the existing law they
would pay 1J cents or 1£ cents.
Mr. COX. Well, I think the gentleman
from Iowa can sustain my amendment, then.
It cuts it down to 1 cent.,
Mr. ALLISON. I do not suppose they use.
iron at all for that purpose, but rather steel.
I am not familiar with that subject.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes forty-one, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out "three fourths" and insert "five
eighths." Mr. Chairman, I believe it is gen-
erally admitted now upon all sides that the
majority in this House do not intend to increase
the duties on iron. Here is an increase, and
an increase on an article of iron the consump-
tion of which is most widely diffused. And the
principle being settled that we want to raise
revenue by the tariff, it should also be settled
that we will not impose those rates of duty
which will practically amount to prohibition,
as this will in this case. Now, let me call the
attention of the committee to the class of iron
on which it is proposed to increase the duty
here. It is that class of hoop iron which enters
into the hooping of wooden pails, wash-tubs,,
firkins, whisky and oil barrels, paint kegs, ana
all that class of widely-diffused manufactures.
The proposition here is to raise the duty on
that class of iron from 1J cents per pound to
If cents per pound.
The daty on this species of iron is now
enormous. The increase ftoxn 1860 is very
great. The present duty in gold on half inch
is 136 per cent., on three fourths inch is 196
per jcent., on seven eighths inch is 212 per
cent., and on one to two inches 230 per cent.
The Committee of Ways and Means propose
to increase it so that it shall be on half inch
171 per cent., on three fourths inch 315 per
cent., on seven eighths inch 337 per cent.., and
on one to two inches 362 per cent. That is
the advance proposed in this bill, calculating
the premium on gold at 20 per cent. Now,
this is prohibition. It iB not revenue.: it is
prohibition. This is creating ahot-hed for the
manufacture of this species of iron, reducing
the revenue and giving somebody enormous
bounties to produce this class of iron. I could
not say more if I spoke an hour on the subject
than submit these facts to the House, and I
give notice now that I intend if it is proposed
