mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
41st Coifg....2d Sess.
Naval Expenditures, dc.—Mr. Gox.
Ho. 01? Keps.
dlers, and by the large class of speculators and
experimenters who are always ready to palm
off their theories and notions at the public
expense.
Labor on the unfinished vessels was reduced,
and finally wholly suspended. It was not
necessary they should be launched, and they
could remain on the stocks properly housed
for twenty years or more without injury. Such
was the policy which governed the Navy De-
partment prior to March 4, 1869, in regard to
the unlaunched vessels. The steam-engines
which were necessarily built by contract, for
the Government had not the shops for their
construction, were slowly completed and stored
till wanted. When returning to the Treasury
the $6.0,000,OOOof surplus which I havealready
mentioned, there was reserved a fund suffi-
cient to pay for these contracts which had been
entered into before the close of the war, and
for which appropriations had been made. Mr.
Elihu B. Washburne, the icasie-dog of the Treas-
ury, was chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and perceiving there was an unex-
pended balance for steam-machinery, &c.,
without inquiry or investigation, and without
listening to any statement of facts, refused to
make the necessary appropriations for the
estimated current expenses for theyear 1808-69
of that bureau. The consequence was that
after paying off these contracts the Bureau of
Steam Engineering was short of funds. On the
30th of September, 1867, there was available,
under the appropriation of steam engineering,
$19,678,588 08; carried to surplus fund on
that day $14,861,588 08, leaving for running
expenses to July 1, 1868, and to complete con-
tracts for steam-machinery, $5,317,000. The
Secretary of the Navy, in a letter addressed
t,o the Naval Committee, warned them, and
Congress also, of the impolicy of withhold-
ing necessary appropriation from that bureau,
and for needful repairs. The Naval Com-
mittee concurred with the Department, but
Mr. Washburne, who acted in ignorance, the
Jidus Achates of General Grant, was more
potent than those who were informed and knew
the public necessities. It was the policy of
tho then Secretary to put Congress in possession
of the condition of affairs in the Department,
and to limit his action within the means pro-
vided, leaving the responsibility with Congress.
The force employed by the steam department
was immediately reduced in all the yards. On
the 1st of March, 1869, when Secretary Welles
left the Department, there were employed in
the engineer department of the bureau five
hundred and fifty-three persons. On the 1st
of July there were employed two thousand four
hundred and fifteen persons. This increase of
nearly five to one took place almost immedi-
ately on the change of Administration. The
former Secretary cut his garment according to
his cloth. Since that time there has been no
restraint or limit, and the expenditures have
been as if the Department had free access
to the Treasury, regardless of appropriations.
Under the management of Vice Admiral Por-
ter- the Department would never have covered
$65,000,000 into the Treasury.
It is assumed that the expenses which have
been incurred, and for which there is a defi-
ciency, though unconfessed, have been for need-
ful repairs. Much more, I apprehend, has
been expended in making uncalled-for and
experimental changes, on the mere whim and
caprice of Vice Admiral Porter and Bear
Admiral Goldsborough. Honest old John
Lenthall, the ablest and most skillful naval
constructor in the United States, who has
no superior anywhere, did not advise these
changes, nor was he consulted in regard to
them.
It will be my duty, Mr. Chairman, to intro-
duce a resolution asking what changes have
been made or are being made in the character
of any of our naval vessels, the cost incurred
or that it is estimated will be incurred in these
changes, and whether tho naval constructor
proposed or has recommended and advised
them. I know not the number and extent of
these changes, but I am informed that they
are many and great. There is, for instance,
among the estimates of the Ordnancj Bureau
one item for thirty fifteen-inch guns, &c., for
the Colossus, (proper name is Kalamazoo,)
$210,000. This is an iron-clad turreted ves-
sel; the Navy Department is about to remove
her turrets and change her to a casemate, with
broadside battery of thirty guns. I am assured
that thi§ change, which is to be made without
the assent or knowledge of Congress, will
involve an expenditure of $2,000,000. This
is but one of the many changes which the Navy
Department has taken in hand since last March
without consulting Congress, and without any
appropriation to justify the change or the
expenditure. In this way the appropriations
and the Treasury balances, about equal in
amount to the appropriations, have become
exhausted.
I am not sure that any one in Congress or
on the Committee of Appropriations knows the
amount of expenditure during the last fiscal
year, nor the balance in tho Treasury on the
1st of July last, the commencement, of the pres-
ent fiscal year, for tho Secretary of the Navy
has been backward in stating them, as is usual,
and as the law requires : but I do know that on
the 1st of March, when the change of Admin-
istration took place, there was a balance on
hand, unexpended, to the credit of the Navy
Department, under its several appropriations,
of the sum of $21,912,185 35.
Two thirds of the fiscal year had then ex-
pired, during which tho outgoing Administra-
tion had paid off some millions of old war con-
tracts, in addition to current expenses. The
appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869, were $17,356,350. The Secretary
may claim that for one third of the year, that
is, from the 1st of March to the 1st of July, the
Department was entitled to one third of the
appropriations, which would be $5,785,450.
This deduction would or should leave a balance
in the Treasury on the 80th of June, the close
of the fiscal year, of $16,126,735 35. Wasthere
any such balance at that time ? If not, how
much of it had been expended, and for what
purpose?
In the best aspect of the case there wag in
the Navy Department on the 80th day of last
June a deficiency of $6,204,732 77. But there
was in fact an actual deficiency of $12,590,-
383 04. This difference is owing to the refund-
ing fiction introduced for the first time by this
Administration. If the truth was told plainly,
the $12,500,000 represent the real delinquency
of the Department. It has not had the courage
to hide the whole of its derelictions, but it has
had just shame enough to conceal a part.
Hence, their pretended economy is not one of
substance, but a trick of language. The money
goes from the people, and when we ask _ the
Department to account, they give us little
tricks, devices, words, and promises, but not
the truth and not reform.
This excess of six or twelve millions, accord-
ing to words or facts, is what was spent from
the 1st of March till the 30th of June last.
Since then the Department has been going
on in the same rut. My resolution required
information of its expenditures and deficiencies
since that time.
Or, if presented in another form, it may be
more clearly understood. The Secretary of
the Navy, on the change of Administration
in March last, received from his predecessor
$21,912,185 35. To this there was added on
the 1st of July, for the current fiscal year end-
ing on the 30th of June next, $15,870,531 60,
a sum total of $37,782,716 95. But
the Department comes to Congress at the close
of the seventh month of the present fiscal year
with the sad tale that the $15,800,000 appro-
priatedarealready exhausted, and not only this,
but all the available balance of $21,900,000,
which was in the Treasury on the 1st of March,
1869, and passed over at that time, is also ex-
hausted. And in consequence of this-exhaus-
tion and maladministration, by not making a
more equal distribution of its resources and
expenditures, six or eight thousand workmen
have been dischargedin mjd-winter, and we am
required to make hasty legislation on benevo-
lent grounds ? Remnants of appropriations in
some of the bureaus, amounting to three or
four millions,itis claimed, are stilhraexpended,
and will probably carry those bureaus through
the remainder of the year. Save this, the
whole $37,782,716 95 has disappeared. Some-
body has swept the Treasury clean. They say
it has gone to make repairs and changes. Ah,
changes! How many of these millions have
been expended in changes not authorized by
Congress, not advised by the naval construct-
ors, but on the ipse dixit, the mere whim and
caprice of a person placed in the Department,
not by virtue or warrant of any law, not with
the approval of the Senate, but on tho simple
detail or order of the President, independent
of any law and independent of the Senate?
In this way and by such instrumentality the
national treasure has been dissipated in this
day of overwhelming debt and grievous tax-
ation.
Among the estimates in the ordnance branch
of the Navy is one for the " experimental tor-
pedo corps" of $103,793. Where is the law
authorizing such a corps? Who are its mem-
bers? How is it constituted? Congress has
had no voice in the matter. The chief of the
bureau states incidentally that Goat Island, in
the harbor of Newport, Rhode Island, is occu-
pied by order of the Department, and that
temporary structures for magazines and work-
shops have been erected thereon for this tor-
pedo corps. All without law. How much of
the appropriation, which is now deficient, has
been diverted to this new naval station on Goat
Island, in Narragansett bay ? The Secretary
estimates that he shall want to expend the
ensuing year at this new, unauthorized station
$103,793. This is exclusive of the pay to offi-
cers who may be favored by being stationed at
that delightful place of fashionable resort on
full duty pay to make experiments. Probably
the aggregate pay of these experimenters will
amount to as much more; but as their com-
pensation comes from another and different
appropriation, that of pay for the Navy, it
does not appear under this new estimate.
The Secretary beguiles Congress and tho
country and soothes and reconciles them to
these unauthorized expenditures with the assur-
ance that "the proposed annual saving in the
use of coal should quickly reimburse for pres-
ent outlay." These promised 11 coal savings"
were dwelt upon with unction more than once
by the Secretary, until the absurdity was ex-
posed. Ilis estimates for the experimental tor-
pedo corps,with the pay of the officers on Goat
Island, near Newport, will probably exceed
tho first cost of coal for all our squadrons !
Now, this is a specimen of the way and
manner in which abuses creep into the Navy
Department and the Government. Without
discussing the power, force, or explosive qual-
ities of torpedoes, or their utility in war. there
is no occasion to fasten this new additional
expense on the Government at this time.
Were such an institution as the torpedo corps
advisable it should be established by law, not
by an order of the Secretary, and the money
to construct workshops, magazines, &c., should
be legally appropriated, and not taken by him
from the Treasury without law. Neither the
Secretary nor any person detailed by the Pres-
