1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
and for years before, actual residents of Hemp-
field and South Union districts, and had no
, ot},er residence. They seem to have been regu-
larly assessed in the districts in which their
respective houses are located, according to
la* and paid their taxes, in pursuance of the
assessment, to the proper officer. If their right
to vote is tested by the constitutional provis-
ion and the acts of Assembly, they are relieved
of every possible objection.
I now ask the Clerk to read a section from
the constitution of the State of Pennsylvania.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Articlk III, Section 1. In elections by theciti-
lens, every white freeman of the ago of twenty-one
rears, having resided in this State one year, and in
the election district where he offers to vote ten days
immediately preceding such election, and within
two years paid a State or county tax, which shall
have been assessed at least ten days before the elec-
tion, shall enjoy the rights of an elcctor; but a citi-
len of the United States who had previously been a
qualified voter of this State, and removed there-
from and returned, and who shall have resided in
the election district and paid taxes as aforesaid,
shall be entitled to vote after residing in the State
six months."
Mr. RANDALL. The act of the Legislature
ofPennsylvaniawhich was passed in pursuance
* of this provision .of the constitution nowhere
provides for any property qualification on the
part of voters.
In the case of Eoontz vs. Coffroth I maintain
that the position taken by the minority is fully
sustained. Citation has been made of the case
of Monroe t . Jackson, which is a New York
case. Now, if my distinguished friend had
read that report carefully, I think he would
have seen that they excluded the votes of those
from the poor-house under a law of the State
of New York. This is the reportof the majority
as I find it in the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth:
"Each State frames its own laws for the mainte-
nance and care of its poor. The laws provide pro-
tection for the poor, who. "by reason of age, disease,
infirmity, or other disability,' become unable to
work. With regard to the elective franchise by
socb, the laws of Pennsylvania are silent. As they
are not expressly deprived of the right, we cannot
see why the unfortunate provided for by the public
may not vote as if provided for by a parent or a son;
certainly not until the authorities of Pennsylvania
shall have decidedfor themselves the law, for which
theyhave had frequent opportunities. Thereforewe
here make no deduction from the count of the sitting
member."
That is the language of the majority of the
Committee of Elections, as presented by Mr.
McClurg, then a member of the committee
and of this House, and now Governor of the
,8tate of Missouri.
As to the lunacy vote—four in number—we
desire to say that the constitutional require-
ments do not set up any prohibition as against
simple-minded men nor lunatics. The extent
of the mental imbecility would seem, there-
fore, to have been left by the law of Pennsyl-
vania to the officers of the election to determ-
ine, and upon such extent of weak intellect
admit or reject the vote when offered. As to
one of the four votes, it is not shown at all for
whom he (Small) voted. It should in our
judgment, therefore, not be charged as against
either the contestant or contestee. I nave,
however, by direction of the minority of the
committee, omitted from the count I have
made up those three votes of lunatics, rather
as a patter of concession than anything else.
With reference to the individual votes
alleged to have been cast for Mr. Foster upon
the different grounds of alienage, lunacy, non-
fesidenee, minority, and non-payment of tax,
and of which a list is furnished by the majority
in their report, we propose, following the line
of discussion pursued by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Churchill,] who presented
tlie majority report, to enter into an examin-
ation of each individual case so reported.
James T. Martin, of Dunbar township, it is
alleged was a minor. The testimony of Mar-
tin himself shows that he was informed by his
grandfather, who raised him, and who was
Fi[eSe{!t at the election and before the board,
that he had every reason to believe, both at
«>e time of the election and while this invest-
igation was going on, that he was over twenty-
one years ol' age ©n the 13th day of October,
1868; and further, that his father died when
he was very young, and his mother, having
remarried, then and now lived in the State of
Indiana. This vote clearly should be counted
for Mr. Foster.
As to Andrew Work, a reference to the tes-
timony of Beatty will show, that Work voted in :
that township for forty years, owned land there .
and does now, and was assessed and paid taxes j
in that township. His wife was dead, and he
resided with his son in Dunbar township at the
time of the election and for a considerable
time prior thereto. This vote should not be
deducted from Mr. Foster, as has been done
by the majority of the committee.
George F. Dawson, of Brownsville, testifies
that he returned to Pennsylvania in July or j
August, 1867, and never again left the State i
with the intention of acquiring a residence !
elsewhere, has remained in Brownsville ever
since, and therefore his vote should be counted
for Mr. Foster.
Connelly Westcott was born in April, 1847,
and was therefore between the age of twenty-
one and twenty-two years in October, 1868.
This fact is shown by the statement of the
father and mother of the voter to the witness.
Reason Dean was born on the 15th day of
February, 1846, and upon the testimony of a
stranger it is proposed to reject this vote against
the testimony of his father. All those votes
should be counted for Mr. Foster..
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me.
Mr. RANDALL. With pleasure.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask to be
excused from further service on the Committee
of Elections. While the personal relations
betwen all the members of that committee and
myself are friendly and harmonious in the
highest degree, still there exists between sev-
eral of them and myself such radical and
irreconcilable difference of opinion on vital
questions underlying and affecting the duties of
that committee that I think it better for all
concerned I should be excused from further
service on it.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not yield for any
sueh motion, and if the gentleman from Wis-
consin shall hereafter make such a motion to
be excused from further service on,the Com-
mittee of Elections I hope it will be voted
down. I believe that it is necessary for the j
good of the House and the country that the !
gentleman should remain on that committee, j
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman !
from Wisconsin will not press his motion at ;
this time.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not intend to have
the gentleman leave the committee if anything
I can do will prevent it.
W. S. Johnston, it is shown by the testimony
of Dr. F. C. Robinson and G. W, K. Minor,
on the day of the election, and while being
examined by the election board, repeatedly
stated that " his mother had told him that he
was old enough to vote at that election.'' What
better evidence one could have of his age ex-
cept what he might derive from his mother is
not known by the members of the committee
who sign this report. We have already rejected
the vote of Samuel Ogle, even upon the state-
ment of a witness who heard the mother of the
voter state the date of his birth to have been
at a time when he could not have been a voter
at the time of that election.
Uriah Yeager, jr., it is shown by the tes-
timony of A. A. Boyer, esq., a witness for
Mr. Covode, was a resident of the district of
North Union township; that a full examina-
tion was made by the board as to his right to
vote there and at that election before his vote
was received; it is also in evidence that the
same witness was informed that he was a
Republican, so that if his vote was illegal it
surely should not be charged against Mr.
Foster.
As to the votes of William Searight and
James Searight, both these gentlemen were
clerks in Departments in the city of Washing-
ton, and returned home, as is done by every
clerk in every Department here, and their votes
should not be charged by Mr. Covode or his
j counsel against Mr. Foster, especially when the
. fact is, as we are informed, th; t the same train
of cars which carried one of these gentlemen
| home also bore A. S. Fuller, esq., who resides
iu Washington, and Mr. Covode's counsel in
. this case, to the same place for the purpose of
voting for Mr. Covode. The Searights were
j born in Union borough, and never voted in
1 any other place, and it will not do to say that
their votes should be rejected.
Israel Painter, jr., it is testified by 0. P. Fal-
ton, was engaged in work in Venango county,
Pennsylvania, in the oil regions; and for this
i reason the majority have deducted his vote
from Mr. Foster, forgetting that there is no
evidence whatever as to how he voted beyond
the fact that his uncle was a Democrat, or that
he had acquired a new residence; and they
also oafitted to deduct from Mr. Covode the
votes of A. G. Oliver and Morgan B. Oliver,
who were precisely in the same condition, but
which we do not reject as against Mr. Covode.
Jacob Glunt and Samuel Patterson are
shown by the evidence of Jeremiah Mertz to
; have resided in Franklin township, where they
| worked for months before the election ; they
; were single men and mechanics who worked
wherever they could find work; that they never
1 claimed any other place as their residence;
and that one of them in fact owned property
in that district assessed against him. and that
both of them were born and raised in that
township.
Jacob Weitzel's vote is rejected upon the
testimony of S. P. Faulk, who testifies that his
vote was about being challenged at the presi-
; dential election for non-payment of taxes, when
the collector came to the window and vouched
for the payment of taxes that day. It is not to
bepresumed from such testimony that this voter
had not paid a tax within two years, as required
by law. Neither is it to be presumed that he
voted for Mr. Foster, from the outside appear-
ance of the ticket. It also appears from the
same testimony that he has voted in that dis-
trict for five or six years, and that his vote was
not challenged at that election.
Daniel Bowers, it is testified by his mother,
Barbara Bowers, on the 14th of July, 1869, was
twenty-two years of age the preceeding month,
which would make him between the age of
twenty-one and twenty-two years at the time
of the election in October, 1868. Joseph
Skeeley also testifies that from conversation
with his mother, and from an examination of
a tombstone, Daniel Bowers was of age at the
time of that election, and that he assessed him
for tax and collected tax from him for that
year.
John Stiers, it is proved by his own testi-
mony, and he was called by Mr. Covode him-
self, was a resident of the district of Greens-
burg ; there in pursuance of his lawful calling,
intending to become a resident and actually
such, and only prevented from still remaining
a resident by the fact that he could not procure
such house as suited him.
•C. M. Robinson is a single man, engaged in
merchandising about a mile and a half from
the residence of his father.. His father resides
in North Huntingdon township, Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, where the voter whose
vote is objected to cast his vote, but his store
is in Alleghany county; he was born in that
township, and made his home at his father's
house and had his washing done there, and
there is no evidence to show that he ever voted
in any other district than that in which his
vote was cast at this election.
John P. Kunkle (see his own testimony and
the testimony of William Hawk) is shown to
have had a right to vote in North Huntingdon
township. His residence was with his mother
