i8?a
THE GONGRSSSIQNAIi GLOBE
3011
to pus Una pantnpk to «ioa« fcfid
severe division of the Homo, *ad I hope the
reporters will note who pusses betweenthe tell-
ers. My proposition is that under this pan-
graph there shall be no duty above 100 per
rent, ad ralortm.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Chairman, the prop-
osition here is to introduce two classes instead
of three upon this hoop iron. There are three
rates of duty now—U cents per pound, 1$ cent#
aiul 1} cents. The gentleman is wrong in his
first statement, that it is a change from 1J
cents to 1J cents. There is such a rate now at
1} cents per pound. But the gentleman par-
ticularly insists upon it that the present rate of
duty runs up into the hundreds per cent. This
is a {>art of those loose statemeuts to which this
Uuuse is continually treated.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have bet-
ter authority than the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. ^\ell, I have nothing in
the world except the returns from the Treasury
Department, made up from the retnrns and
invoices in the custom-houses. Somebody or
other furnishes free-trade documents which are
considered a better and higher authority. We
■retold in grandiloquent wordshowmuch higher
the authority is; but somehow or other the au-
thority is not produced. Here is a report made
at Mr. Wells's office, the Statistical Bureau, by
his assistant, Mr. Walker, and made up from
the returns from the custom-houses, ana these
three rates are G5 and a fraction per cent., 71
and a fraction per cent, and 57 and a fraction
per cent., reduced to the ad valorem standard
from the custom-houae returns. Sir, I am
tired of hmring of this higher and better au-
thority that somebody has in his pocket or in
his desk, obtained from somebody that imports
iron, sent on from New York to serve a pur-
pose here, some free-trade document. Heaven
oaly knows what it is t There is the return
from the enstom-houses digested, analyzed,
reduced to shape, and reported to us as a pub-
lic document, and I hold that it is somewhat
of an authority to be relied upon. That is the
authority that is continually met bj these broad
anqualified assertions that there is some other
ana bigger authority behind which gentlemen
place themselves. A while ago the gentleman
said it was the custom house that told him
so. That is the first time I ever heard of a
custom-house talking. [Laughter.} It may be
that he meant that the collector told him so;
but he did not Bay that; or it may be that
he meant that the appraiser or deputy collec-
tor told him so; but that was not what he
said; or it may be that he meant that the in-
spectors told him so; bat he did not say that
even.
Sir, I hold here in my hand what the custom-
house has really told, in the only way in which
a custom-house can tell anything, by the regu-
lar returns made day by day, and month by
month, classified and arranged and digested
and prepared, and then reported to us from the
Treasury Department. And instead of run-
ning the duty up into the hundreds of per cent.,
as the gentleman says, they reach very little
above the half of one hundred.
The change made here by this bill is to leave
out of this paragraph all iron wire larger than
No. 5 wire-gauge standard, and it remains, I
suppose, under the duty of 1} cents per pound.
That which is thinner than No. 5 wire-gauge
standard, and not thinner than No. 14, is put
atlj cents per pound ; and all that which is
thinner than No. 14 wire-gauge standard i^
put at 11 cents per pound. I do not myself
know what are these measurements by num-
bers of wire-gauge standard when reduced to
inches and fractions of inches. Wire of No.
1 wire-gauge standard, as exhibited to us in
the room of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I should say was about as large as a common
wooden lead pencil. From that it runs down
to No. 24, the highest number being for the
smallest wire. The thickest wire is at the low-
eat tale. Mid the thiatieat wire at the highest
rate of duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment
! moved by Mr. Brooks of New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with-
draw my amendment, if there be no objection.
No objection was made; and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Allison. tO strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the paragraph before the question is
taken upon the motion to strike out, by adding
to it the following:
ProvUUd, That under this paragraph no rate of
duty shall be collected over 100 per cent, art valorem.
Now, I will ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] if
he will accept that proposition ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No ; there is no such duty
imposed or intended to be. This proposition
of the gentleman's is merely intended as a sort
of slur upon the Committee of Ways and Means,
for nobody ever thought of imposing a duty of
over 100 per cent.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then why
not say so ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a mere triek; I un-
; derstand the trick.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is intend-
ed in good faith. There is a question of vera-
| city between the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
j Schexck] and myself.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all; it is between
i the gentleman and the Treasury Department.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. These returns
and classifications are so confused and so con-
! founded that [bringing his hand down heavily
on &e desk] tl*e devil Uiicself could not un-
derstand them. [Laughter.]
Mr. SIEVLNSON. 1 call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, I tell the
gentleman from Ohio [^Mr. Schexok] that he
may talk of slurs and tree-traders, and yet he
is willing euough to gather information from
the iron-mongers of the country. But when I
present him with the equally good authority of
i importers of the highest elasses of iron, not of
one only but of twenty of them who have made
out these tables, he talks about slurs and about
free-traders and free-trade Democracy.
Now, I have put him to the test in good faith,
'j There is no harm in my proposition to restrict
the duty to 100 per cent, ad valorem. If he
believes it is not more than that he will n ot get off
by saying that it is a slur. But he should accept
the proposition and put it in the law, and thus
11 put ine and my indorsers to the blush if it is
i not true. I do not make propositions like
h this as slurs. I make them because I aver,
not upon ray own authority, but upon the au-
thority of experts, that in this classification of
iron the duty is over and over again more than
100 per cent, ad valorem. I challenge the
gentleman to go on the record and assent to
this amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me a single moment?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Certainly.
ii Mr. SCHENCK. I submit a few statistics
I i from the official report of the Deputy Special
j Commissioner of the Revenue in charge of the
Bureau of Statistics, Treasury Department. If
these figures do not demolish the gentleman's
1 pretended "authority" I do not know what
i will.
Percent.
B nd, hoop, and mroll iron, from
i to 6 inches wide:
Not thinner than I inch.,
*141,681 96
2,632 00
Under 1 inch to No. 20..
Thinner than No. 20..
192,602 60
1,637 30
153,252 25
33.286 44
2,044,988 | 59,297 60 U ot. per B> j 35,787 29
11 at. par D>
11 ct. per ft)
8171 , 212,279 63 11 ct. per lb
J 10,216,1
it 2,552,429 | 55,776 00. li et. per  >
$94,329 90
191,538 69
655
71i
, I 125,217 |
6,284 00
11 ct. per ft ;
2,191 30
1 1
1
 ——, 37.978 59
57*
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Those official
reports—I have studied them—-do not throw
any light on this subject; for in this bill we have
an ingenious classification made for the pur-
pose of throwing dust in the eyes of those who
are not conversant with these subjects. No
retnrns have been made to the Treasury Depart-
ment under this classification. The gentleman
proposes in this bill a new classification, and
then offers me, as bearing on the subject, an
official document embracing retnrns made
under an entirely different classification. We
have had that sort of argument very often in
this debate.
Mi\ SCHENCK. And the argument from
official figures will be very often repeated. The
fentleman from New York having concluded,
hope there will now be unanimous consent
that debate on this paragraph shall termi-
nate.
Mr. BUCK. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by
striking out " 100" and inserting "50," so as
to provide that the duty shall not exceed 50
per cent.
On tba amendment there were—ayes 44,
noes G7 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Beam ax were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 71.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I more to amend the amend- -
ment so as to insert " 75 " instead of " 160."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to; there being—ayes forty-three, noes
not counted.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "100" and inserting "60."
I make this motion for the purpose of calling
attention again to the fact that this paragraph
ought to be struck out, because the only effect
of it is to increase the duty. It does not reduce
the duty upon any class of iron, but introduces
a new classification, and also increases the rate.
I do not know whether the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is correct when he says that
uhder this bill certain classes of iron will pay a
dntj of over 100 per cent. I only know that iron
which now pays 1} cents per pound will pay
