4900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
pablic service. lie had removed from south-
ern Ohio, where he had been elected to the
State senate, -with the hope that the climate of
Minnesota would arrest the disease which has
at length terminated his life. Ho found the
change favorable,' but the enthusiasm and self-
forgetfulness with which he devoted himself
to every good word and work did more to pro-
long'his life than the change of climate.
He never wearied of the noble task of adapt-
ing the experience of his native Ohio to the
organization of the institutions of Minnesota.
He was soon chosen to represent Hennepin
county in the State senate, and continued in
that position nearly six years. He was a
laborious and faithful public servant, and to no
single man is the State more indebted for the
efficiency of the public school system and the
restoration of the University of Minnesota, and
its successful operation at St. Anthony, than to
David Heaton.
When, in 1861, it devolved upon meas Gov-
ernor to cooperate in raising troops for the
national defense, I found him a tower of
strength. His patriotism, his eloquence, his
personal sympathy were all enlisted, and a
new life seemed to animate his feeble frame.
As the contest advanced and the Government
required the aid of men of prudence and integ-
rity in restoring the revenue service in the
South, Governor Chase, whose relations to
Mr. Heaton in the government of Ohio had
been close and cordial, urged him to accept
the position of special Treasury agent and
United States depositary at Newbern, North
Carolina. How faithfully ho discharged that
trust, how his sweetness of temper and purity
of character endeared him to all, how warmly
but unostentatiously he espoused the race
whose wrongs have been transformed to rights
in the furnace of war, how faithfully and sac-
cessfully he labored in the constitutional con-
vention of North Carolina to enthrone liberty
upon law, and how, elected to the national
councils, he has combined gentleness, wisdom,
and firmness, are traits and incidents in the
life and career of our departed friend to which
full justice has been done by his colleagues
and associates in both Houses of Congress;
and 1 will only repeat that I heartily concur
in the justice of the tribute which has been
offered to his memory.
There is an heir-loom in the family of Mr.
Heaton—an autograph letter of Thomas Jef-
ferson to his father, in which the Virginia
statesman anticipated the beneficent influence
of the Ordinance of 1787, with its prohibition
of slavery upon the States present and future
of the great W est. A native of that State which
has well been called the first-born of the
Ordinance of 1787, Mr. Heaton was proud to
be identified with the youngest of the north-
western States organized from the cession of
Virginia to the Republic, and to have witnessed
the march of free institutions from the valley
of the Ohio to the sources of the Mississippi.
His patriotic fervor often led him to predict
that the impulse thus given would not terminate
on existing boundaries, and that the century
would not close without the development of
a new Northwest under American institutions.
In no sense a visionary, he had faith, full and
abiding, in the progress of the Republic; and,
if I mistake not, his last legislative labor was
the preparation and presentation of the bill,
preceding all other drafts, for .the consolidation
of the leading railroads of the South upon a
plan of extension to the Pacific coast. " No son
of the soil in the State and section of his
adoption will labor more earnestly than lie has
doneforthe restoration of fraternal feeling and
all the interests of society.
My feelings prompt me not to extend these
remarks, but 1 deem it more appropriate to
close with a brief biographical record :
1823. David Heaton born at Hamilton,
Ohio.
1855. Elected to the Ohio senate from But-
ler and Warren counties.
1857. Removed to St. Anthony's Palls, and
served six years in the Minnesota senate.
1861. Appointed postmaster at St. Anthony
by President Lincoln.
1863. Appointed by Secretary Chase special
Treasury agent and United States depositary
at Newbern, North Carolina.
1864. Appointed Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, bat declined.
1865. Elected president of the National Bank
of Newbern.
1867. Author of the first Republican platform
in North Carolina, at Raleigh, March 27, and
elected to the constitutional convention, in
which he proposed the bill of rights adopted.
1808. Elected to Congress, where he re-
mained by reflection, and had been renomin-
ated for a third term.
1870. Died at his post of duty June 25, leav-
ing a widow and three children. To these per-
sonal details I add the testimony of my inform-
ant, a citizen of St. Anthony, and an intimate
friend of Mr. Heaton, an ardent lover of equal
rights, and the friend of the oppressed. Almost
his last words were "God bless the colored
people." A true patriot, he loved the flag of
his country with a chivalrie devotion, and his
dying request was that he might be buried in
Newbern, in the soldiers' cemetery, and as
near the flagstaff as possible.
He was a true, noble-hearted, high-toned,
Christian gentleman; affable, yet firm ; modest,
yet bold and maintaining the right, free from
guile and faithful to every trust. More than
honest, he was an honorable man, a safe coun-
sellor and eminently a peace-maker. lie was
a man of many friends, and died without a
known enemy.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Mr. President, the de-
ceased was a native of Ohio, and for nearly
thirty-five years a resident of that State. My
persona! acquaintance with him was slight, but
1 have always heard him spoken of as a man
of pure character, amiable disposition, and
good understanding. In my own intercourse
with him 1 always found him polite, unassum-
ing, modest, and intelligent. That he was a
man of sterling worth is shown by the fact that
wherever he lived he enjoyed the confidence
and esteem ofhisneighbors. When but a young
man he was elected a member of the State senate
of Ohio. Having afterward changed his resi-
dence to Minnesota for the benefit of his health
he was three times elected to the senate of (hat
State. In 18G3 lie removed to North Carolina,
and in 18(i7 was elected a member of her con-
stitutional convention, and in 1888 a member
of Congress. A man who was thus honored
wherever he dwelt must have possessed qual-
ities that command the affection and confidence
of mankind. More might, but more need not
bo said. The simple narration of his life is his
best eulogy.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, after what
has been said, it is scarcely necessary that I
should add a word as to the merits of David
Heatox. I knew him well, and [ cannot ex-
press myself better than to say that a true and
brave man has gone Irom among us; true in
all the relations of life, social and public ; true
to his convictions of duty in every condition in
which life placed him; slender in figure, weak
in physique, but strong in his devotion to right,
and untiring in his advocacy of principles which
he deemed just and true. The thought occurs
to me here of how little consequence it is to us
to look at the personal effects of our conduct
at the time and the results to ourselves person-
ally of our actions, and how all-important it is
to be able to look back at, the end of life when
its work shall have been done, as I have no
doubt David Heatun was able to look back,
and sec a good work accomplished, so that he
could remember with pleasure his course dur-
ing life.
David Heaton was notan ordinary man. He
was a man of unusual intelligence and a man
of extraordinary courage and will. In his devo-
tion to the ideas and to the purposes which he
deemed important to his country and to human-
ity, and in every position in_ which he was
placed, he labored with unfaltering assiduity for
the accomplishraentof these ends ; and in Min-
nesota in her free schools, and in North Caro-
lina in her free constitution, which was largely
the work of his hands, he has left an enduring
monument which shall last to tell the story of
his life.
The resolutions were agreed to unanimously ;
and the Senate adjourned, the adjournment
being by a prior order till half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate met at half past seven, pursuant
to adjournment.
amendments to tax bill.
Mr. SCOTT and Mr. COLE submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 2015) to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes ; which were ordered to
be printed.
ordelt oi' business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Texas Pacific railroad
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume it is not pro-
posed to go into the consideration of that bill
with so thin a Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, unless my friend
proposes to take up the franking bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not propose to take
up that, but the Duluth bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to pass a bill that will take but
five minutes. ["No!" "No!"] I hope Sen-
ators will aliow me to make this explanation:
it is a bill for the benefit of one of the best and
raost honest men I ever knew, one of iny best
friends, who has recently been stricken with
blindness, and it is a just claim.
Mr. STEWART. Let us pass it: do not
talk about it.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him. Is there any objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read first.
The Chief Cleric. A bill (S. No. 939) for
the benefit of Bryan R. Young.
Mr. EDMUN I)S. I ask to have it reported
in full.
Mr. HOWARD. I must object to taking up
that bill. 1 would accommodate the Senator
from Kentucky in almost anything else ; but 1
really cannot give way this evening.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me one word?
Mr. STEWART. Let the bill be read, and
perhaps the Senator irom Michigan will not
object.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw his objection?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the bill
cannot be proceeded with.
Mr. DAVIS._ I will simply say to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that I hope be may never
live to (eel the injustice of the Government, or
to be stricken with blindness, or to receive such
an uneourteous set.
, r • HOWARD. I here is no occasion for
tnat remark. This evening was set aside en-
tirely for two railroad bills. On any other
occasion I would yield with pleasure to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I could objectto any business
being done, as I do not believe there is a quo-
rum present.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the bill '6e read.
