1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
in that township. He was an apprentice to
learn a trade, and soon as that apprenticeship
ended he returned to his home with his mother,
not less than four weeks before this election.
Hawk in his testimony is very clear and decided
upon the point of residence, and no possible
objection can be urged against this vote.
Daniel Bradley's vote is rejected by the
majority in their report on the ground that he
never was a citizen. A reference to page 383
will show an admission by Mr. Covode that the
voter was naturalized on the 28th of July, 1856,
in the court of common pleas of Blair county,
Pennsylvania, and that Daniel Bradley him-
self appeared and produced his certificate of
naturalization, and it was agreed then that so
far as the testimony of the man Mullen, and
taken at Irvine before notary Hoke, would lead
to a different inference is not to be considered.
This vote is admitted by the majority of the
committee, and I will spend no more time on it.
Josiali Plunt and John Mclntyre are also
rejected by the majority upon the ground that
they were not citizens, and these two votes are
deducted from Mr. Foster. We are informed,
and have every reason to believe, that an' ad-
mission like that in the case of Bradley was
made by Mr. Covode's counsel and entered by
the notary before whom the testimony was
taken as to these two votes, but upon referring
to the testimony we do not find it embraced in
the report. There is not, however, any evi-
dence, even assuming that the testimony of the
man Mullen should have its full weight, that
either of these men illegally voted or was not
properly qualified as a voter.
Charles Penrose, it seems, voted in the
Yonngstown district, and it is urged that bis
vote should be deducted from Mr. Foster. If
hearsay evidence is to avail in this case, then
this vote should be rejected; but surely no
tribunal governed by any law will listen for a
moment to the testimony of any one who testi-
fies only to what some one else has said to him.
Certainly this is only hearsay testimony, and
no court in Christendom will receive such testi-
mony as evidence. (See Contested-Election
Cases from 1834 to 1866; White vs. Harris, p.
264 5 Ingersoll vs. Naylor, p. 34; Blair vs. Bar-
rett, p. 316; New Jersey case, p. 24.)
Lewis Simpson, it is alleged by the ma-
jority report, is a negro, and not therefore
entitled to a vote ; and it is also alleged that
he voted for Mr. Foster. The evidence shows
such to be the fact, and under the law this vote
cannot be counted. The law in our State does
not allow negroes to vote, and we therefore do
not claim this vote. It is a little strange, how-
ever, in view of recent legislation, that the
majority of the committee shonld have objected
to Simpson's vote on that ground.
Vincent Nichols, it is testified by Brinker,
was a carpet-bagger, and declared that he had
voted for Mr. Foster. In using the word carpet-
bagger I do not mean any disrespect to any
member of this House. But I would say that
we have let carpet-baggers not only vote, but
take office on a very short residence in the
South; and I scarcely think the majority should
have jjl'owed this to be a sufficient objection
to this man's vote, as in doing so they cast a
reflection on many of their associates. But,
as regards this man Nichols, there is no evi-
dence where or in what precinct he voted, and
I apprehend that it is not to be assumed that
he voted in one district when he might have
voted in another.
Francis Cuslo's vote ia rejected by the ma-
jority on the ground of non-payment of tax
within two years prior to the election held in
October, 1868; but there is not the slightest
evidence that such is the fact. It was in evi-
dence that he had paid taxes at the time of the
October election, 1866, and nobody pretends to
state that he was not regularly assessed after
that date, neither is it shown by any one that
Mr. Cuslo did not pay taxes subsequent to that
time, and in the absence of proof of that fact
his vote should not be deducted from Mr. Fos-
ter. On the contrary, Sinister, the collector
of taxes, says he did pay taxes.
As to Johnston Sproul, the evidence of
Faulk does not establish the fact that Sproul
was over twenty-two years of age at the October
election of 1868. He therefore had a right to
vote without the payment of tax, and it does
not follow because lie paid taxes at the No-
vember election that he had not attained the
! age of twenty-two years between the time of
' the October and November election. This
not being proven, the decision of the board is
conclusive in the absence of any proof of
fraud. The evidence relied upon by the major-
ity of the committee in this case is merely
, inferential, and not positive.
Frank Heiser is objected to on the ground
that he did not produce his naturalization
papers before tho election board. If the
declarations of the voter are to be received in
evidence it will be found, by reference to the
testimony of Thompson, that he voted for Mr.
Covode ; and if his vote is an illegal vote it
should be deducted from Mr. Covode, and also
added to Mr. Foster.
Peter Adams is objected to as a minor.
Neither Isaac George nor Hiram A. Hoops,
who are relied on in this case, prove conclu-
sively the age of the voter, and in the absence
of such proof it is not to be presumed that
this vote was illegal.
Charles Wilson, it is shown by his mother,
Mrs. Pleas. Wilson, was born on the 10th day
of October, 1847; and this election having
been held .on the 13th day of October, 1868,
no objection can be made to his vote.
Leander Corbett, it is alleged, is a minor,
and that fact is attempted to be shown by
hearsay evidence. Houseman so swears ; but
surely that which is not within his knowledge
but is only stated as hearsay is not to be re-
garded as evidence; and the evidence of House-
man shows that his vote was received without
objection. The majority of the committee
seek to impugn this vote, without, as it seems
to me, any warrant.
George Chalfant's vote is attacked upon the
ground that he is a non-resident. His testi-
mony establishes the fact that he was a resi-
dent of Uniontown ; that while he temporarily
resided in Greene county he never was assessed
in that county ; that he was between the ages
of twenty-one and twenty-two years, and all
the time when away from Uniontown he re-
garded that place as his home, and so speaks
of it in his testimony. He also says that he
resides with his mother in Uniontown.
. George Long, it is said, was not a resident
of the district in which his vote was cast, and
had never been naturalized. His testimony
establishes that his father was naturalized while
he was yet a child, which would also result in
his naturalization ; and that he was a resident
long prior to the election. Crombie testifies
that Long jvas in that district in September,
1868.
Edward Devlin is attacked upon the ground
that he is an alien and non-resident; but his
right to vote is shown by the testimony of Long,
which proves him to be a native-born citizen,
and by Crombie also as to his residence.
W. F. Jones, John Boyle, Walter McMichael,
Patrick Harkins, and David Robinson are
objected to on the evidence of Kemp, as illegal
voters; but in the absence of proof as to the
illegality of these voters, and the district
wherein such votes were cast, and the party
for whom they were received, certainly they
would not be deducted from Mr. Foster; and
it is shown very clearly by the testimony of W.
C. Guffey that the facts asserted by Kemp are
not true. By the testimony of Pender it ap-
pears that Kemp had atone time been an inmate
of the penitentiary as a criminal. The major-
ity of the committee take the evidence of a man
who had been indicted, convicted, and sent to
the penitentiary in order to disfranchise honest
citizens, whose alleged disability to vote is
disproved by other evidence.
In addition to this it is clearly shown by the
testimony of A. B. McGrew, the assessor (and
a Republican) of Sewickly township, " that
he assessed no man unless he saw him or had
sufficient evidence that he was in the town-
ship," and by the testimony of John Norcross,
the judge, and Caleb Greenawalt, the inspect-
or, both Republicans, "that there were no
votes taken at the Sewickly poll from any one
who had not fully complied with the law and
further, the testimony of John Stam, the other
inspector, establishes also the fact that there
were no illegal votes polled at that district.
And yet, in the face of this testimony by every
officer of the election, that there was no illegal
voting, the majority of the committee propose
to throw out these votes on the testimony of
a criminal. And although in no part of the
testimony is it shown for whom these votes
were cast, the majority deduct them from Mr.
Foster, while there would just be as much
propriety in deducting thein from the one gen-
tleman as from the other.
John Turner is not shown to have voted
illegally. AH the evidence goes to show that
he was a citizen, and whoever attacks a vote
must prove it to be illegal. He voted without •
a challenge, and to require Mr. Foster to show
that Turner was naturalized, especially when
he is no longer a resident—more than a year
having gone by since that election, and he
having removed from the district—would be
to require such labor as might well induce him
to abandon this contest.
George Coleman's vote is rejected because
he told Uriah Higgenbottom that he had not
been in the State for a period of six months
prior to that election. If the declarations of a
voter made after the election is over are to be
received—only, however, in this case it is hear-
say—to defeat an election and overcome a
vote, the sooner such is declared to be the law
the sooner we will know that all previously
accepted rules of evidence are ended.
The minority concur in the report of the
majority as to the votes offered to different
election boards to be cast for the respective
candidates, but which were rejected, thus
allowing to Mr. Foster three votes, and to Mr.
Covode six votes, that were refused to be
received by officers of the election.
As to the votes of Patrick Cooley, Michael
Cooley, John White, Calvin Halfpenny, John
Wilson, John Cummings, James Cummings,
Patrick Lynch, and John Lyons, of Dunbar
township, it is scarcely necessary to speak be-'
yond saying, that if John R. Smith " is to be
believed," (as it is rather naively put by the
majority in their report,) these men were in
that township lawfully, in pursuance of their
lawful calling, and residents therein. If it be
not improper it may not be amiss to state here
(since Mr, Smith is relied upon to prove agreat
many things) that "if Smith is to be believed,"
we must conclude from the testimony of Mr.
Collins, as also that of Smith himself, that Mr,
Smith is not to be relied upon as a witness. If
he proves anything he proves that he did acts
which were unlawful; and, to use a mild phrase,
that he is a rascal; and such being the fact, he
is not credible.
Although the minority have not, for the
purpose of finding out the true results in this
case, deducted either of these eight votes, it
is said by the majority that one vote was found
in the State ballot-box, in Sewickly township,
upon which was the name of Mr. Foster; and
this ticket, they say, was in excess of the num-
ber of votes upon the list, and that therefore
this vote should be deducted from Mr. Foster.
How such conclusion can be reached passes
our comprehension. If any one can determ-
ine that the vote in excess may not have just
as likely been cast for Mr. Covode as for Mr.
Foster, he will have succeeded better than
can be determined by those who sign this re-
port. So, also, with regard to one vote m
South Huntingdon township, which was found
on the floor, and counted for Mr. Foster.
