3956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
goods or merchandise, and which fire terminable
tipon notice, that said treaties, respectively, shall
terminate at the expiration of such notice, and there-
afterward all goods and merchandise, the product of
such nations or imported therefrom, shall have such
redaction of customs duties when imported from
foreign ports in American wooden or iron vessels,
respectively, as hereinbefore provided.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote whereby the main ques-
tion was ordered, in order that I may move to
commit the bill, with all the amendments, to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Did the gen-
tleman vote with the majority ?
The SPEAKER. There is no record of the
vote. It was not taken by yeas and nays.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts; and there were—
ayes 79, noes 71.
Mr. LYNCH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 95, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer. Armstrong, Asper, jjeaman, Beat.ty, Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Blair, Boles. George M. Brooks,
Burehard, Burr,Benjamin F.Butler, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Crebs, Cullom, Degener. Dickinson, Duval,
Mdridge, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Hay, Heflin,
Iloar, lngersoll, Judd. Kelley, Kelsey, Knott, Law-
rence, Lewis, Logan, Loughvidge, Marshall, May-
nard, MeGrew, McKenzio, McJNeely, ISUakim II.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Ortb,
Packard, Paine, Pomeroy, Randall, llidgway,
Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, John A.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
Stoughton. Sweeney, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner,
TJnson, Welker. Whitmore, Willard, Williams.
Winans, Witchor, and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Benton, Bird, Booker, Bowen,
James Brooks, Buttinton, Roderick II. Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Cleveland, Coburn, Conger, Cox, Donley,
Dox, Ela.Farnsworth, Forriss, Fox. Getz. Ctriswold,
Haight, Hale, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, Hill,
Holrnan, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Kellogg,
Korr, Kctcham, Laflin, Lash, Lynch, Mayham,Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, Merour.Milnes,William Moore,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers, Neglcy, New-
sham, Niblack, O'Neill, Packer, Peck, Perce, Peters,
Potter, Prosser, Reeves, Rice, Roots, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Lionel A. Sholdon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slo-
eum, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stone, Strador, Strickland, Strong, Taife,
Tanner. Taylor, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Voorhees, Wallaco, Ward, Wells, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, and Woou—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnurn, Benjamin. Ben-
nett, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Bardett, Calkin, Cessna,
"William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb. Clinton L. Cobb,
Conner, Covode, Cowles, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon. Dockery, Dyer, Ferry, Fitch, Gibson, Gil-
fillan, Haldeman, llambleton, Hamill, Hamilton,
lleaton.Hogo, Hooper, AlexanderH. Jones,Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Itnapp, McCrary, McKee, Daniel
J.Morrell, Mungen, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Rogers, Sanford, Shobor, Joseph S. Smith,
Stevens, Swann, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Cadwala-
<ler C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, John T.
Wilson, and Winchester—57.
So the motion to reconsider was not
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWES said : Upon all questions con
nected with this bill I am paired with Mr. Cobb,
of North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and according to the agreement pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] this bill will go over till to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I will state now that
I will not, yield for a morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. LYNCH. There was no such under-
standing between the gentleman from Ohio and
myself as the Chair has indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] deny the understanding
that this was to end at the close of the hour?
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands
the gentleman to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. The understanding was
made in the presence of the House, and I de
manded that even if the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] was on the floor at the end of the
hour the arrangement I made should put over
the bill.
Mr. PETERS. I think my colleague [Mr.
Lyncii] is mistaken ; it was so understood
here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I even gave the gentle-
man my reason for not allowing this subject
to occupy over an hour ; that is, that I had
yielded the other day for a morning hour on
pension bills, and two hours had been taken.
The SPEAKER. The arrangement, as the
Chair understood it, was that the bill should
go over at the close of the morning hour, no
matter in what condition it might be. Does
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] assent
to that?
Mr. LYNCH. I will assent to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. And lest the gentleman
should misunderstand to-morrow, I give notice
that I will not yield for a morning hour to-
morrow or the next day or on any day as long
as this tax bill is before the House. I hope
the gentleman will understand that.
Mr. LYNCH. There is no occasion for the
gentleman to make any such statement as he
has, as I am as ready to carry out my under-
standings as he is to carry out his.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to this bill
going over. There is no such understanding,
so far as I am concerned, and we may as well
dispose of this bill now.
Mr. LYNCH. I will allow the bill to be
recommitted to the select committee that
reported it, if consent can be given.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Underwhat conditions?
Mr. LYNCH. With leave to report it back
at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
agree to that.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object for one to
its being recommitted, but not with leave to
report at any time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to its being
recommitted. It is now before the House, and
wo may as well dispose of it.
Mr. CULLOM. Is the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] willing to allow this bill to go back
to his committee without any special privileges
about reporting it back at any time ? If so, I
think those opposed to the bill will not object.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not agree to that.
Mr. CULLOM. Then we will object to any
other arrangement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
internal tax bill, which comes over from Sat-
urday last.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that such is the case; there was no such under-
standing.
Mr. SCHENCK. The understanding was
distinctly made, as the friends of the bill here
heard.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not care what
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] states;
I say there was no such understanding with
the House that this bill should go over at the
end of an hour. If there was a private under-
standing between two members, that does not
bind the House, of which I am a member.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] distinctly stated from his seat
what the proposition was that he made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal to the notes
of the reporters of the Globe as to whether
any such understanding or agreement was
made. Will it anywhere appear in the Globe
that there has been any such understanding
made? The only arrangement I have heard of
is one which the gentleman from Ohio seems
to have had with some member—a sort of
private arrangement. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I understood
the Chair to state to the House the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
and ask if there was unanimous consent to it,
and no objection was made. That is my under-
standing of the matter.
Mr. PETERS. It was not done with that
emphasis; but it was done— 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will not the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr, Schenck] yield to have the
vote taken on this bill, so that it may be
disposed of? Some misunderstanding has
arisen 
Mr. SCHENCK. There has been no mis-
understanding. That is an afterthought.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Well, a difference has
arisen ; and I ask the gentleman to let the vote
be taken now as a matter of economy of time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask permission of the
House to state in two minutes what did take
P The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
minutes from the Globe report.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Schenck:. I desire, also, to have it under-
stood thatattheendofthehour.ifthis matter should
extend so far, even if the gentleman from Maine
should be on the floor the bill will go over."
Mr. SCHENCK. That is exactly what I said.
The Clerk continuing :
"The Speaker. The bill will in that ease go over
until the morning hour to-morrow. Sueh is the
understanding of the Chair.
" Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. I hope the bill will not
go over until another morning hour to stand in the
way of all other business from committees.
"Mr. Schenck. If the bill runs over until to-mor-
row, under no eircumstanccs will I give the morning
hour to that bill or to anything else.
" Mr. Lynch. I now move the previous ques-
tion."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that under the rules of the House when
the previous question is sustained 
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood the House
had given me permission to make a statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make thisstate-
mentas much injustice to the Presiding Officer
as to myself. When I came into the House
the Speaker privately appealed to me to do
something, as an act of courtesy to his col-
league, [Mr. Lynch,] by which this bill should
be disposed of this morning. It was in con-
sequence of that suggestion that I waived my
right to go on immediately after the reading
of the Journal with the special order. I went
to the gentleman from Maine and told him that
I had been disappointed in reference to a yield-
ing which I made on Saturday for the purpose
of allowing the introduction of a pension bill;
that the course which I had then expected was
not taken, inasmuch as the bill ran on through
the morning hour, when the previous question
was called and another hour was consumed.
Thus I gave two hours, when I had intended
to give but one. The gentleman from Maine
said there was no question that his bill would
be entirely disposed of before the end of the
hour. I then insisted that in order to accom-
plish this object he should, if I yielded to him,
call the previous question immediately, let the
morning hour commence, and finish the bill.
I had not the slightest expectation, nor did he
intimate to me, that he had a speech prepared
upon the subject, or that he was going to "farm
out'' the hour, or that any such course should
be taken as was afterward objected to. I sup-
posed he would call the previous question, and
that we would at once vote upon the bill and
dispose of it in some way. In confirmation of
that I may mention that the gentleman told me
he had no doubt the bill would be through in
less than an hour, that he would not require
the whole of one hour. In this^lstate of facts I
yielded, and it was all the while with the dis-
tinct understanding, without which I would not
have yielded, that this business should not
occupy more than one hour this morning under
any contingency. That is all I have to say.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask consent to make a
statement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. LYNCH. I accept the statement of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] as sub-
stantially correct with this exception: I did tell
him I intended to speak on the subject, but that
I did not intend to speak long, and that I had
no doubt the bill would be disposed of before
the hour was out. And it would have been
disposed of long before the expiration of the
