1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
Uow, in addition to the votes admitted by
the majority of the committee to have been
illegally cast for Mr. Covode, twenty in num-
ber the minority find that there were a num-
ber'of other illegal votes cast for Mr. Covode.
On these I shall now proceed to remark.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yield to me, I will move that the
House adjourn. We can finish this business
to-morrow. ,,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] who has two
minutes of his hour remaining, yield to the gen-
tleman from New York to move an adjourn-
ment?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to an
adjournment; but the Chair having stated that
only two minutes of my time remain, I will
say that I shall ask the same privilege of an :
extension of time which the House accorded to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Church-
ill] who brought in the majority report.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will say, Mr. Speaker,
that my purpose is at the close of the speech ;
of my friend from Pennsylvania to move the
previous question, and if that is seconded I
' shall then divide the hour of which.I will have I
control equally between the two sides of the I;
House. I hope we shall bring the matter tea
close to-night if possible.
Mr. WOOD, It will take some hours to close 1 j
the matter. I insist on my motion to adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 59, noes 56.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wood and
Mr. Churchill were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 62.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Rockcastle county, Kentucky, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Owsley county,
Kentucky, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Laurel county,
Kentucky, for the same purpose.
By Mr. ALLISON: A remonstrance of citi-
zens of Dubuque county, Iowa, against the
redaction of import duty on lead.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hardin, Iowa,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hooper's Ferry,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Floyd, Iowa,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Newtonville,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Colesburg,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sunnyside,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cascade, Iowa,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Mc-
Gregor, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dubuque, Iowa,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition' of citizens of Rock Creek,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Strawberry
"oint, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chickasaw,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. ARMSTRONG! Petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege from citizens
of Aaronsburg, Agricultural College, Fleming,
and Farmington Hall, Centre county; Flem-
ington and Potter's Mill, Clinton county; Mur-
ray, Maple Hill, Picture Rocks, Newbury,
Cogan House, Jackson township, Hughesville,
Warrensville, Ralston, Cogan Station, and
Nippenose, Lycoming county; Harrison town-
ship, Bingham, Oswayo, and Germania, Pot-
ter county; Lawrenceville and Marshfield,
Tioga county; all of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. AXTELL: A memorial of the
grape and fruit-growers of Stanislaus county,
California, to regulate the tax on fruit distil-
lation.
By Mr. BENJAMIN : A petition of citi-
zens of Union township, Marion county, Mis-
souri, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Glasgow, Mis-
souri, asking that hides be admitted free of
duty.
Also, the petition of Lucretia Garahan, for
a pension.
By Mr. BENNETT: Petitions from citi-
zens of Collins and of Mill Grove, Erie
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Joseph
Burnham, of company B, sixth New Hamp-
shire volunteers, asking increase of pension.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Nathan Barker and 36 others, citi-
zens of Weston; of John W. Damon and 43
others, citizens of Middlesex village, State of
Massachusetts, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Redmond Creus and
46 others, citizens of Pruntz, Henry county,
and State of Virginia, for the same purpose,
j By Mr. BUCKLEY : A petition signed by
; A. Bodie and 46 others, citizens of Daleville,
: Coffee county, Alabama, asking for the aboli-
i tion of the franking privilege.
; By Mr. BURDETT : A petition of citizens
! of Johnstown, Bates county, Missouri, for the
j abolition of the franking privilege.
j Also, a petition of citizens of Miller county,
j Missouri, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Warsaw, Mis-
souri, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Park's Grove,
St. Clair county, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fairfield, Ben-
ton county, Missouri, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition of James
Burke, of Goliad, Texas, for removal of polit-
ical disabilities.
Also, five petitions from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. COOK : A petition of citizens of
Mendota, Illinois, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Aiso, a petition of citizens of Lock, La Salle
county, Illinois, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Grundy county,
Illinois, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Northville,
Illinois, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bloomingdale,
Illinois, for the same.
Also, petitions for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, from citizens of Vermillionville,
Wilmington, Minooka, and Peru, Illinois.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
East Varick, New York, to compel payment
in advance of postage on all matters sent
through the mails.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Varick,
New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Victory,
New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Red Creek,
New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Throop, New
York, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of
New York, asking an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States acknowledging
Almighty God as the source of all authority
and power in civil government, &c.
By Mr. COX: The petition of J. J. Rich-
ards, George H. Tooss, and others, spring-
makers, &c., for the reduction of the duties on
certain kinds of steel, &c.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of J. C. Stin-
son and 68 others, citizens of Raleigh, Saline
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. D. Hamilton and 103
others, citizens of Pinckneyville, Perry county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of George Lopp and 46
others, citizens of West Salem, Edwards county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of C. M. Ferrell and 36
others, citizens of Elizabethtown, Hardin
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of M. L. Shelly and 50
others, citizens of Cave in Rock, Hardin
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. W. Williams and 51
others, citizens of Sulphur Springs, Williamson
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, tHe petition of H. M. Brewer and 40
others, citizens of De Soto, Jackson county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of James R. Cronigten and
others, citizens of Ash Ridge, Illinois, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Pancost,
Sage & Co., and a large number of other citi-
zens of Rochester, New York, for the abolition
of the duties on hides and skins.
By Mr. DONLEY: A memorial of claimants
under the convention of the United States with
Venezuela.
Also, the petition of E. R. Griffith and 40
others, citizens of Centreville, Washington
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Samuel McGough and 40
others, citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, for same purpose.
By Mr. DUVAL: Seventeen petitions from
citizens of West Virginia, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition of the
citizens of Constitution, York county, Penn-
sylvania, for the abolition of the frankinj*
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mulberry,
York county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hall, York
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Kings-
town, Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Grahamville,
York county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
; of the franking privilege. .
i Also, a petition of citizens of Lisburn, IjUiii-
J berland county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
' of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Saville town-
ship, Perry county, Pennsylvania, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Cumber-
land, Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
