1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3957
hour but for the points of order raised by tlie
gentleman from Ohio and other gentlemen,
which I considered in violation of the gentle-
man's understanding with me.
^ Mr. SCLIENCK. I do not care what dispo-
sition may be made of this question ; but I have
learned never to exercise the courtesy of yield-
ing to the gentleman again.
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman deny
that I told him that i intended to speak on some
of the amendments, but that I would not con-
sume much time?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, if the gentleman
appeals to me, I will say to him that I had no
understanding whatever that he was going to
deliver a speech.
Mr. LYN"CH. Not a speech, but the gen-
tleman understood I was going to speak.
Mr. SCHENClv. I did not understand that
the gentleman was going to occupy any time in
debate. I expected that immediately after
catling the orevious question he would hurry
the biii to a conclusion. Perhaps he meant
that he would speak a little while 5 but I sup-
posed he was to dispose of the bill within the
hour.
Mr. LYNCH. I expected that the bill would
be disposed of within the hour; and, as I said
before, if gentlemen on the other side acting
with the gentleman from Ohio had not made
these interruptions it would have been disposed
of, for 1 had very little to say. 1 wished only
to explain a few amendments.
Mr. SCHENCIv I desire to say, so far as I
am myself concerned, not wishing any misun-
derstanding with anybody and having learned
a lesson for tny future guidance, 1 will not
press any point of order, whether the morning
hour has terminated or not, but leave it to the
Chair to decide.
Tiie SPEAKER. It is due to the courtesy
of the gentleman from Ohio that the Chair
should state his distinct understanding was as
slated by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. 1JE L'EUS. My colleague does not deny
that.
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly not; but the gen-
tleman did not carry out his part of the under-
standing when he interrupted me.
The SPE/VKEIt. Them is no objection, and
the bill and amendments will be disposed of at
this time.
1 lie question first recurred on the substitute
of Mr. Butler, ot Massachusetts, as follows:
Be it e/wctzd I'U ih, Senate and House of Jlepresent-
atmexof the United Stat/^o) A mcrien in ('on[/revsavsem-
bled. That aiier the 1st. day ot' Oetobcr, m the year
1S7U, all goods and merchandise upon the import-
ation of which the United States are not prohibited
by treaty from imposing discriminating or diileren-
tjal duties shall be charged at a rate of customs duties
when imported in American wooden vessels per
tfenf. les.s, and in American iron vessels per cent.
less than it'imported in a foreign vessel.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and hereby is, author-
ised and requested to give noticc to each nation hav-
ing: conventions or treaties of commerce with the
U mu;d 8tatea which piolubits the imposition of dis-
criminating or differential duties upon imported
goods or merchandise, and which are terminable
upon notice, mat f-anl treaties, respectively, shall
terminate at the expiration of such noticc, and thore-
aKeiward ail eroods and merchandise, the product
ot such nation or imported therefrom, shall have^uch
1 eduction ot customs duties when imported from
foreign ports in American wooden or iron vessels,
respectively, as hereinbefore provided.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw that so as to get a vote directly on the
bill.
The question next recurred 011 Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment, as follows:
Sro. —. And he it further enacted, That after the
1st day of October, 3370, all goods and merchandise
upon the importation ot which the United States are
not prohibited by treaty from imposing: discriminat-
ing or differential duties shall be charged a rate of
cusioms duties when imported in other than A mcr-
ic.m vessels ten per cent, in addition to existing
duties.
-Sko. —. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the 1'nued S&ates be, and hereby is, author-
ized und requeued to give notice to each nation
having ronventionsor treaties of commerce with the
b'mteu States which prohibit the imposition of dis-
criminating or differential duties upon imported
goods or merchandise, and which are terminable
upon notice, that said treaties, respectively, shall
terminate at tho expiration of such notice, and
thcreaftenvard all goods and merchandise, the pro-
duct of such nations or imported therefrom, shall b©
charged a like rate of customs duties when imported
from, foreign ftprts in other than American vessols,
as hereinbefore provided.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
67, noes 88.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr. Cox's
amendment, to strike out the following:
Provided, That where American material is used
in the construction of iron, steel, or composite ves-
sels or steamers, thero shall be allowed and paid, as
aforesaid, an amount equivalent to tho duties im-
posed on similar articles of foreign manufacture
when imported.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
84, noes 4(>.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Wood's
amendment, to strike out the following :
Sec. 3. And be it futther enacted. That the owner
of any American registered sail or steam vessel which
shall be engaged for more than six months in the
year in the carrying trade between American and
foreign port®, or between the ports of foreign coun-
tries, shall at the end of each fiscal year m which
such vessel has been so engaged be paid by the col-
lector of the port where such vessel is registered,
upon exhibiting satisfactory evidence, in form to bo
prescribed by the Secretaiy of the Treasury, that such
vessel has been so engaged, upon every sail vessel
SI 50 for each registered ton ; and upon every steamer
running to and from the ports of the North Ameri-
can provinces, $1 50 tor each registered ton; and upon
every steamer running to and from any European
port, four dollars for each registered ton ; and upon
every steamer running to and from all other foreign
ports, three dollars for each registered ton.
Srcc. 4. And be it further eiutafed, That in lieu of all
duties on tonnage now imposed bylaw a duty ot fifty
cents per ton is hereby imposed on all ships, vessels,
or steameis entci ed in the United States from foieign
ports, but the receipts of vessels paying such tax
shall not be subject to the tax provided in section
one hundred and three of an ad approved June 30,
1861, nor by any act amendatory thereof: Provided,
That ships, vessels, or steamers em ployed regularly in
trade between ports of the United States and Mex-
ico, nnd poits south of Mexico down to and includ-
ing _A<pinw;ill and Pnnamu, and ports of the British.
North American provinces, and with the West India
islands, and 110 other trades, shall not beiequiredto
pay the tonnage tax contemplated by this act moro
than onco m each fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Sar-
gent's amendment:
In line fifteen, page 3, after tho word " ton," insert
the words "and upon any steamer rtmning to and
from any port in Australia or Asia, five dollars for
each registered ton."
Mr. SAUGENT. 1 withdraw the amend-
ments, as the section to which it was offered
has been stricken out.
The question next recurred 011 Mr. Inger-
soll's amendment, to add as follows :
Sec. —. And be it further enaeted, That from and
after the passage of this act iron ships of foreign
manufacture, and bein^ the exclusive property of a
citizen or citizens of the United States, shall be
admitted free of duty, and shall be admitted to an
American register: Provided, That such ship or
ships shall not be allowed to engage in the coastwise
trade.
Mr. 1NGEIISOLL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, navs 90, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Afcssrs. Adams. Alison. Ambler, Archcr,
Asper, Beaman, Beatty, Deck, l>iggs, Blair, Lurch-
ard, Burr, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom, i)avis. Begcner. Dickinson,
j)ox, I)yer, Ehlridgo, Tinkelnburg, Fitch, (-{arfield,
(xetz, Haight, lialdeman. Hay, ilolman, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Lawrcnce, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Afa.yham, McNcely, Eliakim 11.
Moore, Jesse If. Moore, Morgan, Morrisscy, Nibiack, .
Orth,Packard,Peck,Piatt. Pomeroy,Randall,Uidg-
way, Schenck, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, btiles. Stokes, Stone,
Strader, Sweeney, Tillman,Tynor,Van Aukcn.Whit-
more, YVilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winsinc, Witeher, Wood, and Woodward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong,Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Benton, Bingham,
Booker, Bovven, James Brooks, BuQinton, Benjamin
]?. Butler, Roderick K. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Church-
ill, Amasa Cobb, Congor, Donley,Duval,Eia, Earns-
worth, Ferriss, Eishcr, Eox,(iriswold, Hale, Harris,
Hawkins, I-Iawley, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hoopor,
Hotcbkiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Kclley, ICellogg, Ivelsey, Kotcham, Lafiin, Lash,
Lewis, Lynch, Mavnard, McCarthy, McCorrniek,
McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie, Mercur, Milncs,Wil-
liam Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
^egley, Newsha-m, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Perce,
Peters, I otter, Prosser, Reeves, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofteld, Lionel A. Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stoughton,
Strong, Taftc, Tanner, Taylor. Townsend, Trimble,
1 wichell, Upson, \ an Horn, Wallace,"Ward,William
B. Washburn, Welkcr, Weils, and Wheeler—99.
VOTING-—Messrs. Arnell, Barnum, Benja-
min, Bennett, Bird, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Cessna, William T. Clark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Covode, Cowles, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, JOockery, Kerry, Gibson. Uiliillan,
ilarabloton, 11 ami]I, Hamilton, Hoaton, Hose,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Knapp, McKee, Daniel
J. Morrell. Mungen, Palmer, Phelps, Poland, Por-
ter, Rieo, Rogers, Sanford, Shober, Stevens, Steven-
son, Strickland, Swami, Van Trump. Van Wyck,
A^oorhees, Oadwalader C. Washburn, Willard, John
T. Wilson, and Winchester—54.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BIRD. I am paired with Mr. Subtests,
of New Hampshire, on the bill and pending
amendments. If he were present at the vote
on this amendment he would vote "no" and I
would vote " ay."
Mr. CONGER. I desire to state that Mr.
Buckley, of Alabama, is absent on account of
sickness in his family.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. LYNCH. As the bill is now substan-
tially reduced to the substitute offered by the
committee, I will withdraw the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may with-
draw the substitute if there is no objection;
but it will only be in order to withdraw it when
it is reached. There arestillfouramendments
pending to the original bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire a division on my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment is
that of the gentleman iron; Iowa, [Air. Alli-
son,] which the Clerk will report.
'The Clerk read as follows:
After the words "United States," in line seven,
page 2, insert the following, "of not less than two
thousand tons burden;" so that that part ot tho bill
lyzil read: "Upon all imported lumber, timbor,
hemp, Manila, and composition metal, and for iron
and steel not advanced beyond rod bars and bolts,
plates, beams, and forging-;, which may be used and
wrought up iuto tlie construction of steam and sail-
ing vessels built in tho United States of not less than
two thousand tons burden," &c.
The question was put; and there were on a
division—ayes 29, noes 87.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Maysakd, as follows:
Strike out tho first section and insert:
That when American material is used in the con-
struction of veisols or steamers, there shall bo
allowed andpaidan amount equivalent to tho duties
imposed on similar articles ol foreign manufacture
when imported.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. Is not that an amendment to the sub-
stitute proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lyncii?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
undeistand it. The amendment is to strike
out the first section of the bill as it stands and
insert certain words in lieu thereof.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the words proposed to be inserted
by the gentleman from Tennessee are the same
as tho proviso already stricken out. If they
are not identical, they are substantially the
same.
'The SPEAKER. Tho amendment is not
the same as the proviso. If it be the same in
effect, that is not a parliamentary point on
which the Chair can rule.
The question wa3 put on Mr. Mayxard's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Schcmaker, as follows :
Insert after the word "cool." in section two, line
two, the words "and supplies necessary for repairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
