1870.
•301s
RBPOMS Ot COMMITM*.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom -was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 43) to refer
the claim of the administrator of the estate of
Captain John Davis, deceased, to the Court of
Claims, to report it adversely. The committee
are of opinion that there are no special circum-
stances in the case which Would warrant remit-
ting the statute of limitations, which is the point
of the joint resolution. I move that it be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
tame committee, to whom were referred various
papers, petitions, and documents respecting
the removal of causes in certain cases from the
State courts to the United States courts, to
report a bill on that subject.
The bill (8. No. 844) for the r&noval of
causes in certain cases from the State courts to
the United States courts, and for other pur-
poses, was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Joseph
Curry, representing that he was disabled while
employed as an armorer in the Government
armory at Harper's Perry, during the war of
1812, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Watson,
praying for compensation for services as a boI-
dier from August 30, 1864, to March 18, 1865,
a period after his term of service had expired;
and in the Army and during which be was in
hospital sick, reported adversely thereon, and
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration : which was agreed' to.
He also, from the same committee, to Whorft
Wis referred the petition of Peyton 8. Alex-
ander, for himself and other heits of Robert
R. Minton, deceased, praying compensation
for forage taken and used by United States
troops in 1865, reported adversely thereon,
and moved that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw bis petition and papers; which was
agreed to.
He Also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. if. Johnson and
E. Ann Johnson, executors of H. and W. Elli-
son, executors of William Ellison, praying to
be reimbursed for property destroyed by Ufli-
ted States troops on April 19, 1865, reported
adversely thereon and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the satne committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of Mary W. D.
Orme, of Washington, praying for compensa-
tion for property destroyed by Federal soldiers
during tne late war, asked to be discharged
from its farther consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 95) for the sale of the Hot Springs*
reservation, in Arkansas, have instructed me
to report it back with a recommendation that
tbe Senate do not concur in the amendment of
the House, and ask Tor a committee of confer-
ence. I therefore move that the Senate non-
concur in tbe amendment of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator frofn
Arkansas reports from the Committee on the
Judiciary adversely on the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the Senate bill in
regard to the sale of the Hot Springs reser-
vation, in Arkansas, and asks for the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses. T3 there
objection? The Chair hears none, and it is so
ordered.
Mr. EDMtTNDS. Let the Chair appoint
the committed pf conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made iC there be no objection.
The VICE-PRESIDENT Subsequently ap-
pointed Mr. Rice, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. hairf-
it/rON of Maryland, as the committee on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. HOWELL, ftom the C6jtttfilltee dnPen-
sionB, to whom was referred the petition of
Harriet De Witt Mitchell, daughter of General
O. M. Mitchell, deceased, praying for a pen-
sion, reported a bill (S. No. 845) granting a
pension to Harriet De Witt Mitchell; "which
was read, and passed tp a second reading.
He alio, from the s^nW committee-, to whom
was referred the petition of Rebecca Shbe-
maker, widow of Absalom Shoemaker, * pri-
vate in company I, twenty-irst regiment Ohio
volunteers, who 'died of disease contracted ih
the service, reported a bill (3. No. 846) grant-
ing a pension to Rebetjta Shoemaker 5 which
was read, and passed to the Secofid heading.
He also, from the satne Cbtartrittee, to whotti
was referred the petition of Petet- Toole, pray-
ing fo* a pension, asked to be discharged from
its farther eohsid<jhrt.iof ; ^rhieh wfcs agreed to.
Mr. SCOTTt fn)m the Obtatarfcte on Claims,
to whom was referred the hilt (H. R. No. 698)
for the reHef of Daniel f£.Wanderlich, of Cham -
bersbarg, Pennsylvania, reported adversely
thereon, aftd moved that the bill be indefinitely
postponed; which was afetfeed to.
Mr." McDONALD. The Committed oh
Territories, to wtmm'was referred thte hill
(S. No. 679) to ofg&niie the Territory of Ohla-
horoa, consolidate the Indian tribes unde/r a
! territorial government, and e&tty oiit the pro-
visions of the treaties of 1866 with certain
Indian tribes, have directed nte to report the
bill back with sttndry amendments afcd a report,
and to tiBk that the report be printed' arfa the
bill tereferred to the cottittiittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbfe
be ordered to 'be printed, and the bill will be
reetotomitted td 'thetomrpittee, if therfe bterio
Objection. ' ' ■ ' 1 •
Mr/SAWER. fiWtte'CdWtWtte* 6nP¥T-
vate Land Claims, to whtftii vfe& referred .the
bill (H. R. No. 40) to (ionfirtn the title of Wit-
. liam M. Garvey to a certain' tract of fend,
reported it without amendment.
He alsOjfrbmihe saniM cbmnrittfefe, to"*Hh>i|i
was referred the petition of Thomas A. Coot,
of Alabama, playing the restoration to him of
certain property sold'by the' United States for
direct taxes, submitted a report, whibh Was
ordered to be printed,;and aslced to be dis-
chargedfrom its farther consideration j which
1 was agreed to.
He also, frorn the safne committee, to •frhom
was referred the petition of John B. Chapman,
| praying the confirmation of his title to certain
land in Washington Territory, asked to bedis-
> charged from its further consideration ; which
1 was agreed to.
Mr. HAB1ILTON, oT Maryland, from %he
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Richard M. Hoe, submitted a
report, accompanied by A bill (8. No. 847) to
extend the term of letters-patent issued to Ri'ch-
, ard M. Hoe.
| The bill was read, and passed to a Second
'reading, and the report was ordeted to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT.* The Comtnittee on Claims,
to whom wAS referred the joint resolution (H.
: R. No. 224) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret
P. Robinson, of Kentucky, and also the peti-
: tion of that lady, referred to the committee by
■ order of the Senate on the 3d of February,
18?0, have had the same under consideration
and lave direbted me to submit a written
report, and to recommend the passagb of the
House joint resolution. I wish to say in this
connection that the committee Hate had under
| consideration a great many claitns of akindred
i character to this, raising the question how far
Congress will compensate loyal owners of prop-
1 erty in the South destroyed during the war or
appropriated and used by the Government.
Several bills have been reported, some of thetn
' have been passed over on the Calendar, and
otherbills will be reached to-day raising that
question. Whenever it suits the convenience
of the 8enate I shall be glad to address some
remarks to this body upon the general propo-
sition involved in those bills, and if ittfiUsftit
tile convenience of the Senate this morning I
Should be glad if they would take up the bill
(S. No. 249) for the settlement of claims for
quartermaster's and commissary stores fur-
nished to or taken by the United States within
the States in rebellion during the late war, that
I may address some remarks to the merits of
that bill. :
Mr. WARNER. I move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 249. to allow the Sen-
ator to submit his remarks.
Mr.. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that I should like to be allowed to make some
reports.
Th4 VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the proposition of the Senator from
Alabama will be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it merely for the pur-
pose of allowing the Senator from Indiana to
express his views?
Mr. PRATT. That is all.
. Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that consent is given to the Senator
frtm Indian^ fco address the Senate upon the
bill referred t6 by him ; but in the mean time
he fields for moaning bufciuess,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary,, tp^hom \yere referred two Senate
bills to fix the time for the election of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates in the Congress of
the United States, and also a bill from the
House of Representatives for the same pur-
pose .have instructed me to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix th« time for the
-election of Representatives and Delegates in
the Congress of the United States, with a
reijqinpieudation that it passi
. 1>e VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar. ...
. Mr. TRUJ1B0LL. I mora that the biU(S.
Up. 72.7) to JLs the (ipe for .the electiou. of
Representatives and Delegates in the Congress
of the United States, and the bill^S- No. 308)
to establish a uniform time for holding elec-
tions for electors of President-awd Vice l?res-
identof the United Statesand Representatives
in Congress in all the States ity the Union, be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to. , .
Mr. STEWART., I am very anxious that the
bill (S.No. 810). to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, of the United $tates
shall be made a special order. I offered a res-
olution for that purpose* and I hope the yote
will be allowed to betaken on that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to allow
the proposition submitted by him, to place the
bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment on the
Calendar of special orders, to be now acted
npon.
Mr. FERRY. Let us go on with the regu-
lar order. That resolution is on the Calendar
of resolutions, I suppose. <
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
i|r, WIJjSON, from the Conamittse on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 172) directing the survey
of a route for a railroad on the west bank of the
pQtomac river from a point opposite George-
town to. Harper's Ferry, reported it without
ameijdroent. „ ,
ftfr. MORRtLL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriation?, to whom was referred
a letter of the Secretary of the Interior com-
municating papers in relation to the claim of
T. Bruauier and Goewey for subsistence fur-
nished for th^ protection of Fort Union in 1866
and 1867, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs j which was
agreed to.
