3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 848) to incorporate the Connecting Rail-
tray Company of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
849) to authorize the sale of certain lands re-
served for the use of the Menomonee tribe of
Indians, in the State of Wisconsin ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
KNfORCRMBNT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have a
vote on the question of making Senate bill No.
810 a special order.
Mr. FERRY. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Whatisit?
Mr. STEWART. It is a bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, by
unanimous consent, agreed to allow the Sen-
ator frOm Indiana to call up a bill for the pur-
pose of consuming the remainder of the morn-
ing hour in discussing its merits, not for action
on the bill.
Mr. STEWART. He is willing to give way
to allow a vote to be taken on my resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana give way for that purpose?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
referred to is the third on the Calendar.'
Mr. STEWART. We shall reach it in a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
on the Calendar of resolutions laid over will be
stated in their order. The first resolution is
one offered by the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
WiLi.iAJf.s] to amend the recent rule of the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I move that it be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second reso-
lution on the Calendar is one offered by the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] for
a recess from five to half past seven o'clock,
for the consideration in the evening of bills
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STEWART. I move that that be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution is the resolntion of the Senator from
Nevada that the bill (S. No. 810) to enforce
the fifteenth amendment be made a special
order.
Mr. POMEROY. Is that on the Calendar?
Mr. STEWART. It is on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Notontheprinted
Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Chair, is it on
the printed Calendar of resolutions for the
morning hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The'Chaif holds
that it is on the Calendar, and for this reason:
when a committee report a bill, any motion
naturally growing out of that bill is in order,
because the bill is then before the Senate; but
it is subject to the rules of the Senate. The
Committee on the Judiciary reported by the
Senator from Nevada this bill, and asked that
it be made a special order, introducing a res-
olution to that effect. The resolution was
objected to, and therefore, like other resolu-
tions, went over one day for consideration. '
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ne-
vada introduced a resolution to that effect I
have nothing to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not necessary that
it should be in writing unless that was requ ired
by some Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair re-
garded it as a resolution, as in the case of the
bill with regard to mail-steamship service with
Australia, which was discussed several days in
the morning hour on a resolution of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads to refer
it to some other committee. The resolution
to make this bill a special order is before the
Senate, and it requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What will be
the effect of thus assigning it as a special
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will make it
the next special order after the bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege, which is
now the only special order on the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to have
the Senate consider the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill very soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
state that special orders when reached can be
passed over by a majority vote, as any bill on
the Calendar can be passed over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not exactly
see why this bill should be made a special order
at the present time. If there is any obstacle
to considering a special order when it is made
it seems to me we Bhonld not make it; and if
it is the intention to consider it to the exclu-
sion of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, I think I ought to object.
1 wish, therefore, to have a distinct under-
standing whether it is the iutention of the Sen-
ate, after having gone through the regular call
of the Calendar according to the present order,
to make any order whatever which shall fur-
ther postpone the consideration of that appro-
priation bill.
Mr. STEWART. There will be no dispo-
sition to antagonise this bill against the appro-
priation bills; but I should like to have it in
such a condition that it can be reached as soon
as any ordinary business is transacted. It is
quite important that it should be passed on
account of several State elections that are to
take place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ldo not wish
to interpose any objection to any desire of the
Senate, except that I wish it distinctly under-
stood that when the Calendar has been gone
through under the present order I shall desire
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Mr. STEWART. We all understand that
Mr. FERRY. It certainly appears to me
that there is no necessity for placing the bill
upon the Calendar of special orders. It is ob-
jectionable at any time to place a bill upou
that Calendar unless there be immediate, press-
ing necessity for its passage. It breaks in on
the general order of business; and there are
orders here, as to which we have been waiting
an indefinite period of time for them to reach
the attention of the Senate, which stand now
at the very head of the list of general orders,
and by this action of the Senate they will again
be, as it were, postponed indefinitely.
Now, what is the necessity? This is a bill
to enforce the fifteenth amendment, of course
relating to elections in the States; and its
practical operation cannot be called for until
after the adjournment of the present session of
Congress. There may possibly be one of the
Pacific States in which there is to be an election
before the adjournment of Congress; but I
know of no other. So that if the bill is passed
at any time during the present session it will
meet the evils which it is intended to meet
precisely as well as if it were placed on the
Calendar of special orders and were passed
to-morrow. It is a bill which must inevitably
involve considerable debate. The third section
of the bill—I think that is the section—unin-
tentionally doubtless, in effect repeals every
registry law in the United States in my judg-
ment, though the feill itsglf as a whole I approve
of and shall vote for. But I do certainly insist
that it shall not push other business equally
pressing out of the way when there is no im-
mediate necessity for its passage. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion. It requires a
two-thirds vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEIiOY. I have been so anxious
to proceed with the Calendar of general orders
that I feel reluctant to vote for any special
orders atall. Now, if the Senator from Nevada
will move to put this bill at the head of the
Calendar of general orders, we can, when we
proceed to the Calendar again, take it up. If
it is made a special order, it only comes up
after the frankiug bill, which has already beeu
a special order for a month and has not yet
been reached. This bill will not be reached
any quicker by making it a special order than
by putting it at the head of the Calendar of
general orders. Then, under our rule, wheu
we can return to the Calendar of general orders,
it will be the first bill to be considered. Will
not that suit the Senator?
Mr. STEWART. We may as well take a
vote on the resolution as it stands. I do uot
wish to make any remarks about it, as I do
not desire to interfere with the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. POMEROY. A majority of the Senate
can pat it at the head of the Calendar of gen-
eral orders, but it requires a two-thirds vote to
make it a special order.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I want to take
the sense of the Senate upon it. I shall not
occupy any time upon it, as I do not wish to
interfere with the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill which the Senator
from Nevada lias in charge is certainly very
important, and no one can take a greater inter-
est than I do in it; but I suggest to the Senator
whether it would not be better to let it stay on
the Calendar and then take his chance of moving
it some time after one o'clock, which he could
do against any pending business, unless we
were in the execution of an order, as we are
to-day. But I suppose at any time, when we
have up, if you please, the franking bill or the
appropriation bill, it would be in order for the
Senator to move to postpone either of those
measures in order to proceed with this bill, and
that could be done by a majority vote.
Mr. STEWART. I would prefer to accept
the suggestion of the Senator from Kansas.
Let the bill by unanimous consent be placed
at the head of the Calendar of general orders.
Mr. FERRY. I object. That is the same
thing precisely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not occupy any
time; but the rules provide for special orders.
In special and exceptional cases of transcend-
ent public importance the rules foresaw that
the body should have a right to act upon them
in preference to everything else without the
fear of any member putting it off, short of a
majority, or embarrassing it. Now, I admit
that no bill ought to be made a special order
unless it is a matter of general public pressiug
importance. If it is it ought to be put at the
head of the Calendar, which is merely a spe-
cial order, and other things ought to wait for
it. It seems to me that this is one of those
measures. I am generally opposed to special
orders; but this is a measure that affects the
rights and interests of the people in all the
States respecting their internal affairs growing
out of the fifteenth amendment, in respect to
which, although they may not have elections
until next fall, it is necessary that they should
know in advance what the machinery of the
law is to be, so that their executive and other
officers can adjust their action and put their
State machinery into an order of conformity
with it. Therefore, although I cannot discuss
the merits of the bill on this motion, and do
not wish to do so, it is a matter of great publl°
importance to be acted upon and disposed or,
TJjere may be faults in the bill; undoubtedly
there are. They can lje porregted; but we
