1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Also, a petition of citizens of Hopewell Cen-
ter, York county, Pennsylvania, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cumberland
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Brodbeck's,
York county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Andersonburgh,
Perry county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cross Roads,
York county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Keystone,
Perry county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of ci'.izens of Perry county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of White House,
Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAY: Petitions of citizens of Casey-
ville, St. Clair county; of Trenton, Clinton
county, and of Randolph county, Illinois, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS : A petition of soldiers
of the war of 1812 for pepsions.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
ofthecitizens ofColdSpring, Campbell county,
Kentucky, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLEY : A petition of the Eagle
Cotton Mills Company, Kennedy,Childs & Co.,
and Holmes, Bell & Co., manufacturers of
cotton goods, Philadelphia, representing 850
workmen, protesting against certain erroneous
statements in the last report of Commissioner
Wells, and asking that Congress wiil order a
searching examination of the whole report.
By Mr. KERR: A memorial of 20 citizens
of Orange county, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a memorial of 40 citizens of Indiana,
J)raying for the abolition of the franking privi-
ege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Petitions of Ezra B.
Hoag and 36 others, of Attlebury; of Daniel
P. Wheeler and 38 others, of Washington
Hollow; of Isaac Merrett and 19 others, of
Hart's Village; andofA. J. Briggs and 4 others,
of Manchester, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 38 citi-
zens of Polkville, Columbia county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of LeRoy,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
_ Also, a petition of 39 citizens of Morans-
yille, Columbia county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 46 citizens of Windham,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 39 citizens of Milan, Brad-
ford county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of East Can-
ton, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 32 citizens of North
Orwell, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Griffin Lott and 20
others, citizens of Wyoming county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of W. A.
Glasgow and 7 others, from Botetourt county,
Virginia, for the removal of the franking priv-
ilege.
^ Also, the petition of Joseph A. Mitchell and
22 others, from Cherry Grove, Rockingham
county, Virginia, for the removal of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph Marston and 28
others, for the removal of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John W. Simmons and
3-5 others, for the removal of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of T. W. Winsbow and
29 others, from McGaheysville, Virginia, for
the removal of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio : The petition of
D. T. Bruce and 73 others, citizens of Plants-
ville, Morgan county, Ohio, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: Peti-
tions of citizens of Summit Post Office, Cambria
county; White township, Cambria county;
Summerhill, Cambria county ; Loretto, Cam-
bria county, and Newton Hamilton, Mifflin
county, Pennsylvania, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of thirteen firms engaged in
the manufacture of pig and bar-iron and nails
in western Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio, rep-
resenting 4,084 workmen, denying the correct-
ness of certain allegations in the report of
Commissioner Wells, and asking that Congress
will order a special and searching examination
of these and other allegations of said report,
that the truth may be made public and error
effectually confuted.
Also, the petition of James H. Dysart & Co.,
S. C. Baker, William H. Canan, jr., Myers &
Donat, and Mentzer & Rothrock, miners and
manufacturers, of Blair county, Pennsylvania,
representing 272 men, praying for a refutation
by Congress of certain erroneous statements in
the report of Commissioner Wells.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Boet-
ticher, Kellogg & Co., and John H. Sonntag,
of Evansville, Indiana, praying for a reduction
of the duty on steel.
By Mr. NUCKOLLS: A memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of Wyoming Territory,
asking for an increase of pay for members of
said Assembly.
Also, a memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of Wyoming Territory, asking for an extra ses-
sion of the Legislature of said Territory.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
of Knox, Grovertown, and Toto, Stark county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of J. E.
Brown and others, citizens of Irvington, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POTTER: Petitions from citizens
of Mamaroneck, Scrub Oak, New Castle, Je-
rome, Sloatsburgh, Nanuet, and Bentonville,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of George C.
Hager, claiming payment for rent of black-
smith shop and tools.
Also, the petition of J. M. Ferguson and 80
others, citizens of Johnson county, Kentucky,
praying the establishment of a post road from
Paintsville, Johnson county, Kentucky, via
Flat Gap to Blaine post office, Lawrence county.
• By Mr. RIDGWAY: The petition of C. N.
Page and others, of Albemarle county, Vir-
ginia, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Mokelumne, California, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
AJso, a petition of citizens of Punta Arenas,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Brown's Val-
ley, California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of a place not
stated in the petition, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Nevada City,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Knoxville,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of St. Helena,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Shingle Springs,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Walnut Creek,
California) for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Amador county,
California, praying for certain amendments of
the United States land laws.
By Mr. SHELDON, of New York : A peti-
tion of 1,688 citizens of Chautauqua *nd Catta-
raugus counties. New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. H. Day and 55 others,
citizens of Farraersville, New York, praying
the exemption of cheese manufactured at fac-
tories from lax under the internal revenue laws.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: A petition of the
; Burlington, Cedar Rapids, and Minnesota Rail-
way Company, in favor of a reduction of duty
on steel and railroad iron.
By Mr. SPINK: The petition of C. M.
Northup and 40 others, citizens of Elk Point,
Dakota Territory, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of Eaton
& Ayer and E. P. Emerson, of Nashua, New
Hampshire, for the reduction of duty on im-
ported steei.
Also, petitions of D. W. Jones and 33 others,
; citizens of Mace; of J. A. Hall and 45 others,
I citizens of Brookline ; of Charles Hehnan and
I 56 others, citizens of Nashua; ofT. 0. Knowl-
i ton and 45 others, citizens of Francistown ; of
Nathaniel C. Lear and 28 others, citizens of
Newbury; of John P. Jewell and 58 others,
citizens of Franklin ; of John H. Goodrich and
22 others, citizens of Lyndeborough ; and of
P. C. Shaw and 61 others, citizens of Hill, in
the State of New Hampshire, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Amaziah
J. Hamilton, a citizen of Jonesboro', Tennes-
see, praying for a pension.
By Mr. STRADER: Petitions of James
Johnston and 38 others, citizens of Pleasant
Run, Hamilton county, Ohio; of S. W. Markley
and 26 others, citizens of Sweet Wine, Hamilton
county, Ohio, and of John P. Langdon and 12
others, citizens of Lindwood, Hamilton county,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of George
Calvert, of Prince George county, Maryland,
praying compensation for the loss of ferry-boat
and injury to his property by the United States
military authorities.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from citi-
zens of Giles county, Prospect post office,
fourth district Tennessee, asking the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a memorial from Unionville, Bedford
county, fourth district Tennessee, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of E.
S. Davies and 41 others, citizens of Williams-
port, Pickaway county, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD: Petitions of C. H.
Steven and others, citizens of East Montpelier,
Vermont; of Charles Pike and others, citizens
of East Warren, Vermont; and of O. W. Or-
cutt and others, citizens of Roxbury, Vermont;
all praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: Petitions from
Tuscarawas Coal and Iron Company, Canal
Dover, Ohio, representing 300 men; English
& Dixon, manufacturers of agricultural imple-
ments, New Philadelphia, Ohio, representing
100 men; Williams, Latimer & Co., woolen
manufacturers, same place, representing 40
men; J. P. Burton, representing 300 miners
and iron founders of Massillon, Ohio; Lee &
Stover, representing 250 workmen in the same
branches of business at the same place; Rus-
sell & Co., manufacturers of agricultural im-
plements at the same place, representing 500
men ; Killinger & Co., manufacturers of stoves
and machinery at the same place, representing
40 men; Crawford Coal Company and Willow
Branch Coal Company, representing jointly
450 men, asking fof a thorough examination
of Wells's report.
