1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
stand, stall, or privilege, shall be entitled to the oc-
cupation thereof, and shall be considered as having
the good will and the right to retain the possession
thereof for the term for which the sale has been made
and the rents are promptly paid; and the rents shall
only be raised byconsent of themayorand the com-
mon council: Provided, however, That such right to
the possession of such stands or stalls may be sold and
transferred by such purchaser, under regulations to
be fixed by the by-Jaws of said company; and in the
ease of the death of any such purchaser during the
existence of his lease, it shall be disposed of as other
personalproperty; and the municipal government
of said city snail, at all times, have power to make
and enforce such police regulations with regard to
said market and the management thereof as tho in-
terests, convenience, health, and safety of tho com-
munity may require.
* Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That tho capital
stock of said company shall be 81,OUU,OUO, and shall
consist ©f twenty thousand shares of fifty dollars
each. Tho stock may be subscribed for upon the
books of the company, which shall be open at tho
oliico of said company, in the city of Washington,
on the Monday following tho final passage of this
act, at twelve o'clock noon; said books to bo kept
open until the whole amount of said stock shall be
subscribed or so much thereof, not less than fifty per
cent, of the whole amount as a majority of said cor-
porators shall deem sufficient to authorize the said
company to commence work. A cash payment of
ien per ccnt. shall be paid at tho time of subscrip-
tion to said stock to the person or persons authorized
to leceivc the same. That as soon as the stock is
subscribed as above mentioned, and the payment
made as aforesaid, the said corporators, or a majority
of them, shall call a meeting of tho stockholders at
someplace in Washington City, District of Colum-
bia, by advertisement in one or more of tho daily
newspapers in said city, ten days previous thereto,
and the stockholders, in person or by prosy, shall
proceed to the election from among the stockholder
by ballot, of thirteen directors for conducting and
managing the business of said company for the term
of one year from the time of their election, or until
tho lirst Monday of January next ensuing their elec-
tion, if that day should happen to be less than ono
year from the election; that said directors when
elected shall immediately appoint one of their num-
ber to be president of tho board of directors, and also
another of their number to be treasurer of said com-
pany. In the absence of tho president a majority of
said directors may appoint a president pro tempore;
and a majority of said directors shall constitute a
quorum for tho transaction of business.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted. That said direct-
ors may fill any vacancy which may happen in thou*
own body during the time for which they are elected,
and in ease of the death, resignation, or disqualifica-
tion of tho president or treasurer to fill the vacancy
to servo for tho residue of tho torin ; and the stock-
holders on tho first Monday of January in each and
every year thereafter shall elect by ballot, at tho
office of tho said company, a new board of thirteen
directors from among the stockholders, from whom
apresident and treasurer shall be appointed as above
mentioned, to hold their offico for one year from tho
time of their election and until their successors aro
elected and qualified. JSawh stockholder shall bo
entitled to one vote for every share of stock held by
him or her at tho time, which may bo given by tho
stockholder or by proxy at any general or spccial
election, of which general or special election notice
shall be given by advertisements in one or more of
the daily nowspapers in said city ten days previous
thereto.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, That tho^ plans
submitted by tho incorporators, as set forth in the
schedule annexed to this act, and which schedule is
made part of this act, and as set forth in tho draw-
ings referred to in said schedule, shall bo adopted
for such now buildings and market square. There
shall be one or more entrances to said market grounds
between Seventh and Ninth streets, on Pennsylva-
nia avenue or Louisiana avenue, oi suitable width
and height for the accommodation of pedestrians.
Sec. 6. And be -it further enacted. That the treasurer
of said company shall, before he acts as such, give a
bond to the company in such penally and with sucli
security as the president and directors shall require,
conditional for the faithful discharge of tho duties
and trusts committed to him. All salaries shall bo
fixed by the president and directors.
Sec. 7. Andbc it further enacted, That the shares m
said company shall be deemed personal and not real
estate, and shall be transferable in such manner as
the by-laws of the company shall prescribe; and tho
shares hold by any individual shall bo liable to bo
attached or taken in execution to satisfy the debts
due from any such stockholder in like manner as
other personal property may be.
Sec. B. And be %t further enacted, That the said
president and directors of said company shall havo
power to demand and receive of tho stockholders the
remaining nine-tenths of said stock from tiino to
time, as they shall deem necessary: Provided, That
such calls shall not exceed the rate of fifteen percent,
thereof per month; and if any stockholder shall neg-
lect or refuse to pay tho amount due and demanded
within thirty days after said demand the said shares
may be forfeited, or not, by said directors at their
0*Sr!o.9. And beit further enactcd, That the said pies-
ident and directors shall have power to contract
with any person or persons for tho necessary work
on the grounds, and for the construction of build-
ings, stands, stalls, and all necessary fixtures 5 to
appoint a gen oral superintendent and other laborers,
and to affix tho amount of compensation for labor.
as well as for all materials furnished said company,
and to do all acts which by this act and the by-laws
of said company they may be authorized to do.
Sec. 10. And beit further enacted, That the said
company is hereby required to purchase and pay for
all buildings and fixtures which may be upon the
above-mentioned ground belonging to individuals
within a reasonable time after the passage of this
act, the price of which shall be agreed upon by th«
president and directors of said company and tho
owners (should they demand any pay therefor) of the
aforesaid buildings and fixtures; and whenever the
president and directors and the owners of said prop-
erty cannot agree as to the price of said buildings or
fixtures, then m such case the company shall select
one competent person, and the owner shall select
one competentperson, and they,thetwo,shallchoosc
a third one, who shall proceed to value the buildings
and fixtures, and a decision of a majority of the
three shall be final as to the value of said property,
and tho amount so agreed upon shall bo paid to the
owner thereof before the same is removed from tho
grounds aforesaid. That in caso tho owner of said
property will neither sell said property nor choose
an arbitrator, as aforesaid, to value said property,
after ten days' notice so to do, then in such case tho
said company may proceed to remove the same to
some place 0if said grounds without being liable to
an action for damages.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall, within sixty days irom tho time it
gets quiet and peaceable possession of the real estate
mentioned in this act, commence work thereon, and
so prosecute tho same that buildings lor stores, halls,
market grounds, stands, stalls, and. other purposes,
and all market buildings shall bo fully comploted
within two >ears 01* less from the commencement
thereof; or in ease the said company &hall not com-
mence said buildings within tho time aforesaid, or
having commenced shall fail to complete the same
within the time aforesaid, or having completed tho
frame shall permit the same to get out of repair or
become dilapidated ; and should the said company
fail to comply with any of the conditions of this act
for tho space of sixconsecutivo months the franchise
hereby granted to said company shall be forfeited,
and too rights and privileges hereby granted shall
revert to tho United States.
ShC.12. And be it further enactcd, That thcprivilego
conferred by thisactshall beenjoyed bysaid company
for tho term of ninety-nine yoars, unless sooner term-
inated lor a non-compliance or abuse of the condi-
tions herein imposod upon said company, which may
be done by suit, in tho name of the United States, to
recover possession of said properly. At tho end ot
said period of ninety-nine years tho said lands, with
all the erections and improvements thereon, shall
rovert to tho United States, unless Congress shall by
law extend the period of occupation tUcreof by said
company.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That tho real
estato herein described is hereby vested in the said
corporation for and during the &aid term of ninety-
nine years, or until a lorfeitureof its rights and priv-
ileges by abroach of the conditions herein imposed
on said company, and said estate shall be taken and
considered as a determinable feo. The real and per-
sonal property of said corporation shall be subject to
assessment and taxation for all District and muni-
cipal purposesin the same manner and to the same
extent that like property in the city of Washington
owned and possessed by individuals is liable to as-
sessment and taxation.
Sec.14. And be it further enacted, Thatin consider-
ation of the privileges granted by this act to the
Washington Market Company tho said company
shall pay, yearly, every year during the said term of
ninety-nino years, unto the city ot Washington the
sum of $16,000, which sum shall bo received by said
city and set apart and expended by and under the
direction of tho city government ot said city for the
support and relief of the poor of said city and of tho
District of Columbia; and said city may cnlorce the
payment of said sum from time to time as tho same
shall become clue, cither by an action at law or by the
same proceedings now authorized by law for the
collection of taxes by said city.
Sec. 15. And be it further cnactcd,That if the cor-
porators named in this act, or a major part of thorn,
shall refuse or neglect, for sixty days from and alter
the passage of this act, to accept the franchise hereby
created, or if having accepted tho same they shall
havo forfeited the same within two years from and
after the passage of this act, then and in thatcabe u
shall and maybe lawful for any citizens of the city
of Washington, to tho number of twenty or more, to
associate themselves together by articles in writing,
subscribed by them, whereby they shall undertake
and agree to accept the franchise conferred by this
act, and to perform ail the conditions therein im-
posed. Said articles shall be recorded in the office of
the register for tho city of Washington, and there-
upon such associates shall become a body-corporate
and be invested with all tho rights, privileges, and
immunities conferred, by this act upou the corporator
named therein.
Sec. 16. Andbeit further enactcd, Thatthocitygov-
ernment of Washington shall havo the right 10 hold
and use, undei such jules and regulations as tho said
corporation may prescribe, the open space at tno
intersection of Ohio and Louisiana avenues with
Tenth and Twelfth streets as a market for the pur-
chase and sale of the following article*, to wit: hay.
straw,oats, corn, corn-meal, seed of all kinds,% wood
for sale from the wagon, cattle 011 the hool, swine on
the hoof, countryproduoesoldin quantities from the
wagon, and such other bulky and coarse articles as
tho said corporation may designate. And from and
after sixty days Irora tho p"*„«3ngc of this act market-
ing of the products named herein shall be excluded
from .Pennsylvania and Louisiana avenues and the
side-walks and pavements thereon.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That- all acts and
parts of acts of the board of aldermen and board of
common council and of Congress inconsistent with
this act are hereby repealed; and that this act shall
be deemed a public act, and shall take effect from
and after its passage. But Congress hereby reserves
thoright to legislato in respect to saidproperty hereby
granted, and to amend or repeal this act.
Mr. TANNER. If there is no disposition
to discuss this bill I shall move the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment.
Mr. TANNER. I will hear it.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the bill
by adding to it the following:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to prevent the erection of market-houses in
the city ot Washington or Georgetown when erfected
by private or individual subscription,
Mr. TANNER. I admit the amendment to
be voted on; and I now demand the previous
question 011 the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and underthe operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. Being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TANNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
The call having reached the Committee of
Claims,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, how many minutes remain of the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Thirteen minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
only a few minutes remain, I should like to ask
that these few minutes be not counted as tho
morning hour for tho Committee of Claims. J
ask this because we have so much business.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on the claim of George W. Treaver, of Leaven-
worth, Kansas, against the United States 5 and
the same was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] to move a change of certain refer-
ences.
CHANGES OF REFERENCE.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by -unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, re-
ported back the following bill and petitions ;
and the same were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
Bill (li. II. No. 474) to provide for the con-
tinued supply of artificial limbs to soldiers:
Petition for an artificial limb, of Phineas
G. Pearson, company C, second Ohio volun-
teers ; and
Petition of lawful voters in Naples, New
York, that the benefits of the bounty act of
18GG be extended to the drafted soldiers and
volunteers of 1801 and 1862 who were dis-
charged as unfit for service in consequence of
disenee contracted in the service.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions the bill (H. R. No. 475) to ox*®nd
the time for the presentation of claims for addi-
tional bounties under the act of July 28, *obo,
and to move that the same be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
lhat this bill, instead of being referred to the
Committee on MilitaryAffairs,be atonce passed.
