1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4903
vision that the President of the United States
should fix the gauge of the road. They will
also remember that the then President of the
United States, Mr. Lincoln, fixed the gauge at
five feet. It created a good deal of disturbance
and a good deal of interference with the cal-
culations of those who were about to enter
upon the work, and application was made to
Congress ou the subject; first, of course, to
the President, and being unsuccessful in pro-
ducing a change in his purpose, application
was made to Congress, and early in the follow-
ing year, on the 3d of March, 1803, Congress
passed a law fixing the gauge at four feet eight
and a half inches. That was done in obedicnce
to the interests of the railroads that were to
connect with the great central trunk Pacific
railroad.
Now,_ when those who are to invest their
money in this Southern Pacific railroad, those
who are to undertake this great work, come to
look at all the roads that are to connect with
them, all the feeders to this road, they can
determine what the gauge should be, which
gauge will be most to the advantage of thegreat
trunk road. If the gauge is fixed at five feet
I am apprehensive that it will interfere mate-
rially with the connections on the Pacific end
of the rofid. I believe the railroad system of
California, as at present completed or pro-
jected, is upon a gauge of four feet eight and
a half inches. If, however, the interests of
the road coming from this end require that the
gauge should be five feet, of course the people
on the western end cannot object to it, but will
submit gracefully to the decision of the com-
pany that is undertaking the work. I give
notice, therefore, that when this amendment
is perfected I shall move to strike out all that
relates to the gauge in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts some further modi-
fications of his amendment, in order to make
the meaning clear, 1 suggest to him to insert
after the word "entire," in line forty-five, the
word "main," and then to insert after the
word " railroad," in the same line, the words
"from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, Cali-
fornia." That will make the meaning clearer.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts modifies his amendment
in that way.
Mr. SAWYER. Let it bo reported, as
modified.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the clause will read:
. The track upon the entire main line of said rail-
road from Marshall, Tex:is, to San Diego, California,
shall be of uniform width, and the gauge thereof
throughout tbe whole extent thereof shall be, and
lieiuby is, established at iive feet.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not feel disposed to
allow the remarks made by the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from South
Carolina to pass unnoticed. The Senate will
bear me witness that I did not express any
apprehension of a renewed rebellion ill the
South. I did not mention or refer to any such
subject in any way whatever. 1 stated the fact,
which those gentlemen have not denied, the
existence of winch I learned the other day from
nu officer high in command in the TTrtion Army,
who got his information during the war of the
leMlion, that the five-feet gauge of southern
nuhoaus was adopted long years before the
,1'bi'lhoii as a part of the preparation for the
i-l.cliiou which afterward they precipitated.
'i'.;;* t is all 1 said. I did not express any appre-
l r-i>Moii of another rebellion.
Cut, tir, here is the point of the thing: they
cimie here and ask Congress for legislation,
v. miout which this Southern Pacific railroad
cannot be made ; they ask for a charter; they
ask for corporate tranchises and privileges;
they ask for material aid in the shape of a grant
of lands, and they call upon this Congress now
distinctly, since the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to give all this aid to a railroad
which is to be made in conformity, so far as
the gauge is concerned, with the southern sys-
tem of railroads. They ask this Congress, a
large majority of which represent northern
States, the States that had to contend with the
people that devised "the five-feet gauge as a
defensive measure—they ask us now in this day
to give them a railroad with a gauge which
shall be conformed to their advantage, and
shall be out of conformity to the gauge of all
the rest of the Union nearly,
Mr. President, the simple question is, is it
wiser for the railroads in the South that wish
to connect with this road, with a guage of four
feet eight and a half inches, to put down
another rail on their tracks and connect with
it, than it is for the whole system of railroads
in the North and west of the Mississippi created
by the munificence of this Government to
change all their tracks to correspond with that
of this one ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
Missouri permit me to ask him a question ?
Would it be as just to require the Kansas Pa-
cific road to put on another rail, running from
Ellsworth to El Paso westward by way of Yuma
to San Diego, as it would be to force the south-
ern railroads to give up their gauges, and make
a road with a gauge in the interest of the St.
Louis line?
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Louisiana
puts one element in that remark of his which
he has no right to put there. I do not speak
here in the interest of any railroad. I speak here
in the interest ofthe entire system of railroads in
the North. I represent as to this matter no
particular railroad ; I represent the entire sys-
tem of railroads in the North. And now, sir,
if there is to be a change to conform to the
interests of one sot, of roads or the other, is it
not proper that this gauge representing but a
fraction of the roads of this country should be
made to conform to that which belongs to the
great majority ofthe roads ofthe country?
Mr. President, I insist upon it that this Con-
gress has no right to deliberately pass an act
which is to tend to continued sectionalism in
that southern country. We have been strug-
gling against sectionalism there. We have no
right to feed that spirit of sectionalism by any
legislation of ours for another hour.
But, sir, I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate. On this question, whenever it
is taken. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays we re ordered.
Mr. WARNER. I only wish to say a few
words. It is charged that the system of five-
feCt gauges in the South was the work of the
rebellion, and in the interest ofthe rebellion.
I challenge the proof. There is not one parti-
cle of proof to that effect. These gauges were
fixed on commeicial principles, on the same
considerations that fixed other gauges.
Mr. DRAKE. I will give the gentleman
what was stated to me if he will allow me.
Mr. WARNER. Well, what was it?
Mr. DRAKE. A Union general stated to
me that in the course of the war of the rebel-
lion he became acquainted with a leading rail-
road man in the South who had been familiar
with the railroad system almost from the time
it grew up there, and he communicated to him
the fact that the whole of that system of five-
feet gauges was secretly devised and under-
stood long years ago as a part of the system
of things there that was looking forward to the
rebellion.
Mr. WARNER. That amounts to this, that
somebody told the Senator that somebody else
told him that it was so. That is all there is of
it. Novy I want to put it to the Senate whether
we in a railroad measure, a matter of com
mercial and business interest to the South, are
to make it a mea-ure of confiscation. Is this
measure, which is purely a commercial meas-
ure, to be made a punitive one? Aie you m
this legislation going to punish the South for
rebellion ? This is the issue the Senator makes:
in this railroad legislation, a purely commercial
and business matter, which ought to be decided
upon business principles, he proposes to min-
gle a measure of confiscation, to make the gauge
of this road a punitive matter, a matter of pun-
ishment because of the rebellion.
Now, Mr. President, there is no connection
between the questions. In urging a five-feet
gauge I and other southern Senators are simply
true to the commercial interests of our people;
and it is the wisest act against rebellion and
against sectionalism that we can do. If there
is anything calculated to stir up a feeling of
sectionalism and bitterness it is such speeches
as that of the Senator from Missouri, who would
base railroad legislation upon punitive consid-
erations. It has nothing else in it.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. PresTdent, I have a
word to say about this matter. In regard to
the naked question of gauge I freely say that
I am for the narrower gauge. So far as I am
informed, the experience of railroad men is
that railroads can be run cheaper and better
at four feet eight and a half gauge than they
can with the broader gauge. So much for that
naked question. But, sir, why is this question
of gauge brought in here at all ? This is the
reason : the Pennsylvania Central, the Cairo
and Fulton, and all the trunk lines that lead
down to Marshall in Texas, have the four feet
eight and a half inch gauge. Then what is the
result? You ship through from San Francisco
by that road, and we have no southern route.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
North Carolina permit me?
Mr. ABBOTT. No; I will not be inter-
rupted. I have got but little to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poms-
roy.) The Senator from North Carolina will
proceed.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is an error of fact
I wish to correct.
Mr. ABBOTT. Sir, I am in favor of a
Southern Pacific railroad. If it is necessary to
interpose this technicality in regard to gauges
in order to make a road that will empty into
our southern ports and run through our south-
ern country, and leave there its droppings of
wealth in the transit, then, sir, I interpose the
five-feet gauge. I am free to say that I see a
cat in this meal as big as an elephant. I see
a cat in this meal, and I see something more
than in imagination a great trunk line running
down from Cairo to Marshall, and no passen-
gers going through the Slates of Alabama,
Mississippi, South Carolina, and North Car-
olina, or any traffic going to the great ports
now existing in the South, or the prospective
ports.
When I go back to the people that I in part
represent, and say that I favored and voted for
a Southern Pacific railroad, I do not want any-
body to have the opportunity of saying that I
sold out to the Pennsylvania Central railroad.
I think that language cannot be misunder-
stood. And now, sir, I give notice to all my
friends that are in favor of a Southern Pacific
railroad that it is best to be on our guard, and
if we have a Southern Pacific railroad let us have
one, and not a road which is just equivalent to
the Union Pacific, or the Northern Pacific, to
which we have given in our generosity, by our
votes, an empire.
I appeal to my honorable and distinguished
friend from Michigan [Mr. Howakd] who has
pledged that we shall have a thorough Southern
Pacific railroad to stand by us in this matter.
On that pledge we voted for the subsidy of the
Northeni Pacific railroad, and now we ask him
to stand by ns in this matter.
Mr. STEWART. He is with you ; he is nil
right.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is about all I have to
bay in regard to this matter. I should like to
ha\u uthsr restrictions put in if it were possi-
ble. In fact, I should like to blot out the con-
nection of the Cairo and Fulton railroad audits
