2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
The principle of the bill has already been
affirmed in connection With another bill which
is now before the Senate, and which may not
be so readilj reached,, being connected with
other taeastirgs reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs* By the aet of 18-69, the
fourth, section of which this act repeals, the
right to file claims for bounty was limited to
December 1, 1869. This limitation is mani-
festly unjust, and the pending bill repeals that
limitation.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal
section four of the act of Congress of March
3, 1869, entitled "An aet in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes," and
declares that there shall be no limitation upon
the right of soldiers entitled to apply for addi-
tional bounty under the said act of March 3,
1860.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill wgis then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BtOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND OIIIO RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. McKENZIE, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Railways and
Canals was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill (H. 11. No. 141V) authoriz-
ing a subscription by the city of Washington
to the Alexandria, Loudon, and Hampshire
Railroad Company, or to the Washington and
Ohio Ilailroad Company; and the same was
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
geo kg a S. atkinson.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill (II.
It. No. 1552) for the relief of George 8. Atkin-
son, late assistant quartermaster of volunteers;
which was read a first and second time.
The question wiis oh ordering the bill to bo
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs that the prin-
cipal accounting oflicdrs of the Treasury, in
adjusting the accounts of George S. Atkinson,
late assistant, quartermaster of volunteers, shall
credit and allow him the sum of ,$2,013 01, tho
principal vouchers for which sum wore lost
and destroyed in May, 18G5, by tho burning
and destruction of the Government vessel
Kale Dale.
llr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. T call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that tho motion to
reconsider bo laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william a. WHEELER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on tho memorial of William A. Wheeler, pray-
ing Congress to indemnify him for losses under
certain contracts with the Navy Department,
and moved that the same bo laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
j. E. CLAItKE AND TIEIIIS (W J f. PUABOBY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 19-1) for the icliefof J. Ed-
wards Clarke and the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of John T. Peabody, deceased; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to J. Edwards Clarke,
late marshal of the United States provisional
court of the State of Louisiana, the sum of
$7,451 60, and to the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of John T. Peabody, deceased, late
clerk of said court, the sum of $3,986 (54, in
full satisfaction for allowances, claims, and
expenditures of said officers in behalf of tho
United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the report.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report, but
was interrupted by
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order. I make the point of order that this
joint resolution makes an appropriation and
must be first considered in Comtoittee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should
have found that out from the reading of the
joint resolution and not of the report.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
is evidently too late to make that point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order would
have been good if the gentleman had made it
when the joint resolution was read. It was
read distinctly in his hearing. The Chair
overrules the point of order on the ground
that it is made too lato.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the report;
but before he had concluded the morning hour
expired, and the bill went over until Friday
next.
0xidftii os business to-moreow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to move to go
into Committee of tho Whole on the state of
the Union on the tariff bill. My colleague
[Mr. Stevenson] has not finished his Speech
in committee, and there is time enough for
him to complete it before two o'clock, But
before doing so, I desife to say that there is
such a pressure by the number of gentlemen
who desire to speak on the tariff bill that I
would propose, if agreeable to the House, that
to-morrow be assigned for discussion in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without business, during which discussion
speeches Upon tho tariff may bo made, being
quite as much iti ordef in Committee of the
Whole on tho slate of the Union as speeches
upon any other subject. I ask consent that tho
House shall meet to-tnoM'oW for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may by
the same consent limit debate in Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union to-
morrow to tho tariff hill. If the HouSe should
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for general debate another list
of speakers would be entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; then I will ask
that the session of to-morrow be devoted to
debate in Committee of the Whole on tbe state
of the Union on the tariff bill, without other
business.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask the chairman
of tho Committee of Ways and Means when he
proposes to close the general debate on the
tariff bill? I think we have reached a point
when we might fix a time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know whether it
is possible now to fix the time. I have desired
that a pretty general debate might be permitted
upon this subject, and we have been so inter-
rupted by privileged questions that I think we
had better defer fixing the time for closing
debate at least until Monday morning. I think
that early next week, or certainly by the middle
of the week, we can close the general debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks thatgeneral consent be given to an arrange-
ment whereby the House shall meet to-morrow
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the tariff bill. Is there objection?
The Chair bears none.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
siaey a. 1jickekd5k13.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Mary A, Bickerdyke, of Galesburg,
Illinois, and that it may be passed now.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 would ask if the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions have examined the
case ?
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I object to the
introduction of the bill unless it be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. PAINE. Very well; let it be referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1553) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary A. Bickerdyke, of Galesburg, Illi-
nois, was then read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
order of business*
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make another
proposition to the House. I learn that a num-
ber of gentlemen expected that the session of
to-morrow would be assigned for debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and they desire to speak upon other
subjects than the tariff. I therefore ask consent
of the House that there be a session to-night
for debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Tho SPEAKER. At two o'clock to-day,
oven should the Committee of tho Whole not
vote to rise, the Speaker would be compelled,
under a rule of the House lately adopted, to
assume the chair; because by that rule the
third Friday of each month, from two o'clock
till the adjournment on that day, is assigned
to the business of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, should they claim it; there-
fore, if the House should order a session for
this evening it would be under the control of
the District Committee, should they claim it.
It would be impossible to mako the arrange-
ment suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sciienck]
until the business of the Committee for the
District of Columbia shall be developed dur-
ing the afternoon.
Mr. ALLISON. Could it not ha done by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It could be; but the Chair
would not like to submit the proposition to the
House unless the chairman of the Committee
for the District of Columbia [Mr. Cook] were
present. He is undoubtedly iu his committee-
room preparing business for two o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would not like to inter-
fere with any arrangement heretofore made
by the House, and will withdraw my sugges-
tion in regard to the session of this evening.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committe on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
lh,e same:
Joint resolution (H. II. No. 191) granting
condemned guns to the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
taking tub census.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to ask unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Com-
mittee on the Ninth Census a bill for action at
this time. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] will yield to mo for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SCHENCK. What is the bill?
Mr. STOKES. Some days since the Secre-
tary of the Interior addressed a letter to the
Speaker of this House, inclosing a communica-
tion from the Superintendent of the Census
with the shaft of a bill to amend the census act
