3016
THU1 COS"QWIBSIWSMj GLOBE.
Ipril 27,
the buildi««s akoald be dortwyed i they, should
rather be protected; but tho people.should be in-
formed that' so long as an army can subsist among
them recurrenees of these raids must bo expected;
and we are determined to atop them at all hazards.
Say 8 the historian:
" This order Sheridan, ifi returning down the tall ej ,
executed to the letter. Whatever of grain and for-
age had escaped appropriation or destruction by one
or another of the armietf which bad so frequently
chased each other up and down tbis narrow out fee-
tile and productive vale was now given to the torch.
Some of it was the property of men who n t only
adherfcd to the Union, but were fighting to uphold
it; uiore belonged to Quakers, Tlinkers, Ac., who
abhorred bloodshed and hod taken no part in the
strife unless under absoluto constraint."
General Sheridan, in writing -from Wood-
stock, Virginia, ou the 7th of October, 1864,
to General Grant, thus tells the story of the
devastation:
"On moving back to this point the whole country
from the BJue Ridge to the North mountain has
been matfo untenable for a rebot array. I have de-
stroyed over two thousand barns filled with wheat
and hay and farming implements: over seventy
inilis fitted with flour and Wheat; have driven in
front of the army over four thousand bead of stock,
and have killed and issued to the troop# pot less
than three thousand sheep. This destruction em-
braces the Luray valley and Little Tort vail(iy. as
well as the main valley. A large number of horses
have been obtained, a proper e ti &te of whieh I
cannot now make.
Still later than this, on 27th November,
1804, General Sheridan issued his orders to
General Merritt, commanding first cavalry
division, to proceed next morning, with two
brigades of his division, to a certain section
of the valley, which includes Loudon county, ;
and to consume and destroy all forage and
subsistence, burn all barna and mills and their :
contents, and drive off all the stock. He adds,
by way of emphasis, "This order must be
obeyed literally." t . 1
Such, Mr. President, is war. Its mission is
to kill, capture, and destroy. It aims to infliqt
upon the enemy the greatest amovnt qf mis-
chief consistent with rules of civilised warfare.
Between independent nations it is the struggle
of giants for mastery, often for national life.
War represents the collective forwf of one
nation dealiag powerful blow* upon its adver-
sary. It means the concentration of all ies
energies in the work of destruction. It sjeelfcs
to annihilate or capture the armies and to pos-
sess or destroy the resources of the enemy.
Considered in thjs light, there can be no ju$t
criticism upon this harsh- war measure, It
was not in retaliation fpr the recent burning
of Chambersburg nor the arson and butchery
at Lawrence. Its true scope and purpose were
to destroy the resources upou which the rebel
armies subsisted in that valley of plenty.
Well, sir, from this diversion Icomebacktothe
illustration I was about to give. la this single
county of Loudon were two hundred and thirty-
two sufferer* from these orders whole loyalty
to the Government at the time their property
was captured and destroyed is beyond dispute,
just such men as the historian describes; men
who not only adhered to the Union, but wore
in many oases fighting, to uphold it. What
shall be done with their cases? They present
their' bills, with appraisements certified to be
fair, for property burned, $199,228 24; for live
stock driven away, $61,821 13. The livestock
taken was all appropriated by the Government.
A part thus gathered up from the valleys was
sold by a special agent of the Treasury, and
hrought $83,588 59, which has gone into the
Treasury., But the most valuable part of the
cattle seized were culled out and slaughtered
for the use of the Army, while a large number
of the best cows were kept back for the use of
hospitals and the quarters of officers rod sol-
diers.
I ask agaia," pn the plain facte as I have stated
them, what sh&Jl be done with these bills?
These two hundred and thirty-two loyal men
are at the bar of the S,enate demanding justice.
Their property, what was not consumed, has
come into the possession iJtid use of the Gov-
ernment, aud has never bewj paid for.
I come bow to spesi «f taofchefr olaas of
losses.
In time of war capture of the enemy's
vessels is one of the legitimate methods of
reducing his resources and overcoming his re-
sistance. The captured vessel becomes a prite
of war. It is the duty of the captora to take
it within the jurisdiction of a priae court and
have it libeled and condemned. The lawful
course in such cases is to give public notice of
the proceedings in admiralty, so as to allow all
claimants of the vessel to come forward and
assert their claims. If the vessel captured
belonged in fact to a friend of the Government
who was not responsible for its predicament at
the time of capture, upon making this fact
known to the court ha is entitled to its restora-
tion vpou payxhent of salvage. But if there be
no appearance, judgment of condemnation goes
by default. If the owner lived within the rebel
lines it was scarcely possible that notice of the
proceedings against his property shotild reach
him, It was of' frequentoccurrencfithafcthe ves-
sel was needed by the Navyec land forces, and
was not thus sent into port, for condemnation,
and in the vicissitudes of war was lost,or de-
stroyed. Most commonly it was condemned
and gold, And, the proceeds divided, one half
going to this eaptora and the remaiader into the
Treasury, . Vessels ware itv soma tasea seized
to prevent their falling into the hands of the
enemy. I will give some illustrations of this
class of losses to loyal owners, .
While General Grant was in oommaad at
Cairo, apprehending an advance of the rebels,
he issued an order for the seizure of all. st earn-
er and water craft, in order to prevent their
billing into the hands of the euetfiy and being
used by them to traiWport.their forces acrtiss
the rivtir. One steamer, belonging to a citisen
of Illinois, ih an unfinished condition, was
auj>k While in process ofbeiag towed to Cairo
under this order. The owner was a.loyal rain.
AU his means had been invested in the build-
ing of this boat. And here lot mo say that
yesterday the Senate passed a joint resolution
referring this, gentleman'* claim to tho Count
of Claims. General Grant proposed to,him
to rebuild his vessel, but is the hurry of military
events at that stirring period of the war itwias
neglected. This occurred in the fall of 1861;
but to thia day this loyal owner has never been
reimbursed by his Government, though all the
facta as I have stated them are certified to be
true by General Groat This man, too, is
before Congress for relief.
Another loyal man who- lived in tny own
State owned a valuable steamboat which was
employed in navigating tbo Mississippi and its
lower tributaries. .Early in the war he was
engaged in the transportation of passengers
and freight from Memphis up White river. His
boat was seised by the rebel military authori-
ties and pressed into their service. The owner,
glad to escape with his life, came North and
afterward eutered the Union serviee, and died
before the close of the war. He, too, had in-
vested all his means ut tbis boat,. After its
aeiaure by the rebels he never saw it again.
He was reduced to poverty. In the course
of the war this steamer was recaptured by
the god-boat flotilla wider Commodore Foote,
at the fall of Island No. 1Q. It was a clear
case of postliminy. The owner had done noth-
ing to forfeit his rights. The rebels had no
priae court) aad of course the boali had never
been condemned, - By the clearest principles
of InternatieaMtli' law be was entitled to his
boat upon paymeafc of salvage. . Congress had
affirmed this fight. Other vessels captured
at the same time belonging ko rebels were taken
into port and regularly condemned in a prize
court. But this man's boat being useful as a
transport was turned over to the land forces,
and used by them for months, until, while
in the service of the United States, it was acci-
dentally destroyed. A clearer case of a valid
demand upon the 'Government could not well
bfr'i*|iifisi«e4  And yet his widow, who supports
her family by her needle, has been for years
a suppliant at the bar of Congress, ineffect-
ually appealing to its justice.
, And here Is still another case ranging under
the saUe head. A northern liria doing busi-
ness at Mobile at the outbreak of the war had
their steamers seised by the rebel authorities
and pressed into their service. AVhen our fleet
entered the bay of Mobile.one of these vessels
was sunk, another captured; proceedings for
its condemnation were instituted in a distant
ftorthern court; ,b t the owners had no notice
of them. The Vessel was condemned, sold,
and the money divided between the capturing
vessels and the Government. That which was
paid into the Treasury is there to-day. The
senior of the firm, a gray-haired old man whose
loyalty- was the admiration of rebels even,
and who lost the great bulk of his fortune in
consequence of his loyalty, demands of the
justice of Congress that the money in the na-
tion's Treasury received from the sale of his
steamer shall be paid him. And yet this mod-
est demand has not yet been heeded.
I will state one more case of peculiar hard-
ship belonging to this class. A devoted friend
of the Government, not able to make his escape
northward, was thrown into a southern prison.
He owned valuable property in a northern
State. His agent Who was looking after it
enlisted in the Army of the Union. A base
informer falsely charged him with disloyalty.
His property was seized under the stringent
laws enacted in 1861 and 1862, condemned as
enemy property, and sold. Of course there
was a default. How tfas it possible that he,
languishing in a southern prison, should have
notice of what was transpiring? When the
war was over and he could make his way
North he found his property confiscated and
others in possession of it. When he made his
application to court to be allowed to defend
and repelithe base charge of disloyalty upou
which his property had been swept away the
court did not hesitate on the proofs to set.aside
the judgment. The stain upon his honor Was
removed, but the court could not restore him
his property. The offioers of the law and the
informer had a good part of the money realized
from its said. The remainder, sir, is in the
Treasury of the United States, and Congress
thus far has failed to do him the poor justice
of giving back to him this remnant; not more
than one sixth part of the value of his prop-
erty.
Time would fail me, Mr. President, to com-
ment upon that untouched class of losses where
buildings, public and private, fences, standing
timber, ana other property savoring of realty,
belonging to men wholly loyal, suffered the
ravages of war. You know, sir, how large
was the demand of the Army for buildings as
store-houses, for hospitals, and for quarters
for officers and troops. You know how forests
were felled, and the timber and fences Used for
fuel, fortifications, and bridges. 1 need not
paus  to do more than allude to this familiar
class Of losses.
In some cases the necessities of war required
the destruction of buildings. In the Shenan-
doah valley only barns and mills were burned,
and then oaly because they stored forage, grain,
and food. But sometimes it happened, as in
Padueab, for instance, that the position of a
fort required the destruction of buildings in the
neighborhood which sheltered sharp-shooters.
A gentleman in that city who had built a cosily
residence before the war had to submit to the
hard necessity of seeing it burned by order of
the officer in command for the safety ol his
men. Is it matter of surprise that he is here
asking Congress to make him whole.
But, Mr. President, I will not weary the Sen-
ate by multiplying instances. I have said enough
to illustrate the character of the losses for which
relief is sought.
I come bow to the point where we encounter
