IH
Senate.
APPENDIX TO THE CONWEESyiONAL GLOBE.
[February ly?
Railroad Land Grants—Mr. Thurman.
41,st Con«....2d Wess.
These, sir, are objections wholly irrespective
of the policy of making such grants: first, that
the.corporation has no power to accept the
grant, and that it will be time enough for us
to make a donation like this when the State
of Oregon shall authorize the corporation to
accept it; and secondly, that this" protection
to actual settlers is rendered nugatory by the
mortgaging power which seems to be contained
in the bill.
Here I wish, however, to sayin respect to this
mortgage, that I find no clause in the charter
of this company which authorizes it to make a
mortgage. There is certainly no express power
to do it, and I find no power to borrow money
and pledge the property of the company which
has been construed to contain a power to mort-
gage. Under the general power to purchase
and convey real estate, contained in the char-
ter, such as maybe necessary for the purposes
of the company, it has again and again been
decided by the courts that there is no mort-
gaging power whatsoever; and therefore I do
not find in this charter any power for the com-
pany to mortgage its property. It may be that
there is such a thing in the laws of Oregon, but
if so it has escaped my search. If that is not
the case, then I wish to put this question to the
gentleman who has this bill in charge: where
does he get the right of Congress to add to the
faculties of a State corporation and confer upon
it a power to mortgage its property when the
State charter, under which alone it lives and
has its being, confers no such power?
It may be said that it is a condition upon
which this grant is made that the company
shall execute such a mortgage. You may, of
course, make this grant conditional ; but the
condition must be one that the grantee is able
to execute, able to perform. That is plain
enough law. Any condition that this company
by its charter has capacity to perforin, thatyou
may make a condition of your grant; but you
cannot make that a condition which the grantee
lias no legal capacity whatever to perforin,
'i herefore it will not do to say that here is a pro-
vision that will give any security at all, if it is
to depend entirely upon the operation and
eft'ect of an act of Congress. You must point
out in the charter granted by the State, and by
which and under which this corporation alone
has an existence, the power, or the power does
not exist. I say, then, that this provision in
the bill which recognizes a mortgaging power
is all a nullity, unless you can show that by
the charter of this company it has the power
to execute such a mortgage; and I have looked
in vain for any such power. But if I am wrong
in all this, if the company has the power to
mortgage, then the other consequence of which
I have spoken necessarily results; then a sale
under the mortgage may wholly defeat the
provision in favor of actual settlers.
As I said, Mr. President, these are objections
that are peculiar to this bill, and are irrespect-
ive of the general question under considera-
tion. I now proceed to discuss that, and I
trust that in doing so I shall not weary the
patience of the Senate. It is not ray intention
to make an elaborate speech, much as the sub-
ject deserves full discussion. I have not the
strength to do that, even if I had the desire.
But there are certain considerations that I can-
not forbear to press upon the attention of the
Senate, however brief and imperfect may be
their presentation. At the same time, I feel
oppressed by the consciousness that I shall
speak to unwilling ears. I know that a great
many of these land grants have been made. I
know that to railroad companies in fourteen
States there had been up to two or three years
ago, according to the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Laud Office, granted no
less than fifty-eight millions, nearly fifty-nine
million acres of the public domain. More land
than is contained in the States of Ohio and
Indiana put together; more land than is con-
tained in the States of Indiana and Illinois put
together, had been granted to private corpora-
tions by the Congress of the United States, in
fourteen States of the Union, up to the time of
that report. Since then what enormous grants
have been made! Since then twelve million
acres or more have been granted to the Union
Pacific railroad; seven or eight millions more to
the Central Pacific railroad; twenty millions, at
the very least, to the Northern Pacific railroad;
and now before us are a dozen bills or more
by which it is proposed to grant subsidies to
railroads running in every direction over the
continent, and thus to absorb over a hundred
million acres more. I ask, has not this policy
gone far enough?
I am no enemy to railroads. I passed over
the railroad to California last summer, and I
confess that every mile I traveled my heart
throbbed with pride at the thought that there
was such a great structure as that spanning
this continent. I wish it well; I wish every
one of these improvements well; I wish the
new States well. They have no better friend,
to the extent of his poor ability, on this floor
than I am; but I wish the people well, too,
and their interest is paramount.
And now, sir, what makes me oppose this
bill is this : the greatest source of prosperity
this country has ever had, except the freedom
we enjoy, has been our cheap lands; and in-
deed it may be almost said, and said with truth,
that but for our cheap lands we never could
have had or maintained our freedom. It is that
cheapness of land which has enabled so large
a proportion of the American people to become
owners of real estate, which has enabled even
the humblest of men to stand erect on his own
acres and say '' Here is my own home, and here
no man dare molest me; this cabin, humble
though it be, is my own castle, and the Gov-
ernment itself dare not invade it; this land I
will leave to my children after me, and they
will be, as I am now, free and independent
tillers of their own soil." To this fact, more
than to any other of a material nature, are we
indebted for that honest pride, high spirit, in-
dependency of character, self-respect, and
obedience to law that distinguish our people.
But now, Mr. President, every year makes
it more and more difficult for a poor man to
get a farm; every year makes it more difficult
for a poor mechanic to get a tenement; every
year land is more and more engrossed, and the
price of it enhanced until it is out of the reach
of the poor.
Sir, do not let any mau tell me what an im-
mense domain we have ; do not let him over-
whelm me with figures of the thousand and odd
millions of acres which arc still unsurveyed or
undisposed of. Bather let him go over that
vast territory lying between Nebraska and the
State of Califoruia ; let him see what a desert
it is; lethim see how nothing short of an inter-
position of Providence itself can make it such
a country as that which lies to the east of it;
let him remember that on every continent in
the world there is just such an arid desert as
that; that there is just such a desert in Asia,
just such a desert, and worse, in Africa, just
such a desert, not so bad, it is true, in Europe;
let him recollect that it is a part, as it would
seem, of the economy of nature that there
shall be such vast regions unfit for agricultural
pursuits; regions where there may be some
grazing of cattle, some nomadic life, but where
a dense, settled, and highly civilized population
is never found to exist.
I know it is very easy to say that we can
achieve what no other people have ever been
able to achieve. I never expect to live long
enough to see that flattering unction whicli we
habitually lay to our souls cast aside. I do
not expect to live long enough to see the self-
love and self-satisfaction of the American peo-
ple obliterated in the least. I know that every
year as we grow we become more and more and
more self-complaccnt; but there are barriers
of nature that no self-complacency, that no
self-esteem, that no self-confidence can over-
come; and such a barrier is to be found in
the desert that stretches its arid waste through-
out the whole length of North America. Why,
sir, I say that the good lands of this country
yet belonging to the Government are compar-
atively small in amount, and every time you
give portions of them away to private corpora-
tions, and enable them by your so doiug to
double the price of the lands, just in that same
degree do you make it harder and harder for
the people of this country to obtain homes for
themselves and their children. It is mainly
for that reason that I oppose this policy.
Here I beg leave to repeat what I said to the
Senate before when this bill was up, in the few
remarks I then submitted. At the risk of repe-
tition, I beg leave to speak it, for I want, Sen-
ators, to impress it on your minds. You have
only to look at the census returns, you have
only to look at the computation made by Mr.
Kennedy in his preface to the last census re-
port, or anybody can make the computation
for himself, to see what will be the population
of the United States in the year 1900, only
thirty years from now. It will be one hundred
and six millions ; and that without taking into
account any Chinese immigration at all. Leav-
ing that out and taking the increase of popula-
tion according to the test that has been so
uniform from 1790 to this day, in 1900, only
thirty years from now, we are to have a popu-
lation of one hundred and six millions. In
less than sixty years, in the lifetime, perhaps,
of the youngest Senator on this floor, if we
have the good sense to hold together, we shall
have a population of two hundred millions
under this Government. Where then will be
your land for the landless ? Where then will
be your homes for the needy? Where then
will be that independent agricultural popula-
tion, the very best reliance of the country for
its virtue, its prosperity, the stability of its
institutions, its religion, and its happiness?
Where will it be?
Why will not Senators reflect for a mo-
ment? I remember very well how, when a
young man, I was astonished by a remark
made to me by General Cass, after his return
from France, that such a thing as the idea of
being able to acquire a piece of land, of becom-
ing the owner of it in fee-simple, never entered
into the imagination of a French peasant who
was landless. The thing struck me with amaze-
ment, when in this country everybody expects
to become the owner of real estate. There is
not the poorest boy that runs barefooted in
the street but expects some day or other to
own his little tract of land, or to own his little
homestead or tenement in a town or city. But
what is the condition of a country where there
never rises into the heart of the poor man the
idea that he ever can become the owner of a
foot of the soil that God gave for his sustenance ?
And let us not say that that is the result of
institutions different from ours. It is the result
of an overteeming population ; and when you
bring into this country two hundred million peo-
ple, when the question with every laboring man
when he rises in the morning is, not how much
can I lay up this day, not what is the amount
of wages I shall get this day, not shall I work
eight hours or shall I work ten, but can I get
work at all in order to earn bread for myself
and my little ones; when that comes to be the
question here, as it may become here as well
as in other countries, Senators, your children
and your children's children will not forgive
you if you have parted with this great domain
which would have put bread into the mouth of
that laboring mau.
1 say this in no spirit of deinagogism. 1 do
