1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S017
the objection# mgvd ftgtintt «rtir paymnt.
But before considering these let me allude to
familiar foots. When a loyal man residing in
the South, or living North batowning property
in the South, joined the Union Army and served |
the country he was paid his bounty and drew
his regular pay as a soldier; if he died or was
disabled in the line of his duty a pension was
awarded. In the northern States the necessary
supplies for the Array, including munitions of
war, were generally purchased. When under
pressing emergency they were appropriated
they were paid for. In those parts of the
country where the laws were in operation the
constitutional prohibition against taking private
property for public use without just compensa-
tion was scrupulously observed. Nor, in the
purchase of those supplies, was any acoount
taken of the political sentiments of those who
famished them. They taight be enemies of
the Government. Still they were paid; paid
in the promises of the Government which now
constitute a part of the national debt. Thug
it might happen, and did happen in hundreds
of cases, that the Government purchased its
needed supplies from rebels or those who
sympathized with rebels. Between a purchase
and appropriation without purchase there is <
not either iu law or morals any distinction in
the obligation of payment If the appropria-
tion be a tort there is an implied assumpsit
to pay the value of the thing taken. That is
the common law as to individuals, and the
Constitution makes it law against the Govern-
ment.
And now, sir, I wilt consider the objections
urged in this Chamber against the payment of
the losses I have described. Generally it is said
that our late civil war attained • the magnitude
of a public war, and is to be govertied, so far
as this question of losses is concerted, by the
rules of international law. It is said that the
rebels were a belligerent power, organized first
as hostile States and then into a hostile eon-
federategovernment, with appropriate political
machinery, complete in all its departments,
claiming independence of the parent Govern-
ment and recognition as an independent poWer;
and that they were reco&nized by several com-
mercial nations as belligerents de-jure, and by
the Government as belligerentsde facto. Jtis
farther urged that they exercised all the powers
of government in raising armies and navies,
in compelling allegiance from allin the revolted
States, in punishing disloyalty, in compelling
military service, and in levying and collect-
ing taxes wherever their-legislation and power
could operate upon persons and property. That
consequently all persons'Within the rebel juris-
diction who thus against their wilt might be
made to contribute aid to carry on the war
waged by the insurgents against the United
States are to be regarded as constructive ene-
mies, let their sentiments have been evor so
loyal, and that their property is to be regarded
as enemy property from the predicament of
that property, from its condition to be ufeful
in aiding the rebellion. Therefore, says the
argument, whenever property was captured or
taken Within the limits of the rebellion before
the supremacy of the law had been reestab-
lished it was liable to be treated as fair prise
of war, afid whether Consumed by this Army, or
sold and the proceeds paid into the Treasury,
or destroyed outright, no liability rests upon
the Government to make compensation. This,
' Mr. President, is the argument as I under-
stand it.
The advocates of this theory, however, can-
not alter settled definitions. They cannot de-
stroy the essential distinctions between what
publicists call a perfect war and a civil war,
which was oars. A perfect war is defined to
be where one whole -nation is at war with an-
other ration, and all the members of both
nations are authorized to commit hostilities
against all the members of the other in every
case and under every circumstance permitted
by the general laws of war. On the other
band, a oivll war, which is # warhetwtemthe
members of the same society, is what GrotiuS
calls a mixed war, and it is* according to'him,
public on the side of the established Govern-
ment and private on the part of the people
resisting ita authority. Mark the distinction;
sir, between the two kinds of war. In that
which is public all the members of both na-
tions are enemies to each other and author-
ized to commit hostilities against each other.
But in a civil war those only who resist the
Government are enemies. It is a private war,
says the definition "on the part of the people
resisting its authority." That mentis the in-
surgents and excludes the friends of the Gov-
ernment.
It is dae to caador, however> Mr. President;
to admit that the rebellion assumed the pro-
portions and magnitude of a public war; ' I do
not forget, sir—who can t that on the 13th 04'
May, 1861, the queen of Great Britain made
haste to issue her proclamation; that she- was
followed by Frcnoe and-other commercial-na-
tions, all of them recognising the existence
of war between the United States and the so1
called confederate States, and the rights of
each to exercise belligerent powers on the
ocean. I do not forget that the United States
instituted a blockade; that they exercised the
right of stopping and searching neutral ves-
sels on the high seas j that they eapturefd ves1-
gels as prizes of war; also vessels carrying
contraband of war or attempting to break the
blockade. I do not forget that we dealt with
all such captures as prizes of war, and that
the records of our courts are full of adjudica-
tions made, all proceeding upon the rules of
international war. And it i3 true that in these
respects and in others, such as cartels, ex-
changes of prisoners, flags of truce, and in the
treatment of prisoners, we ourselves recog-
nized the robels as belligerents de facto and
exercised the courtesies and humanities com-
mon in public, international wars.
Ye^ sir, while all this is true, the course of
the Government was dictated by oonsidetations
of humanity and policy to prevent retaliation
and mitigate the severities of war. Though
thus treated praotieally as beliigerentsf they
were never recognized as such dt jure. To
have done that would have been to recognize
their nationality and the war would have oaased
to be a civil one. No, sir} we recognized them
as belligerents de faetoybut not de jure. The
distinction may seem nice, but we made it. It
was the theory apon which the war was waged
on our partall through the protracted struggle.
If we recognized them as rightful belligerents
they were no longer traitors. It became a con-
test between nations. We could no longer
punish treason or claim jurisdiction over the
tettitory they held and defended. This theory
i was illustrated in the ease of one Smith, who
had entered the naval service of the rebels.
; He was takefl, tried, and eonvicted as a pirate,
' though ho produced a commission from the
i rebel president. Though sentenced to death
| by the oonrt, Mr. Lincoln suspended the sen-
| tenCe and held him a prisoner of war. So with
! the crew of the rebel privateer Savannah.
| In both oases the prisoners were guilty as flrim-
i inals of treason, bat were treated by the'polit-
ical department as belligerents, not of right,
I but in fact; and this was done for policy's sake.
Though treated as enemies they wane held to be
traitors. '
I pause hftte to inquire if for policy's sake
the lives of rebels and pirates were spared
taken in the Very act of waging war against
their Government, what for policy'ssake Bbould
be done with friends of the Government fight-
ing these enemies to Uphold it wlien stripped
of their property, aot by theeuemy, butby their
own Government?
But we are cited by those Senators unfriendly
to the payment of these losses to the decisions
of our courts, to the ptize cases, and the cotton
case of Mrs. Alexander;
Grant all that is said in theBe and similar
cmos, fcttd what aftaf all do theyestablish as
rules for' out* guidance t We must not 'forget
that these opinions relied on are expositions
of the law of nations as applicable to a state
i>f existing flagrant war j that they were'pro-
nounced at a time when'no mortal mind oould
predict the result; when if the revolt were suc-
cessful all persons living in the revolted States
would be citizens of another nationality and
oWe allegiance *a it. Still, with all this allow-
aneej expressidng dropped from the lips of the
judge who in the prize eases pronounced the
opinion of the majority of the court open to
grave criticism. ' He says:
" All persons Residing Within this territory"—
That of the States ii.i rebellion-—
'*whose property may bo used, to inorease the reve-
nues of the hostile power, are in this contest liabto
to treated as enemies, though not foreigners.
They have cast off ttWir Allegiance and made war
on their Government, ami are none, tho less enemies
because they are traitors."
NW, it is notorious that thousapefe 6f roep
whose Rome was in the insurgent territory
Were, at tho Very time this cruel charge w^s
made, in the ranks of the Union Army, exiles
fijom hotae because $f their loyalty, fighting
against rebels to uphold that Government of
vfhich they are pronounced eneftiies. Thou-
sands, yes, tefa$ of thousands, shut up In the
pt'ison-liOuse of the South and not able to serve
theifr Government except by their prayers, were
at thiy very moment putting: up their Supplica-
tions morning arid eveningTor the sticCess of
the Unioti artfta. Judge Grier adds:
.; "Tho produce qf the soil of the hostile territory-
S3 Well as other property efl&aged. in tho comitae'rco
of the hostile power as the source of Its wbalth and
.strength itftlwap regarded as l«gitin} te Arias with-
out regard to tlje domicile of tho owner* and much
more so If he reside atid trade within their terri-
tory."
If this be ■true, theft # Union soldier! iving in
the North who chanted to haVeprop^ty within
the lines of the rebellion was liable116 have it
confiscated by hi sown Government if the rebels
spared it. I have said before, thlsdeoisi«*>was
made at a time when the wat" was paging. The
court was passing ttpoft'ttnd p*o«onntiirig what
were the powers of the political departmeh-t of
the Goternttent, if it chose to e*ertSise them,
in the tremendous stouggle it -was making'to
Save the life of the nation. It was held that
for the't ime being the whole terrible enginery
of war might lawfully hebroughttofbesiragainst
the insurgents and the territory they held to
suppress the .itisatrectioh. The cdUrt held that
the Government :waS ttot bound to pause to
inquire Who were its friends and Who its' ene-
mies; thit tlie rebel government was a hostile
organization, and controlled the action of all
within th§ limits of its power, and might con-
vert them and their property into instruments
of warfare Or defense. Therefore it was tbatall
were classified for the time beifig as' enemies.
Therefore it was that all the property situate
with in-the limits of the de facto rebel govern-
ment was stamped as enemy property and held
liable to seizure. The court was announcing
the law of nations in case of War. The ques-
tion was not what a parent Government like
■ ours should do in the way of discrimination be-
tween its friends and enemies, but What it might
do by the sanction of the laws of war.
But it was conceded on the argument of this
caSe, by the very able counsel representing the
United States, that though the right of capture
existed • it was still for the political power to
say whether it would forego its exiercise. He
Was speaking of a vessel captured as prize of
Wa* belonging to one living in the rebel terri-
tory, and Bays: '
" You may capture It and refuseto restore It to tho
claimant while he so resides and the war lasts, even
if you compensate or remunerate him afterward.
Bat that is a political question. The courts can ouiy
condemn if the political power asks for its condem-
nation." 1
: Mark^ sir, the terms of the proposition. It
may be captured and held while he resides in
enemy territory and while the war lasts. Bu t
how is it when It ceases to be enemy's terri-
