1870.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Affairs in Tennessee—Mr. Tillman.
Ho. of Reps.
not pretend that I am more virtuous or upright
than other men; but I do claim for myself that
I will not, knowingly, play the demagogue. I
do not, therefore, when I say that these monop-
olies ought not to be granted, speak it in the
language or with the feeling of the demagogue.
I am opposed to monopolies; and of all monop-
olies in the world, land monopoly is the most
oppressive. I say it not with reference to the
large farms which are common in this country.
I do not ask that there shall be an agrarian
division of them. In my own State it is no
uncommon thing to see a farm of one thousand
or two thousand, or even three thousand acres,
devoted partly to agriculture and partly to
grazing. WhetherthatisbeneficialtotheState
or not I do not stop to inquire. I do not
choose to interfere with it, or desire to interfere
with it; but, when it comes to monopolizing
land by the million acres, then I say tbat it is
time for every man to raise bis voice against it.
And mark it, that of all monopolists a corpora-
tion is the worst. If an individual engrosses
land when death comes and puts its hand upon
him his possessions go to his heirs under the
statute of descents; are divided and cut up and
parceled out, or they go to the objects of his
bounty under the provisions of his will, and
are usually as much divided, cut up, and par-
celed out. But a corporation endowed with
perpetuity knows no death; and. just as long as
it sees fit to own its land just so long may it
continue to own it. There is no statute of
partition to divide it; there is no statute of
descents to mete it out here and there ; it makes
no will or testament by which its possessions
are scattered far and near; and therefore of
all monopolists of land the worst is a perpetual
corporation.
Mr. President, these are the general views
which I entertain; and I have not the strength,
if I had the desire, to go into details. Indeed,
I do not suppose it to be necessary. The one
great idea with me, and that which overrides
all other considerations, is that I wish this land
to be preserved for the landless. My own
belief is that the best policy the United States
could pursue would be to give its land in suit-
able quantities to men who would go and occupy
it. How much of suffering is there in the great
cities everywhere; and right here in the national
capital our ears were assailed by the cries for
relief two weeks ago; and yet here is a country
that has a home for every citizen in it, if the
Government'would grant it to him on condi-
tion that he should go and occupy it. You
will do better for your country, Senators, you
will do more to increase its aggregate wealth,
you will do more to promote the happiness of
its people, yes, a thousandfold more,_by giving
your public lands in suitable quantities to the
men who will settle and occupy them, than you
will by playing the land-miser and trying to
wring the last dollar of exorbitant price for the
lands which you grant to them.
And this brings me to observe that it is no
commendation to me of this bill or any other
of these bills that they propose to indemnify
the Government against pecuniary los3 for the
alternate sections it gives by doubling the price
of the sections it retains. Doubling the price
on whom? Putting up the price on whom?
The Government extorting a higher price for
its land from the people of the country, from
its own people; acting like a land-shark, and
taking advantage of circumstances to enhance
the price, and demanding more pay from the
poor man who lays up a pittance from his
daily labor in order that he may become the
possessor of real estate.
This, Mr. President, has always seemed to
me to be a heartless policy. It is no answer to
me, therefore, to say that the Government will
lose nothing in a pecuniary point of view by
giving half these lands to the railroad, because
the railroad will make the half that is retained
by tho Government worth moro than the whole
was before. That is no answer at all. It is
not as a dealer in land, it is not as aland spec-
ulator that I view this question. I look upon
it as a question whether or not this great and
bountiful gift that Providence has bestowed on
this nation, such as no nation in the world ever
before had, whether this opportunity given to
this people shall be improved for the benefit
of the people; of the homeless, the destitute,
and the suffering, or whether if, shall become
the great fund of speculation, of perpetual cor-
porations, out of which they are to enrich their
stockholders, their favorites, or their friends.
Affairs in Tennessee.
SPEECH OF HON. L. TILLMAN,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Hotjse oe Representatives,
February 19, 1870,
The House being in Committee of the Wholo on tlio
state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion tho President's annual message.
Mr. TILLMAN. Mr. Chairman, never hav-
ing been a member of a legislative body until
of this, I feel greatly embarrassed in" attempt-
ing to submit any remarks on any subjcct, and
when I have arisen for the purpose of having
somewhat to say on one of the greatest magni-
tude, I feel not merely embarrassed, butalmost
subject myself in my own judgment to a charge
of presumption.
But I feel impelled by the aspect of the
"situation" to offer some thoughts, though
crude, upon the great and difficult problem of
restoring our country to the peace and pros-
perity from which sho was so madly and
wickedly diverted by tho late terrible rebel-
lion.
I am one of those who before the rebellion
was schooled in the old Whig party, and have
believed and believe now that could it have
prevailed in the election of Henry Clay, in
1841, and General Scott, in 1852, the civil war
would have been averted. I do not mean that
that glorious old party contained all the intel-
ligence and patriotism of the land ; for if I had
not believed before the warthattlie Democratic
party contained a large element of intelligence,
patriotism, and love of the Union that convic-
tion would have been forced upon me by the
alacrity with which thousands and tens of thon-
sands tore themselves from it when the flag of
secession and disunion was given to the breeze,
and rallied with the old Whigs under the stars
and stripes of the Union of our fathers, and,
under the now name of Republican, met tho
brave but wild devotees of a southern con-
federacy upon hundreds of bloody fields,
where thousands sleep that sleep that knows no
waking, while others yet live with their names
emblazoned side by side with old Whigs, high
on the scroll of fame, honor, renown, and
patriotism.
While this is so, and every true patriot should
be proud of it, itcannotbe successfully denied,
as was shown in the speech of the honorable
member from California [Mr. Sargent] a few
days ago, that the Democratic party, as a party,
tended in its tenets and measures to bring on a
collision between the sovereign States so-called
and the Federal Government; and that after
that collision was " precipitated " by the lead-
ers of the southern and ruling wing of the party
it found support, "aid, and comfort" from
mauy leaders of the predisposed, subservient
wing of tho North. These are facts gone into
history, and can be no more gainsaid than that
there was a party, numbering many, which op-
posed the war of independence.^ Yet we would
gladly throw the mantle of oblivion over this
defection of a party that in its best days had
the hero of New Orleans for its leader if the
party itself manifested any regrets for its blunder
if not its crime. But unfortunately for its own
reputation we find it still holding to a name it
has dishonored, and ready to revive the same
heretical principles and walk in the same paths
it trod, and that led to the disastrous war that
has filled our land with widows and orphans.
It may be asked why I bring these charges
against the Democratic party of to-day. I will
answer. No one can be so obtuse as not to see
that itislaboringfortheconfidenceof the people
apd for power and place, not upon a confes-
sional of its blunders and errors and honest
reformation, but upon its persistent charges
that the Republican party, which saved the
Union and made the Declaration of Independ-
ence a living truth, means ill to the people,
bears malice and hatred to our "erring breth-
ren," and designs the overthrow of consti-
tutional liberty. It yet maintains that the
Stales are sovereign by right and are un-
constitutionally deprived of those rights. As
in the darkest hours of the war it charged it
was a failure, so in the most critical period of
reconstruction it cries it is a failure. It would,
as in the war, prolong a settlement of recon-
struction by charging that the measures of the
Republican party are harsh, cruel, and uncon-
stitutional, thereby stimulating discontent and
defiance in the bosoms of those who forfeited
everything by rebellion, yet have been forgiven
everything through the magnanimity and gen-
erosity of the Republican party.
Because the Republican party has made some
mistakes in the work of reconstruction, more
through a charitable and confiding trust in the
good intentions of the vanquished than through
want of judgment, they cry out failure; and
then when the party goes back to correct a
mistake made through leniency, they cry out
bad faith and oppression. If tho Republican
party enact Jaws for "equal and exact" jus-
tice to all men, and confidingly intrust their
execution to the freely pardoned rebels, and
they, on the first opportunity, as in Georgia,
"go back" on a race, the Democratic party
says it is their constitutional right; that Georgia
is as sovereign as before the war ; that she has
a constitutional right to regulate her own do-
mestic institutions to suit herself. The same
cry is raised in behalf of every rebel State,
and the Democratic party protests for and with
them against a Congress largely Republican,
by virtue of having suppressed the rebellion
and saved the Union, imposingany conditions
or reserving any right to look after the subse-
quent conduct of tho restored.
If reconstructed rebels of a State like my
own become impatient of restraint only polit-
ical, and organize secretly and operate in dis-
guise, under coverof the night, to misuse, mal-
treat, and murder Unionists, and ultimately
to trample those laws under foot which for its
own respect Congress found to be temporarily
necessary to impose, thereby seizing the con-
trol of the whole State government, andproceed
in hot haste and with a defiant spirit to repeal
all laws savoring of Republicanism, and enact-
ing those palatable only to themselves, with
the view of making themselves permanent
masters of the situation ; and then if the eyes
of those who served the Government in its
darkest hours should be turned to it to save
them from utter degradation and oppression
the ery is again heard from the lips of every
Democrat, North and South, that interference
by the Federal Government for the protection
of its friends is unconstitutional, tyrannical,
and in bad faith to its pardoned subjects.
Shall this persistent cry of Democrats against
Republicans have any effect to stay the honest
efforts of the Government to reconstruct the
Union upon the firm foundation indicated by
our fathers in the immortal Declaration of
1 ndependence; or shall the Government, as
during the war, when failures and mistakes
