1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3961
provision. The effect of that will be to require
a new stamp to be put on the article ; the old
stamp of the manufacturer must be taken off,
and a rectifier's stamp put on. And when the
article then goes into the market it goes as a
rectified or a modified article. It affects the
value of the article to the prejudice of the holder
of it. Ia that respect it is too broad and is
injurious.
_ Now, I agree that the remainder of this pro-
vision should remain. If deleterious substances
are used and injurious results arc produced, if
the article is damaged by the introduction into
it of deleterious drugs, it is proper that the
holder of it should suffer the consequences of
it. But in this case any one who knows any-
thing of the manufacture or preparation of
liquor knows that the introduction of pure
sugar will in no regard injuriously affect the
quality ot the article, but on the contrary will
improve it.
In this point of view I sincerely ask the
attention of the House to this provision, and
unless some satisfactory reason can be given
why a person putting a pound of sugar in a
barrel of whisky should be treated as a rectifier
I think themodificationlhaveproposed should
be adopted.
Mr. SCIIENCK. This matter has been sug-
gested to the Committee of Ways and Means
and to myself separately from the committee,
and I have given it all the reflection and con-
sideration I could, thinking there might be
something in it. But I am satisfied there is no
good reason why we should open this door. It
is a sugar-coated pill, but I am not inclined to
swallow it.
A very great difficulty in relation to dealing
with liquor has been to determine who were
rectifiers. As the law stood some two or three
years ago we had a provision distinguishing
between distillers 011 the one hand and recti-
fiers and compounders of liquor on the other
hand. if. was discovered very soon, with a
little experience of the law, that under the
guise of compounders of liquors all sorts of
things were being done, and there was no safety
except 111 putting all these persons who resort
to secondary processes in relation to liquor
after it is distilled under the general heading
of "rectifiers." We have, therefore, in this
bill followed the law as it now stands; and as
it, has worked exceedingly well, so far at least
as the Government is concerned, and 1 think
with no great hardship upon anybody, defining
those persons as rectifiers "who without rec-
tifying, purifying, or refining distilled spirits,
shall, by mixing such spirits, wines, or other
liquois with any materials, manufacture for
sale any spurious, imitation, or compound
liquor," &c.
The gentleman proposes to except those who
shall use sugar or sugar coloring in preparing
their liquor. I do not know precisely what
rectifiers e;ill " sugar coloring," or how it is
made—perhaps it is made by burning sugar;
but I do know that distillers and rectifiers are
a very ingenious class of people, and that if
josi open one little door, no matter how nar-
row it may seem, it is very apt, like a crevasse
in the levee of the Mississippi river, to widen
into a great breach. If we let these distillers
or rectifiers color or change their liquor by
using what they call "sugar" or "sugar color-
ing, we shall not be quite sure whether it may
not be sugar of lead or something else of that
kind. We shall not know whether this sugar
coloring is composed altogether of sugar or
contains a good many villainous ingredients.
Xlie truth is I have so much respect for good,
pme liquor that I am very suspicious of all
these processes of coloring and changing with
a view to make either the color or the taste
more seductive to the eye or the palate of those
who may use the liquor. After reflection upon
this subject, I prefer to see the Committee of
Ways and Means sustained. I think it unwise
to open any door whatever by making excep-
tions in favor of the use of any particular ingre-
dients. Let them all fare alike.
The amendment of Mr. Mayham was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. By in-
struction of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I move to amend by striking out in the para-
graph relating to bankers, on page 2, the words
"to buy, sell, or discount," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words '1 to receive for discount
or sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by in-
serting after the clause relating to the taxation
of Government deposits in national banks the
following:
Provided, That ten days' notice shall be given to
any bank holding doposits of public money to tho
credit of tho Treasurer of tho United States, before
drawing against such deposits.
Mr. Speaker, the House has expressed its
concurrence in that portion of this bill which
provides that Government deposits in national
banks shall pay interest monthly at the rate of
three per cent, per annum on the average
amount of deposits. Now, in order to utilize
these deposits in the western banks, or in any
banks East or West not located in cities where
loans 011 call are customary, such a provision
as I now offer is absolutely necessary. If the
money deposited by the Government officers
with the national banks, and for which the
banks give special security to the Government,
is to be used by them in advancing the legit-
imate business interests of the localities in
which the banks are situated then it is abso-
lutely necessary the Government should give
some notice of its intention to withdraw the
deposits, so that they maybe used in discount-
ing business paper, as the ordinary deposits
are used. The bank should be allowed ten
days in which to call in its loans, or otherwise
raise the money necessary to meet the draft
of the Government.
It is proposed to require tho banks to pay
three per cent, interest on Government depos-
its and yet allow those deposits to be with-
drawn without notice. The Government,
under the bill as it stands, may draw at sight
for all its deposits in the national banks all
over the United States. Under this provision
the banks, in order to reap any benefit what-
ever from these deposits, will have to send them
off, as fast as they are received, to New York,
■where these call loans are common, not for
legitimate business, but for mere speculative
purposes. Now, if this House desires that the
Government funds deposited in the western
banks shall not be sent off to New York, to be
used for speculative purposes alone, the Gov-
ernment should be required to give some notice
of its intention to withdraw its deposits. I
believe the tax on these deposits has been
fixed at too high a rate, for the tax on private
-deposits is, I think, only one half of one per
cent.; but if reasonable notice be required
before the withdrawal of the deposits our west-
ern banks can use these Government funds in
Chicago, Dubuque, St. Louis, Peoria, and other
cities where call loans are not a feature' of
money transactions. Gentlemen must be aware
that these call loans are used merely for spec-
ulative purposes, not for any legitimate busi-
ness.
Mr. SCHENCK. It strikes me, while the
gentleman from Illinois has offered an amend-
ment he has also furnished us an argument
against it. If they are liable to be called on
for these deposits they will not be likely to
throw them away.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Did not the gentleman
say all these western banks forwarded those
deposits to New York?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 made an argument, and
stated facts on the other side of the question.
I agree they will be prevented from sending
money off if they are much more likely to be
called on than now.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
amendment by making it five instead of ten
days. Ten days is a pretty long time to require
notice from the Treasury Department.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If that will add strength
to the proposition I will consent to five days'
notice.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Then perhaps the gen-
tleman will accept my amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will modify the amend-
ment by making it five instead of ten days.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eleven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. I move, on page 26, line
six hundred and thirty-two, to strike out "in
the course of" and insert "by;" and after
the word "original" to insert "continuous;"
so it will then read :
Provided, however. That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not apply to any authorized distiller who
shall purify or refine distilled spirits of liis own pro-
duction, by original continuous distillation, from
mash, wort, or beer, through continuous closed vessel
and pipes, until tho manufacture thercofis complete.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused on page 17, line four hun-
dred and four, to strike out "twenty dollars"
and insert "ten dollars" as the lax of propri-
etors on bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms. I
do it for this reason: I think the imposition of
a tax of twenty dollars on bowling-alleys and
billiard-rooms will have the effect to decrease
rather than increase therevenue, because those
who have bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms in
summer places along the sea-shore and in the
country will cease to keep up their bowling-
alleys and billiard-rooms when the tax is put
up so high as twenty dollars. These places,
which are kept open only a few months during
the summer, would be willing to pay ten dol-
lars, but would not be willing to pay twenty
dollars. I therefore make the motion to recon-
sider, so the tax may be reduced from twenty
to ten dollars.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-five; noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. TANNER. On page 2(5, line six hundred
and thirty, I move after the word "section"
to insert the words "as to rectifiers of distilled
spirits ;" so it will read:
Provided, however, That the provisions of this sec-
tion as to rectifiers of distilled spirits shall not apply
to any authorized distiller, <fcc.
I understand the object of this provision to
be to relieve the class of distillers described
from the rectifiers' tax, to which they are liable
by construction of law ; but the language used
in the proviso exempts them from all tax what-
ever, as it exempts them from the operation
of the entire section." My amendment is to
give effect to the plain intention of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not see why that should
come in. This proviso simply exempts distill-
ers from the operation of this section in refer-
ence to rectifiers.
Mr. TANNER. So I understand the object
of the committee; but if the gentleman will
observe the language used it will exempt them
from all taxes under this section.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman moves to
strike out "section" and insert "paragraph"
it will answer the purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will answer the gen-
tleman's purpose to say "provided that this
provision shall not apply," &c.
Mr. TANNER. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT. Page 27, lines six hun-
dred and forty-nine, six hundred and filt.y,
