116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February lt>,
Ho. 01? Beps.
Ajfairs in Tennessee—Mr. Tillman.
41st Coxg....2d Kess,
were made, revise its plans and reorganize its
forces, and, heedless of Democratic croakers,
press on to the consummation of its appointed
work? To refuse to adopt the latter course ia
to tacitly admit the charges of failure made by
Democrats, and to ingloriously fold our arms
and say we are tired and worried of the work
of preserving that Union that has cost us so
roach blood and treasure. This, I flatter my-
self, the greatest party of this or any other age
is not, or ever -will be prepared to do. But if
not, it must ever be on the alert, and if it finds
it has, through misplaced confidence, conceded
too much to old theories of State sovereignty,
it must correct the mistake before it yields the
Government to those who make the ante-bellum
demands for such sovereignty. Otherwise we
shall have peace no longer than the material
prosperity of the country shall be restored, and
the country again sectionalizedon the old issues
of the rights of the States in contradistinction
to the rights and power of the Federal Govern-
ment.
If the theory of State sovereignty is to find
an advocate in the " great national Democratic
party," then will the resentments, alienations,
and hatred of the vanquished rebels of the
South find a party in which they can cherish
and nourish them with the hope that they can
some day make a second effort at dissolution of
the Union successful, and fully revengo them-
selves on those who defeated their first.
_ I propose now, Mr. Chairman, to call atten-
tion to the situation in Tennessee, and to the
course of events in that State since the collapse
of the rebellion. Just before the termination
of the war, while Andrew Johnson was mili-
tary Governor of Tennessee, committees of
Union men for each grand division of the State
issued a call for a convention of Unionists to
meet iu Nashville to reorganize a civil State
government, loyal to the Government of the
United States. I had the honor of being one
of the committee for the middle division of the
State that issued that call.
It was first intended to hold this convention
on the lOtli of December, 1804; but General
Hood, of the confederate States, invaded the
State in the fall of that year, and the conven-
tion was prevented from assembling at that
time, and the committee of middle Tennessee
appointed the Sth of January following for the
meeting of the convention. At the time ap-
pointed more than five hundred Union men
from all parts of the State assembled in Nash-
ville, and proposed, among other things, au
amendment to the State constitution abolishing
slavery, and that "the qualification of voters
and the limitations of the elective franchise may
be determined by the General Assembly which
shall first assemble under the amended consti-
tution." The amended constitution and sched-
ule were submitted to those entitled to vote
under the old constitution, for ratification or
rejection, on the £2d of February following.
The vote cast was twenty-odd thousand, and
nearly all in favor of "ratification."
A Legislature and Governor were elected on
the 4th of March following by about the same
vote. On the first Monday in April following
the Legislature met in Nashville for the trans-
action of public business. Now, notwithstand-
ing the convention in a preamble asserted it
had met under the "declaration of rights"
in the old constitution, "to alter, reform, or
abolish the government in such manner as
they may think proper," it is-patent to all we
met by permission of the Federal Government
to try and effect the establishment of a loyal
State government, and the bill of rights we
assumed to act under was merely ornamental
on that occasion, and, as I thought then and
still think, was inappropriately used. But very
few of us at that date had gotten out of the fog
of1' State sovereignty.'' The first law relating
to suffrage passedby the Legislature firstassera-
bling under the amended constitution, and to
which was committed the right to fix: "the
qualifications of voters and the limitation of
the elective franchise," was passed the Sth of
Jurte, 1865.
I refer to this law aiid other laws passed
afterward by this same first Legislature, not so
much to notice the provisions of each as to call
attention to the result or vote under each at
general elections held under the same. One
provision, however, of this law was that the
county court clerks should keep a registry of
voters and issue certificates to those entitled
under the provisions of the law to vote.
The firstand only general election held under
this law was for members to the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, in August, 1805. At this election
there were sixty-two thousand votes polled in
the State, showing an increase of about forty
thousand from the February and March elec-
tions before, and proving a liberal extension
of the benefits of the law to the people of the
State. The Legislature, in the passage of the
law referred to, expressly reserved the right
"to alter, amend, or change" its provisions,
and on the 3d of May, 18GG, the Legislature
altered or amended the law, making it the duty
of the Governor to appoint a commissioner of
registration for each county, and requiring a
new registration, with more safeguards, us was
supposed, against abuse. And again, the same
or first Legislature under the new constitution,
on the 25th of February, isc", extended the
right of suffrage to colored men on the same
conditions as to white men, and made it the
duty of the commissioners of registration to
appoint the judges and clerks of elections.
Under the law as thus amended an election
was held in August, 1807, for a Governor,
members to the Legislature, and members to
the Fortieth Congress. At this election ninety -
odd thousand votes were polled, showing au
increase over the vote of 18G5 of about thirty
thousand, which increase was most probably
about the vote of the colored men at that elec-
tion.
On the 2Gtli of February, 1868, the Legis-
lature passed an act giving and making it the
duty of the commissioners of registration to
hold all elections, and required them, their
judges, clerks, and deputies to take a certain
oath " as an official oath," thus completing an
entire change of the law in regard to those who
were to hold elections from what it was under
the code of Tennessee, and before the war.
The next general election in the State was
the election for President and Vice President
and members to the Forty-First Congress, on
the Sd of November, 18G8.
At this election there was only eighty-odd
thousand votes polled, when there should have
been over one hundred thousand. General
Grant's vote was nearly twenty thousand less
than Governor Brownlow's more than a year
before. The reason of the great falling off
of the Republican vote of November, 1868, is
attributable to the operations of the Kuklux.
The next general election was held in Au-
gust, 18G9, and about one hundred and eighty
thousand votes wexe polled, the Republican
vote being about the same as at the Novem-
ber election, in 18G8, while the Democratic
vote was increased nearly one hundred thou-
sand from November, 18G8, to August, 1809, a
period of only nine months, and in the absence
of any change of the law on thej right to vote.
The mere statement of these facts is proof
without argument that the last election in Ten-
nessee was a lawless and totally illegal affair.
Yet two political bodies, a Legislature and
convention, having their origin, in this election,
have been in session at the capital of the State,
the one repealing all laws passed by Repub-
lican Legislatures in the interest of freedom and
loyalty, the other molding a constitution to
divest all Union men in the State of office
and confer it upon the party that has so ille-
gally seized the power of the State.
Now, Congress permitted th<? loyal people
of the State of Tennessee to organize a State
government in the manner and with the pro-
visions and- restrictions upon suffrage I have
alluded to, and by which was secured up to
the last August election a State government
in harmony with the Federal Government, and
under which the State was admitted to full
fellowship into the Union under the belief it
could and would preserve law and order iu its
limits. The election of last August proves that
law and order did not prevail, and in conse-
quence the State has been hopelessly lost to
the cause of the principles and measures upon
which, the Government was organized and the
State admitted into the ITuion. The loyal
people of the State are powerless, to correct
the wrong done them, bu.t i& the nation power-
less to correct the wrong done itV We know
it is not, yet it may consider th.e injury to the
nation so slight as not to call for a national
correction. But we .submit that if this law-
lessness go unrebuked ia Tennessee, who will
guaranty that other reconstructed States will
not follow the example af Tennessee, and iu
some similar lawless manner revolutionize
their States, dismiss all Unionists from office,
and fill both Houses of Congress with seces-
sionists and disunionists ?
I have said, and believe, that when a recon-
structed State had given in itc adhesion to the
series of amendments proposed by Congress
to the Federal Constitutionthat.then such State
should- be admitted to all the rights and priv-
ileges of any other State, and that all of her
citizens should be restored to full rights, sub-
ject and amenable to laws of the Federal Gov-
ernment general in their application. And had
the present Legislature of Tennessee, though
illegally elected, ratified the fifteenth amend-
ment, as it was morally bound to do, and con-
fined itself to ordinary legislation and amend-
ments to the State constitution in the manner
prescribed by that instrument, I for one would
have been in favor of ending our political strife
in Tennessee by overlooking the illegal manner
it was elected. But when we look at the char-
acter of their legislation and find it an illegal
body itself, providing jfor the assembling of
an illegal and revolutionary convention, pro-
nounced by the newly-elected Senator, lion.
Henry Cooper, revolutionary, I think at least
that body and its doings should be abated and
held as null and void in the general interest
of law and order. And if Congress means to
take any notice of the " situation" ii\ Tennes-
see it ought to do so before the revolutionary
party now in power in that State shall have
further complicated affairs by currying into
execution their work. That the condition of
the Unionists in that State isbaeoming deplor-
able is manifest to theleastobservant. 1 havere-
ceived several letters from Hon, A. J. Fletcher,
secretary of State ever since the reorganization
of the State government, to which 1 refer as
showing the state of affairs iu our unhappy State,
and ask that they may be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office op Secretary oe Statu,
Nashville, Jmmani 18,1570.
Dear Sin: I address you this letter in cornpli-
anco -with yourrequcst in your letter to Mr. French,
and because I believe you and 1 have uniform!;'
agreed on the political questions which havo agi-
tated our own State for tho lait five years. When
the reconstruction policy of Congress \va■; first an-
nounced I felt apprehensive it would fail to afford
adequate protection to the colored race or to the loy-
alists scattered throughout the South. No one
but a native or long-time resident of the South
could form an adequate idea of the hostility ol the
great body ot the southern people toward the ne^io
as a freoman, and no one but p. .southern Unionist
couid realize the depth of their malice at what
they termed "home-made Yankees" or "native
abolitionists." Theirdel'eat in their cherished object
of a southern confederacy seemed to intensify this
hostility.
