8018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
tory? How ia it whan the wtr cewea? Sap-
pose the capture remains on band undisposed
of when the war ends, who gets it, the Gov-
ernment or loyal owner? Suppose it to hare
been sold in the mean time by order of a court
or by a Treasury agent, and the proceeds of the !
sale have beeu paid into the Treasury, whose
is the money? Shall the Government with-
hold it from the owner?
These decisions, therefore, do not touch the
question of the duty of the political power at
this time or any time. They simply assert what
were the war powers of the Government if it
saw tit to exert them while the war lasted.
Now, sir, if I grant these powers to exist as
claimed, it does not affect the main question
here. That question is, what was the correla-
tive duty ofthe Government when those powers
were exerted ? Jf private property be taken for
the public use, and taken from a friend, and
taken under the war powers, what is the duty
of compensation ? Can you maintain the cruel
fiction that he was a constructive enemy, when
peace returns and he seeks compensation?
That is the practical question.
But on this question of a man being at the
same moment loyal in fact and an enemy by
fiction of law I want to say something.
I desire to call the attention ofthe Senate to
the distinction preserved all through the war,
in the legislation of Congress and in the proc-
lamations of the President, between the loyal
and disloyal inhabitants of the States and
parts of States in rebellion. They were never
for a moment confounded. Never at any time
were they regarded or treated as all traitors. It
is a historical fact that some of the rebel States
were divided geographically upon the question
of secession. It was so in Virginia and Tennes-
see. Wherever in those States and in the mount-
ainous portions of North Carolina, Alabama,
and Georgia few slaves were held the great
majority of the people resisted secession. All
through the war the Government had no firmer
friends than those non-slaveholding people of
the southern States who flocked from their
mountain homes to our standards.
In many cases by the sheerest fraud on the
part of those controlling the political machinery
of a State she was precipitated against the pro-
tests of her best citizens into the rebellion.
My friend [Mr. Warner] says that was the
case with. Alabama. The ordinances of seces-
sion in many of those States never received
the popular sanction. They were either not
submitted to the people, or submitted under
such circumstances that a fair expression of
opinion was not obtained. All this was known
to the country and constantly recognized by
the President and Congress, as I will show.
It would have been monstrous injustice and
wicked stupidity, under the circumstances, to
to have confounded patriots with traitors. It
was never done, nor intended to be done.
When the Government pat on its armor, and
prepared for the great struggle, it directed its
energies, not against States, but against such
of the inhabitants as were in a state of insur-
rection resisting the laws. It struck at hos-
tile organizations with arms in their hands,
not against peaceable men. The penalties de-
nounced by Congress were not against the
law-abiding, but against those assisting in re-
bellion. Where property was directed to be
seized and confiscated it was notthatof friendly
citizens of the South. Take for illustration the
acts of Congress of August 6,1861, and July 17,
1862. The first subjects all property employed
or used in promoting the rebellion with the con-
sent of the owner to lawful capture wherever
found, to be condemned and confiscated.
What is the inference if the consent were
wanting? That of 1862 is more comprehen-
sive in its scope. Whose property by this famous
act was directed to be seized, and confiscated?
Not that of men friendly to the Government,
but that of men holdiYig offices and appoint-
ments under the rebel government or in their
army or navy. Then there was a sweeping
clfeuM by which the property situate in a loyal
State, of any person assisting the rebellion
should be seized and applied,or its proceeds, to
the support ofthe Army of the Uuited States.
In none of the provisions of this law or any
other on the statute-book was it ever contem-
plated that the property of one friendly to the
Government, wherever situate, should be sub-
ject to confiscation. There is, on the contrary, !
the strongest implication that it was to be pro-
tected.
Mr. Lincoln,in his proclamation of the loth
April, 1861, appealed to all loyal citizens,
wherever situated, to lend their aid in main-
taining the honor, integrity, and existence of
tho national Union. lie declared that in the
effort to repossess the forts, places, and prop-
erty which had been seized from the Union
the utmost care would be observed to avoid
any devastation, any destruction of or inter-
ference with property, or any disturbance of
peaceable citizens in any part of the country.
Was there not here, sir, ample promise to
loyal men everywhere against interruption or
disturbance? What pledge of protection to
their property could be more explicit ?
Need I pause to say how this appeal of the
President was responded to by patriotic men
of the South ? But to show in a more striking
manner the policy of Congress toward loyal
men in the seceding States, I read the act of
July 31, 1861:
"Beit enacted, <£«., That the sum of $2,000,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended, under the direction ofthe President
of the United States, iu supplying and defraying the
expenses of transporting and delivering such arms
and munitions of war as in bis judgment may be ex-
pedient and proper, to place in the hands of any of
the loyal citizens residing in any of the States of
which the inhabitants are in rebellion against the
Government ofthe United States, or in which rebel-
lion it or may be threatened, and likewise fordefray-
ing such expenses as may be properly incurred in
organizing and sustaining while so organized any of
said citiiens into companies, battalions, regiments, or
otherwise, for their own protection against domestic
violenoe. insurreotion, invasion,or rebellion."
Here, sir, $2,000,000 are appropriated from
the national Treasury for the benefit of this
, loyal class of citizens in the seceding States.
It is to be expended in iarnishing them with
arms and munitions of war for their protection
. against the very insurrection which the Goy-
'■ eroment was striving to suppress. Does this
. look as if Congress regarded them as enemies,
; though living.in enemies' country? No, sir;
, this aid is extended to them as friends, and to
enable them to cooperate with the Government
in restoring the supremacy of law.
! At a still later day Congress enacted that
escaped slaves should not be delivered up to
, such owners as had borne arms against the
I United States, clearly implying that where the
I owner was loyal this species of property, even
I upon the theater of war and amid the clash of
arms, should be restored to him.
There is still another law where this distinc-
tion is clearly marked. I refer to the act of
June 7, 1862, for the collection of direct taxes
in insurrectionary districts. Ordinarily when
land should be sold by the tax commissioners
the redemption by the owner must be made
within sixty days after the sale or his title is
gone. Bat should the owner be a loyal man,
the provision is that he may make his applica-
tion to redeem at any time within one year from
the sale, and the tax commissioners may then,
because of his loyalty, extend the period of
redemption one year more, or two years in all.
In other words, the rebel must redeem in sixty
davs; the loyal man may ia two years.
There is another feature in this law which so
forcibly illustrates the policy of Congress to-
ward the friends of the Government in the
disloyal States that the argument would fail in
its completeness without noticing it. Congress
undertook to deal with the lands of those own-
ers who abandoned them to join the rebel forces
or otherwise aid the rebellion. It did deal
with them by providing for their lease or sale.
I It was contemplated that a largp fund would
be accumulated in every seceding State from
this source.
How, sir, was this fund to be disposed of?
You will find the .answer in the twelfth section
of the act of July 7, 1802. I have not lime to
read it. One-fourth of this accumulated fuml
' is to be paid from the Treasury of the United
States alter the insurrection is put down Ibr the
purpose of reimbursing the loyal citizens of the
State. Could a stronger case be put to illus-
trate the policy of the law-making power, that
in waging war against the rebellion tho distinc-
tion between loyal men and rebels in the insur-
rectionary States was ever present in the mind
of Congress. Notonly this, butthe principleof
compensation to loyal men is here recognized.
And still again, in tho act of March 3, ISM,
for the collection of abandoned property in
insurrectionary districts, special provision ia
made in case the abandoned or captured prop-
erty of loyal men is sold that they may enter
the Courtof Claims at any time within two years
after the suppression of the rebellion and re-
claim the proceeds.
One more reference to this illustrative legis-
lation and I leave this branch of the argument.
Onthe4thof February, 1802, Congressdirected
that the name of every rebel in arms and every
sympathizing rebel be struck from the pension-
roll. The loyal pensioner, though livingauiid
the flames of the rebellion, was excepted.
Moreover, sir, we invited these constructive
enemies to enter our Army and Navy, and they
did so by thousands, and hundreds of them and
their widows and children are now borne upon
the pension-roll of the nation.
Why, sir, how many of these constructive
j enemies to whom we turn the cold shoulder do
you imagine were recruited in the revolted
States during the rebellion ? I hold, in my
hand a statement prepared by the Adjutant
General. Here it is:
Statement of number of men recruited in the revolted
State* for the United State  service during the rebel-
lion.
c*. . • , • , Approximate Number of
State> tn lerncti nxtmbcr of white colored en- Total.
rccmitea. enlistment,. lirtnmO*.
Virginia  880 5,723 6,603
North Carolina   3,200 5,035 8,2®
South Carolina  - 5,462 5,462
Georgia  160 3.486 3,646
Florida _ 2,050 1,044 3,094
Alabama  2,296 4,969 7,265
I Mississippi  984 17.869 18,853
Louisiana    5,488 24,052 29,540
i Texas — 2,132 47 2,179
Arkansas  5,942 5,526 11,468
Tennessee  24,940 20,133 45,073
Aggrogate   48,072 93,346 141,418
Every oue of these eleven seceding States is
here represented. Of white enlistments there
were 48,072; of colored enlistments there were
93,346. The grand total of men denounced on
this floor as constructive enemies, for whose
■ losses we are to make no compensation, who
i entered the Union service, is 141,418. Thou-
sands of others who would gladly have entered
[ it were prevented.
Is not this summary complete? Are we
not concluded by our own legislation against
this monstrous dootrine? Can we with this
discriminating legislation before us refuse to
, treat these men now as we have treated all
; other loyal men who were sufferers by the
war? What case of civil war has been pro-
duced where such pledges were given to loyal
j; men in the insurgent territory? In all the
II authorities that have been cited in this dis-
cussion and in the Sue Murphey case I do not
■ recall one where the Government had thus
, committed itself by pledges of protection ana
reimbursement to those styled, by reason ofthe
domicile, constructive enemies. And herein
' those authorities are fallacious guides. But
let the law of nations be what it may on the
question, is not Congress a law unto itselt' -18
i there anything written down in the Constitu-
tion which prohibits it from doing justice
And let us not forget, sir, that the real ques-
. tiQU before us is not what by international
