1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3963
of a reduction of taxes below what the present
law imposes on sales of distilled spirits and
everything else. When L say that I do not
mean to say that I am for a reduction of the
tax on distilled spirits absolutely. I am for put-
ting as much tax on distilled spirits under the
new law as vve have to-day under the present
one. What I propose is not to strain this tax
through half a dozen different places. If you
would put the tax at fifty cents per gallon, put
it on at the distillery and collect it there at the
distillery or warehouse; if you want the tax to
be seventy five cents per gallon, or at any other
rate, put it on at the distillery and collect it
there, and then let the property when it is
away from the distillery go as all other property
goes. That is why I object to this clause of
the bill.
And I want to say further, that I am for a
reduction of the taxes, as a general proposition,
very much below what the committee reporting
this bill seem to be in favor of. Instead of a
reduction of thirty or thirty-three million dol-
lars, as proposed by that committee, we ought
to reduce the taxes $75,000,000, and not a sin-
gle cent less, unless we are to get a large reduc-
tion of tariff duties. There seems to be no
prospect of getting off tariff taxes. The long
tariff bill which the committee brought in here,
and upon which the House spent so much time,
seems to be played out so far as this Congress
is concerned. Therefore any reduction at all
which we may get must be obtained by legisla-
tion in reference to internal revenue taxes. I
think we ought to put down the tax under
this bill as we go along, wherever we can do
it, to a point below what the Committee of
Ways and Means have reported. We are col-
lecting to-day, under the present tariff and
internal revenue laws, nearly four hundred mil-
lion dollars per annum, while we do not want
over $300,000,000 to pay the current expenses
of the Government and the interest on the public
debt.
Now, I am free to say that we have no busi-
ness to tax the people of this country to-day
to pay off the principal of the public debt one
single dollar more than $25,000,000 per an-
num. That amount is enough for the people
to pay per annum at present. Let them rest a
little. Let them revive their business. Let
them have one breath after the war before we
burden them with taxation to pay the public
debt. I am in favor of reducing taxes in the
aggregate; not upon whisky and tobacco, for
I am in favor of keeping them subject to the
present tax. But I do not want the taxes on
those articles strung along through different
processes as these articles are now subjected
to. If they are to be taxed, then put all the
taxes on at the start and collect them there.
We have, the Lord knows, enough revenue
officers to collect all our taxes, under any sort
of machinery. There seems to be no disposi-
tion, so far as the Committee of Ways and
Means are concerned, to adopt any legislation
by which the almost innumerable number of
officers that are now in the revenue service
are to be reduced at all. Wo ought to reduce
the expense of collecting the revenue as well
as to reduce the general amount of taxes that
is to bo collected. We are paying over eighr,
million dollars to collect the internal revenue
now. As we reduce the amount to be col-
lected let us reduce the expense of collecting
it. There is no use of mincing along and
keeping up all the machinery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cullom.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman renew
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison J m order to have an opportunity
to speak?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, I will do so
for that purpose. The argument presented by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Culloh] is
an argument against making an exception of
dealers in liquors over others of whom we col-
lect taxes. The gentleman cannot seriously
intend to be understood as saying that this bill
does not provide for taking off any internal
taxes. Sir, this bill alone drops from the tax
list nearly thirty-lour million dollars of taxes
annually.
Mr. CULLOM. It ought to drop at least
twice that much.
Mr. SCHENCK. But the gentleman in his
anxiety to drop more makes a plea in behalf
of dealers in liquors. To thatl shall make no
reply, for none is necessary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A single
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It has
been stated on this floor, and I do not know
but what correctly, that the Committee of Ways
and Means propose to bring in still further
bills; that the bill under consideration is part
one of a bill, of which part two is in embryo,
and part three is on the stocks.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a general bill,
which we have divided up, and this bill is one
which we have brought in with a view to reduce
taxation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is there
to be any other bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is to be another bill
in relation to the taxes on tobacco and on dis-
tilled spirits and fermented liquors.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Anything
©ls6 ?
Mr. SCHENCK. And another bill, a part
ofthegeneral bill, relating to the administrative
part of the law, the machinery of the law;
making in all three bills of what was originally
reported as one general bill.
Now, the gentleman bases a great part of
his cry against what has been done, and espe-
cially by the Committee of Ways and Means,
upon the ground that there is no prospect of
any reduction of the tariff. If there is not,
he and those who voted with hiin have pre-
vented it.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman is in error.
I proposed to reduce the tariff all the way
through. I was in favor of a reduction all the
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; but whenever the
question came up whether we would go on
with the consideration of that bill, so as to
make the reductions effective, the gentleman,
I think, was not with us. That is what I am
speaking of. There were a great many gen-
tlemen who voted to make reductions in addi-
tion to the $23,000,000 which the Committee
of Ways and Means proposed ; but when the
question came up, whether with those reduc-
tions the bill should have fair play and be con-
sidered, those gentlemen were found wanting.
I believe that if they had been as sincere as
they professed to be in their desire for a reduc-
tion of the tariff they would have stuck by that
bill and taken care that it should go through.
When the bill was introduced I gave notice
that it contained something which I person-
ally did not like, and that I was in favor of
reduction in some instances when the majority
of the committee were not; but that the com-
mittee, through me, were disposed to have a
liheral treatment of the whole matter, and
that the bill would be open, as the House
knows it was, for amendments, to put up or
put down any of the rates of duty. Gentle-
men exercised that privilege until 1 thought if
there was any opposition to the bill it would
be upon the part of the high protective men.
But I found it was not so. I found that men
who voted all the time to reduce duties were,
when it came to the pinch, opposed to the
consideration of the bill at all. I want the
country to take notice of the fact, and I am
glad the gentleman has reminded me of it,
that the failure of the bill to reduce the tariff,
if that measure should fail, will be due to those
who were not willing to consider it even with
all its reductions.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a question of order.
I want to suggest to the gentleman from Ohio
that he should not question the motives of
members.
Mr. CULLOM. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me a word, I wish to say that at the
time of the vote laying aside the tariff bill I
was not in the House, being paired off with a
high-tariff man; but I give the gentleman no-
tice that if he will get up his bill again I .will
vote with him all the time to proceed with its
consideration, with the hope of securing the
reduction of the tariff. This is what I did when
the bill was before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very wall; then I with-
draw what I have said, so far as it concerns
the gentleman personally.
Mr. CULLOM. And the whole Illinois del-
egation acted with me in the same direction,
from beginning to end.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, Mr. Speaker, the
record will show everything. Wherever I am
mistaken I wish to be considered as retracting.
But I do insist that if the majority of this
House really desired to lower the tariff, had
stuck by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and not been disposed to put the bill aside
from time to time, orto give precedenceto other
measures, as they did finally, that bill would
before tins time have had the sanction in some
shape of the House of Representatives, and
would have gone to the Senate.
Mr. LYNCH. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman is not speaking to the ques-
tion, but is consuming the time of the House
in discussing matters which have been already
passed upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. In reference to the point
of order, I will say, we are speaking upon rev-
enue generally as connected with this bill.
And I will add that before this session closes
I will give my friend from Illinois an oppor-
tunity of showing how far he will go for a re-
duction of the tariff as well as a reduction of
internal taxes.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman will find me
going for a reduction of taxes to the amount
of $100,000,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is too much; the
country cannot stand that; I will add, as the
hammer is about to fall, that I hope this tax
on wholesale liquor-dealers will not be reduced.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, as I had something to do, at least by
my vote, with postponing the tariff bill of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and as from pig
iron down to the last item considered I strove
for a reduction wherever it was possible, I can-
not take the ground that I was not here, for I
was here pretty generally during the consider-
ation of that bill. And I want the country to
understand exactly why I wished to lay it aside.
I did not vote to lay it aside until the gentleman
from Ohio told the House and the country that
there was no hope of passing it at this session.
Therefore, I wanted to lay it aside in order
that his committee might bring in a short bill
of four or five sections and of two or three
pages, which would make a reduction of the
tariff. He had told us, and I agree with him,
that it was impossible to get it through the
House and through the Senate this session;
and it being told the House and country that
all hope of reduction was gone, I voted to lay
it aside in order to proceed with the appropria-
tion bill, and in the hope that the gentleman
would bring in a short bill, which would be a
reduction on a horizontal or some other plane
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LYNCH. i rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion, how the general question can be discussed
on the pending amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to know how the gentleman from Maine can
put a parliamentary question into my speech .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule defi-
nitely on the point raised by the gentleman
