1870.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3019
may a ration do to save itself from destruction,
but what does its honor, what does jastiee re-
quire it to do afterward by way of reparation,
and particularly what does honor require ns to
do in the face of the proclamation of the Pres-
ident and the acta of Congress I have recited.
Mr. President, when a life went out in this
war in upholding the Government, we were
wont to say, of such a one that his death was
glorious. We pointed to his example to excite
emulation. We cherished his memory. His
vacant chair by the home fireside was evermore
sacred. We raised monuments to such. We
pensioned their widows, their young children,
and dependent mothers. We gathered their
dear remains from every battle-field, and laid
them tenderly away in rustic graveyards and
great national cemeteries. Thither every spring
when the grass is green and the birds are
among the trees the nation repairs with uncov-
ered heads and strews the graves of the fallen
patriots with flowers and moistens them with
tears. How just we have been to the dead !
The nation pays $30,000,000 a year to the
families of those who died in her service and
to the disabled survivors. Who challenges
this debt or gainsays its justice? Not one.
All political parties hold it sacred. We have
written it down ia the national Constitution
in perpetual memory that this portion of the
national debt shall never be questioned.
Now, how stands the case of the Union man
of the South who held fast to his loyalty during
the storm of secession; who for his country's
sake, for his love of her flag, for the sake of
the Union and the Constitution, braved inso-
lence, outrage, and persecution; who endured
confiscation, conflagration, exile, and often,
■too often, death? How stands his case, sir,
when he or his heirs come to the bar of this
Council Chamber of the nation, where its in-
tellect, moral sense, and conscience are rep-
resented, and demands, not reparation for the
spoliations oi' the enemy, not even compensa-
tion for losses incident to war, but indemnifi-
cation simply for what his own loved Govern-
ment has appropriated or destroyed—his own
Government, for which he has endured, and
proudly endured, so much—what answer do we
make him? I can fancy him, while hunted by
blood-hounds, taking refuge in the swamps or
in the wooded steep, or looking out from his
cave in the mountains upon his home in con-
flagration, his property swept away, sustained
and upheld by the thought, "This sacrifice is
for my country. All this I can endure that
constitutional liberty may live, that my coun-
try may be preserved from disintegration, and
that the blessed institutions of freedom may
be preserved."
Sir, the records of patriotism during the
world's history do not show sublimer exam-
ples of fortitude than were famished by south-
ern loyalists during this devastating war. The
raging fires consumed every loyal thing. Life,
liberty^ property, all went down before the
storm. Ties of kindred, social, domestic, reli-
gious ties, were snapped asunder. Every muni-
ment of title by which man holds rights of the
State perished like flax in the flames.
At length the deliverer came, with plumes
and banners, with marching columns and the
sweet music of cannon. The poor, hunted loy-
alists went forth to meet him with tears of
joy. What a spectacle of sorrow they pre-
sented in their rags, with their hollow cheeks
and sunken eyes.
But this advancing army, multitudinous, its
wings widely stretched out, must be fed. It
has many wants, and they must be supplied.
No time then to discriminate and inquire who
have been true, who false. This conquering
host must fulfill its mission. Individual rights
must give way to the imperative demands for
subsistence, supplies, and quarters to make it
effectual to accomplish its grand errand. The
laws are silent amid the clash of arms. Culti-
vated fields are desolated, fences destroyed,
property seized. No law of peace survives.
-The law'of war reigns supreroe. No man can
dispute or resist it. It were worth his life to
hold back what is demanded. The bayonet
extorts and expels. Where treason so much
abounds the conquerors regard with suspicion
every profession of loyalty. Such, again, Mr.
President, is war. Primarily, carnage, mutila-
tion, and every form of physical suffering are
its incidents; secondarily, the destruction of
values, the impoverishment of the country, the
laying waste of cultivated fields, the conflagra-
tion of homes, the interruption of industrial
pursuits. And then, in the background, who
can take account of the flowing tears, the
bruised hearts, and blasted hopes which war
entails ? The deadly missile that made a gap
in the advancing line sped its way to a northern
home and buried itself in a wife, a mother,
or sister's heart.
But, sir, the war is over ; its ravages are no
longer visible. The bloody stains have been
washed front the face of the earth; the bleaching
bones have been gathered into national ceme-
teries ; industry has resumed its pursuits; the
country has regained its prosperity; we have
measured our resources and determined we are
able to pay every dollar of indebtedness. We
have now time to look into these bills which
I have described. Shall we do it? Sir, no
nation can afford to be unjust, least of all onrs.
So much blood and treasure were not poured
out to preserve a Government false to the prin-
ciples of common honesty. It is the poorest
policy in the world for a State to deny justice
to its creditors.
The question has a domestic and foreign
aspect. It is well for a proud nation to desire
its credit abroad to be above question. But a
Government wants the respect and good will
of its own citizens much more. It wants its laws
and institutions respected. It wants to attract
immigration and prevent migration. It wants
to attach as with hoops of steel all within its
borders, and make them proud of their coun-
try and contented with their lot. How can
this be done so effectually as in the practice of
good faith? Consider what repudiation has
done for certain States. The swift-rushing
years have borne along the stain. Govern-
ments may refuse to recognize honest demandB
upon their justice year by year; but they do
not, therefore, die out. No, sir; there is no
statute of limitations that a State may plead
until she has first opened her courts or depart-
ments to claimants. The claims which exist
now and demand recognition will exist fifty
years hence. The evidence will be collected
and laid away. They will descend from father
to child. They will become the subject of
barter, and pass into the hands of the specu-
lator, who will compensate himself for his risk
and trouble. These Halls will be besieged
year after year by these claimants, their repre-
sentatives and assigns. Our consciences will
be pricked every year. We can give no honest
answer—no answer satisfactory to ourselves
why these claims should not be recognized.
Every prayer we listen to here in the morning
hour will remind us of a duty undone. We
cannot open our Bibles without being con-
victed of injustice. Haw shall.we excuse our-
selves from doing justice with this taxing power
we hold? Ay, sir, with this sovereign taxing
power we wield over forty million people, to
be swelled vithin a generation to one hundred
millions; this taxing power which now gathers
into our Treasury in a single year near four
hundred million dollars; and for what pur-
pose, sir, I pray, unless it be, in the language
of the Constitution, to pay the debts of the
United States, as well as to provide for the
common defense and general welfare? I say,
how shall we excuse ourselves if, with this
taxing power in our hands and the ample re-
sources of the nation at our command to
answer every demand upon its justice, we
neglect our duty ?
For that portion of our debt expressed in our
bonds we never allow the sun to go down upon
our default. We collect in gold $180,000,606
by taxes in a single year to maintain scrupulous
faith with our bondholders. We do well; we
Could not do otherwise by those who trusted
the Government in its hour of peril and exr
treme need. But, sir, every dollar of the
claims that now lie upon your table is just as
saored as our bonded debt when it represents
the property of a loyal owner taken and appro-
priated by those representing the Government
or destroyed from military necessity.
But, sir, the question recurs, when shall we
begin the work of recognizing the claims of
these loyal sufferers? It is only a question of
time. No nation which recognizes the Christian
Bible as its rule of action can refuse always to
open either its courts or departments to their
investigation and payment. It must begin
some time. Why not begin now, and in tiie
form of the bill under consideration, amended
so as to clothe the Court of Claims with ampler
jurisdiction to hear and determine what is now
upon ex parte evidence heard and determined
by Congress?
Sir, when the objection to the allowance of
these claims comes to be analyzed it will be
found to consist, if we will make honest con-
fession, not so much in our doubt of their jus-
tice as in their magnitude. It is that which
appals us. It is said if we allow one we must
allow all others of the same class; that we
open a floodgate and the Treasury will be bank-
rupted. That is the conclusive argument. It
is the insolvent's plea. We refuse to look into
our affairs. We who had the courage to fight
and put down our enemies, to tax our people,
in order to carry on the war, as no people were
ever taxed before; we, with this unlimited tax-
ing power to liquidate every honest demand ;
we afraid to look into our liabilities! That,
sir, were to turn pale at sight of the mouse
when we have confronted the lion.
These liabilities, what if they are large; have
we not large resources* to meet them? Is not &
great and glorious future spread out before us?
They will never grow less till we pay them.
But if we cannot pay them now or pay thein at
all, let us at least give the claimant a certificate
that we owe him. Let it, if you please, read
something as follows: "This certifies that the
United States forces went into Georgia to put
down the rebellion, to restore the supremacy
of the law, and compel every knee to bow to
the authority of the Government. The bearer
of this was a citizen of Georgia. He remained
faithfal to his Government. He never took
up arms against it, nor willingly lent aid or
comfort to the rebellion. For his loyalty he
suffered greatly at the hands of his rebel neigh-
bors and the rebel authorities. He was spoiled
of his goods, persecuted, outraged, hunted
down, imprisoned. What the rebels spared
the United States forces appropriated when
the delivering army reached Georgia. Between
enemies and friends he lost everything. It
would have been more profitable for him to have
joined the rebels; but he kept the faith, and
in perpetual memory of such transcendent
virtue this certificate is given him. The Uni-
ted States would owe him $100 for that much
of his property actually appropriated and used
by its needy Army if they dare acknowledge
that to take and use his property created any
liability."
Now, sir, why not give him this certificate?
It expresses the truth, does it not? It might
create some astonishment in the Treasury
.Department; the opening of a novel set of
books. Doubtless there would be mysterious
shakings of the head of venerable Treasury
clerks. No doubt the thing would be pro-
nounced quite out of the beaten track, anom-
alous, unprecedented. But it is the truth, is
it not? Now, look again at what this certifi-
cate expresses. Why, sir, it concedes, nay, it
stands out as the prominent dominating fact,
that the Government has got and used and
never paid for the property of one of its citi-
zens, and he a friend, who committed no crime,
