4908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
out. Now, I have modified it in such a way
thai it satisfies liim, and is certainly much less
than was recommended by the committee, it
is not dragging in anything outside of what the
committee have considered, but it is limiting
that very much.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the amendment again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Stewart.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert in (lie
proper place there the word "direct," so as
to make it a direct line. As the amendment
stands it might go in a circuitous route, almost
a circular route.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
that, so as to make it a direct line.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to modify
the amendment so that it will read:
From such eligible point on its present lino to such
point on the Texas Pacific railroad west of tho Col-
orado river as it shall deem most suitable to torm a
direct railroad communication.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. STEWART. .That
will do.
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather alter that
language a little. I move that it be amended
so as to read ''by the most direct and prac-
ticable route."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word •' com-
munication" the words '"by the most dircet
and practicable route."
Mr. STEWART. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. CASSERLY. On the last night of the
discussion of this bill the twenty-tilth section
as repoiled by the committee, which was per-
haps in some respects similar, and in other
respects dissimilar to the one_ now offered, was
stricken out on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. IIaiilax.'J The great objection to
that section was its extreme vagueness. It was
susceptible of almost any meaning, and might
be understood so as to provide for two, or even
three new lines. As I then stated, I have no
objection to giving this company a connection
with the thirty-second parallel road, provided
the connection and the general line of it be
definitely pointed out; that is to say, as deti-
nitely as is practicable.
It seems to mc that the amendment now
offered is more vague than the section which
was stricken out the other night. It provides
for no point on the present route ot the South-
ern Pacific Railroad Company where this
branch is to begin. It provides for 110 point
on the thirty-second parallel road where H is
1.0 end. The present route of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company of California begins
at San Francisco, runs down to Gilroy, eighty
miles or more; from Gilroy it crosses the coast
range into the Tulare valley, and runs a dis-
tance of two hundred and fifty or three hun-
dred miles further; and the thirty-second
parallel road extends from the Colorado river
to San Diego; that is three hundred miles
more. Now, at what point upon the present
route of the Southern Pacific, between three
and four hundred miles long, is this road to
begin, and at what point on the thirty-second
parallel road, which is three hundred miles
within the Slate of California, is it to end !
I earnestly asl: my friend trom Nevada to
give us something definite, so that we may know
what we are voting on. No one can^eontend
that it is reasonable that the entire istate of
California south of the bay of San hranoiseo
should be left, even for a period of six months,
to any company to fix a road, to begin where
it pleases on a line of four hundred miles, and
to end where it pleases on another line of three
hundred miles. There should bo something
definite.
The other night, so far as I understood any-
thing about it, I understood that the wish of
- the company and the effect of section twenty-
live, which was stricken out, were to make a
connection by the Tulare valley route with, the
thirty-second parallel road. Now, the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Nevada 'his
evening leaves that entirely vague, and it may
as well be held to cover a connection by anew
road running along the coast from some point
between San Francisco and Gilroy, on a lino
of eighty-five miles, ag the road through the
Tulare valley.
I am very sorry that the Senator from
Nevada has not had this important amendment
printed. In any view, it calls for a road two
hundred and fifty or three hundred miles long
through the State of California, and calls for
lands to aid in the building of it at the rate, if
I remember rightly, of ten sections to the mile
on each side of tho road; that is, twenty sec-
tions—twelve thousand eight hundred acres—
along a line of road which may be three hundred
miles long. That is 110 small matter to take
out of a State where you have already given
away, I should say, the bulk of the valuable
lands remaining to be controlled by Congress.
I repeat, I regret that the Senator did not
have his amendment printed, so that we might
examine it. It is nearly impossible to tell
what it means. Although I went to his desk,
hearing he had such an amendment, and looked
at it and compared it with the map, still it is
extremely vague and unsatisfactory. I ask
the Secretary to oblige mc by reporting it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that tho
point of connection 011 the thirty-second paral-
lel ought to be fixed; I do not mean to say
with exact precision, but in a general way at
least, so that it may be understood where this
road intends to connect. The language is,
'•west of the Colorado river." 1 f the Senator
from Nevada has no objection, I should like
to insert the words "one hundred miles west
of flie Colorado river," giving a range of one
hundred miles west of the Colorado river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Senator
from California moves to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator from Nevada that the amendment I offer
is such as to make the language used by him
read " one hundred miles west of the Colorado
river," or •' within a distance of one hundred
miles west of the Colorado river." If the Sen-
ator does not like that language let him fix any
other point. I am perfectly willing to give a
margin of fifty or one hundred miles; but lot
us have something definite.
Mr. STEWART. " At a point one hundred
miles west," or any point west of that, because
thev may go directly to San Diego, if the coun-
try "is such that they can do so. I would rather
it should bo 'confined as near to the coast as it
can be. I am willing that it shall be limited
as much as possible and brought as near the
coast as the surveys will allow it to be. I do
not know how the country is there. Yon might
say "not exceeding one hundred miles cast
of San Diego," or "not exceeding fifty miles."
I think Ihey can run within fifty miles. I do
not know how that is. 1 will say '• at, a point
not exceeding fifty miles east of San Diego."
Mr. OASSERI-Y. One hundred miles cast
of San Diego would take in every terminus
worth anything to a railroad. If the Senator
will say fifty miles I have no objection.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly I will accept
that limitation. That is what i said.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will take fifty; I thought
the Senator said one hundred. I should be
glad if the Senator would fix some point of
the same approach, making it definite, for the
starting point on the present route of the road.
Mr. STEWART. If I eould fix it. I would.
What point does the Senator desire ?_
Mr. CASSERLY. I have 110 choice about
it. I am not in charge of the amendment., and
do not know what the company desire,
Mr. STEWART. I cannot tell there. It is
a very mountainous country, and it will depend
on the survey. I have limited them to six
months within which to make the S«rvey-
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- -
ment will be reported, as modified. .
The Chief Ci.eek. The amendment, as mod-
ified, reads as follows:
That tho Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California is hereby authorized, and power is hereby
conferred upon it, to extend, construct, and mam-
tain a branch railroad, in conformity with the Ifiws
of California,-l'rotn such eligible point, on its Present
lino, to such point 011 the iexas Pacmc raalioad,
west of the Colorado river, not exceeding fifty mile=
east of Ban Diego, as it snail deem most suitable. «c.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest to insert the
words "near the present terminus.''
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no ; that will not d*o.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, I suggest to the
Senator from Nevada that the starting point
be at some point at or near the town of Gil-
roy ; within twenty-five miles east or west of
that town.
Mr. STEWART. I accept that.
Mr. CASSERLY. Commencing on its pro-
posed route at or near the town of Gilroy, and
within twenty-five miles east or west ot that
town. . .
Mr. COLE. I shall oppose that proposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my colleague will
allow me one moment, I suggested that because
it loaves the company at liberty either to go
down by the coast route 01; by the Tulare val-
ley, but compels them to fix the route within
six months. Of course I do not look with any
satisfaction on the prospect ofonecompany 
Mr. NYE. There is 110 difference between
the two propositions. It is simply alew miles,
anyhow.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think my friend
understands what 1 am saying as I understand
it myself. I say I do not look with any satis-
faction upon this company, or any company,
practically controlling the railroad system of
California, by having the right to build one
route down through the Tulare valley and the
other louto between the coast range and the
Pacific ocean. I went over all that ground
the other night, and I do not propose to repeat
it. The Senate understand it as well as I can
bring them to understand it. But the advan-
tage of this starting point undoubtedly is that
it enables the company to choose the one route
or the other, and I presume it will not choose
both, to build a road upon. I suggest to my
colleague, at the same time, that I shall be glad
to hear what he has to say on the subject.
Mr. COLE. It may be, and in my judg-
ment it is very likely, that the starting point
from the road that is already projected will be
at some point south of the Tulare valley, or
near the southern end of the Tulare valley,
running down through the county of San Ber-
nardino, and perhaps through the counties of
Los Angeles and San Diego. If that should
be their conclusion, if such should be regarded
as the most eligible route, the starting point
which would be fixed now by the amendment
of my colleague would bo exceedingly disad-
vantageous to the company, requiring them to
commence at some point two or three hun-
dred mites distant from the point that may be
selected under the supposition that I have just
presented, i think it would not be good pol-
icy to fix the point of starting within a certain
distance, say, of the town of Gilroy, which is
within about eighty miles of Sati Francisco,
Mr. STEWART. I accept the amendment
of the Senator from California, [Mr. Cas-
SEKI.Y.]
Mr. COLE. I do not accept it.
_ Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Nevada lias a right to accept the amend-
! ment to the amendment.
| Mr. STEWART. I want to accommodate
I conflicting views, and that appears to be a fair
! proposition.
1 Mr. COLE. I hope my colleague will not
: deem it advisable to press the amendment he
| suggests. It will be remembered that the other
■ night ishw, we had the matter under discus-
