3020
THE CONGRESSIONAL G>L©BE.
April 27,
-whom loyalty, on the contrary, was aa bright
and pare as gold in the refiner's pot. VVtmt
does the Government plead? No, sir, not me
Government, bat it a advocates in this Chamber.
Simply this, that his property chanced to be in
enemies' country; within lines of jurisdiction
that shitted with everybatUe,always contracting.
It was hia misfortune, says the argument, to be
there, although it was his birth-place; although
itwaspartof the national domain; although the
Constitution was always the supreme law of the
land there, and he entitled to its protection ;
although we sent our armies there to reestab-
lish and vitalize the doctrine that no man should
be deprived of his property without due pro-
cess of law, nor private property be taken for
public use without just compensation.
To all this it is answered, during the time it
was thus enemies' country did not his duty
to the Government remain unchanged? Was
there ever a time when he was absolved from
his allegiance; when lie was not liable to bear
arms, to pay taxes, and perform all other duties
of the citizen ? Was there ever a moment when
the Constitution and laws of the United States
were not the supreme law of the land there,
affecting him in common with all others? Was
it not the whole theory of the war that seces-
sion ordinances were void and the governments
instituted by traitors usurpations, and every
form of aid to them treason ? And why trea-
son, if the national law was not always there?
Sir, Government owes protection where it
exacts allegiance. Its function is to protect.
If government be a compact, then the people
in their collective capacity undoubtedly agree
with the individual to take care of him in the
three grand divisions of his rights—life, liberty,
and property. They covenant to guard these
rights against invasion and to give him the
benefit of every necessary preventive and reme-
dial law.
What, in turn, do the people in their collect-
ive capacity exact of the oitisen? That be
shall disarm himself and trust to hiB Govern-
ment to protect him. For this protection he
agrees to fight for it in war, to maintain its
cause against all its enemies, to forego comfort,
endure fatigne, expose health and life, to pay
taxes on his capital and earnings in order to
maintain it in decency, and to respond to all
its calls for money as well as its calls to arms.
Yes, sir, protection; that is all the eitizen
ask8 from Government in exchange for its un-
limited drafts upon his services and substance;
protection against violence, riots, tumults;
protection against private wrongs through the
instrumentality of courts. If he does not get
this thing protection, pray what does he get?
What fruit or recompense does Government
yield in exchange for what it exacts?
Let me suppose this citizen obeying both his
duty and his instinct of loyalty by serving in
the ranks of the Army while insurgents are
ravaging his property, burning his dwelling, bis
barns and stacks. He is consoled in thinking
bis Government is doing all in its power to put
down the insurrection. But suppose while he
was fighting at Gettysburg another branch of
the Army on a distant field, in Mississippi, was
driving off his flocks and herds for its support
in "enemies' country;" is there no liability
bere? Shall he, clothed in the national uni-
form, drawing pay as a soldier, fizhting at this
very moment for his country, be denounced a
constructive enemy and stripped of his prop-
erty as if he Were a traitor ? Does not the case
I put scatter to the winds the dogma upon which
compensation is denied him?
Sir, if it be true that the few whose cans* I
plead must endure their losses, why not strike
all the pensioners off the rolls? Nay, why
pension at all ? To what end are these many
millions of pension money drawn from the
industry and capital of the country every year?
Do you say it is to compensate those whom the
fortunes of war have crippled and made less
able to support themselves? Why, by the same
rale, should you not indemnify those whose
Bubstance contributed, in conjunction with the
soldier's valor, to bri ng about the result ? Why
and upon what principle are you guilty of the
inconsistency of compensating and pensioning
a man as a Union soldier, ana robbing him of
his property as a constructive enemy?
Sir, when I oonsider the results which have
followed the war I feel that no amount of
money we can expend in doing justice can
measure the benefits to liberty, humanity, and
freedom we have acquired. The imagination
cannot take in the grand future in store for
this nation if it be true to the principles upon
which it iB founded. That cause of shipwreck
which the fathers feared has disappeared. That
rock to which all political prophecy pointed as
theone against which theshipof State should be
dashed to pieces has sunk forever in the ocean.
She floats upon a calm sea with no cloud visi-
ble in all the horizon. There are no More
bond and free. The sun which looks down
upon forty million peoplesees nota tingle slave
in the whole of this Republic. We have in*
grafted upon the Constitution that freedouand
civil and political equality henceforth belong
to all.
Shall we in whose keeping is now the good
name of the nation; shall we who are writing
its history, blot the page whieh records the
complete restoration of the Union by an act
of signal injustice to these suffering loyal men ?
No, sir; let us rather so administer our trust,
while the honor of. this great nation is in our
keeping, that men shall ever say its greatness
was excelled by its virtne. Let ub do nothing
that shall cause this good loyal soul for whom
I plead to heave a sigh, so gentle, it may be,
aa to fall only upon the all-listening Ear; a sigh
bubbling up from this wounded' heart, soaroe
confessed, that this unjust Government was
not worth the sacrifices made to save it. No,
sir; in disposing of this question let us do
nothing to make him doubt the justice of God
or mourn the ingratitude of his country.
[DurihgMr. Pbatt's remarkB the mosning
hour expired; but by unaniaoas- consent he
was allowed to finish bis speech.]
Mr* McCREERY. Mr. President*-"—
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in tha chair.) This bill having been
taken up by general consent, the regular order
of business must be taken up, whioh is the
Calendar. ...
Mr. McCREERY. I suppose that whatlittle
I have to say will not be objected to on the
part of any Senator present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky asks unanimous consent to con*-
tinue this discussion. Is there any objection ?
The Chair hears none, and the Senator from
Kentucky will proceed.
Mr. McCREERY. The distinguished Sen*
ator from Indiana [Mr. Pbavt] in the opening
of his remarks took occasion to allade to the
fact that I objected to a bill which he intro-
duced the other day in behalf of a colored eiti-
zen of the State of Virginia. The Senator
omitted, inadvertently no donbt, to state the
reasons. If he had given the reasons of my
objection it wonld have been -unnecessary for
me to supply that deficiency; I objected to
the proposition on the ground that I was op-
posed to singling out a solitary individual and
giving him the benefit of a law for his special
relief, while a.class, and a veryjarge class,
according to the gentleman's own showing,
oocupied the same position; The gentleman
has spoken earnestly and ably, as he always
does; but he failed, as I remarked before, to
give the reasons which induced me to inter*
pose the objection which I did yesterday.
[ am in favor of going much further than the
gentleman himself goes. He seems to me to
occnpy a sort of half-way position. I move to
strike out the word 14loyalty" wherever it
occurs in the bill upon which he has spoken.
This, instead of impairing its force, will make
it more extended and more benefioent in its
operation. I hope that neither this motion nor
tha reasons adduced in its support will fall
harshly uponthe ears of the Senate.
It is time, in my judgment, that the states-
men of this country were engaged in devising
measures to promote the welfare and prosper-
ity of the whole people. That greatobject can-
not be attained by the enactment of discrim-
inating laws. If you regard party success as
paramount to all other considerations, sound
policy would dictate the necessity of adopting
milder measures toward the southern people.
Conciliation follows kindness as naturally as
alienation follows revenge. On the field of Ap-
pomattox the sword was returned to its scab-
bard, where I hope it will rust forever. In the
friendly embrace of the commanders, and in
the eordial greetings of their followers, the
horrors of the bloody strife were forgotten.
The artioles of capitulation were such as a gen-
erous oonqueror could extend to a fallen foe.
By the fortunes of war they stood upon that
field in the attitude of victor and prisoner; and
the victor, instead of seeking to add humilia-
tion to defeat, adopted the wiser policy of
1 guarantying his peaceful intentions in the gen-
erosity of his terms.
From the moment of that capitulation mil-
itary operations ceased; but a legislative cam-
paign soon opened which promises to be in-
terminable in its duration. The pen, and not
, the sword, is the instrument, and degradation
: and ruin are the ends. Prominent among
these are a system of measures known under
the general name of reconstruction, from which
it may be learned that a State is a State for
i the purpose of ratifying a Radical constitu-
1 tional amendment, but that in other respects
| a State is not a State until it has subscribed
i and sworn to a string of fundamental condi-
j tions" whieh, when stripped Of their pOmpous
t phraseology, mean simply " you are in as long
as yoa vote the Radical ticket." The negroes
of the South are in the enjoyment of suffrage,
while the white people are disfranchised, ex-
cept so far as their disabilities are graciously
removed by act of Congress. •
Confiscation, tod, has done its work. Mrs.
Lee has been excluded from Arlington, the
home whioh she and her children inherited
from their revolutionary ancestors. Aged,
infirm, and feeble, as she is, she has been
forced to seek a shelter between the mount-
ains of Virginia. What was the crime of this
prostrate and helpless wqman? Her-only
crime is that she married the man of her
choice; and for that she has been despoiled,
not only of her houses and lands, but of the
relics, the gifts, and the mementoes that were
■ left to her family by the Father of his Coun-
try. A bill has passed the lower House to
restore this personal property to its owner;
and I hope before the' adjournment of this
Congress some Radical member of generous
impulse* will introduce a measure to restore
to Tier her houses and lands.
The word ♦♦loyalty," whatever may have
been its primary signification, now means an
unfaltering devotion to the fortunes of the Rad-
ios! I party, and has no connection whatever
with efforts made to pseserve or destroy " the
life of the nation." General Morgan, whose
perilous retreat from Cumberland Gap in the
face of superior-force has given him high rank
among the heroes of the war, was not loyal
enough to hold a seat in the last Congress,
although a large majority of the qualified elect-
ors of his district had voted for him; but Gen-
eral Longstreet, whose advancing columns
Carried defeat and dismay to Union_ hearts on
more than one occasion, is precisely loy&l
enough to hold the BUrveyorship of the port et
New Orleans. General Morgan is a Democrat
and General Longetreet may be a Radical I
The leadingobjection to this system of meas-
ure haB been that frauds will ensue, by whicn
it iB meant, I suppose, that persons who were
really inimical to the Government might by
competent proof establish the contrary an
draw the money. Still another embarrassment
