1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The cost of printing for the Treasury De-
partment for the past year is $210,989: for
the War Department, $84,571; for the Post
Office Department, $96,745 ; for the Interior
Department, $112,082; for the State Depart-
ment, $13,418; for the Navy Department,
$97,158; for the Agricultural Department,
$29,680; for the Judiciary, $16,668; and the
entire cost of printing for the Executive and
the Judicial Departments is $646,045, of which
about one third is for blank books and binding.
The binding for the Library .of Congress alone
cost $10,766.
In former times and under the old system of
public printing, when the work was given out
to a contractor, who was necessarily a partisan
and was expected to pay a portion of his profits
into the treasury of his party, there was a con-
stant pressure to print large editions of the
public documents, and great indulgence was
shown toward the character of the work. I
have seen nothing more disgraceful to the typo-
graphical art in America than some of the
congressional documents of that period. The
paper was sometimes execrable. In order to
increase the number of pages each resolution,
however short, was printed on a single page,
till the books looked like Sir Benjamin Back-
bite's poetryJfrhere a rivulet of text, a very
dirty and muddy rivulet, meanders through a
wide meadow of margin. Later, when the Gov-
ernment assumed abetter supervision over the
expenditure for printing, very costly publica-
tions were authorized. Some of them were
printed by special contract with private pub-
lishers.
The cost of the printing ordered by both
Houses of Congress for the year ending Sep-
tember 20,1868, was $656,838, and for the year
ending September 20, 1869, it was $689,486.
The total amount of printing ordered by the
two sessions of the Thirty-Third Congress was
$2,220,715, and the amount ordered by the
two sessions of the Thirty-Fourth Congress was
$1,618,292. These totals, however, included
some items that in the figures which I have
given for the later Congresses are charged to
t lie Executive Departments. For the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress the Sen-
ate ordered $287,403 of printing, the House
$504,494; being an aggregate of $791,897,
against $498,000 ordered by both Houses for
the first session of the Fortieth Congress.
The three volumes of the Japan expedition
cost $240,586, and the three volumes of the
astronomical expedition to Chili cost $697,704.
The further publication of this work was stopped
by order of the Senate, on the recommenda-
'.ion of the Committee on Printing. The report
of the Mexican boundary surveys cost $223,771.
The publication of the Pacific railroad surveys
cost about one million dollars. All these works
were printed years ago. The practice of these
costly publications has been wisely abandoned.
The cost of printing the President's message
and the accompanying documents has been
materially reduced, under the law which fixed
the, number for both Houses, and the value
of the publication, so far as the law has been
complied with, has been greatly increased, by
commencing it before the assembling of Con-
gress, so that it is ready in the first week of
the session. It is to be regretted that in some
of the bureaus this law is neglected, and at this
date, or a few days ago, some of the reports that
were due on the 1st of November had not
been placed in the hands of the Congressional
Printer. The abridgment of the message, suit-
ably edited, has also lessened the cost and in-
creased the value of the publication. The edi-
tion ofthe report of the Commissioner of Patents
has been reduced by the Senate from ten thou-
sand to four thousand, and by the House from
thirty thousand to fifteen thousand, and other
documents have been printed in smaller num-
bers. I take pleasure in calling the attention of
the Senate to these facts because they afford the
practical refutation ofthe statements, so widely
circulated, charging upon Congress great ex-
travagance in the public printing. I think we
may safely say that at no time since the prac-
tice of printing public documents for popular
distribution has been fully established has the
public printing been conducted with greater
economy than at present. _
It must be borne in mind that while Con-
gress has diminished rather than increased the
annual expense of its printing, the aggregate
expenditures at the Government Printing Office
have been increased by the cost of executing the
printing and binding of the Departments. No
new printing is ordered for Congress unless
upon the recommendation of one or both of its
Committees on Printing, who have endeavored
at least to exercise rigid economy, although at
times their recommendations have been made
the subject of criticism. But in some instances
the Departments apparently pay little regard to
the cost of the work which they order. Expen-
sive books as well as briefpamphlets are ordered
to be printed, and not only these, but other
books in large numbers are often bound in an
expensive manner. While we at the Capitol
are content to have our volumes of public docu-
ments bound in sheepskin or in muslin, some
of the heads of bureaus have special copies
of their reports elegantly bound in Turkey
morocco, elaborately gilded, for distribution
among their friends. There is not, so far as I
have been able to ascertain, any legal limit to
the cost of the printing or binding ordered by
the Departments, neither is there any public
statement of the items of this expenditure, to
show whether it was necesssary for the trans-
action of the public business.
But while these important reforms, to which
I have previously alluded, have been made in
the congressional printing, others not less im-
portant and more radical invite the attention
of Congress. At the last session of Congress
this subject was discussed at length, in a report
which I had the honor to present from the
Committee on Printing, in reference to a reso-
lution introduced by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] directing the committee—
" To examine and report the cost of each and all
documents annually published for distribution, and
to inquire and report as to the expediency of dis-
continuing the distribution of all public documents
except the Congressional Globe and the report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, with a provision that
such documents may be printed and disposed of at
the cost price; to invite proposals for the publication
of the actual proceedings and debates in Congress,
and thecost of such publication by the Congressional
Printer, and to inquire what changes, if any, are
necessary in the present laws providing for the
publication of the laws of the United States."
The whole system of printing public docu-
ments for popular distribution gratuitously
should be abandoned. The necessity for it, if
the necessity ever existed, has ceased. It is
answered by the newspaper press, which, with
far greater promptness than, is possible on the
part of the Government, furnishes to the pub-
lic all the information contained in these doc-
uments, and publishes at length so many of
them as are of sufficient interest to a very
moderate number of readers to justify the space
which they occupy. The printing of these
public documents involves the cost of trans-
porting them through the mails, bringing a
heavy burden upon the Post Office Depart-
ment, whose revenue is far behind its expend-
itures. The publication of a large number is
also a temptation to bureau officers to enlarge
their reports, and to bring before Congress
voluminous discussions, instead of simple and
concise statements of the operation of the
branches of the public service that are carried
on under their supervision. Some of these re-
ports furnish disquisitions upon the science of
government, treatises upon political economy,
discussions upon history, geography, and eth-
nology; all of which are very well in their
place, and which often do credit to their au-
thors, but which are not especially needed in
the public legislation, and which do not always
supply information not accessible in the Con-
gressional Library. The preparation of these
voluminous reports oft<>n occupies time that
might be more profitably^devoted to the prac-
tical details of official business, and renders an
increased clerical force necessary in the De-
partments ; and the popular applause which
the best of these sometimes win provokes other
and less competent officials to follow the exam-
ple, and a very considerable amount of inform-
ation is given to us which is neither new nor
authentic, and a great deal of counsel that is
not especially sound or judicious. The report
of a bureau should be limited to a statement
of its Operations for the year, a notice of the
defects in existing laws that immediately affect
it, and recommendations for such additional
legislation as these suggest and is called for by
the needs of the service ; and all these should
be treated with brevity.
But with the necessity of rigid economy in
every department of the Government, I need
not enlarge upon the desirableness of reducing
still further the cost of the public printing.
The only question is, can it be done, and how
| can it be done without injury to the efficiency
of the public service ? The reports from the
Departments must be printed. In no other
way can they be brought to the attention of
Senators and Representatives, for whose con-
, sideration they are immediately intended. The
! information which they contain is large and
varied, and of great value. They embody the
history of the Government for the year that
has gone; its revenues and expenditures; its
growth and progress ; its domestic and foreign
operations; its naval and military condition.
These reports are "the ledgers of a realm,"
they are the materials of history, they are
essential to the proper understanding of the
present condition, and the future wants of the
|! Government. They must of course be printed.
! They are not only necessary for present use,
! but valuable for future reference. And when
they are in type, the additional cost of print-
ing a few for preservation in public offices and
I libraries is comparatively small.
[ So far there is no abuse. This commences
' when large editions are printed for popular
1 distribution, when the Government assumes
the duty of supplying the people with books,
and they are sent out with little discrimina-
tion, as they must be under the present sys-
tem. And this is the point where the printing
should cease. The best way to reform the
abuse is to Btop the practice. And in this
, judgment I have the concurrence of the chair-
man of the committee on the part of the House
, and of one colleague.
But it is not necessary to withhold the in-
I formation in these reports from any person
who values it enough to pay the cost of print-
ing the additional copies. This cost, of course,
would be much less than the cost of the ori-
ginal edition, which includes the expense of
• setting the type.
In England, any parliamentary document that
is printed can be bought at a moderate price,
t Our law allows any one to order of the Con-
gressional Printer documents in advance of
i their publication, at the cost of printing. This
II privilege has been taken advantage of only to
a limited extent, as might be expected. When
books are given away by the thousand, people
are not likely to buy them, at whatever price.
But if they were not gratuitously distributed,
the public demand would soon indicate to the
dealers in books what documents, and in what
numbers, they should order for sale. Thus, not
only would the Treasury be relieved from the
cost of this gratuitous publication, but the doc-
uments would pass into the hands of those for
whom, of all others, they are intended, those
who understand what they are, and who, under-
standing this, desire them, and are willing to
pay for them. Such a distribution, which places
the public documents just where they are most
wanted, would accomplish the objects of pub-
lication infinitely beyond any gratuitous distri-
bution, however numerous. In England no
parliamentary documents are printed ior popu-
uhir distribution, but they are all sold at alow
