1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4900
sion my colleague maintained that possibly
they might desire to start whore he now pro-
poses they shall start, and I maintained that
they would start from the southern end of the
Tulare valley, to go on three hundred miles
further south. At that time his belief was that
they would start where he now proposes they
shall start, and-my opinion was that they would
not, but would probably see it to their advan-
tage to start at a point at the southern end of
the Tulare valley.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is aquestion ofgeog-
rapliy and localities whicli must be rather try-
ing to the Senate, but it is very essential to the
determination of this question. I wish to say
to my colleague that so far as I am concerned
it would satisfy me just as entirely to have his
view adopted, and have the company required
to make their connection from some point on
the Tulare valley route, say about the thirty-
sixth parallel; but 1 did not wish, under the
circumstances whicli I understand to exist, to
compel thom to select either one of two routes.
My object is that they shallhave only one right
of connection with the thirty-second parallel;
and I understand that is the effect of this amend-
ment. If they are to have but one, then I was
desirous not to limit them too narrowly as to
which route they should choose for making that
connection, but to leave them free to take either
the route through the valley or the loute down
the coast, restricting them, however, to one
route of connection.
I do not propose to go over the debate which
was had the other evening on this subject. My
colleague did not understand my views then,
perhaps through some fauitot mine, and does
not understand them now, doubtless through
my own faultin failing to express them properly.
Certainly there was a good deal of confusion
and noise in the Chamber, and I frequently
misunderstand what he says, and I can readily
comprehend that he misunderstood what I said.
The Senate, however, will remember what I
said, and it happens to be punted in the Globe,
so that it remains to be seen by anybody who
desires to see it. My object in fixing the start-
ing point at or near Gilroy, I repeat, is to give
the company a choice of the route on which
to make this single connection with the thirty-
second parallel road.
Mr. COLE. One word only. Ihe amend-
ment proposed by my colleague does not give
them a choice of route. II they are to com-
mence at the point designated by my colleague
then of course they cannot commence at a point
south of the Tulare valley, because to run from
near Gilroy, where they would have to com-
mence under his amendment, they would have
to run over precisely the same route to reach
the point at the south end ot the tulare valley.
Mr. SCOTT. When the Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Casserly] first made this objec-
tion I understood him to desire to l'n®
grant, 60 that the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company ofCaliforma mightbuild itsroad Irom
its present authorized southern terminus to
the thirty-second parallel. Now that pieseut
authorized southern terminus is upon the east-
ern boundary oi tho Coloiftoo
river, if his present suggesf:oii be accepted,
to authorize them to build from Gilroy to the
thirty-second parallel, then they will ready be
authorized to build two routes of railroad^ one
from Gilroy, down through the Tulare valley,
to the eastern boundary of California, and the
other down the coast, for '-he purpose ot reach-
ing tho thirty-second parallel. Do 1 understand
that to be the intention of the Senator from
California in moving his amendment ?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; I have no such
intention. I do not wish this company to nave
both routes down through the State ot Cali-
fornia, connecting with the thirty-second paral-
lel, and I do not suppose that they will build
more than one connecting road.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish then, to cal
the Senator's attention to the iaet that that
company being now authorized to build a road
through the Tulare valley to the eastern bound-
ary ot California, and also by their charter t,o
build a road down the coast, under the law
of California, if his present amendment be
accepted it will authorize them to extend both
lines to the thirty-second parallel.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as this amend-
ment gives rise to so much discussion, I appeal
to my friend from California not to press it,
but to let it go. I think he had better not
press it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Still, I owe it to myself
to make clear my meaning. It is misunder-
stood, not only by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, but, which i3 more surprising, by my
colleague. My colleague says this amendment
does not give this company a choice of route.
That is precisely the thing which it does give
them, just as much as a company commencing
at the city of New York with its road would
have a choice of routes, after it reached Albany,
whether it would goto Buffalo through the State
of New York, or by way of the lakes, partly
by boat on the lakes and partly by railroad, to
Oswego. The town of Gilroy is on the pres-
ent route of this road and on the general line
of the road down the Tulare valley, of which
my friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania,
spoke very correctly. It is also a point from
which a road may be built between the coast
range and the Pacific ocean. Consequently,
the company, being already at that point, have
the alternative, in making this connection,
either to make it along the route already
granted by the Senate to the company, through
the Tulare valley, or by a new line between the
coast range and the Pacific ocean, which, I
understand, it is claimed they have the author-
ity from the State of California to make; and
I observe, by the wording of the amendment,
that unless they have that authority and may
build it according to the laws of California,
they are not empowered to build it. Hence,
being at Gilroy, the company have the alter-
native to choose either route for a connection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this matter has
occupied so much time that we had better
adjourn. ["Oh, no 1"] It seems the debate
is going to be continued. T think I shall move
to adjourn. ["No!" "No!"] Are you going
to vole now?
Mr. STEW ART. Yes; wc are ready to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
tiiony. ) The Chair understands the Senator
from Nevada to accept the amendment of the
Senator from California.
Mr. STEWART. No; I hope the Senator
from California will withdraw that. I beg him
to let my amendment go as it is.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope so, too. We are
loading this bill too much.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California insist on his amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought my amendment
had the merit of making the starting point
defimle. I should be very glad if the Senate
were to agree with me. If they do not, I shall
not continue any debate about it.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as it giv^s rise
to debate, I hope tho Senator will not insist
upon it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does tho
Senator from California withdraw the amend-
ment ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps the Senator from
South Carolina wishes to speak upon it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Inasmuch as this amend-
ment creates a great deal of difficulty 1 beg to
sav one word. .
Mr. STEWART. The discussion is all ended
now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 cannot see the neces-
sity for this amendment. I cannot see tho
necessity for hampering this bill with this
amendment, or any other amendment of a like
nature. All these propositions to appropriate
lands to build railroads through the State of -
California or in the Territories should be made
to stand on their own merits and not be attached
to this bill. Tho friends of the Central Pacific
railroad and the friends of the Northern Pacific
railroad promised to give us a Southern Paeific
road; and yet some of them now come forward
and embarrass this bill in every possible shape
by sticking amendments upon it. I liope the
amendment will be voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Casserly] to the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.]
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed that was with-
drawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not so understand it. The question is oa
the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I dislike very much to
trouble tho Senate; but I have an amendment
to offer of considerable moment to the State
whicli I represent, and to wlncii I should like
very briefly to call attention.
It will be remembered that on the first night
this bill was under consideration along amend-
meut was proposed by my friend from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard.] It is unnecessary to read
that amendment. I will state the substance
of it, and I know every Senator who was then
present will remember it at once. The amend-
ment provided that three railroads, the Ala-
bama and Chattanooga, running from Chatta-
nooga to Meridian ; the Mississippi Southern,
or Vicksburg and Meridian as it is nowcalled,
from Meridian to Vicksburg; and the North
Louisiana and Texas, running from a point
opposite Vicksburg on the Mississippi river, in
Louisiana, to Marshall, or to a point near Mar-
shall, onthe'fexan line, connecting as proposed
with this Texas Pacific railroad, should have
i power to consolidate, and that a certain grant
' of land should be given to them, the same as
is provided for in this bill for the main road ill
j States, which is ten sections. The Senate will
recollect the debate which sprang up on that
amendment. I have no disposition to go into
that question now. W hen appealed to then I
stated to the Senate the precise condition of
the North Louisiana and Texas Railroad Com-
pany, which is owned by some of the best and
most prominent men in our State. This North
Louisiana and Texas railroad is vitally import-
ant not onlv to that locality, but I can show the
. Senate, I think, that it is of vital importance
Lto the people east of the Mississippi river; that
r is to say, to Vicksburg and east of Vicksburg;
i for it makes a continuous connection.
In 18.36, as I stated the other evening, Con-
gress gave that road six sections of land per
miie. Last winter Congress revived the grant
in reference to the Chattanooga road. The
Meridian road has had its grant, and absorbed
it in building its road; but the North Louisiana
has not had its grant. That company have
i built seventy-five miles ot tho road, mainly
I through a swampy country, costing $10,000 a
! mile, without the grant, I stated that fact to
i the Senate the other evening, whereupon the
| Senate very generously gave us this amend-
|: ment, which was moved by the Senator from
'l Wisconsin [Mr. Caupexter] as a substitute
ji for the amendment proposed by the Senator
j; from Michigan, [Mr. ilow.utu.] I will read it:
![ That tho Texas Pacific RailroadrCoiapany shall
! consent to 9, junction ot its raid at Marshall, m tho
;j state of 'fextis, with Ihe roud of tho Alabama anu
il Chattanooga Railroad Company, when eonsoiiaatoa
