1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
cost, and the returns from this source in 1866
were near eleven thousand pounds.
The most costly of the public documents
lias been the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, although this year the report of
the Commissioner of Patents overtops it. Ad-
dressed to the most numerous class of pro-
ducers, it has always been a favorite book with
the people, and the demand has exceeded even
the extravagant supply that is annually voted.
How much that demand would fall off if the
book could be had by paying the cost of print-
ing it, or even the cost of transmitting it
through the mails, I will not attempt to esti-
mate. There will always be a good demand for
books that are given away. Before the introduc-
tion of the Bullock press, which has materially
economized the public printing, sixteen Adams
presses were employed, for months, in working
off the enormous edition of this work, the cost
of printing and binding which, the last year,
was $131,086. This book has almost always
been a valuable one, and has doubtless ren-
dered valuable, acceptable service in the im-
provements of our agriculture; but it is not
merely a report of the operations of a Depart-
ment ; it is not confined even to the record of
the progress of agriculture during the year, and
to an account of new processes and modes of
culture, to inventions in implements and agri-
cultural machinery. It is largely occupied with |
dissertations and treatises upon various matters !
of husbandry, and often with the discussion I
of controverted questions. It is more a work
upon scientific and practical agriculture than
a report of the transactions of a bureau.
These treatises and discussions &re generally i
well written, and they have engaged some of j
the best writers upon these subjects. But I do i
not know that the volume is more valuable j
than similar first-class works, periodical and
other, upon the same topics. And the ques-
tion naturally comes up, is it the province of
the Government to supply information of this
i character? If it should publish annually a col-
lection of articles upon farming, why not ren-
der the same service to other branches of pro-
ductive industry—to manufacturing, to the ,
mechanic arts, to steam-engineering, to nav-
igation, and to the construction of railroads?
If it be said that agriculture is the most im-
portant of all industrial pursuits, the reply is
plain, that while this should receive the first
and chief attention of the Government in this
respect, the others should receive attention, at
least, in the order of their merits. In my
judgment, the discussion of agricultural sub-
jects may be safely left to the varied and
excellent journals that have been established
in that interest.
Another costly publication is the report of
the Commissioner of Patents. This was first
published in 1843, when it was a small pam-
phlet, but it has swelled to four good-sized vol-
umes, the cost of which last year was $212,010.
Up to the last year, this was the official record
of the inventive genius of the country, which
could only be compiled at the Patent Office,
and its publication by Government appeared
to be a matter of necessity. The public good
required that the inventions should be made
known,_ and as the Patent Office is a self-sus-
taining institution the inventors seemed to have
a just claim on the Government for this pub-
licity.
But the Patent Office has availed itself of
modern discoveries to increase its usefulness,
and the printed sketches which have been pub-
lished by Congress, excellent as they were,
have been superseded by photographic copies
of the drawings for office U3e, while lithography
or photo-lithography has been employed for
reproducing them in large numbers. Instead
of waiting for a yearly accumulation of claims
before their publication, and then having them
distributed by Senators and Representatives in
Congress, often injudiciously, a weekly list of
claims has been published and furnished to
subscribers since January, 1869, at the rate of
five dollars per annum. To this the Commis-
sioner has since added a pamphlet containing
his decisions, which is issued monthly or bi-
monthly. Mechanics, inventors, and others
immediately interested in these matters con-
cerning patents, can consequently now obtain
them at a reasonable price, and they doubtless
prefer to receive it thus, every week, rather than
gratuitously when it is a year old.
These two great documents, the agricultural
report and the mechanical report, cost more
than half the entire printing ordered by the two
Houses of Congress. Near one fifth of the
whole cost of maintaining the Government
Printing Office is absorbed by these two docu-
ments. Conceding their value, is it wise, in
the present condition of the Treasury, to make
them a public charge? Is it not best to esti-
mate their value by the willingness of those
directly interested to pay the bare cost of paper
and presswork, leaving the Government all the
cost of the preparation and all the cost of
setting the type ?
It is to be obseryed, however, that cutting off
the additional copies of the public documents
will not save the entire cost of printing them,
but only the paper and presswoik of the edi-
tions that are printed for distribution; to which
may be added the cost of transmission through
the mails.
Before leaving the publications of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture and of the Patent Office,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact, as an illustration of the manner in
which printing is ordered by Department offi-
cers, that two periodical publications are now
issued without having been authorized by Con-
gress, and, so far as I am aware, under no
other authority than the general power of the
heads of Departments to order such printing
as is necessary for the branch of the public
service intrusted to their charge. The Depart-
ment of Agriculture publishes a monthly report,
the printing of which for the year ending with
the month of September last cost $21,653; and
the Patent Office publishes the monthly list of
claims, to which I have already referred, and
which cost during the past year $4,556. The
agricultural periodical is distributed gratui-
tously : and although that issued by the Patent
Office is paid for by those who receive it, the
proceeds do not reach the Government Print-
ing Office. So of the receipts by the Patent Of-
fice for specifications, the printing of which costs
at the Government Printing Office $55,096.
These two last-mentioned items, which increase
the cost of the public printing nearly sixty
thousand dollars, are a source of considerable
receipts by the Patent Office. Up to the past
year the printing of these specifications was
paid for out of the fund of the Patent Office,
into which the fees for them are paid by the
inventors. Now the Government Printing Of-
fice is charged with the cost, but the Patent
Office receives the emoluments, It would be a
proper step in the direction of accountability
and responsibility that printing of this kind
should be included in the estimates submitted
to Congress by the Department for whose ben-
efit it is executed, and paid for out of the
appropriation made for that Department.
The publication of the laws of Congress, at
length, in so many newspapers, is a needless
expense. At one time it might have been
necessary, when the means for the diffusion
of popular information were less, and when the
many persons who were interested in a knowl-
edge of the laws could not see them earlier or
in a more convenient form than in the news-
papers. Now they are printed in the authorized
edition_ of the Statutes-at-Large, much more
convenient for reference and for preservation
than they can be supplied in the papers, and Con-
gress prints an edition of thirteen thousand
copies for gratuitous distribution, although if
the reform which I have suggested should be
adopted this would be discontinued. And the
newspapers, whether appointed to publish the
laws or not, publish for the information of their
readers all the laws of public interest. The
publication of many of the laws, indeed of those
which occupy most space, is entirely unneces-
sary. I do not suppose that anybody reads the
Indian appropriation acts, which are passed
j in pursuance of our treaty stipulations, or the
, appropriation acts for defraying the ordinary
: expense of the Government. It too frequently
happens that important legislation is enacted
in_ these bills, and the sections which con-
i tain these are, of course, interesting to the
general public. A selection from the acts of
Congress, includingall new laws, would answer
the purposes of the present system at much less
expense, and would be more convenient to
those for whom the publication is intended.
But the means of giving publicity to the laws
without cost to the Government are quite suffi-
! cient, and the whole system of publication in
the newspapers at the public expense may be
safely abandoned. The annual cost of this
has been about $150,000 for the long session,
and $30,000 for the short session.
But legislation which seems to me quite un-
necessary has considerably increased this cost.
In several of the reconstructed States the num-
ber of papers authorized to publish the laws
waaincreased, and the laws of previous sessions
| were ordered to be printed. And the result
j was a total of $100,000; the additional cost
I being incurred in order that the people of Louis-
iana and other States might know how much
has been appropriated two years ago to the
Kickapoos and the Aasiniboines and the Cal-
I apooias and the other tribes of Indians with
similar information of equal value. The pur-
pose of this, doubtless, was to befriend the
loyal press, which was straggling for existence
in the States that had lately been in insurrec-
1 tion, and were still largely disloyal. The motive
was a good one. Whether we have a right to
appropriate the public money in this way or
not I will leave for the strict constructionists
to determine. I felt it my duty to oppose the
! appropriation; but I was overruled, The Sen-
ate, however, refused to cojneur with the House
in an amendment which gave to the papers in
all the southern States the customary rates of
advertising for publishing the laws, instead of
the rate prescribed by act of Congress, and
which would have taken from the Treasury
many thousand dollars. Leaving out of the
question the right to appropriate the public
money toward supporting the newspaper press,
I have no faith in this mode of doing it. No
one can sympathize more than I do with the
loyal papers that are supporting the cause of
the Union in the southern States. But I have
never believed in this mode of sustaining them.
I am obliged to concede that it is a misappropri-
! ation of the public money, and that the papers
thus sustained mustnecessarily be alike unprof-
itable to the publisher and of comparatively
little to the cause which they support. A news-
paper, to be of value, must have a constituency
to fall back upon; must represent somebody.
A newspaper that, after a fair start, cannot
establish itself in the public favor sufficiently
to secure a support from those who read it, and
from its legitimate business, cannot be of much
use to any cause. A newspaper that cannot
support itself, but that draws for its mainte-
nance gratuities from the cause which it advo-
cates, is like a draught horse that cannot carry
its own provender. It is a burden upon the
cause which it professes to assist. I say this
in no spirit of unkindoess, but because I have
no doubt of its correctness, and because I think
that the temporary departure from the uniform
rule was a mistake.
The biennial publication of the Official
Register, or Blue Boob, as it is properly called,
seems to be another unnecessary expense. This
register contains a list of all the officers and
agents, civil, military, and naval, in the ser-
vice of the United States, with the compensa-
tions paid to them, and, except the postmasters,
the States in which they were born, and from
which they were appointed. The object of
