4910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
with the Vicksburg mid Meridian Railroad Com-
pany, and the Worth Louisiana and Texas Railroad
Company, on application for such leave-
By whom ?
by said Alabama and Chattanooga Company, or any
company to be formed by such consolidation.
It wilt be noticed that it is made a condition -
precedent all the way through that there is to
be a consolidation. Now note what follows:
And said last-named companies shall be entitled
to all land grants heretofore made to them.
T am perfectly willing that every road shall
stand upon its own merits ; but I do not pro-
pose to let that Chattanooga Railroad Com-
pany, alligator-like, come with open mouth
and rapacious maw, double up our road and
gobble it at once. [ propose, if the Senate
will permit me, either to have that clause
struck out in reference to that land grant,
which is but a hollow promise, or to place a qual-
ification upon that amendment, which will
really carry out the object of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The land grant originally was made to the
Vicksburg, Texas, and Shreveport railroad in
1856. In 1868 a number of loyal men pur-
chased thatroadunderthefirstmortgage bonds.
They went to the Legislature of Louisiana in
18G8, and obtained an act of incorporation,
under the name of the North Louisiana and
Texas road. It is to that company that 1 want
to have this grant of land revived. I want it
to inure to their benefit, and to their benefit
alone. They have already seventy-five miles
of road built at a cost of $40,000 a mile ; and
let me say to Senators that Louisiana is the
only State in the South that has not had one
single acre given her for railroad enterprises
by the revival of the grants made here in 1856.
At the-last session and at this session every
other State, except perhaps Mississippi, and I
believe one railroad even in Mississippi was
thus favored, has had its land grants revived.
We have now on the Calendar a bill reported
by the Committee on Public Lands giving us
that grant; but we propose to incorporate it
in this bill, and it is done in the doubtful lan-
guage which I have read. It is doubtful and
ambiguous language, connected as it is with
the question of consolidation, seeming to con-
nect them with this other road, and I submit
it is clearly susceptible of doing us great_ in-
justice, and it certainly will, because it is a
question whether after all there is not a grant
given to some other road and not to ours. The
amendment that I propose is to add this pro-
viso:
Provided, That the North Louisiana and Texas
Kailioad Company shall be entitled to all the lands
heretolore yuuited by act of Congress, approved
June 3, 1850, granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad lrom the Texas lino in the State
of Louisiana—
And here I quote the language of the act of
1856—
west of the town of Greenwood—
which is eight miles east of tie Texan line,
the Texan line at that point being only live or,
six miles east of Marshall—
via Greenwood, Shreveport, and Monroe, to a point
on the Mississippi river opposite Vicksburg.
That is the exact language of the law. All
we ask is what the Senate intended to give us;
but we want it given in such specific terms that
it shall inure to this company chartered by our
Legislature, who are the assignees of the old
company, the old company not getting the lands
because they left the road with perhaps fifteen
or twenty miles built.
Mr. NYE. I do not wish anything ambig-
uous about the amendment adopted the other
evening.
Mr. KELLOGG. The language is, "and
said last-named companies shall be entitled to
all the land grants heretofore made to them."
Mr. NYE. When they consolidate.
Mr. KELLOGG. But the land,grant was
not made to the North Louisiana road. It was
made to another road in 1856, and this com-
pany purchased the road under the first mort-
gage bonds, aud then went to our present Legis-
lature, in 1868, aud were incorporated. If the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] will
look into this question I am sure he will agree
to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is is quite evident that
we are not going to vote oil this bill finally to-
night, and I renew the motion to adjourn.
["No!" "No!"] Wehavesatheresinceeleven
o'clock this morning. I want to take the
sense of the Senate on whether we will adjourn
or not.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being oil a division—ayes 7, noes 3:2.
Mr. POMEROY. The proposition intro-
duced by the Senator from Louisiana has been
considered by the Committee on Public Lauds,
and was agreed to as a separate bill. I do not
know that there is any objection to putting it
on here, ouly that it was thought that the amend-
ment agreed to the other even ing comprehended
and embraced this very amendment. I think the
Senator is mistaken in saying that that language
is susceptible of having the grants revived to
one company, and that only to the consolidated
company, for the language expressly is that
it shall be given to the "last-named com-
panies thatis, allof thegrants that belonged
to those several companies are to be revived to
the companies, not to one company.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is the point I am
making, that it does not give the grant to this
particular company.
Mr. POMEROY. The point the Senator
makes is this: the company named by him is the
assignee of the original company, and he thinks
that the language of the amendment adopted
the other evening would not carry the lands to
the assignees. Certainly it would. If not, he
could put in the word "assignee." The as-
signee will get all there was of the grant and
all that will ever be revived to them. The
Committee on Public Lands have agreed to it.
I do not wish to offer any amendment to this
measure myself. I think the land grant ought
to be revived to all those companies. They
ought to have what we have given to other com-
panies who have difficult roads to build, and
that is, a grant of ten sections to the mile,
within a limited number of miles; but I am
not going to insist upon putting all that upon
this bill. Those propositions have been re-
ported separately, aud 1 think they ought to be
acted upon separately.
Mr. WAliNER. It seems to me that the
language of the amendment adopted the other
evening is clear enough. I do not quite com-
prehend all that is sought to be accomplished
now. The amendment offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin provided for a consolidation
and for a connection, and for the revival of all
land grants heretofore made.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senator does not
understand my point. The land grant was not
made to this company, but to another com-
P'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MeDONALD. I desire to make some
corrections in the names of the corporators in
the first section. In line ten, the name G. C.
Kinsly should be G. C. Kinzey. In line six-
teen, the name of W. T. Waters should be W.
T. Walters. In line fourteen, the name J. M.
Febbetts should be J. M. Tibbetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those cor-
rections will be made.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is a name wrong
of one of the corporators which I should like
to have corrected.
Mr. NYE. I suppose if any name is spelled
wrong it can be corrected at the desk.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator from
Nevada if he will not allow me to strike out a
name that I myself proposed, and to substitute
another for it? I find the person does not
desire to be in the bill. I ask that the name
of N. IT. Decker be stricken out.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to its being stricken
out. « , , .
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; let it go.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
on page 7, section three, line thirty-seven, after
the word "railroad," by inserting " which may
form one continuous railway from the Pacific
to the Atlantic ocean under the name and style
aforesaid ;" so that the clause will read :
The said Texas Pacific Railroad Company may
consolidate, confederate, or associate with any com-
pany or companies who have rf^eiveu grants oi
lands or the right of way from the united States,
or from auy State, which roads connect or shall bo
connected by ferry or otherwise with said iexas
Pacific railroad, which may form one continuous,
railway from the Pacific to the Atlantic ocean,
under tho name and style aforesaid.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not be
agreed t,o.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to inquire whether
that is not in substance the same amendment
that was rejected in committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The Chair judges that it is the same
in substance, but the phraseology has been
changed ; matter has been left out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that make a sub-
stantial difference so as to make it in order?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have a verbal criticism
to make on that amendment. I think it is
tautological; it uses the words associate, uuite,
combine, and confederate. I would leave out
the word " confederate."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us leave it all out.
The PRESIDING^ OFFICER. _ The Chair
thinks, on examination, that it is the same
proposition which was voted down before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make that point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order now. The Senator can renew it in the
Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I have another amend-
ment. On page 11, line thirty of section eight,
after the word " exclusively " I move to insert
"except such as may have been purchased by
any company with which this company may
consolidate;" so as to read:
Provided further, That in the construction of the
said railroad American iron or steel only shall be
used, the samo to bo manufactured from American
ores exclusively, except such as may have been pur-
chased by any company with which this company
may consolidate.
Mv object in offering this amendment is to
provide for a condition of things which will
exist if the roads which have been named by
my friend from Louisiana should connect and
consolidate with this road. The North Louis-
iana and Texas railroad, the Vicksburg and
Meridian railroad, the Alabama and Chatta-
nooga railroad, are partially built; their iron
is purchased and laid to some extent; and it is
not desirable, I suppose, to compel those com-
panies to buy American steel or American iron
to relay their roads where the track is already
laid.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear the
amendment read again.
The Chief Clerk read it.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to add after the
word "purchased" the words "and deliv-
ered." 1 suggest that to the Senator. That
is his object, I understand.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot forbear one com-
ment upon this whole proposition. I know
that upon the grant of the Northern Pacific
railroad and upon this grant has been forced
this piece of protection run mad. Here you
compel a corporation, otherwise deemed excel-
lent in itself, and for advisable ends, to go to
certain persons in this country aud to buy of
them, or else not at all, those materials requi-
site for the construction of their road. I think
the whole of this business of compelling men
to buy materials of any character for their
roads from certain venders is utterly discredit-
