3966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to amend by
striking from the paragraph relating to "deal
ers in tobacco," on page 29, the following:
Dealers in to banco shall keep a book and shall enter
daily therein an accurate account of the quantity,
packages, and number of pounds of tobacco pur-
chased by them each day, the date of purchase, the
name and place of residence of the person from whom
purchased, the name of the manufacturer, the regis-
tered number of the factory where manufactured,
and the district and State in which the same is situ-
ated. Said book shall be preserved by them for two
years, and shall at all hours be open to inspection by
any revenue officer; and in ease of any refusal or
willful neglect to keep and preserve said book and
account, or to permit such inspection, such dealer
shall be fined not le^s than $100 nor more than $2,000,
and imprisoned not less than three months nor more
than one year.
Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means remarked a moment
ago that he desired to -test the sincerity of
members of this House upon this section of
the bill; but his effort to test their sincerity
was by an attempt to prevent further amend-
ments to perfect the section. I offer this
amendment in good faith, not for the purpose
of making a speech, which seems to have been
the object of a number of amendments which
have been offered by various gentlemen within
the last two hours. My object is to really get
this amendment adopted by the House. The
provision which I propose to strike out, if
adopted, will actually drive out of business
thousands of small dealers who will be unable
to keep the particular form of book required by
this provision. I say, and in no spirit of dis-
respect, that there are members of this House
who would require considerable instruction
before they would be able to keep a book of
this kind. I do not make any reflection upon
the Committee of Ways and Means, or any
person who may have induced the committee
to insert this provision, which I believe is a
new provision not to be found in the existing
law.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not a new provision.
Section sixty^six of the act of July 20, 1808,
contains a similar provision, though much
more severe.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If the gentleman says
that the provision is like this I would be glad
if he would send it to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 66. And be it further enacted^ Thatcvoryper-
eon now or hereafter engaged in the manufacture of
tobacco or snuff shall make and deliver to the assist-
ant assessor of the division a true inventory, in such
form as shall be prescribed by tho Commissioner of
Internal Kevonue, of tile quantity of each of the
different kinds of tobacco, snuff-flour, snuff, stoms,
scraps, clippings, waste, tinfoil, licorice, sugar, gum,
and other inatorials held or owned by him on the 1st
day of January of oach year, or at tho time of com-
mencing and at tho timo of concluding business, if
belore or after the 1st ot January, setting forth what
portion of said goods and materials and what kinds
wero manufactured or produced by him and what
was purchased irom others; which inventory shall
be verified by his oath or animation," &c.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As I supposed, that
refers to manufacturers, while the provision
of this bill refers to dealers. There is an abso-
lute and positive distinction.
Many of these small shops are kept by women
whose husbands are at labor, but whose earn-
ings are not enough to support a large family,
and the wife assists in this way. It is a legiti-
mate and respectable way of earning a living ;
but there can be no excuse for the members
of this House attaching to the business condi-
tions impossible for these poor people to fulfill,
and depriving them entirely of this employ-
ment. jf till8 provision shall be retained in
the bill it will shut up these small shops and
throw the whole trade inlo the hands of the
large dealers, who are able to keep the com-
plicated book required. It would almost appear
as if some ingenious person desired to make a
market for a particular book to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for
these dealers. I can imagine no other reasons
for the adoption of this provision than these
two points—that of taking the business out of
the hands of the small dealers for the benefit
of large dealers, and of making a market for
somebody's book.
We all acknowledge that tobacco is a legiti-
mate article for taxation, and that the bulk of
the internal taxes should be gathered from the
manufacture and sale of liquor and tobacco,
but you have no right to frame the tax law
so as to give the large dealers the monopoly
of the trade in tobacco, snuff, and cigars.
You not only make the little retail dealers
keep this very peculiar book, but they must at
all hours keep it open for inspection by any
revenue officer for two years after they have
ceased to use it, so that all the revenue officers,
detectives, and hangers-on of all the revenue
offices, from anywhere in the United States, who
may choose to call-in and require it, early in the
morning or late at night, ever so troublesome
or annoying, may "inspect" the book, and a
neglect to have the bookready for inspection,
or to permit the inspection, although the same
officer may have inspected it twenty times the
same day, and it may not have been in actual
use in more than a year and a half, will subject
the poor woman to both fine and imprisonment.
It is a hardship as outrageous as it is unneces-
sary. I catch the suggestion that one of the
objects of the book is to assist the detectives
in watching the manufacturers; butyou have no
right to turn these small dealers into Govern-
ment detectives; you have enough of those
already, and most rascally ones they are, as a
general thing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
1'he amendment of Mr. Cleveland was not
agreed to; there being—ayes 48, noes 74.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask the House
to insert in line three hundred and nine, page
13, the word " musical; " so it will read :
Provided, That school exhibitions, readings, lec-
tures, art exhibitions, not moved from place to place,
agricultural or horticultural exhibitions or fairs,
exhibitions or fairs for the benefit of any benevolent
enterprise, or sanitary, charitable, or religious asso-
ciations, and fairs and exhibitions of any incorpor-
ated mechanical, musical, scientific, or literary asso-
ciation, shall he exempt from the provisions of thi-i
section.
I move also, on page 16, line three hundred
and eighty-seven, to iusert after the word " me-
chanical" the word " musical;" soitwillread ;
Provided, That school exhibitions, readings, lec-
tures, art exhibitions, not movedfrom place to place,
agricultural or horticultural exhibitions, or fairs for
the benefit of any benevolent enterprise, or sanitary,
charitable, or religious association, and fairs and
exhibitions of any incorporated mechanical, musical,
or scientific association, shall not be required to pay
the special tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think there is
any objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr-. SCHENCK. I gave notice that I would
call tho previous question on this section: but
before doing that 1 ask unanimous consent that
amendments may be offered for the next ten
minutes without debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that, and for this reason: the Committee
of Ways and Means brought in some thirty-one
amendments to this section, and now it is pro-
posed we shall have no more than ten minutes
for the purpose of offering amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. Five times more oppor-
tunity was given to others than was taken by
the Committee of Ways and Means ; but as my
proposition has been objected to, I now demand
the previous question on the first section of
this bill.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
78, noes 43.
Mr. GRISWOLR demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On page 29, line seven
hundred and nine, I move to insert the word
" dollars," which seems to have been omitted
by mistake.
The SPEAKER. That is a typographical
error, and will be corrected, as a matter of
course.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to an amendment which I
think necessary to correct the text. On page
18, line three hundred and eighty-five, among
the exhibitions not required to pay the special
tax are "fairs for the benefit of any benevolent
enterprise." 1 propose to insert the word
"wholly" after the word "fairs," so it will
read "fairs wholly for the benefit of any benev-
olent enterprise," so there shall be no defraud-
ing the revenue.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following amendment. I
move to strike outlines six hundred and ninety-
one, six hundred and ninety-two, six hundred
and ninety-three, six hundred and ninety-four,
down to the word "dollars," in line six hun-
dred and ninety-five, and in lieu thereof insert
"dealers in tobacco whose annual sales do
not exceed $500 shall each pay $200, and
when their annual sales exceed $500, shall
pay in addition two dollars for each $500 or
fraction thereof in excess of $1,000."
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object. The gentle-
man voted for the previous question to cut off
amendments to this section.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to the provisions in reference to
proprietors of places of public amusements.
There are two classifications. The first is to
pay a special tax of $200, and the second is to
pay a special tax of twenty dollars. We all
know, according to the classification, some of
them are theaters where the rental amounts
to from twenty-five to seventy-five thousand
dollars per annum 
Mr. BLAIR. I object to any discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer an amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
The Clerk read the second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any articles
on the manufacture of which any internal tax is
imposed^may be purchased by or for the use of tho
United States free of such tax, under such regula-
tions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to tell us why that section is put in
here. It will be open to great abuse. If the
United States in buying any article pays any
internal revenue tax it will receive it again, so
there is really nothing lost or gained. This
section provides that any articles on the manu-
facture of which any internal tax is imposed,
purchased for the use of the United States,
shall have the tax thrown off. Therefore any
contractor who is building for the Uoited States,
or any one employed for tho United States who
buys anything, though under a contract, may
get the tax thrown off. So far as I understand
it makes no difference whether the United
States jpays any revenue tax or not, for it re-
ceives in the end all it pays. I move to strike
out the whole section.
Mr. SCHENCK. By the existing law arti-
cles which are i mported fro m abroad, and which
are purchased for the benefit of the United
States, have the duties remitted on them or
are permitted to come in duty free. And by
the seventeenth section of the act of 1865 it is
provided—
'That the privilege of purchasing supplies of
ffr°iS '™fl0r5e<' 'r(ml foreign countries for the use.
ot the united States, duty free, which now does or
hereafter shall exist by provision of law, shall Joe
extended, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the lreasury .may prescribe, to all articles of
domestic production which arc subject to tax by the
provisions of this act,"
That is, there is the same provision in
regard to internal taxes, that whatever is
bought for the United States shall be bought
free of internal tax, just as whatever is im-
ported for the United States shall come in free
of customs duty. In.drawing up this provision
in regard to the special taxes, we took that idea
