3022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
April 27,
ulftr: and that the eause, so far as respected that fund,
should stand for review and new trial as prayed for
by Mr. Miller's petition.
On the 14th of May, 1368, after final hearing upon
the allegations and proofs, the circuit court passed a
final decree that the original libel in the district court
be dismissed, and that Sir. Miller " go henco thereof
without delay." And the same final decreo con-
tains the following clause:
"And it is further adjudged and ordered as follows,
to wit, that the said Samuel Miller is well entitled to
have paid over to him, and that the clerk do pay over
to him or his attorney forthwith, the said net pro-
ceeds of the said stocks and moneys now on special
deposit under the ordcrsof this court, freed and dis-
charged from any and all claims of either the said
Browning or the said Ludlow, the informers who
have heretofore interposed aclaim.eachof them, for
iv moiety of the proceeds of tho sale of said stocks by
the marshal, as shown in the previous proceedings in
this cause: and freed and discharged also from the
claim or claims of the United States of all persons
whomsoever; the clerk of this court to retain from
such proceeds the following sums for the services
particularly specified, to wit:
" For costs in this cause to the clerk, J3G10; to John
D. llowland, as commissioner in managing said fund
for t hreey ears, at the rate of $230 per annum, amount-
ing to $750; forcostsin caseXo.889, inwhichthenew
trial was allowed of this cause; to the clerk, $56 75;
to tho marshal, $41 30; to John D. Howland, ascom-
missioner in taking depositions, $500. The said sev-
eral sums amounting in all to $1,374 15, which are
hereby allowed and ordered to be paid."
The following is adescriptionof the original bonds
issued to Mr. Miller, and the subject of such judi-
cial sale, and now, as is supposed, in his possession,
namely:
2Vo. Amount.
512    812,000
60S).   _  4,000
715      4,000
1328.  9,000
1519  2,000
1640.     3,01X1
lew       5,000
1663.    4,000
1708  3,000
12007 ....        4.000
53        16.U00
277      22,000
&> .        13,000
419   ..   3,000
1015.—  5,000
Total   $109,000
In Hen of these bonds the State officers of Indiana
have issued duplicates to the pretended purchasers,
English and Whitney. The committee cannot per-
suade themselves that these duplicates are proper
and legal substitutes forthe originals. They can find
no statute of Indiana which authorizes their issue,
and they cannot admit the principle on which the
district judge seems to have acted, that the confisca-
tion act of 1862 authorizes the court to compel a State
officer without the warrant of a State statute thns to
metamorphose the securities of the State; and we
regret that in this case the question had not been
by a proper proceeding passed upon by the highest
tribunal of the land.
If these duplicate bonds are not valid as against
the State, and if the pretended sale of the originals
was, as we think it was, void for want of jurisdiction
in the district court who ordered it, then the ori-
ginals are still good and valid against the State.
But Mr. Miller, by accepting that part of the pro-
ceeds of the sale set apart for the informers, seems
to have recognized and ratified the sale, and cannot
while he has in hand the money thus derived insist
that the sale was void. And by now asking Congress
to pay over to him the other moiety of the proceeds
which was paid into the United States Treasury he
further confirms the sale and evinces his willingness
to have the originals treated as canceled and dis-
charged, or at least as no longer available securities
in his hands. We think, therefore, that if Congress
shall see fit to pay over to him the moiety in the
Treasury he ougbt to deliver up to gome officer of
the Government the original bonds for safe-keeping,
to await the action of tho Legislature of Indiana as
to the final disposition as well of them as of the
duplicates.
The reasons of the judgment of the circuit court
awarding to him the other moiefty of the proceeds we
cannot but regard as embracing tho money now
claimed. The evidence before the court applied to
each moiety alike, and there is no equitable or legal
jiew which does not apply with equal force to each.
The sale was made by the district court, the whole
amount of proceeds paid into court, and the moiety
supposed to belong to the United States paid over
into the Treasury before the bill of review was filed,
and while, jn point of law, the proceedings were un-
finished and the fund still subject to the final action
of the court. Had the Government portion of itbeen
<etill in the control of the court there cannot be the
least doubt that it would also have been awarded to
Mr. Miller; but being at that time in the United
States Treasury, it was of course beyond the reach
of the court, and can be reclaimed only by an act of
Congress. The case is one of peculiar hardship, and
raices a strong snspicioa of a criminal combination
to defraud an innocent man,
Mr. Miller having died since his petition was pre-
sented, we think bis executor, on surrendering np
the original bonds and making them subject to the
action of the Legislature of Indiana, is fairly and
equitably entitled to reoe*v« from the United Spates
the remaining proceeds of the sale, and report a bill
accordingly.
It appears from the record that the bonds were
sold under the order of the district court, at the May
term, 1805, for $82,286 25, to which should bo added,
for two years' interest collected on tho same by tho
proper officer of the court, as shown by the record,
in cash, $10,900; whole amount proceeds, $1)3,186 25.
From the totter of the solicitor of tho Treasury «f
the 18th of February, 1869, hereto annexed.it appears
that on the 6th of July, 1865, the elerk received for
the United States in the c*sc the sum of 141,309 40,
which was embraced in the certificate of deposit of
the First National Bank of Indiana, inclosed in his
letter to the solioitor of the Treasury of the 10th of
tho same month, copies of both of which are hereto
annexed. ;
A considerable portion of the fund, the exact I
amount your committee have not the means of stat- j
iug, was paid over for costs and fees by order of the
district judge. But as Mr. Miller, as shown by his \
receipt of May 15, 1868, hereto annexed, has seen fit j
to treat the salens valid by accepting a. benefit under j
it in the shape of a part of the proceeds, your com-
mittee do not deem him in equity entitled to a re-
imbursement of those costs and fees, but only to the
sum now remaining in the hands of the Government,
which is $41,309 40, as is further shown by a letter
from tho solicitor of the Treasury of February 23,
1869, hereto attached.
TRSASWRY DiPARMtKIJT,
Solicitor's Office, February 18, 1869.
Sir: I havethehonor to return herewith theletter
of Hon. J. M. Howard, of the United States Senate,
referred by Mr. Assistant Secretary Hartley to this
office on the 16th instant, asking information as to
whether the sum of $41,309 40, being half the amount
of proceeds of the sale of $109,000 of Indiana State
stocks, sold under the decree of the district court of
Indiana in 1864, under the confiscation act, had been
paid into the United States Treasury as the moiety of
the United States. In reply I have to say that, under
date of July 6, 1865, J. D. Howland, esq., clerk of
the United States courts for the district of Indiana,
reported that iu the case of the United States v*.
"$109,000 Indiana State Bonds. <kc., and Samuel
Miller," he had received for the United States in the
circuit court the sum of $41,309 40. No certificate of
deposit was sent to this office by the clerk for said
amount, but I find upon examination of the books in
the office of the Secretary of the Treasury that the
First National Bank of Indianapolis, in its lists of
deposits to the credit of the Treasury of the United
States for the week ending July, 1865, reported a de-
posit by J. D. Howland, clerk United States courts,
of the sum of $41,41173 on account of confiscation.
The clerk had received about the same time the sum
of $102 33 for the United States in another confisca-
tion case, which, added to the amount received in the
case in question,$41,309 40,would make np the exact
amountdeposited by him to the credit of the Treas-
ury on the 8th of July, 1865, namely, $41,41173.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
EDWARD JORDAN,
Solioitor of the Treasury.
Hon. H. McCulloch, Secretary of ike Treatury.
[Copy of certificate inclosed.]
First national Baxkpp Indianapolis, Indiana,
Indianapolis, July 6,1865.
(Ml ,411 73.
Icertifythat John D. Howland, clerk of the United
States circuit court, has this day deposited to the j
credit of the Treasury of the United States $41,411 73
on account of money realized from confiscation cases, |
for which I have signed triplicate certificates. • 11
No. 421. I
JOHN C. NEW, Cathier. j!
Clerk's Office. United States Court, j
Indianajolis, Indiana, My 10,1865.
Sir: Inclosed please find statements of moneys
received by me as clerk of the United States circuit
and district court for the district of Indiana, amount-
ing to $42,896 85, and for which amount I have this
day mailed certificates of deposit to the Treasurer
of the United States.
V ery respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. I). HOWLAND, Clerk.
Hon. Edward Jordan,
Solioitor of the Treasury, Washington, D. G.
In the Circuit Court of the United State*, dittrict of
Indiana.
United States v*. $109,000 Indiana Stocks, &c.—
Confiscation. No. 759. .Transfer from district to cir-
cuit court.
Copy of receipt for moiety retained in regutry of court,
*itMeet to the decition of the court at to mho to at the
informer ,• and finally on review awarded to Samuel
Miller.
, . , . ^ , T ^ May 15, 1868.
I have this day received of J. D. Howland, clerk,
in bonds, of the fund in the registry of tho court in
this case, $46,400, and. in cash, $1,006 02, making in
all $47,406 02, being the amount this day ordered by
the court to be paid to Samuel Miller, less the costs
and allowanoes, . J. MORRISON,
Attorney for Samuel Miller.
A true copy.
Jl. s.]
February 18, 1869,
J. ROWLAND, Clerk.
Office of the Attorney General
February 19, 1869.
Dkak Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge tlio
receipt of your note of the 15th instant, asking in-
formation as to whether there is any law or statute
of Indiana authorizing any officer of tho State to
issue duplicate State bonds.
Under the arrangement of tho State debt, by the
acts of 1846-47, (Acts 1846, p. 5, see. 4; and Aots 1847,
p. 26, amendment K, sec. 4.) it is provided that "tho
stock created pursuant to this net, shall be transfer-
able only in tne city of New York, in books to be
provided for that purpose by the State, by the holder
or holders thereof,or his, her, or their assignees, or
duly constituted attorney, in pursuance of such
rules as may be adopted by the agent of State, or
may be prescribed by law; but no transfer shall at
any time be permitted except in the surrender and
caneehnent of theoutstanding certificate; provided,
however, that possession of a certificate of stock]
with an indorsement thereof on the back to the
possessor, purporting to be by the holder under his
hand, attested by two witnesses, shall be deemed a
sufficient power of attorney, in all oases, to author-
ize and warrant the agent of State to trausfer on the
book, in tho name of 6uch holder, such stock to such
possessor; and tho agent of State shall at all times
be deemed the agent of tho parties for making the
transfers under suohcircuinstances; and no rule of
transfer shall bo adopted by tho agent of State or
prescribed by law incompatible herewith; provided,
however, that the State shall in no case bo held re-
sponsible f9r the gonuineness of such indorsement
or attestation. But the fact that nn indorsement
is mado on such certificate, attested as aforesaid,
aocompanied with actual possession of such certifi-
cate, shall bo sufficient evidence of right, and shall
be a sufficient warrant to said agent of State, for
and in the name of the holder of such stock, to
transfer the same to the possessor of such certificate
on tho surrender and cancellation of the same."
The above section of the act of 1847 is all and the
only law I have been able to find on the subject.
Hoping that it may aid you in arriving at a con-
clusion, I remain your most obedient servant,
D. E. WILLIAMSON,
Attorney General of the State.
Senator Howard, Wathington, District of Columbia.
Statu of Indiana,
Office of Auditor of Statu,
Indianapclis, February 18,1869.
Dear Sir : In response to your note of the 15th
instant I have to state that the duplicate certificates
of Indiana five per cent, stocks, amounting to $109,-
000, which were confiscated as tho property of one
Miller, of Virginia, were issued under a decree of
mandate from the United States district court.
There waa and is no statute of the State of Indiana
under which such proceedings could be had.
Very respectfully,
JOHN D. EVANS, Auditor of State,
By T. G. PALMER, Deputy.
Han. T. A. Hendricks.
Treasury Department,
Solicitor's Office, February 23,18S0.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
on the 22d instant of your letter of 19th instant, in-
closing a copy of a certificate of deposit of the First
National Bank of Indianapolis, for the sum of
$41,411.73, issued to J. D. Howland, clerk United
States court, on account of money realized from
confiscation oases, &c„ and to say in reply that the
amount mentioned in said certificate was covered
into the Treasury by warrant No. 553, first quarter
1867, as appears from the records of the office of
United States Treasurer.
. The sum of $41,309 40, included in said certificate,
is stated by the clerk of the court to have been re-
ceived by him for the United States in the dase of
" The United States v . $109,000 Indiana State bonds
and Samuel Miller."
Very respectfully,
EDWARD JORDAN.
Solicitor of the Treamry.
Hon. J. M. Hotvard, United Stntei Senate.
Before the reading of the reoort was con-
cluded,
Mr. POMEROY, I think there are objec-
tions to the bill of such a nature that it cannot
pass unanimously,, and therefore there is no
need of spending any further time in reading
the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill goes over.
Mr. SCOTT. ■ I do not understand the Sen-
ator from Kansas to object.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a very just bill,
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Indiana
not now, in his seat [Mr. Morton] objected
yesterday when this; bill , was called ;up, but
after reading the report he called on me and
stated that the facts were recalled to hi3 recol-
lection and that it was a case in which Mr.
Miller, whose executor is now seeking relief,
had been made the victim of a most unjust otia
nefarious conspiracy. This money is How in
the Treasury of the United States, aud it is
