2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
cannot allow it to lie idle. If ho expects it to
earn anything he must employ it. I am opposed
to sanctioning by tiny enactment the claims of
men who want more than seven per cent, for
the use of their money. The gentleman from
Illinois asks, "Why not enact a law limiting
the number of bushels of wheat which may be
grown upon an acre of land?" I say to the
gentleman that we might as well enact a law
declaring that every farmer may make his own
half-bushel the standard of measurement as to
declare that the value of money, which regu-
lates the value of wheat and other commodi-
ties shall be fixed entirely by the men who
have money. It has always been necessary to
protect the borrower against the rapacity of the
lender; and I am entirely opposed to removing
restrictions designed for that purpose. If the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr, Cook] will allow
me I will move an amendment to fix the rate
of interest at seven per cent, instead of ten.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to inquire whether it is understood that the
people of this District ask for the passage of
this measure?
Mr. COOK. I understand it so. Icanjudge
only by the number of petitions before the
committee on the subjcct. I have no knowl-
edge of any remonstrances, while there are a
great many petitioners for the measure.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Are there
"any remonstrants?
Mr. COOK. Not one. I now yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mcngem.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I was taught
years ago that money is power. The people
of this country know and feel that money is
power. Our national banks under the system
which they are pursuing are doubling their cap-
ital every three years. I know also that the
Government of the United States is paying
more interest on its bonded indebtedness than
any man or corporation can afford to pay on
any legitimate business. The result ia to make
the rich richer and the poor poorer. 1 know
that the First National Bank of my town has
declared a dividend of thirty-one per cent. ; I
know that a bank in Lancaster, Ohio, lias de-
clared a dividend of thirty-seven per cent.
Mr. RANDALL. And a bank in Philadel-
phia has declared a dividend of one hundred
per ceut.
Mr. MUNGEN. I learn from good authority
that 111 southern Illinois forty-five per cent,
interest is offered for money on the best secur-
ity, and the money cannot be obtained even at
that rate. Now, let us try to do something to
save the people from the money-sharks of this
country. In connection with this, let me say
that I was taught many years ago that it is
good policy for a nation as well as for an indi-
vidual to buy where goods can be bought
cheapest, and to sell where they can be sold
at the highest price. This in my opinion is
the tnie policy for us. The deduction I would
draw from these premises is that when Eng-
land offers us railroad iron at forty dollars per
ton, delivered at the wharf in New York, we
ought to buy it, instead of paying higher prices
for railroad iron produced in tins country.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 object to the gentle-
man switching off on a railroad. [Laughter.]
Mr. MUNGEN. I submit that on a rail-
road subject I have the right to switch off.
[Laughter.]
Sir, I object to such provisions as that in the
charter of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany which compelled it to purchase American
iron at a cost of ninety dollars per ton—a clear
bonus to the iron manufacturers. I am ill favor
of bringing in the exports of foreign nations
where they are cheaper than the productions
of this country. I am in favor of a tariff for
levenue purposes. But, sir, we must meet this
tremendous money power. Six per cent, is
enough interest foi anybody : and if we restrict
the rate of interest in this District to six per
cent, the result will be to drive money into
legitimate channels.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to take all
the money the gentleman has got at seven per
cent, interest.
Mr. MUNGEN. You would not have much
interest to pay, I assure you. [Laughter.]
J suppose the gentleman might put it into
the hands of money-sharks and make seven-
teen per cent, out of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That would be all wrong.
I want money to be free, and would be glad to
see it brought down to four per cent.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the gentleman wants
money free he wants other things free too.
In order to make money plenty I am in favor
of issuing greenbacks enough to supply the
wants of the people. I think six per cent, is
enough, and tnat the rate of interest should be
limited to that. I know it lias been stated that
the rate of interest in some places is as high as
eighteen per cent. But I think that six per
cent, is as much as any man can or ought to
be compelled to pay if he is carrying on any
legitimate business. The borrower ought not
to pay more, and do justice to himself and to
his business. I am in favor of cutting down
the rate of interest to six per cent.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yield to me.
Mr. COOK. I will yield to the gentleman
from Indiana for five minutes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I think this bill
ought to pass as reported by the committee.
I believe it is a reasonable and moderate enact-
ment as they have adopted it. In most of the
western Stales, and in many of the others,
modern legislation is approaching free trade
in the business of lending money. In my own
State the contract rate of interest may be as
high as ten per cent. The legal rate is six per
cent. It is said by eoine gentlemen here that
if we allow these men in this District to charge
ten pt-r cent, they will oppress the borrowers.
We are told by others that banks in some sec-
tions have made as much as one hundred per
cent, profit, and in others forty-five per cent,
per annum on their money. Mr. Speaker, what
has that to do with this question? 1 may con-
cede that money in various parts of this coun-
try is earning enormous profits; but let me say
to gentlemen here, it is an eternal truth that
you may make such laws as you please, but
money everywhere in the world will continue
to earn money, and you cannot prevent it from
earning money; and the rapidity 0£ extent of
its earnings cannot be limited by law. It will
make its own laws. It will override all your
lawsagainstusury, against high interest, against
free trade in money. There is a spirit of lib-
erty among the people which nullifies all the
laws which run counter to the common judg-
ment, the common sense, and the common
civilization of the people of the country.
You may undertake to protect the borrowers
of money, but it is just as vain as by your sys-
tem of high tariffs to attempt to protect the
consumers of the products of the country which
sustain life, business, and trade. Every at-
tempt of that kind adds so much more to the
cost of the thing ultimately to be paid for by
the consumer, and the cost of the money ulti-
mately to be paid for by the borrower. En-
cumber the business of money-lending as you
please, surround it by whatever restrictive laws
you please, and every dollar you add to the
expense or the risk of lending money is ulti-
mately taken out of the pocket of the poor
borrower. You do not help him, you do not
relieve him by increasing the risk. When a
man wants money, and his circumstances justify
him in paying ten per cent, for it, if the law
says he shall not borrow it at ten per cent.,
he will nevertheless borrow it, and the lender,
for the increased risk added by the law, in its
threatened penalties and forfeitures for usury,
will probably add one or two per cent, to the
poor borrower's rate of interest, and he will
then have instead often to (>„/twelve per cent.
The borrower will borrow- money ami he will
pay the price the lender demands fur it, and
that price will be dictated by the supply and
demand for money at the time and place where
the loan is made. No law can regulate these
things.
While, therefore, I would not vote for abso-
lute free trade in money, for the abolition of all
usury laws and the establishment of unrestricted
commerce in money as to rates of interest, yet
for this particular bill I will vote, audi hope this
House will pass it, for I believe that it is right
and will result to the advantage of the people
of the District of Columbia; that it will cheapen
money to the borrower instead of increasing
the aggregate of the rates of interest. I do not
believe it will work any injury to borrowers,
but will rather cheapen interest. Surround the
dealers in legitimate loans with legal dangers
and risks, and you may drive capital from here
to.seek investment under more rational laws,
and where it will command, without such risks,
what it is worth. But in doing that you do
harm to borrowers by reducing the supply and
thus raising the rates. Money, in the matter
of lending, is only a commodity, and it is there-
fore best and most wisely regulated by the in-
telligent, self-enacted, and self-executing laws
of trade and commerce. Hamperinglegal enact-
ments generally embarrass but seldom improve
these laws.
Mr. SCOPTELD. I would like to see the
bill amended in one particular, 1 would like
t  have the limit of eighteen per cent, taken
off, and a provision made that the law should
not interfere to help the creditor to collect
more than the legal rate, but not punish him
for receiving it. That is about the law of Penn-
sylvania, and I believe it works very well. All
legislation in this country has been—and very
properly, 1 think—in favor of the debtor.
Within my own recollection a number of years
ago we abolished, for the first time I think, in
this very District, imprisonment for debt. We
began to provide in some of the States—I think
the reform began in this District—that a man
who was unfortunate enough to be in debt
without means to pay should not be himself
imprisoned. This was followed up by more
legislation a few years after, providing that
some small portion of his property should be
exempted also. We have from time to time
enlarged that exemption, and we have from
time to time provided to release him altogether,
by bankrupt laws and by insolvent laws, upon
the surrender of all his property except a cer-
tain amount which shall be exempted.
We have protected him furthermore by these
usury laws. But as the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] has said, they have been of
such a character that instead of being a pro-
tection they have really made the position of
the debtor worse. Tn Pennsylvania we have
tried a system which we find works very well.
We provide that six per cent, shal^ be the legal
rate of interest; and if no contract is made
that is what the law will enforce. If the con-
tract is made for a higher rate the debtor shall
have a right to change his mind when he comes
to pay, if his circumstances are different. At
the time he makes the contract the creditor has
the advantage of the debtor. At the time he
comes to pay, the debtor has the advantage of
the creditor. We provide that a creditor who
loans money for more than six per cent, must
depend upon the honor of the person whom he
obliges. The law will not interfere. If the
debtor chooses to pay ten or twelve or twenty
percent., accordingto his engagement, heis at
liberty to do so, and the creditor is at liberty
to take it, all of it, and you cannot punish him
by any forfeiture whatever for taking it. But
if when the day of payment comes the debtor
will go back upon his contract, upon his pledged
honor, or if his circumstances are such that he
cannot complete his contract, the law will not
interfere to take from him any excess of interest
above six per cent.
And wo have also allowed a period of mx
months, instead of two years, as is provided in
this hill, in which the party may repent and
