1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3967
from the existing law. The object is simply
this, that the Government may be enabled to
purchase tobacco or whisky or medical stores
for the use of the Army or Navy without going
through the process of selling stamps to be
placed on these articles and afterward adding
to the price they pay for them the value of
these stamps. It is a system which lias been
found convenient for the Government and is
no new thing now introduced for the first time,
for it has been applied heretofore both to im-
port duties and to internal taxes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, whether
new or old, I think it is a very unwise provision
of law. I believe it necessarily opens the door
to frauds.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move to amend
by striking out the word "commissioner." I
do not know whether frauds have been prac-
ticed heretofore or not under a similar pro-
vision in the existing law. But I am quite
certain that frauds can be practiced under this
section. For instance, what is there to pre-
vent a commissary in the Army, who is author-
ized to buy commissariat stores, from buying
whisky or any other article on which a tax is
imposed, without paying any tax, under this
section, and then combining with others to put
that whisky on the market to compete with
ordinary dealers who have paid the tax? I
think it will be much better to strike out this
provision and leave the Government to buy the
articles they require, the same as individuals
do. It can make no real difference to the Gov-
ernment, because it will in that case get back
the amount of the tax from the manufacturer
of the article. And you will shut the door
against fraud by striking this section out, while
you will leave the door open to fraud by leav-
ing it in. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to strike out
the second section; and it was agreed to.
So the section was stricken out.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when any
person shall at the same time be engaged ill more
than one of the pursuits, employments, or occupa-
tions hereinbefore described, except as hereinbefore
provided, the tax shall be paid for each according to
the rates severally prescribed; and any number of
persons doing business in copartnership at any one
place shall be required to pay but one special tax for
such copartnership, except agents, foreign commer-
cial brokers, pawnbrokers, pa tent-right dealers, and
dealers in lottery tickets, who shall each be sepa-
rately taxed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this sec-
tion as follows:
In line eight, after the word " except," insert " for-
eign insuranco agents, claim," and in line nine, after
the word "dealers," insert the word "jugglers;" so
that it will read:
And any number of persons doing business in
copartnership at any one place shall be required to
pay but one special tax for such copartnership, ex-
cept foreign insurance agents, claim agents, foreign
commercial brokers, pawnbrokers, patcnt-rig'ntdeal-
ers, jugglers, and dealers in lottery tickets, who shall
each be separately taxed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the sec-
tion, as now amended, by inserting after the
the word "jugglers" the words "proprietors
of banking games." I will only remark that
this is necessary in order to complete the amend-
ment which, on my motion, was made to the
bill on Saturday.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the section :
But nothing herein contained shall be construed to
legalize jugglers and dealing in lottery tickets where
the same are forbidden by State law.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is already provided
for in the bill. If the gentleman will look at
section ten ho will find it there.
Mr. DAYIS. Very well; I withdraw the
amendment.
The Cleik read as follows :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the receipt
for the payment of any special tax shall specify the
business for which such tax is paid: the name, resi-
dence, and place of business of the person paying
the same, and the time for which payment is made :
Provided, That no statement of a special place of
business shall be required of or included in the receipt
given toany patent-right dealer, foreign commercial
broker, juggler, or proprietor or manager of a show
or amusement, who proposes to pursue his business
from place to place. The payment of a special tax
herein imposed shall not exemptfrom on additional
special tax any person who shall have an office,
wareroom, or other establishmentfordoing business
in any other place than that stated in his receipt: but
nothing herein contained shall require a special tax
for storing goods, wares, or merchandise elsewhere
than at the place of business.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sf.c. 5. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son engaged in any business for which a special tax
is imposed, shall, on demand of any officer of internal
revenue, exhibit the receipt for the payment of such
tax, and, unless he shall do so, may bo deemed not
to have paid the same. And in case any person not
reauired to liave a special place of business, but who
pursues his businoss from place to place, shall fail
or refuse to exhibit the proper receipt whon so
demanded, said officer may seizo any property in the
possession of such person, and whioh is in any way
used in his business, and shall report such seizure to
the assessor of the district in which such scizuro is
made; and the said assessor shall givo ten days1 no-
tice, by publication in any newspaper in the district,
or by personal scrvice, or by copy left at the resi-
dence of the person so offending, requiring him to
show causc why the property so seized shall not be
forfeited; in case no sufficient cause be shown the
assessor shall deelaro such property forfeited, and
shall issue an order to the collector of the district
for the sale thereof, and the proceeds of such sale,
after deducting and paying therefrom the expenses
of the proceedings, shall be paid to the collector of
the district ior the use of the United States.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to amend that
section, in line fourteen, by inserting after the
word "offending" the words " with an adult
member of his familyso that it will read :
And the said assessor shall give ten days' notice,
by publication in any newspaper in the district, or
by personal service, or by copy left at the residence
of the person so offending with an adult member of
his family, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to this section,
and to ask him how he makes this seizure of
property comport with the Constitution ? A
gentleman behind me says that the fifteenth
amendment covers it. I beg his pardon ; I
do not think the fifteenth amendment should
be brought into any such disgrace. I ask the
gentleman how, without oath, without warrant,
without probable cause being found, a man's
property can be seized and sold under the
Constitution of the United States? Do not
tell me that is the law now, because that does
not make it any better.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose any amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the section.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thegentlcman will observe
that this section is intended to apply to jugglers,
circus men, and others traveling through the
country. The provision is that if the party re-
fuses to exhibit his receipt, showing that he has
paid the special tax, the property which he has,
which he is using in his business, that is, his
tent or the tools of his trade, may be seized.
But it does not end there; the assessor is then
to give ten days' notice, either by publication in
the newspapers or by personal service to the
party, who is to have his day in court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In what
court?
Mr. SCHENCK. You may call it a court;
the assessor is virtually made a judicial officer.
The party is summoned to appear before the
assessor and show cause. It is but doing what
all collectors do now, for they are all to a cer-
tain extent judicial officers in regard to these
matters ; but this comes under the immediate
supervision of the assessor, and therefore we
have chosen to make it before the assessor
instead of the collector.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the seizure for?
Mr. SCHENCK. In case a person pursues
a business such as is described in this section,
but will not produce a receipt showing that he
has paid the special tax for following that busi-
ness, he has notice served on him to show
cause why his property shall not be forfeited,
and it is forfeited if he does not show such
cause.
Mr. MAYIIAM. I move to add to the sec-
lion the following:
And in all cases where a person who shall have a
place of business, which shall be specified in said
receipt, shall assign his business, tho assignee shall
be entitled to carry on the same business for the
current year without any additional license.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will look
at section seven he will see that that is already
provided for.
Mr. MAYHAM. Very well; I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend this section
by striking out all after the words "and unless
he shall do so" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "shall be subject to the same pen-
alty as if the same were unpaid ;" so that the
section will read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That every person engaged
in any business for which a special tax is imposed
shall, on demand of any officer of internal revenue,
exhibit the rcccipt for payment of such tax, and
unless ho shall do so, shall be subject to the same
penalty as if the same were unpaid.
That will have this effect: the showman
for instance, who shall refuse to exhibit his
license on demand will be deemed not to have
paid his tax and will be subject to the same
penalty as if he had attempted to carry on his
business without paying his tax. As the sec-
tion now reads, it would make a person who
had paid his tax and got his receipt therefor
liable in some cases to very much greater pen-
alty than if he had never paid the tax at all.
That is too harsh, besides being liable to the
very clear constitutional objection of making
the assessor a judicial officer to the extent
of declaring a forfeiture as a penalty for a
certain act. This section would apply to the
showman of a menagerie that might be worth
twenty-five or fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In my
judgment no court would ever enforce the pro-
visions of this section as it now stands. It is
besides setting a bad example against security
of property. You provide in this section that
the assessor, without administering an oath to
anybody, without any award, without any ser-
vice except by publication in newspapers, or
leaving a copy at the place of residence—and
the very section supposes that a man following
this business has no residence—a man is to
have his property taken away from him. - Why
is it not best to do what my colleague [Mr.
Hoar] proposes, leave a man who will not show
his tax receipt in the same condition as if he
had never paid his tax? That would subject
him to very severe penalties, without running
counter to any provision of the Constitution.
I am aware that in the old tax law there were
some provisions very analogous to this, but
none quite so bald. And I am also aware that
no court has ever enforced those provisions,
and no court over will uphold them, for the
moment they are upheld that moment all rights
of property under the Constitution are gone.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will
look to section eighty-four of the present law
he will find the same provision that there is in
this section.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr.HoAR; and it was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. G. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall engage in any business, lor which a special
tax is imposed by law, without the payment of said
tax, as in that behalf required, shall, for every such
offense, be subject, in addition to the tax, to a pen-
alty of not less than fifty dollars nor moie than
81,000. And if such person so offending shall be a
manufacturer of tobacco or cigars, or a brewer, ho
shall also, on conviction, be fined not less than
nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than
three months nor more than two years.
Mr. DAVIS. T move to amend by inserting
the words ffon conviction" aiter the words
" shall, for every such offense, be subject," in
the first clause of this section.
