1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Mississippi—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
dressed itself to the spontaneous morality of
the people, it has produced good results. It
is so with the system of education.
All government is arbitrary, 1 care not what
it may be; the mildest and gentlest form of
government must issue forth commands. Laws
are but arbitrary commands. They must be
obeyed. Tliey are always addressed to the
violators of the peace and happiness of society.
They are always addressed to crime, and Very
seldom do anything to promote that which is
good, except to protect the upright from the
baser portion of the community, the destruc-
tive agents of society. Opposed as I am to
every form of restraint upon the minds and
actions of men not rendered necessary to sup-
press passion and its pernicious brood, crime,
I cannot consent to introduce the rein of gov-
ernment where voluntary choice aud love of
personal excellence can much better perform
the work. Reposing no confidence in the gov-
ernments of men further than as checks upon
the vicious, I look for the growth of virtue and
progress of intelligence from the innate activ-
ity of the human mind conforming to the laws
that God has assigned for its development.
All governments are arbitrary and liable to
err. They pretend not to divine motive, yet
look to it as the sanctifier of conduct. The
only choice that the citizen has is the one he
exercises in determining what power shall rule.
That fixed, and he is the victim of the inaugu-
rated authority, bo that what it may. The
institution itself is but a form of brutality.
The desire to execute its commands or author-
ities is vulgar and debasing. Inexorable neces-
sity is the only apology for its existence. On
this subject I will introduce the opinion of one
of our best thinkers:
" The df'^h-o to command is essentially a barbarous
desiie. Whether seen in the ukase of a czar or in
the order of an Eton bully to his lag it is alike sig-
nificant of biutahty. Command cannot bo other-
wise than savage, for it implies an appeal to force,
should force be needful. Behind its 'you shall'
there lies the scaicely hidden 'if you won't ['11
m.ilio you,' Command is the growl of cocrcion
crouching in ambush; or we might aptly term it
violence in a. latent state. All its accessories—its
fiown, Its voice, its gestmcs-—prove it akin to the
ferocity of the uncivilized man. Command is the
feu ol pcace, for it breeds war of words and feel-
ings, sometimes of deeds. It is inconsistent with
tb'■ first law of morality. It is radically wrong.
"All the barbarisms of the past have their types
m In e present. All the barbarisms of the past grow
otit of certain dispositions. Thoso dispositions may
bo weakened, but tliey arc not extinct ; and so long
us they exist there must bo manifestations of them.
What wo commonly understand by command and
obedience arc the modern forms of bygone despot-
ism and slavcrv. Philosophically considered they
arc identical with these. Despotism may be defined
as the making of another's will bund to the fulfill-
ment of our own; audit;; counterpart, slavory, as
the having of our own will subordinated to the will
of another. True, we apply the terms only when
tiierulcot one will over another is extreme, whoa
the one, wholly, or almost wholly, extinguishes the
other."—Sptiica-'i, Social S'<<!><:>:, pages 180,181.
Sir, if there is one thing in society that
ought, to be free and spontaneous, that ought
to arise out of the hearts and souls of the
people themselves, it is the forms of educa-
tion that they may have ; and I wish to direct
your attention hero for a moment to the subject
that is immediately before us. St is as to pro-
viding an inflexible form of education for the
State of Mississippi. Ofcourse common schools
as they are understood in your section of the
country are entirely applicable there. They
are congenial to that place. Your people are
educated to sustain and support and work
The people of the State of Mississippi
rae situated in a very different position. Hun-
dieds and thousands of square miles of that
State arc uninhabited. Many thousands of
square miles are inhabited perhaps by but a
single individual. They live remote from each
other in every section of the State. The farms
are very large. In very few of the planting
regions of the State can they get together
enough children to form a school. They are
entirely un accustomed to your township system,
which is the gerta of a common-school system,
aud which Must grow out of the people them-
selves and cannot be forced upon them by the
arbitrary comtaands and injunctions of Gov-,
ernment, I care not how parental, how kind,
how generous it may be in its nature.
These people must educate themselves up to
this. They are not unobservant of the affairs
of the world ; they are n<5t indifferent to their
own interest and the interest of their country.
If this system is a good one, if it is virtuous in
itself, if it is beautiful in its character, if it is
calculated todo good to them, they will embrace
it and qualify themselves for establishing it.
Therefore, leave this subject to them ana to
the State government to regulate as they may
think best adapted to their own interest. Do
not commence now to fix an inflexible rule,
and apply it to any particular section of the
country; do not force these people, or the
people of any section of the country, to come
up to a statute of yours on this subject. It
would be of no use to the educational system
there, although you may make Mississippi con-
form to this proposition, which will be the germ
of making other States conform to it also, and
you may extend it from State to State, until
the General Government has taken entire con-
trol of the system of education throughout the
country, has brought it under its own author-
ity, and regulates this institution to suit its own
purpose aud for its own ends. This has never
proved advantageous, as I have stated before.
There are many instances which might be
given, and I will beg leave to read, from the
same authority, an opinion on this subject:
'' Tlio impol icy of sotting up a national organization
for cultivating the popular mind, and commission-
ing t ho Government to superintend this organization,
is l'ui I her seen in tho goueral truth that ovory such
organization is in spirit conservative and not pro-
gressive. All institutions have an instinct of self-
preservation growing out of tho sclftshnoss of thoso
connected with them. _ I3omg dependent for their
vitality upon the eontinuanco of exist ing arrange-
ments, they naturally uphold these. Their roots are
in the past and the piesent, novel- in tho future.
Change threatens them, modifies them, eventually
destroys them. Heneo, to change they are uniformly
opposed. On tho other hand, education, properly ho
called, is closely associated with change; is its pio-
neer; is tho never-steeping agent of revolution; is
always fitting men for higher things and unfitting
them for things as they aic. Therefore botween in-
stitutions whose very existence depends upon man
continuing what he is, and true education, which is
one of tho instruments lor making him something
other than ho is, there must always bo enmity.
"i'romtho time of tho Egyptian priesthood down-
ward the conduct of corporations, whether political,
ecclesiastical, or educational, has given proof of tins.
Some three hundred years B. C., unlicensed schools
wcro forbidden by the Athenian sonnte. In Rome
the liberty of teaching was attacked twioo before
the Christian era, and again afterward by the Em -
poror Julian. The existing continental Governments
show by their analogous policy how persistent tho
tendency is. In the universality of censorships wo
see the sanio fact further illustrated. The cele-
brated sayingof the Kmpress Catharine to her prime
minister well exhibits the way m which rulors re-
gard the Muead fo knowledge. Anel ivhonevcr Gov-
ernments have undertaken to educate.it has been
with tho view of forestalling thatspontaneous educa-
tion which threatened their own supremacy. Witness
the case of China, whoro diligently impressed ideas.
Mich as, 'Oh. how magnificent are tho affairs of
Government! Oh, whatrespect is ducto the officers
of Government 1' sufficiently indicate tlio intention.
Witness, again, the case of Austria, where, in aceord-
anco with tho will of tho Emperor Francis, the train-
ing of tho popular mind was intrusted to tho Jesuit?,
that they might 'counteract tho prijjiagandism of
liberty by the propagandism ot superstition.' Nor
havethero been wanting signs of alike spirit hero
in England. That attempt m Cobbett's day to put
down cheap literature, by an act which prevented
weekly publications from being sold for less than six-
ponce, unmistakably indicated it. It was again ex-
hibited in the reluctance with which the newspaper
stamp duty was reducedwhen resistance had become
useless. Anu we may still see it in the double-
facedness of a legislature which professes to favor
popular onlightenmont, and yet continues to raise a
million and a quarter sterling yearly from taxes on
knowledge."'—&&e)icer's iS'ociat Statics, puges J7J-(4,
While I am in favor of education to the
largest extent, and would do everything to
encourage it, I would reach the individual
mind to give it that individual education which
will enable it to establish 4udh schools and reg-
ulate them as may appear to them most con-
ducive to the public interest.
Again, there is another question that is not
established at the present time, and which is
now agitating the country to a considerable
extent: What kind of schools shall you estab-
lish? What books shall be taught in those
schools? Shall the Bible be one of them, or
shall it not be? We find that a large numier,
for instance, of the people of Ohio are doubt-
ful on this question, even in the city of Cincin-
nati, and they are making efforts to have a
legislative enactment which shall prohibit its
use in the public schools.
Therefore this is a subject, in my judgment,
which would not be proper for the legislation
of Congress. But, sir, by what authority do
you place these conditions upon the people of
Mississippi ? I asked that question yesterday,
but as my remarks were interrupted so fre-
quently, and their continuity was destroyed, I
proceed to repeat them to some extent, though
I shall be very brief. There are several pro-
visions of tho Constitution through which it is
sought to introduce this condition into the bill.
One 'is the following:
"Tho United States sli all guaranty to ovory State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect eaoh of them against invasion, and on
application of tho Legislature, or of tho Kxecu' ivo
(when tho Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violoneo."
This section is somewhat peculiar in its form.
Tho expression " the United States " is here
used for the first and only time :
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union tt republican form of government
That is one of the powers which is granted.-—
" and shall protect each of thorn against invasion,
and on application of the Legislature, orofthoExec-
utive, (when tho Leglsiatui-o cannot bo convoned,)
against, domestic violeneo."
I apprehend, though, that there is very little
difference in these two powers. They are both
limited by tho term "republican," and there
is another very important limitation which I
shall point out. When Congress is in session,
and when there is an opportunity of appealing
to it directly without imminent detriment to
the State, when a proper case presents itself,
then Congress may legislate on tho subject to
defend and protect the republican form of
government in the State from foreign invasion
or from domestic violence. They shall pro-
tect the people, or any part of them, from
domestic violence, invasion, or a change of
tho form of their government from republican
to despotic or monarchical. It is equally due
to the other States and to the Union that the
republican form should be maintained in all
of the States. The Union is aud must be a
union of equal republican States, it must be
homogeneous. It cannot be half monarchical
and half republican; either all republican, or
it will soon all become despotic.
If Congress is not in session this article
authorizes the Executive to use the powers of
the nation to protect the Stnte. When Con-
gress is in session it makes it obligatory upon
the nation to protect the State. The term
guaranty here is equivalent to protect. It does
not authorize Congress to make or create a
State government. In the Convention that
framed the Constitution it was considered as
eminently proper to guard against tho possi-
bility of a lapse from republican to monarch-
ical forms, and hencc the grant of power. As
this is an important power, and one liable to
great abuse in times of high party excitement,
it should be exercised with great caution and
in the spirit of its authors. Mr. Madison, who
reviewed the Constitution in the Federalist,
