1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
We should show to the nations of the earth
that our manufactures have been constantly
advancing in nutnber'and power of production
during all this straggle. We should show that
the number of our industries has been increas-
ing- that the resources, in a word, of the nation
are'greater to-day than ever before, notwith-
standing the waste and destruction of the war.
Jtis important, as it seems to me, in almost
every point of view in which you can look at
this bill. . 1
It may be said that there is no necessity for
takingthe statistics relating to railroads, because
we may examine the book which has been issued
bv Henry V. Poor, who gives us all important
facts on this subject. There may be some force
in that, but the nation has not placed on that !
book or the statistics contained therein its
approbation or approval. We want the sta-
tistics on all these subjects to go out to the
world with the stamp of the nation's author-
ity upon those statistics.
It seems to me, therefore, that as these sta-
tistics are to be used in the commerce of the
nation, to be used in the manufactures of the
nation, to be used in the scientific progress and
operations of the nation, not simply for the
present time, but for the decade that is to come,
they should be accurate and full. Not only
the interests of our nation here at home, but
the interests of our nation abroad demand that;
for emigration is dependent largely on the char-
acter of the statistics which will appear in our
coming census.
Now, sir, this leads me to speak of the char-
acter of the schedules which should go out to
the nation under the law upon which we are
to act in taking the census. Certainly the
schedules under the law of 1850 are very defect-
ive. The Senator from Massachusetts has in-
troduced a series of schedules to take the place
of those under the act of 1850. I was some-
what surprised yesterday in listening to the
Senator to find that one very important ele-
ment had been omitted by him in one of his
schedules. He gave us a very profound, a very
eloquent, and impressive speech upon the sub-
ject of the fisheries; and I doubt not that the
imagination of every Senator was reveling upon
the banks of Newfoundland, or up among the
islands of Alaska, or perhaps disporting itself
among the green hills of Vermont, orthe White
mountains, or the Alleghanies in pursuit of
the trout which are to be found in the brooks
of those mountains; and yet when you turn
to the schedule which the gentleman has pre-
pared and offered to the Senate you do not find
a column anywhere in which we are to have
the statistics in relation to the fisheries. The
whole tribe, from a minnow to a whale, hasbeen
omitted. It seems to me that the Senator,
after having made so impressive a speech on
the subject of the fisheries, should certainly
have given us one column on that subject.
In the table upon population we have a
column upon parentage, giving the father and
the mother. Now, I cannot see any special
reason why we should have a column upon
that subject. I do not suppose it is the object
of this census to give the lineage of every per-
son in the country.
Then he has entirely omitted in his schedule
on population the areas or number of acres
of real estate owned by parties who are in the
possession of landed property. It seems to
me that we cannot well omit a column upon
that subject. We shall want to know how the
population of this country compares with the
population of Great Britain and France in the
ownership of real estate. In Great Britain
almost the entire territory is owned by a few
landlords, and those who are cultivating the
foil are simply tenants. Now, sir, it is very
important in comparing our political condi-
tion. in contrasting our agriculture, our gen-
eral business prosperity and condition with
that of Europe, that we should know how much
of the land of the country is owned by the
parties who cultivate it.
We find entirely omitted in the schedules
under the law of 1850 the tenantry of the coun-
try. There is 110 column to give us the num-
ber of tenants; none for the number of acres of
land mowed; none for the amount of pasturage
and common ; none for the amount of wood-
land ; nothing with respect to the value of farm
buildings and dwelling-houses; nothing as to
the total amount paid for hired labor. Those,
Bir, are all important elements that should
appear in the statistics to be taken in this
census.
Then I find in schedule three, proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, a column
designed to show the number of pounds of
sheep and l8mbs slaughtered and sold to be
slaughtered. It seems to me it is utterly im-
possible to obtain anything reliable in respect
to that. It might be an easy thing for a farmer
to tell the number of pounds of cattle or swine
or sheep which he himself had slaughtered;
but it would be utterly impossible for him to
tell what number of pounds of cattle or sheep
or swine had been slaughtered by others that
he had sold for that purpose.
Then, in the vegetable products, we find that
the number of acres sown with rye, wheat,
barley, and other grains, is not to be given;
it is simply the number of bushels raised; while
under the head of Indian corn we find acres
and bushels. It is just as important to the
people of the country that we should know how
many acres have been sown with rye, wheat,
barley, oats, peas, beans, and .buckwheat, as
that we should know how many acres have been
planted with Indian corn. This is entirely
omitted in the schedules which the gentleman
proposes in place of those of 1850.
Again, there is no column showing the
amount of silk manufactured, or the raw mate-
rial grown in this country. It seems to me that
that is a very grave omission, because the silk
culture is a branch of industry which is now
upon the increase, especially in California, and
it is very important that this item should not
be omitted in these schedules.
Then as to the orchard products, the column
simply provides for the value and not for the
kinds and quantities grown. That is an omis-
sion. They may be peaches, or apples, or pears,
or grapes ; no man can tell from anything in
this schedule what they are. The kinds and
quantities as well as the value should be given.
So also in the garden and farm products to
be enumerated, there is nothing in respect to
the kinds and quantities. Everything is lumped
in this schedule; peas and beans,and every-
thing else that grows, are jumbled together.
Then, as to the products of the forest, col-
umns are given showing the number of cords
of wood, timber, and all other products. This
is a very important item; but it is entirely
omitted in the schedules under the act of 1850.
I think we cannot well omit that in any sched-
ule which is to be used in taking the census.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, if the
Senator will allow me, he has not yet men-
tioned one subject, unless he has mentioned
one which escaped my ear, which is not in-
cluded in the act of 1850 in the census taken
and to be taken under that act. *
Mr. PATTERSON. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I have all the schedules under the
act of 1850 here, and I declare that what I
have stated is absolutely true in relation to
these matters.
Mr. CONKLING. That all the articles
enumerated are omitted in* the schedules of
1850? Will my honorable friend be kind
enough to name one, because perhaps I have
not heard him aright?
Mr. PATTERSON. The number of tenants,
the number of acres mowed, woodland, pas-
turage, &c.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I say to the hon-
orabl.e Senator that the act of 1850 provides
for the acreage of all tilled and also of all
unimproved lands; and the only suggestion
that nas been made by anybody now in addi-
tion to it is that the acreage of each crop sev-
er ally and respectively shall be stated.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is a matter of
fact. The Senate can ascertain that for them-
selves by taking these schedules and examin-
ing them, and comparing them with the new
schedules, which 1 have done this morning.
In this List of schedules offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, we have the subject of
mining made a separate thing, while in the
old schedules of 1850 it is put under the head
of manufactures. That I regard as a very im-
Eortant feature in any system of schedules to
e used in taking the census. Mining, which
is so large and so profitable an industry of the
country, should be kept entirely distinct from
manufacturing.
The Senator from New York, in his argu-
ment the other day, said that we should keep
up these old schedules for the purpose of com-
paring the census of one decade with that of
another. There is some force in that. But
this is true: that the new schedules provided
for under the House bill and the schedules
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
include everything in the old schedules of
1850; so that there will be no difficulty what-
ever in comparing the schedules of 1850 and
of 1860 with the same subjects as taken under
the schedules of 1870.
But, sir, suppose the schedules under the
law of 1850 ana 1860 were defective ; then are
we to maintain them simply for the purpose of
comparing them with the census taken in 1870 ?
If that rule is a good one, then it holds in re-
spect to everything else, and it would exclude
all progress, not only in this but in every other
matter. In order to compare the architecture
of to-day with that of the past, must we retain
the old style of architecture which existed in
the middle ages? There has been progress
since then ; and if our new condition, if the
industries of this country and the population
of this country demand larger and improved
schedules, then we should have them, and not
retain the old and defective schedules of 1850
simply for the sake of comparison.
Another point is as to the expense of these
systems. I have here a detailed estimate of the
expense of the schedules under the old law of
1850, increased by seventy-two and a half per
cent., which is the increase of the population
since that time, and the expense of new sched-
ules as provided under the House bill. I will
not give the whole of this in detail. I will say,
however, that it has been prepared by a gen-
tleman who is amply qualified to make these
estimates. I refer to Dr. Hough, who has
already been alluded to in this debate. The
Senator from New York smiles. Sir, Dr.
Hough comcs here with the approbation of
such men as Dr. Lieber.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to interrupt the
Senator. I was not smiling at him; I was
engaged with my own thoughts. I really trust
I shall be permitted to engage myself as I please
without being taken to account by the Senator
because I am or am not attending to what he
says.
Mr. PATTERSON. I did not design to
take the Senator to account. I am very glad
his thoughts are so pleasant as to lead him
to smile.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will thank the
Senator not to charge me in the presence of the
Senate with seeking to cast a slur upon a man
whom I mean to cast no slur upon, and of whom
I was not thinking at the time.
Mr. PATTERSON. I had no such purpose
in view. I mentioned the name of Dr. Hough
and the gentleman smiled; and I alluded to
it. Is it improper for me to say that the
gentleman smiled?
I say, sir, that these statistics in detail, giving
the expense of the schedules nnder the two
systems, were prepared by Dr. Hodgh, a gen-
tleman who has the approbation of such men
as Dr. Lieber and Mr. Snow, of whom the
Senator from New York has spoken as author*
