3968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. ALLISON. This does not apply to a
criminal prosecution. This is simply a pen-
alty recoverable in a civil action.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
rather uncomfortable, at any rate, to put a
man in prison upon judgment in a civil action.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the last
clause of this section by inserting the words
"adistille'r" before the words "orabrewer,"
Mr. SCHENCK. In the law relating to dis-
tilled spirits there is a heavier penalty imposed
thaa provided by this section.
Mr. KELSEY. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the last
clause of this section by striking out the word
"and" and inserting the word "or" before
the word " imprisoned." I think the punish-
ment prescribed by this section as it now
stands is too great, for it cannot be less than
a fine of $500 and imprisonment for three
months. There is no discretion in the court
to save the person offending, though in ever so
slight a degree, from the infamy of imprison-
ment for simply doing a certain sort of busi-
ness without a license from the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon the
death of any person during the year for which he
has paid the special tax on his business, it shall be
lawful for his executors or administrators or legal
representatives to engage, in like manner, for the
residue of the term for which the tax shall have been
paid, in such business without payment of any addi-
tional tax. And any person may remove to any other
place to carry on the business specified in tho tax
receipt without payment of any additional tax; and
aiiy change in the persons constituting a firm or com-
pany which has paid said special tax shall not bo
considered as rendering said firm or company liable
for the additional tax: Provided, That all cases of
death, removal, or ohauge, as aforesaid, shall be
reported to the assistant assessor and registered with
the assessor and collector of tho district, under reg-
ulations to be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. EL A. I rise to offer an amendment,
which seems to me so manifestly just that I
hope it will be adopted without discussion and
by unanimous consent. It is to insert after
the words '4 additional tax,1' in line nine, the
following:
And any person who shall sell out his business
maytransfor hisspecial tax receipt for such business
to his successor, who mny continuo-the business dur-
ing the time specified in the tax receipt without
payment of any additional tax,
Mr. SCHENCK. This araendrnent, as I
understand, proposes to make these tax receipts
assignable. I hope it will not prevail.
The amendment was Agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, Thatin every oaso
Where it becomes necessary to ascertain the amount
01 annual or monthly sales made by any person on
whom a special tax is imposed by this act, or to ascer-
tain the excess ol such sales above a given amount
such amounts and excesses shall be ascertained anil
\ under sueh regulations and in such form as
shall bo prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
ttevenue ; and in any case where the amount of sales
or receipts has been understated or underestimated
by any person, such person shall be again assessed
tor such deficiency, and shall be required to pay
the same, with any penalties that may by law have
accrued or be chargeable thereon.
_ Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the sec-
tion just read by adding "but such assessment
shall be made within twelve months."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLEJ&, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the section by striking out in the
ninth line the words ('or underestimated."
This section proposes to impose a very severe
penalty "where the amount of sales or receipts
lias been understated or underestimated by any
person." If arnan "understates" theamount
of ilis saies I agree that he ought to be pun-
ished ; but if, on account of an error of judg
pient, he underestimates the amount, I think
it very hard to subject him to a penalty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
where it is provided that thespecial tax imposed on
any persin engaged in any business shall be increased,
by imposing a,n additional tax estimated on the ex-
cess of sales beyond the amount of sales specified as
the maximum for which the annual special tax is
imposed, or on the amount of receipts from such
business, the amount of all such sales and receipts
shall be returned monthly; but it shall be held that
the annual payment of the special tax due on the
1st of May in each year shall be for tax on the sales
in thatyoar until they amount to such maximum:
and no addition to any special tax shall be assessed
and collected oil any sales reported in any monthly
or other periodical return or statement required by
this act until the salesin that year exceed the amount
specified as the maximum for which the annual
special tax was paid, and such addition shall be
assessed and imposed only on the excess beyond the
maximum amount so specified.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I observe
in the tenth and fourteenth lines of this section
the phrase "in that year." Should not the
language be made a little more explicit ? I
appeal to some member of the Committee of
Ways and Means. The language might be
construed to mean from January to January.
Mr. ALLISON. It means for the reveuue
year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
then, to amend by inserting "revenue" before
" year" in each case.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. And boitfurther enacted, That tho payment
of any special tax imposed by this act shall not be
held or construed to exempt any person carrying on
any business from any penalty or punishment there-
for provided by the laws of any State, nor to author-
ize tho commencement or continuance of any such
business contrary to the laws of any State, or in places
prohibited by municipal law; nor shall the payment
of any such tax be held or construed to prohibit or
prevent any State from placing a duty or tax on the
samo business for State or other purposes.
No amendment being offered, the next sec-
tion was read, as follows :
Passports:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That for every
passport issued from the office of the Secretary of
State there shall be paid the sum of five dollars.
Said amount may be paid to any collector pf internal
revenue, and his receipt therefor shall beforwarded,
with the applicatien for-such passport, to the office
of the Secretary of State, or to any agent appointed
by him, to be transmitted to the Commissioner of
Internal llcvonu© and charged to the account of
such collector. A like amount shall bo paid for
every passport issued by any minister or consul ofthe
United States, who shall report the same to the Sec-
retary of State and accountthoroforto the Treasury,
And all payments for passports shall be accounted
for as internal tax.
'Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out
the section just read. The tax collected in
this way causes a great deal of annoyance, and
is scarcely worth the trouble of collection. As
we are reducing taxes, I think this a good place
to make a reduction.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Stamps:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all internal
revenue stamps, of every kind and denomination
on hand with the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, or under his control, and all such stamps as may
be m the possession of or charged to any collectoror
other officer, agent, or person at tho time this act
takes efiect, shall be accounted for by said Commis-
sioner to the Treasury Department; and to this end
he shall render a full and detailed report thereof in
duplica to, one report to be delivered to the Treasu rer
of the United States, and the other to theFirst Comp-
troller of tho Treasury; and those officers, severally,
shall take account of the stamps thus reported, their
numbers, kinds, and denominate values, and charge
the same to the respective accounts of the Commis-
sioner, collectors, agents, or other officers or persons
entitled by law to the possession of the same, and with
whom they may appear to be severally deposited.
^ No amendment being offered, the next sec-
tion was read, as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any internal revenue stamps are prepared on the
requirement of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue,and are ready for delivery, the Commissioner
shall issue a warrant therefor in favor of the Treas-
urer or some Assistant Treasurer ofthe United States
addressed to tho porson by whom the same have
been so prepared, specifying therein the several
denominations and tho number of each denomina-
tion, and shall deliver a copy of said warrant to the
J irst Comptroller of the Treasury. The Treasurer or
the Assistant Treasurer shall forthwith present such
warrant to the party to whom the same is addressed
receive the stamps therein described, and transmit
to the Commissioner and to the First Comptroller
each a certificate of the fact. The Secretary of the
Treasury may make such regulations as to him may
seem proper for tho interests of the United States
and the convenience of the public for the transfer
of stamps by tho Treasurer to an Assistant Treasurer
and from ono Assistant Treasurer to another or to
the Treasurer, and he may also make regulations for
the custody and disposal of stamps by designated de-
positaries. The Treasurer and each AssistantTreas-
urer and designated depositary, respectively, shall,
with their respective sureties on their official bonds,
beheld bound to the United States for the denom-
inate value of such stamps and for the safe-keeping
and disposal thereof according to law in the samo
manner and to the same extent as for the sale-
keeping and disposal of the moneys of the United
States. Whenever application is made to purchase
stamps the Commissioner shall issuo a warrant there-
for on the Treasurer or proper Assistant Treasurer,
stating therein the number of each denomination
of stamps to be delivered and the sum to be paid
therefor; but in no case shall a warrant be issued
for a less amount than fifty dollars of the denom-
inate value of stamps. Upon the presentation of
such warrant to the Treasurer or proper Assistant
Treasurer, and the deposit with the said Treasurer
or assistant treasurer of the sum designated, the
described stamps shall bo delivered to the holder of
the warrant and a receipt taken therefor; but the
Commissioner may require a deposit of the purchase-
money before issuing a warrant for the delivery of
stamps; and where by law the delivery of stamps to
collectors of internal revenue without prepayment
of tho value thereof may be authorized, such de-
liveries shall be made in the manner and with the
forms prescribed in this section: Provided, That the
Commissioner and the Secretary of the Treasury
may together authorize .some officer of the United
States, appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and having his
office in San Francisco, to draw warrants for stamps
on the Assistant Treasurer at San Francisco; and
such officer, in addition to transmitting a copy of
cach warrant to the First Comptroller as required of
the Commissioner, shall make such reports of his
transactions as may be required by the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Commissioner.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the_ proviso of the section just read.
When the bill was originally drafted there was
no communication by rail or telegraph directly
with the Pacific, and hence the proviso was by
the Department thought necessary. But we
are now practically nearer to the Pacific coast
than we are to many other parts of the country.
Hence the Committee of Ways and Means are
in favor of striking out the proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows: *
Sec. 14. Andbeit further enacted, That the Treas-
urer and each Assistant Treasurer, and designated
depositary, to whom stamps are delivered, shall, at
the expiration of each quarter, or ofbener if required,
render and transmit to the Fifth Auditor of tho
.treasury an account of the stamps received, in which
be Bhall.be charged-with all the stamps on hand at
the beginning of the quarter, and with all stamps
received by him during the period embraced in the
account at the denominate value of such stamps:
and he shall be credited at like value with all stamps
delivered by him upon warrants, as herein provided.
upon the production of the warrants, duly receipted
by the parties respectively to whom the deliveries
may iiave been made; and he shall accompany
each account with schedules of the denominations
and numbers and character of the stamps charged:
of those delivered upon warrants, and of those yet
remaining on hand. Each collector t,o whom stamps
are delivered for sale shall in like manner render
anu ^r^nsQyt to the Fifth Auditor an account and
schedule of stamps received by him, stamps sold,
and stamps remaining on hand, separate from his
other accounts, charging in the account all stamps
on nana at the commencement of, and all stamps
received during, the period embraced in the account
at the denominate value thereof, and crediting all
moneys deposited by him on account of sales of
stamps, including the commissions authorized by
law and the regulations of the Commissioner on such
sales, and the amount of such stamps as he may.
under the regulations of the Commissioner, have
returned to the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer,
or designated depositary. And if the Treasurer, or
any Assistant Treasurer, designated depositary, or
collector of internal revenue shall fail to pay over
moneys received for stamps, or otherwise properly
to account for the stamps received by him, he shall
be liable to the United States for the full denom-
inate value of such stamps, without deductions for
commissions or other charges. A11 moneys received
irom thesaie of stamps shall be paid into the Treasury
separate and distinct from other public moneys.
Mr. DAVIS. On page 40, line eighteen, I
move after the word "account" to insert " at
the end of each month so it will read :
Each collector to whom stamps are delivered for
^aio snail in like manner render and transmit to
the i?ifth Auditor an account at the end of each
month, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury is authorised to make regru-
