3034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. SCHURZ. I h *e no ohjefctidb to the
reading of tne bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it is not to bo consid-
ered to-day there is no use in reading it. It
will have to be read when taken up again.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
TheYICE PRESIDENT. The next bill oh
the Calendar will be stated.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I had asked unanimous
consent to take up House bill No. 1866, for
the removal of political disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occn-
pant was out of the chair at the time.
The bill (H. R. No. 1866) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
aiufiulineut to the- Constitution of the United
Sia'et was rend the first time by its title.
Mr. POMEUOY. How many persons are
named ?
A1 r. FLANAGAN. Eleven. They are prom-
inent members of the Legislature, and other
elected oiHcers. The Legislature convened
yesterday, and it is important to get this bill
through.
Mr. POMEROIl. ^here a single person
was appointed or elected to office we have
sometimes removed his disabilities without a
reference of the bill to a committee; but we
have always referred the cases to a committee
where there are more than one or two em-
braced in a bill.
Air. FIjAXAGAN. I know these gentle-
men, and can indorse them beyond question.
Air. PQMEROW Does the Senator ,know
tfcem personally?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir; I know tie®
personally, and have known them £pr. many
years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bjft will be
read thu second time in foil,' and,will then be
open to "objection.
The bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in'Committee of the Whale. It pro-
poses tb remove all legal ana political disabil-
ities imposed by tho fourteenth amendment of
t ne Constitution of the United States by reason
of participation in the late rebellion from the
following persons, namely: Charles I. Stock-
hrid^e. Washington county, Texas; Charles
E. Bollfes, Harrison eoanty, Texas; Hugh C.
Mclntyre, Washington county,. Texas; George
T. Qaswell, Robertson county. Texas ; Camil-
las Jones, Colorado county, Texas; A. J.
Vanghn, Colorado county, Texas \ James G.
Seawell, Galveston, Texas; John 8. Jones,
Galveston, Texas: E. W. Cooper, flonston
county, Texas; John G. Scott. Anderson
connty, Texas ; H. B. Sitnonds, Hunt county,
Texas, and RichaW Jordan, of Texas, formerly
of Maine.
The bill was reported,to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to1 a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CITIZENS Of JSOtJDON COtNfY, YIEGINIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the, bill
(S  No. 685) for the relief of loyal citizens of
Loudon county, Virginia, therein named. . ■,
Mr. HOWARD. That bill will lead to ty
greatdeal of discussion; We may as veil stop
at once. , , .
The VICES PRESIDENT, The Senator
desires to have the bill passed Ofar. • '
Mr. WIltLEY. I wish to make a suggestion
tp the Senator before he objects.
' Mr. HOWARD. I will heartbe sng^estkm.
Mr! WILLISY. I< Will merely state th&v this
bill does not involve any question of tbe-'de^'
struction of property, but only paijidetit fbr
propeytjr which has been sold, and the pro-
ceeds of which atfir"n ow ih tbe Treasury or tW
United States, for1 the larger proportion; at:
leas'; of th'e amount named in this bill, atoil*
the residue of the property for which this'bill15
pfori^es payment,• wits slaughtered and nsed 1
in the Army under the order of General Sher-
itfan. t
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly it will leafl1!
to h greHt deal 6f dlseuialeh', Jt mAy be a very
meritorious bill, bnt I think wis had better go
on with the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
' passed over.
The next bill ott the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 686) for the relief of loyal citizens of
Loudon county, Virginia, therein named.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a bill of the same
title as the other. It will go over, of course,
with it.
Mr. HOWARD. The safoe objection applies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. , This bill will be
passed over.
mas3aciiusktt3 heavy artillery.
The next business on the Calendar Was the
joint resoltttion (S. R. No. 145) fo* the relief
of the first battalion heavy artillery of Massa-
husetts volunteers. It proposes to plate the
first battalion heavy artillery of Massachusetts
volunteers on an equal footing with volunteers
as to bounties, and provides that all laws relat-
ing to bounties bo applicable to them, as to the
other troops of a similar Character referred to
in joint resolution No. 54, approved July 18,
18G8,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear that
explained by the fcoftttftittee reporting it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution was reported by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts not flow in his sfcalt, [Mr. Wilson,}
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. It comes from the Com-
mittee #n Military Affairs; and I hope it will
be acted op cm.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a report1 accom-
pany ingit? |
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. There Appears j
to be no written report. i
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let it go aver. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. It ought to be
acted npdn. Here is mj1 colleague now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] is now in the
Chamber-. Does the Senatoif from Ohio insist
upon his objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I ^ant to know something
abOut it. I am perfectly willing to hear an
explanation from the Senator. I think a bill
of this importance onght to be accompanied by
a written report; bnt, I will hear a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio withdraws the olyection.
, Mr. WILSON. I'Wfll simply say that this
battalion of hehvy'artillery was assigned by
the Government of the United States to Fort'
Warren, held thai fort, guarded the prisoners
who Were sent there, and did all' the other duties
required of .them, and Wete ready to be sent to
any po'rtien of the country, in obedience to the
orders of the Government, and were com-
pletely tmder tbfe control of the Government.
They were in no sense of the word a State
militia, and they served- through three years.
They stand1 precisely on the same footing as
the'troeps raided ra Missouri.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did they serve- three
years? ...
Mr. WILSON'. Yes, sir4; they served three
yfearfc TejfaliiTly. " .
r. EDMUNDS. Under what authority of
Congress was this battalion raffed?
Mr. WJLSON. It was raised ahd accepted
s(Wd rffnstered into1 the service of the United :
StKteff uridW ^eNteVa'l lctW.
Mi-. EDMUNDS. By' I'e^'nlat enlistment ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS; Then w"hy irt th'ri World'
ate they r.ot entitled tdbouhty under the gen- j
eiW faw?
Mr. WILSO.N. They were raised prect'Sfely
lifre other'troops. One battalion of thisregi- ,
rflent Whs retained by the Government in Bos- j
ton harbor, and remained there throughout
the war. It was in no sense of the word a j
State militia ; but itw&s under the orders of ! I
the dhfetilmetit dhring the whole time, add
standS-preciSely in the same condition as troops
raised in Missouri, in Maryland, and in some
othet- portions of the country, to whom we
have allowed bounty by special act. ^y0
allowed these persons to come in ; but by a
mistake and overlooking of the matter this
battalion of about font hundred men have never
received any bounty whatever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why are they not efiti-
tled to it under the general law, if they enlisted
in the regular Wrty ? '
Mr. WILSON. In the first place, theso
troops wet-e riot raised in the general way.
They were accepted under the laws of Congress
and put under the control of the Government.
They were, in the first place, raised byari order
of Governor Andrew, afid the Government of
the United States ordered them to Fort Warren
and kept thetrl there, and they could have been
removed to arty other place at any time, and
Were just as much under the control of the
United States as any troops in the service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we oright to have
a Written report in sn6h a Case as this. The
claim seems to be so clear as the Senator states
it that I do not see why it has not boeh paid
u¥ider the general laW; but I think the Senator
ought to present a written report.
' Mr. WILSON. These troops are on pre-
cisely the same footing as the troops th'at were
raised in Missouri Whom we paid bounty by an
act of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. They Were paid for their
services, not bounty.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; those troops were
piid bountv,
Mr. SHERMAN. I think {hat we ought to
have a written report in & CaSeliW this, which
involves a great many thohsand dollars.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution will be passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts whether it would not be
better to recommit the joint resolution, so that
wc may have a written report.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
rbv18iojst of army regulations.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 668) to enable the Secretary of War to
revise the general regulations for the govern-
ment of the Aimy.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over, because it involves a new principle
and will lead to debate, authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to make laws for the Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.be passed
over.
JiKS. MARY DUNN.
The next bill or the Calendar was the bill
(S, No. 687) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Diinn,
of South Carolina.
Mr. HOWE. 1 guess that will b.e objected"
to, and I' do not think. it is worth while to
ifc
The 'VICE PRESIDENT. The bill wiH be
passed over.
CIlAKCEtf p. redmowd;
The next bill on the Calendar' was the; bill'
(S. No. 68?) for the reliefof Chairies P. Red-
mond'.
The VICE PRESIDENT1. This as Wfell as
the last bill was reported fr'oni'the same cdni-
mittee, the Committee orl Clairrfs, by: the Sen-
tor from Rhode Island, [Mr. SriiXcmE.] Is it
desired that.this bill shall be passed over?
Mr. RICE. . No, sit; there is no objection
to that.
There being1 no Objection, the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that on
payment to the United States of any money
received and all rights acquired by John
Zebrell, or his legal representatives, to an
