1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4913
whether they can be or not. That depends upon
a variety of circumstances, I mean as a practi-
cal question, and ifthis powerful company, con-
trolling and influencing the neighborhoods, and
presenting whatever obstacles suggest them-
selves to prevent a competing line acquiring
the right of way or the necessary lands for its
stations, whodoes not see that the difficulty of
competition is enormously increased?
Mr. President, surely the Senate has not
contemplated any such condition of things as
that. I respectfully suggest thg,t it has gone
far enough in that direction. The Northern
Pacific railroad bill, which passed this House
so readily, although after a protracted debate,
and which passed the other House after a
struggle unexampled on a railroad bill up to
that time, it seems to me should have been the
last, as it was the most enormous, illustration
ol the evils of this system. My desire is to see
this road built. If I thought the amendment
would seriously embarrass it I should not offer
it. I do not see how it can embarrass it at all.
A competing road is required to pay double the
minimum price for these lands, required to pay
$2 50 an acre for these lands which you give to
this company for nothing; and a competing
road is further limited in the acquisition oflands
to the right of way, not exceeding two hundred
feet wide, and to only forty acres for general
needful purposes at any one of the stations.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator will
pardon me for interrupting him; but I wish to
suggest that I think there is no serious objec-
tion to his amendment on this side of the
Chamber. I would therefore suggest that the
question be put again by the Chair. I think
we can adopt the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment of the
honorable Senator from California was not
well understood. Perhaps, if it is read again,
we may accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will again be taken, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
amendment read, because, as I listened to it,
it is a general land grant to any railroad com-
pany that wishes to go into this region.
Mr. HOWARD. That was my idea.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be again read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see much objec-
tion to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the last part of
that amendment confers on any railroad com-
pany which chooses to exercise it a franchise
to acquire public land at the rate named, and
build a railroad anywhere it likes; a parallel
road to this, if you please. I do notthink that
is right, and therefore I insist upon the yeas
and nays, as they have been ordered, unless
my friend from California will modify his prop-
osition so as to limit it merely to the right of
way across the track, to which I do not object
at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. The right, as I under-
stand it, is confined to roads the routes of
which lie across the track of this road. The
amendment says so in terms.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iknowit says so in terms;
and yet under that provision they might run
five hundred miles alongside this road and
then cross it, and they would be within the
literal provision of the amendment. I do not
object to any provision that a company having
the right otherwise to go through the public
lands of the United States may go across the
line of the land granted to these companies.
That ought to be so; but the phraseology is
so broad that if you take it literally it would
give a right to any company that chooses to
take these lands in the hands of these people
to whom .we grant them, and build a parallel
road so that it should cross somewhere in the
course of its procedure, as it might a dozen
times.
Mr. HARLAN. It would only grant them
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 308.
forty acres at each station and a right of way
two hundred feet wide ; and if they pay for it,
why should they not have the right?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
why a new company should have the right when
we have given the grant to this company?
Why should another company come in and take
half of these lands to build a competing line ?
That is not consistent with good faith.
Mr. HARLAN. The proposition surely is
not understood by the honorable Senator.
This does not propose that they shall take the
land. It proposes that they may buy the right
of way, not exceeding two hundred feet in
width, and depot grounds not exceeding forty
acres at each station. That is all. The grant
to the company named in the bill is forty sec-
tions to the mile.
Mr. NYE. Would you give them the right
to run the whole length of the road?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly, if they would
buy it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is purely destructive
to this grant. Let us have the yeas and nays,
which have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read again that part of the amendment about
the right to buy land.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Any railroad compauy whose route crosses tho
routo of any railroad company receiving a grant of
land under this act may cross the same, and for that
purpose shall have aright to acquire at the double
minimum price all lands, whether of the United
States or granted by this act, which shall be needed
for a right of way two hundred feet wide through
said lands, and for depots, stations, side-tracks, and
other needful purposes, not exceeding for such pur-
poses forty acres at any one station.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not help it at
all. I move to amend that by inserting, where
a grant is given of the right to acquire two
hundred feet wide, words making simply ''a,
grant of so much as shall be necessary for the
purposes of such crossing, not exceeding two
hundred feet in width." The Secretary will
put it in the right place, and that will accom-
plish the purpose, I think, which the Senator
from California has in view. If lie means
merely to grant to other companies the piiv-
ilcge of getting across this road where their pur-
poses require them to cross it, they otherwise
having the right to build, then I have no objec-
tion ; but if Tie means to authorize any other
company to build a parallel road for five hun-
dred miles and then cross this line, and then
build another parallel road for five hundred
milesfurther in the same general course across
the continent, Ido not think it right; and there-
fore I make a motion to limit this grant of the
right of way to so much land as shall be neces-
sary for the purpose of such crossing.
Mr. CASSERLY. So much land as maybe
necessary might bo only fifteen feet from one
side of the track to the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If no more is necessary
they ought not to have any more.
Mr. CASSEIILY. That would defeat the
whole object of the amendment. It is difficult
to see how a grant of a right to another road
to buy land, for the purposes of crossing, to the
extent of two hundred feet, for a right of way
gives them any more right than is expressed;
that is, the right to purchase the right of way
through this belt of lands, and lands for sta-
tions and depots, not exceeding forty acres at
any one station. There may be in crossing a
belt eighty miles wide, perhaps, in a very rare
case two stations, and there might bo across
that belt of eighty miles a right of way two
hundred feet wide. The whole thing is a bag-
atelle. Except for the principle involved in
it it is scarcely worth the time that is occu-
pied. Of course there is no power given U> a
parallel road to run along the road now char-
tered for any considerable distance under the
guise of making a crossing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermonttotheamendment of the Senator from
California, which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. After the word "acquire"
it is moved to insert " so much land as shall
be needed for such crossing;" so as to read :
And any railroad company whose route lies across
the route of any railroad company recciving a grant
ot land under this act may cross the same, and for
that purpose shall have the right to acquire so much
land as shall be needed for such crossing at doublo
the minimum price, not exceeding two hundred feet
in width.
Mr. CASSERLY; It seems to me the alter-
ation is quite material. It defeats the object
of the section, because it enables them merely
to take as much land as may be necessary to
go fifteen feet, which, of course, 13 not the
object of it, and it would not be worth while
speaking about.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say a word on
this. It is supposed to be necessary to enable
capitalists to build this railroad to grant them
forty sections of public land to the mile. It is
supposed this road will not be built unless such
inducement be held out to railroad capitalists.
The honorable Senator from California sup-
poses that some other company may be willing
to build a road with its own money, and for
that purpose might desire a track-way across
this land grant, and he proposes that they may
have it by paying double the minimum price;
that they shall furnish their own money to build
their own road, and then buy a roadway of this
company in order to get across it; and yet
there are members of this body who object to
that. I am perfectly amazed that an objection
should be raised to it when it is properly under-
stood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Iowa what he means by crossing? Does
he mean to cross it lengthwise or crosswise?
Mr. IIARLAN. 1 would let them Jjuild
either directly across or parallel, if they wished
to do that. If they will buy the land at double
the minimum price, if they will furnish then-
own money to build the road, and buy the land
at §2 50 au acre, while we are making a gigantic
grant to this company in order to secure a road,
surely the honorable Senator does not wish to
hedge up the way so thatno other railroad com-
pany shall ever build a railroad across the con-
tinent on the southern side.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I could not help thinking,
as my excitable young friend from Iowa was
growing eloquent over the wrongs of some com-
pany that wanted to buy land at double the
minimum price, what sort of disturbance would
be created in the State of Iowa if somebody
should propose an addition to the Union Pacific
land grant which should provide that anybody
may build a road over its lands from Omaha
to wherever the end of that line is, within two
hundred feet of the track of the Union Pacific,
and take its lands at double the minimum price,
that is, $2 50, and agree to build another road,
they thinking they could run a rival line there
which would squeeze out the Union Pacific.
Of course my friend would cry out against it
as a gross outrage.
Mr. IIARLAN. Not at all; I would vote
for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he did not cry out
against it his people would certainly cry out
against him, because it would undoubtedly
ruin the Union Pacific road, if not the one
proposed to bo built. There is 110 propriety,
as the history of the whole country has determ-
ined long ago, when you have granted a fran-
chise to one set of men to do a particular thing
in a particular place in providing that another
company or another set of men shall have the
right to do the same thing in the same place.
It is defeating the faith on which people invest
their money, and as long as they do not abuse
the grant which is given to them they ought
not to be imposed upon in that way. if I un-
derstood the Senator from California, lie simply
wished to provide lor what is realiy and truly
a crossing; that is, one road going across
another somewhere in the region of right
angles; but not running over the whole length
of it parallel with the track of the first road.
