1870.]
APPENDIX' TO THE CONGKESSIOKAL GLOBE.
123
41st Cong.... 2d Sbss.
Grant and his Administration—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
perity and intelligence, in power and happi-
ness, lias no rival among the nations of the
earth.
The subject of our consideration at this time
is the annual message of the President. In
that State paper, sent to the Congress at the
commencement of our present session, we find
announced in plain and appropriate language,
with decision and distinctness, that policy which
the people are called to pass upon in their
future exercise of the elective franchise.
Upon that administration and its line of
policy the people of New Hampshire are soon
to sit in judgment. It is in view of that pending
struggle, as well as in the broader and more
national aspect of affairs, that I come to-day to
the review of that message, and the policy it
proposes, in the brief space which the privi-
lege of the House assigns me. And, Mr.
Chairman, I desire to inquire what there is or
what there can be, either in the language or
spirit of the message, J.0 furnish ground of ex-
ception to the Republican parly of the country,
or that does not meet the approbation of the
fair-minded and honest men of all parties,
wherever they may be found ? For myself,
speaking to-day in the light of the principles and
policy thus announced, and with no slight con-
sideration of its relation to the varied interests
and general welfare of our common country,
and after an observation of the conduct of pub-
lic affairs for nearly a year under the admin-
istration of General Grant, I desire to express
at once my admiration of his success and my
perfect confidence in that ability and integrity
already evinced and so imperatively demanded
in the future successful administration of pub-
lic affairs.
Without intending to enter at length into a
discussion of all the important matters of which
the President treats, i propose to call atten-
tion to such as I have time and opportunity to
allude to. And, sir, my attention is first ar-
rested by this clear and noble declaration of
those convictions of duty with which the Presi-
dent entered on the discharge of his high office,
and I find tliem thus recognized and stated :
"On my assuming the responsible duties of Chief
Magistrate of tho United States, it was with the con-
viction that til roe things weic essential 1 <, its peace,
prosperity, and fullest development, h'irst among:
these, is strict integrity in fulfilling all our obliga-
tions; second, to secure protection to tho person
and property of the citizen of tho United Statos m
each and every portion of our common country,
wherever lie may choose to move, without rclercnco
to original nationality, religion, color, or politics,
deunuiding of him only obedience to tiie laws anil
proper respect tor the rights of others; third, union
ot :i!l tho States, with equal rights, indestructible
by any constitutional means."
This broad and comprehensive language is
tho utterance of a patriot statesman, whose
high ambition is to preserve the public faith,
insure the security of the citizen, and main-
tain unimpaired the honor, strength, and per-
manency of tho State.
OUR POEEION POLICY.
In this last consideration is embraced also
our strict observance of international law and
the recognition of the rights of other nations;
for whatever in our conduct tends to violate
them, tends also to embroil us in foreign con-
troversies, while it attacks and encroaches
upon that moral sentiment whose preservation
is so essential to the welfare of a republic. As
if for the purpose of checking that spirit of
filibustering so rife under the regime of the slave
Democracy, the President in words of dignity,
yet in tones of sympathy, rebukes that fiery
sentiment of encroachment and aggression, of
which unfortunately too much survives, and
which leads some to seek by violence the acqui-
sition of territory which seems destined to
reach us at last by political gravitation. In
reference to this spirit, alluding to the insur-
rection in tho neighboring island of Cuba, the
President announces the true policy in these
words:
"As tho United States is tho freest of all nations,
so too its people sympathize with all peoples strug-
gling for liberty and self-government. But whilo so
sympathizing, it is due to our honor that wc should
abstain from enforcing our viows upon unwilling
nations, and from taking an interested part, without
invitation, in tho quarrels between different na-
tions or botweon Governments and tlieii- subjects.
Our courso should aJways bo in conformity with
strict justice and law,international and local. Such
has beon tho policy of tho Administration in deal-
ing with theso questions. For more than a year a
valuable provinco of Spain and a near neighbor of
ours, in whom all our pooplo cannot but feel a deep
interest, has beon struggling for iudopondenco and
freedom. Tho people and Government of tho United
States entertain the samo warm feelings and sympa-
thies for the peoplo of Cuba, in their pending strug-
gle, that thoy xnanifostcd throughout tho previous
struggles between Spain and her former colonics in
behalf of the latter. But the contest has atno time
assumed tho conditions which amount to a war, in
the sense of international law, or which would show
tho existence of a do facto political organisation of
tho insurgents sufficient to justify a recognition of
bolligorency.
"The principle is maintained, howover, that this
nation is its own judge when to accord the rights
of belligerency, either to a pooplo struggling to freo
themsolvos from a government thoy bolievo to bo
oppressive, or to independent nations at war with
each other."
Mr. Chairman, I have no aversion or hostility
to the incidental expansion of our territory.
The principle of territorial acquisition is, in
my opinion, however, too seductive and dan-
gerous to be encouraged as tho basis ol'a line
of policy; especially, sir, when even Repub-
licans are restless under tho restraints of those
recognized rules of law which forbid us to
attack or encourage attacks on the integrity
of nations with which we are at peace. It is
eminently in accord with my own sentiments
of law and justice, as it is gratifying to my
pride of country, to find the Chief Magistrate
of a great nation which has so recently and so
shamefully suffered by their violation determ-
ined to maintain them against the wild crusade
of aspiring ambition and the corrupting influ-
ences of foreign gold.
rCBLIO CREDIT.
The President seeks to throw the broad
shield of security over the national credit by
these noble words, which I have beforequoted :
"first among theso is strict integrity in ful-
filling all our obligations.'' These words are
worthy of the man and the magistrate. On
the truth of that proposition rest our future
internal pence and prosperity, while it up-
holds the superstructure of national honor.
In tho years that are coming upon us wo are
to deal with this question ; how can our obli-
gations, arising out of the necessities of war,
be respected and met with the least burden to
the people? in this declaration of the Presi-
dent he asserts a principle which has received
the sanction of fundamental law. The four-
teenth amendment to tho Constitution declares
that the validity of the public debt of iho Uni-
ted States shall not be questioned ; and it is
one of tho most important inquiries, alike in
its magnitude and its constant and continual
relation lo the great mass of our citizens, how
tho interest on it shall bo met and what meas-
ures shall be taken for its extinguishment.
the cur:ut..\i;v.
These questions open up for discussion the
entire field of finance, taxation, and economy.
"Whatever is done must be done cautiously
and gradually. Credit lies at the foundation
of our ability to meet successfully our obliga-
tions; and credit, like nature, abhors violence.
Gradually, sir, as a man recovering from terri-
ble sickness, is the country passing from the
infliction of war to the healthy condition ol
peace. Not with the sudden shock of abrupt,
change, but with tho steady progress of conva-
lcscencc are wc fo seek a return to the fixed
and steady policy which marked_ our progress
before the advent of the rebellion. While 1
pant for the day of final and complete recovery,
I will not attempt to hasten it by those violent
remedies which will leave the systen exhausted
or hopelessly impaired and broken. No one
can regret more deeply than I do those evils
of an irredeemable and depreciated paper cur-
rency, whose inevitabletendency, asexpressed
in the forcible language of Mr. Webster, is to
make tho rich richer and the poor poorer.
Yet it seems to be almost universally admitted
that we can neither remedy the evil by at once
resuming specie payments or by fixing a period
when it would be consistent with tho best inter-
ests of the country to resume. And yet, in my
opinion, there can be no stability of the cur-
rency, no firm security for trade and business,
and no certainty of the destruction of the gold-
gambling interest until resumption comes. It
is to this point that we should seek to educate
ourselves. When that conviction shall have
fastened itself upon the public mind, and the
credit of the Government shall have reached a
point where the cries of repudiation, the hos-
tile attacks of reckless politicians, and tho
senseless clamor for more irredeemable paper
money fail to affect it unfavorably, the transi-
tion from a depreciated currency to one that
shall be worth dollar for dollar will be indeed
easy. I trust that the public mind in all parts of
the country is undergoing a change upon this
question and that a return to a specie basis is
finding more favor and more friends day by day.
In this respect, too, we may hope they are
coming to bo more in accord with tho views of
the President. JJ;now of no opinion of that
distinguished officer that reflects more strongly
his sound sense and clear perception in regard
to the currency than the following declaration
in his last annual message :
"Among tho evils growing out of the rebellion
and not yet. roferred to is that of an irredeemable
currency. It is an evil which I liopo will receive
your most earnest atlention. It is a duty and one of
the highest duties of Government to secure to tho
citizen a medium of exchange of fixed, unvarying
value. This implies a return to a spccio basis, and
no substitute for it can bo devised. Itshould becom-
mcnced now and reached at the eaiJicst practicable
moment consistent with a fair regard to tho interests
of the debtor class. 1 inmediat« resumption, if prac-
ticable, would not be desirable, it. would compel
tho debtor class to pay, beyond thou- contracts, tho
premium on gold at the date of their piuchase, and
would bring bankruptcy and ruin to thousands.
Fluctuations, howevci, in the paper value of tho
measure of all values, gold, is detrimental to tho
interests of trade. It makes the man of business an
involuntary gambler, tor m all sides whore luture
payment, is to be made both parties .speculate as to
what, will be the value of the currency to be paid and
received. I earnestly recommend to you, then, such
legislation as will insui v a gradual rotui n to specie
payments and put an immediate stop to fluctuations
in tho value of currency."
The President thus criticises the character
of this currency, depreciated and fluctuating
as it is, whilo ho concedes the impracticability
of resuming at once. Although we must wait
for the fruition, we may and ought to keep
constantly in mind tho absolute necessity of
resumption as a solution of tho currency ques-
tion, and, in the language of the Secretary of
the Treasury, "every measure of the Govern-
ment bearing upon the subject should lend to
yppieeiate the value of our papei currency.1'
intimately connected with this question of
paper money is another disturbing element—
the character of our national securities, the
rate of interest which they bear, and 'the man-
ner of their payment. My former objection to
a further issue of irredeemable paper indicates,
1 think, strongly enough my hostility to issuing
any more of that class of indebtedness as a
substitute for our bonds or for any other pur-
pose. Our debt is a sacred one, incurred in a
struggle to perpetuate the principles of free
self-government, and the faith mid honor ol
the nation are alike pledged to its payment,
i All talk of repudiation is moral treason. When
' we issued the bom's, amid (he mighty throes ol
i civil war, wc agreed to pay them. The substi-
