3970
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
June 1,
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the repeal of
the income tax. ' ' ■ ' •
By Mr. McKEE: The memorial of John A.
Ragan, of Hinds county, Mississippi,relative
to a levee system for the Mississippi river.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of Jos.
Powell, esq., of Tennessee, praying to- be al-
lowed his necessary expenses in contesting a
seat in the Fortieth Congress as a. member
from the first district of Tennessee.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of citizens of
Brooklyn, against increase of tax on tobacco.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition from
Messrs. Spence Brothers & Co., .Maddux
Brothers, James T. Williams, and many other
citizens and business men of Cincinnati, rela-
tive to taxes on tobacco, and remonstrating
against "an increase of the tax on smoking
tobacco.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of E.' A.
Hooper and others, citizens of Summit county,
Ohio, for a uniform rate of tax at sixteen cents
per pound on all manufactured tobacco and
snuff. -
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Daniel
Catlen, Leggett, Dinsmore', Boyce & Brother,
and others, against an increase o.f tax on
smoking tobacco.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Julius
Sprandel, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 1, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. 0. Butler, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the peti-
tion of Edwin M. Chaffee, praying for the
extension of letters-patent granted to him
August 81,1836, forthe " machine patent," so
called, used in the manufacture of India-rub-
ber. I will -say that the petitioner is reason-
ably poor, that he has not received a very large
amount for the improvement which he made in
this machinery, and it may be proper for the
Senate to manifest their sympathy for a man
who needs that kind of aid. 1 hope it will
receive proper consideration. I move the ref-
erence -of the petition to the Committee on
Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented two memorials of citi'
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the continuance of the inquisitorial income
tax; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of
Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow
of the late Hon. Isaac E. Morse, of Louisiana,
praying an appropriation of $4,500 as com-
pensation for services rendered by her hus-
band while commissioner to the Government
of the republic of Now Granada, under the
administration of President Pierce; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD presented the memorial of
Elihu Jefferson and thirty-seven others, citi-
zens of New Castle, asking an appropriation
for the repair of the United States piers at
New Castle, Delaware ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the memorial of
Thomas P. Mitchell, of Washington, District
of Columbia, praying indemnity for three hun-
dred and fifty bales of cotton taken from him
in August, September, and October, 1805, by
the United States Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition pray-
ing for the passage of the bill to incorporate
the International Society of the United States
for the Protection of Immigration. I beg to say
that this petition commends itself to the Sen-
ate, not only for the humanity of its prayer.
but fjr the strengtK of the -names which'it con-
tains. It is the petition of many of the lead-
ing firms of the city of New York, headed by
Henry Clews & Co. I move that it be referred
to the, Committee on the Judiciary, there being
a bill on that subject before that committee.
The motion w;as agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
W. R. Samuel, N. W. Green, Frederick L.
Spigener, and J. C. Miller, citizens residing in
the county of Elmore, Alabama, graying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of John
Markley and twelve others, of Atchison county,
Missouri, in reference to an island in the Mis-
souri river, and praying that the title to the
tracts and parcels of lands set forth in the peti-
tion be granted to them; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of watchmen
in the Interior Department, asking increase
of their compensation; which-was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented a memorial of the thir-
teenth General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
relative to water communication between the
Atlantic and the Mississippi; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
john a. sutter.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Committee on
Claims be discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the claim of John A. Sutter, and
that the papers be referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Have not the Committee
on Claims made a report on that case?
Mr. COLE. They have not, as I under-
stand. Tlie chairman can inform me.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr, Sfrague] to make a
report on the case.
Mr. COLE. But since then the matter has
been referred to thom again in the form of a
bill.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from California
whether there has been an adverse report?
Mr. COLE. There was a report, but since
that report was made the matter has been
taken before the committee again by a bill.
There was no bill before the committee when
they reported before.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Ilas-there
been an adverse report since the last recom-
mittal ?
Mr. COLE. The chairman can state.
Mr. HOWE. I. understand that the claim is
pending now before the Committee on Claims.
I do not know what the exact situation of it is,
but the motion is to discharge the committee
from its further consideration.
The PRESIDE WS pro tempore. The motion
is to discharge the Committee on Claims, and
refer it to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS. .1 do not wish to inter-
pose any-objection to any labor that anybody
sees proper to impose upon the Committee on
PrivatevLand Claims, but_ I do not wish a
claim referred to that committee unless some
reason for it can be assigned. I do not under-
stand this to be a claim for any title to land.
Mr. COLE. Yes ; it involves the question
of the original right of Mr. Sutter to a grant
of land in California. I think it is more prop-
erly the business of the Committee on Private
Land Claims than of the Committee on Claims.
Itinvolvesthat very question. What the prayer
of the petition is I.do not remember; but I
believe it is that Congress will accord to him
compensation for lands which were taken from
him. It-involves the question of a land grant,
at all events.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that the Senate discharge the Committee
on Claims from the farther consideration of
this case, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
reports op committees.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
921) granting jurisdiction to the Court of
Claims in a certain cause involving the use of
a patent, reported it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 1987) to define the duties of pension
agents and prescribe the manner of paying
pensions, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. li. No.
2090) to amend a portion of a certain statute
of the Territory of New Mexico, have directed
me to report it back with a recommendation
that it pass; and as it is very short I ask for its
immediate consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; it must go on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
282) respecting the jurisdiction of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Cape Fear, in the district of North Carolina,
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 150) providing a
mode of settlement of certain claims, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCHU&Z. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Territories, to whom wa3 referred the
bill (II. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of Idaho Ter-
ritory, and for other purposes, to report it with
amendments ; and I am also directed to ask the
Senate to proceed to its immediate considera-
tion, for the reason that this bill has an im-
portant bearing on the election of certain offi-
cers to take place on next Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Is there objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Its con-
sideration being objected to, the bill goes upon
the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 192) in relation to the claims of Ward
B. Burnett, submitted an adverse report thereon
and moved the indefinite postponement of the
joint resolution. The report was ordered to
be printed, and the joint resolution was indefi-
nitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of A. W. Walker,
praying compensation for services rendered
as captain of the eighth Tennessee infantry,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Alois Klaus, pray-
ing compensation as first lieutenant of "East-
man guard," in the second Wisconsin cavalry
regiment, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 18) to enforce the sev-
eral provisions of the Constitution abolishing
slavery, declaring the immunities of citizens,
and guarantying a republican form of govern-
ment by securing the elective franchise to citi-
zens deprived of it by reason of race or color,
to report it back to the Senate and move that
it be indefinitely postponed, the Senate having
acted upon the subject in another bill.
The motion was agreed to-
