3026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
the President of the United States to restore to
the active list certain officers of the medical
department; which was read. It proposes to
authorize the President to restore to the active
list of the Array Chief Medical Purveyor Rich-
ard S. Saterleeand Assistant Medical Purveyor
Charles McDougall, who were retired by order
of the President on the 23d day of February,
1869, and whose places have not been filled, if
he is of opinion that these officers are capable
of performing the duties of their offices, and
that the public interest will be promoted by
their restoration to the active list.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed. I know
something about the circumstances under which
it originated; and I think the object is not
entirely to provide for these two venerable gen-
tlemen who have been retired, one of whom is
seventy and the other nearly eighty years old.
I believe the committee are pretty well satis-
fied of the propriety of the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I think the resolution had
better be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Let it be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint res-
olution will be passed over. The next bill
will be reported.
FORT GRATIOT RESERVATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. Pw. No. 945) to provide for the survey of
the Fort Gratiot military reservation, in the
State of Michigan; which was considered a3
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate $3,000 to complete the survey and
subdivision of the Fort Gratiot military reser-
vation in pursuance of law, and the money is
to be returned to the Treasury from the pro- I
ceeds of the sale of any part of the reservation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
J. B. READ.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. C91) for the relief of Dr. John B. Read;
which was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate $17,000 to Dr. John B.
Read, in full satisfaction of all his claims for
the use by the United States of his inventions
and improvements in projectiles for rifle can-
non, his acceptance of which sum shall be
deemed a fall satisfaction of all his claims aris-
ing nnder his agreement with the War Depart-
ment, entered into in the year 1856.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing ont in line seven all after the word "can-
non" and inserting "up to the time of the
approval of this act;" so as to read: j
That the snm ef $17,000 be, and the same is hereby, '
appropriated out of any moneys not otherwise ap-
propriated, to Dr. John fi. Read, in full satisfaction
of all his claims for the use by the United States of
his inventions aqd improvements in projectiles for
rifle cannon up to the time of the approval of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report in that case. That is quite a large sum
of money.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Howard, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, on the 22d of March:
Th« Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
having bad under consideration and examined the
memorial of Dr. John B. RcaJ, asking compensation
for improvements and discoveries made by him in
the form and material of projectiles for rifled ord-
nancc, submit the following report thereon:
The original patent and the public experiments of
Dr. Read date from the year 1856, at which time rifled
ordnance of large calibcr practically did not exist in
iiny country, as shown by the fact that the United
States Government then only possessed one absolute
rifled sun, and the text-books of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point contained no allusion to the now
important subject of rifled ordnance.
Xhepublicexperimeotsof Dr. Read were conducted
during three years, and chiefly at his own expense;
but before the close of 1859 his system of projectiles
had been proved to bo practicable, from field-pieces
up to ten-inch colnmbiads.
It has been shown to the satisfaction of the com-
mittee that Br. Read was the first to disoover and to
demonstrate the feasibility of using hard metals, as
i wrought iron, coppor, and brass, for the expanding
! sabots of riflo projectiles; a prat cm upon which the
: suecessof rifled ordnance of largeoaliber is evidently
dependent.
Besides this he has matured improved forms of
projectiles, from which there is good reason toexpcct
still greater efficiency and safoty in the service of the
heavy rifled guns, now indispensable for iron-clad
warfare.
These improvements gavo such promiso of useful-
ness as to induce a written agreement with the Secre-
tary of War in 1856, placing them at tho disposal of
tho Government upon its own tonus as to remunera-
tion. A copy of this agreement is heroto annexed.
As nothing has yet been paid the inventor undor
this contract, and as the agreement itsolf has proba-
bly saved tho Government a large amount of money,
and as the present development of our rifled ordnance
by the use of cast iron for gnns, a cheaper material
than is available with the rillo-shetl systems of Eu-
rope, emanated directly from the early improvements
and experiments of Dr. Road, the coinmittoe recom-
mend that the sum of $17,000 be appropriated in vin-
dication of the good faith of the Government and as
remuneration for tho use of his improvements and as
an indemnity for his actual expenses in perfecting
them, as well as for the time and attention devoted
to them.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know of
the Senator who has this bill in charge whether
there was any contract on the port of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; a contract entered
into between the Secretary of War, then Jeffer-
son Davis, and Doctor Read. The Clerk will
find it on the next page of the document con-
taining the report.
The Secretary read as follows :
Copy of paper  from War Department in relation to Dr.
Jiead't thetltfor rifled ordnance.
Ordnancb Office,
Washington, April 19, l8o6.
Sib; Befora incurring tho heavy expense incident
to the further experiments with the elongated, iron,
expanding projectiles from rifled cannon proposed
by you it will be necessary to enter into some ar-
rangement to secure to tho United States on reason-
able terms the use of year suggestions should the
result of the trials make it advisablefor tho Depart-
ment to adopt them. I have therefore to propose
that you assign to the United States the right to
make further trials of, and afterward forevei; freely
use for all Government purposes the improvements,
i' inventions, and suggestions covered by your patent,
should they be deemed worthy of adoption, in con-
i. side ration of which use forever, should it be adopted,
[ you will receive such compensation ai may be
', awarded by the Secretary of War upon the report
.' of a board of Army officers to be designated by him.
: The cost which has already accrued and will here-
. afteraccrue totheUnited States in the development
l and trial of your suggestions and inventions to be a
' a matter of consideration in fixing the measure of
| compensation.
: Respectfully, your obedient servant,
j II. K. CRAIG,
'' Colonel of Ordnance.
| Dr. J. B. Read, WatMngton City.
i! Ordnance Office.
:i Washington, May 1, 1856.
Sib; The within letter from Dr. John B. Read, of
Alabama, dated April 29,1856, conveys his uncon-
' ditional assent to the terms on which this Depart-
I ment, with your sanetion, proposed to prosecute
!, further experiments with his compound iron pro-
i jectiles. It is believed that this acceptance of the
I' terms of Dr. Read secures the interest of the Gov-
' j eminent should further trials be directed by you. I
! inclose a copy of the terms proposed to Dr. Read,
! (A,) copy of his letter of conditional acceptance,
| (B.) copy of letter from this office requiring uncon-
ditional acceptance. (C,) and letter from Dr. Read
| giving unconditional assent, marked (D.)
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. K. CRAIG.
Colonel of Ordnance.
Hon. Jefpekson Davis, Secretary of War.
[Indorsement.]
The arrangement is approved, with tho understand-
ing that the board of officers in fixing the measure
of compensation shall report their decision as to
what part of the plan presented is an invention of
Dr. Read, and also what part of his invention is
considered worthy of adoption in the United States
service; and remuneration shall be limited to the
part so found to bo new and useful.
JEFFERSON DAVIS, Secretary of TFar.
July 28,1856.
Mr. HOWE. I see that this arrangement
was made between a former Secretary of War
aud a citizen of Alabama, Dr. Read. I should
like to know where Dr. Read resided from
1860 to I860 ?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose he resided in
Alabama.
Mr. HOWE. I inquire of the Senator from
Michigan if the Committee on Military Affairs
had any evidence before them as to the part
he took in " the lateonplessantness " between
the two portions of the Union ?
Mr. HOWARD. I ara not aware of any
particular showing haying been made to the
committee as to his taking a part in the recent
unpleasantness. The committee, however
considering this matter, looked upon Dr!
Read, whatever he may have been politically'
as a mere scholar, as an inventor of somewhat
remarkable genius in that line. That he nmtle
great improvements in tho matters of project-
iles for rifled guns there can be no doubt-
and he took out a patent, which is still in ex-
istence, I believe, to protect his inventions.
The Government of the United States availed
itself of his inventions, under the agreement
made between himself and Mr. Davis, while
the latter was Secretary of War. Dr. Read
has never been paid a farthing by the United
States or any otuer persons for the use of his
inventions.
Mr, SUMNER. Anterior to the war?
Mr. HOWARD. Anterior to the war or
since the war; he has never been compensated
at all; never has received a cent. The com-
mittee thought, therefore 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if any
report has been made by a board of officers as
to the value of the invention?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; there has never
been any such report to my knowledge. No
board has ever been constituted with a view to
perform the function referred to in the indorse-
ment of Mr. Davis.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then how did the com-
mittee arrive at the conclusion that this inven-
tion was worth $17,000 to the Government?
Mr. HOWARD. They arrived at the con-
clusion from an examination of a vast amount
of papers in manuscript, and from talking with
other persons who had knowledge on the sub-
ject. If a claim could be made in behalf of
Dr. Read for the use of his invention by the
United States during the war he would recover
a very large amount under his patent. The sum
mentioned in the bill now before the Senate the
committee regarded as simply a not illiberal,
but very low compensation lor his time, his ex-
penses, the use of his talents as an inventor, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. Was he loyal daring the
war?
Mr. HOWARD. Iam notable to say whether
he was loyal during the war. All I can say is
what he said to me himself, and that I will
state with perfect frankness 
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the Senator
whether he did not really superintend the
making of these same guns for the rebels dur-
ing the war ?
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I was coming
to. He told me that at the breaking ont of
the war he came up to Richmond to give in-
structions to the ordnance officers of the
rebel government in the use of his invention,
but that he never took any other part in the
war at all; never held a commission, and took
no other step.
Mr. SUMNER. What more could he do?
Mr. HOWARD. This undoubtedly is against
him.
Mr. HOWE. Slightly I [Laughter. J
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state the whole
case.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the bill go over.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope it will not go Over.
It is a very just bill, and ought to pass.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me be understood,
Mr. President. Even admitting that Dr. Read
was a rebel and participated in the war against
the United States, it remains nevertheless true
that our own country availed itself of his in-
ventions and discoveries to a very great extent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was prize of war.
Mr. HOWARD. No; not exactly prize of
war, because Read had a contract with the
Government, which has just been read, for the
use of his invention. Now, I have nothing
