18?0.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
41st Conk....2d Sess.
Senators from Mississippi—Jir. Saulslmry.
Senate.
General Grant were $9,738,441 40 iu excess
of the collections in tho same department for
the last eleven months of the Administration
of Andrew Johnson.
To sum up : the economy account under the
administration of General Grant shows this :
Reduction in tho general expertises  $55,139,981 44
Increase in collections from internal
revenue  14,431,333 03
Decrease in expense of collecting cus-
toms revenue    1,001,6-17 30
Excess of collections in the same De-
partment    9,738,441 49
Total $80,311,403 29
This sum saved to the taxpayers of the coun-
try through the economy, integrity, and vigor-
ous measures of tho administration of General
Grant has been applied to the reduction of the
public debt and to the maintenance of the
credit of the Government.
xV proportionate saving for the remaining
month ot the first year of that Administration
would carry the amount to $87,612,000, and
this, with the amount of the Alaska purchase,
(§10,000,000,) which should have been paid
by the last Administration, would advance the
sum so saved to nearly one hundred million
dollars in tho first year of General Grant's
administration.
Can there be any doubt that economy is to
be the order of the day with the soldier states-
man who stands at the head of the Govern-
ment, when his pledges of retrenchment and
reform under which he entered on the minis-
tration of his high office are thus nobly re-
deemed at the outset'.'
Another most I/ratifying fact will bo found
in the increase of the revenue upon spirits and
tobacco. The following table will show that
increase:
1867. 1803. 1809.
Spirits ^33,^113,931 72 ?18,r,55,030 90 S :5,03e,401 U
Tobacco  39,7b5,148 41 IS,730,095 32 23.4JU.707 51
Total, 1887. SVU08,100 13 fe!7,335,72fi 22 «(!3,157,109 25
Total, 18dS, 37,385,720 22
 „   37,385,720 22
Dccrcasc.... *13,923,373 91  
Increase in 1809 J31.071.3S303
From this it will bo seen that during John-
son's administration the receipts decreased in
a single year $]-r),92ii,'37u 01. Thevhavebeen
increased on these articles by strict enforce-
ment of the laws under the present Republican
Administration, $31,071.38,3 0"5. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to redu.ee
still further the internal taxes $30,000,000,
taking it from those articles of necessity, and
from fboindtisliics and business of the country,
where its burdens are now so severely felt.
The country has every reason to expect from
the administration of General Grant, as I have
no doubt it will obtain, a further reduction
in the expenses of the Government. Wo
have in his administration, as I think I have
clearly shown, the commencement of an era
of-retrenchment and reform too long deterred.
Although I am not familiar with the opera-
tions of all tho Executive Departments of
tho Government, my official duties have led
me to an examination of tho wants and neces-
sities, as well as the expenditures of the Navy
Department, and nothing is clearer to ray
mind thau that we can, with eveu-handc-d jus-
tice to all the requirements of the service, reduce
the succeeding annual expenditures several
millionsin that branch. Since the inaugura-
tion of President Grant the expenditures in
that Department have been large in amount
and extraordinary in character. It is not to be
disguised that while those expenditures have
been the subject of severe criticism, they have
also been the objective point of the lively dis-
cussion which has arisen in Congress upon the
question of public estimates and expenditures.
Were it not for these expenditures and esti-
mates there would have been, in my opinion,
an almost universal acquiescence in the eco-
nomical policy of the Administration. I do
not propose to discuss at length, and at this
time, their necessity or propriety. I hope to
find occasion to do so in the consideration of
the naval appropriations, and I certainly intend
that it shall be no fault of mine if they aro not
largely reduced. Still, sir, it is but justice to
the Department to say that its expenditures,
large as they are, have been made with a view
to improve the efficiency of tho Navy, and
under the claim that the condition of our ves-
sels demanded a large outlay for their repair
and improvement. From the report of the
Secretary of the Navy it appears that eighty-
six vessels of all classes have boon repaired
and refitted in the short space of seven months,
and it is confidently asserted that the country
has received the full benefit of all that has been
expended. It is fair, sir, to infer that the out-
lay has placed the Navy in such condition that
its expenditures for the next fiscal year will
permit a reduction of several millions. It is
encouraging to observe that the Secretary
of the Treasury in his report fixes them at
$18,000,000 for the fiscal year ending 80th of
June, 1871, which is a reduction of $10,000,000
below the estimates of the Navy Department
transmitted to the Committee on Appropria-
tionsofthe House of Representatives. I shall
regard it as a part of my duty while endeavor-
ing to maintain the efficiency of the service to
do all that lies in my power to effect a still
greater reduction in tho appropriations for the
Navy.
tnn duty op congress.
And now, sir, what remains to bo done to
vindicate tho ability of the Republican party
to carry forward the Government in its career
of honor and prosperity to the fruition of those
hopes and aspirations which animate the breast
of every patriot in tho land ?
The answer is plain ; it rests with Congress
in the plentitude of it", power to indorse the
just principles thus laid down by the Presi-
dent, and by timely and prudent measures sus-
tain him in his attempts to reclaim the country
Irom the extravagant ideas and costly pol-
icy of a warlike period to the healthy frugality
aiid sound condition of an era of peace. How
shstH.it be done ? It can and must be accom-
plished by the closest, scrutiny into every item
of public expenditure ; by guarding every ave-
nue of approach to the public Treasury through
the agcncy of wise and stringent legislation ;
by cutting off, without fear or favor, every
useless expense in the public service ; by re-
ducing the'Army and tho Navy, as well as the
civil service of the Government; to their actual
working necessities, and especially by resist-
ing, with unrelenting determination the terrible
pressure which comes from every quarter, in the
shape of enormous claims against the Govern-
ment growing out of a condition of war. I have
alluded to the recent discussions in this House
which have taken place upon the estimates of
tho several Departments. In those debates the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr, Dawes,]
tho veteran legislator, whose character for
experience and honesty we all so much ad-
mire, struck the key-note of retrenchment,
which, ringing through the land, has aroused
tho people to a quick response. Tine it is,
sir. that there was in this call to arms some
discordant, notes, which giated haishly on the
ears of his friends; some blows given in the
shorn onset and in the ardor of the fight which
might have been in better taste if bestowed
upon his enemies ; but upon the great over-
shadowing question of retrenchment his posi-
tion is this day as commanding and noble as
it is patriotic and just to the people. De-
serving and receiving my sincere thanks for
that fidelity to duty which led him to marshal
to his aid his strength and his energies in
behalf of economy in all branches of the public
service, let me assure him that he will receive
also an ardent and constant support from me
in tho accomplishment of those great results
so long as I have the honor to share with him
the fellowship of this body.
Mr. Chairman, it is through the firm and
united efforts of the Republican party of the
country that these desirable results are to be
accomplished. All branches of the Govern-
ment are now in political harmony. That party
has its history, prouder and nobler than the
record of kings or States, and that history is
to-day its pledge of future patriotism and good
government. It cannot afford to be false to
that history, nor will it be. Its past is proud,
patriotic, glorious. It had its origin in the
great principles of justice and equality, the true
foundations of a republican State. It has been
the champion ofhuinan liberty, and vindicated
its claim to that proud title by its overthrow of
an oppression unrivaled in magnitude and
power. In the hour of its country's trial it
poured out its treasures at the stern demand
of inexorable war. By the courage of its legis-
lative policy and the energy of its confeder-
ated power it hurled the victorious armies of
the Union against a brave but cruel foe, and
struck down the flag of treason and rebellion,
never, I trust, to be again borne aloft. It
tore the shackles from the fettered limbs of
four milliou slaves, whose fervent songs are
to-day rising in thanksgiving to God for
their great deliverance. When its arms had
shattered the power of the rebellion, by its
wise and comprehensive policy it gathered
within the folds of its great scheme of recon-
struction tho jarring and discordant elements,
and out of chaos and confusion evoked order
and strength. Holding by its firm and power-
ful organization the legislative power of the
country, it has thrown the shield of the Con-
stitution over the emancipated freedmen, and
at last bestowed the right of citizenship and of
suffrage on millions hitherto degraded and dis-
franchised. It has had its trials and its sacri-
fices. Forth to the fields of war and carnage,
from their free andhappy homes, marched the
brave and gallant men who on a hundred
stricken fields maintained the honor of the
country, pouring out their blood like water, a
willing sacrifice to the holy cause of liberty.
The garnered ashes of our martyred heroes
repose in the great tombs of Arlington and
Gettysburg, while tho lurid glare of t,lie mighty
struggle in which they fell is lighting the future
pathway of our national life and glory. Along
that pathway the traveler shall pause fo gaze
on the shadowy forms of those who went down
in the great contest for constitutional liberty;
but of them all no form shall rise more benig-
nant,, no countenance shall shine more radiant
than that of him, our great leader, the mar-
tyred Lincoln.
Senators from Mississippi.
SPEECH OF HON. W. SAIJLSBURY,
ot' ilklattailk,
Ix the Senate op the United States,
February '24, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration tho rcpo-
tation offered by Mr Stocktox. to refer m the Com-
mit too on the.Teilioiary the creduni i.iU of Mr. Revels,
Senator-elect from the State of Mississippi-
Mr. SAULSBURY said :
Mr. Pkesidext : I have but a few remarks to
submit to the Senate on t'nh occasion. 1 know
that in rising to advocate the adoption of ibis
resolution, in effect to oppose the admission ot
this negro or mulatto man to a seat in this
body, I am attempting to prevent that which
is already a certainly. It is not my intention.
Mr. President, to go into any discussion ol the
character of the negro race, or of the propriety
