1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3027
more to aay. If the Senate think thata man
«o situated is not deserving of any compensa-
tion at all for the use of his inveution so be
it. It seems to me that he is to be treated as
go inventor, as a man of genius, as a scholar,
devoting bis whole lift* to inquiry, the fruits
of which have been availed of by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask the Senator if he had
a contract with the rebel government during
the war?
Mr. HOWARD. I never heard that he had.
I suppose he had not.
Mr. SUMNER. He taught the rebels.
Mr. HOWELL. I understand the rebels
used the same gun.
Mr. SUMNER. He taught them how to
use it.
Mr. HOWELL. They had the benefit of it
as well as the national forces. 1 think the bill
had better go over.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr". President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa withdraw his objection?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me oue minute.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not object to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend whether in his judgment, independent
of positive law, the Government from which
the patent right proceeds ought to pay for the
use of the patent? My own judgment is to the
contrary; and I propose at an early day to
bring in a bill declaring that the United States
shall be entitled to use, without compensation,
any patent issued by this Government. The
Senator is aware that the highest courts in
England have recently asserted that principle,
merely in the interpretation of the patent laws.
As I understand it, in England now the Gov-
ernment may use any patent without paying for
it It seems to me that is an equitable rule;
and as our courts in the face of onr statutes
nay not be able to declare it I hope Congress
will enact it. Now, to apply that principle to
this case, it seems to me that unless we are
positively obliged to pay this patentee we ought
on general grounds to refuse.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall not enter into a
discussion of the legislative policy to which
the honorable Senator refers. It does not
arise here at all. We know that under our
present patent laws if the United States see fit
to use a patent they must pay for it.
Mr. SUMNER. They ought not to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know about that.
I am not by any means certain abont it; but
snch at present is the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this bill is objected
to, we are wasting time in debating it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio renews the objection, and the bill will be
passed over.
M1XIN0 CLAIMS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 562) to amend an act granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners,
over the public lands, and for other purposes;
Wilton VAV pAA/i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Mines
and Mining will be read.
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on Mines and Mining to withdraw
the amendments. After having consulted with
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
I think they are unnecessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada, on behalf of the Committee on Mines
and Mining, proposes to withdraw the amend-
ments reported by the committee to this bill.
The Cbair hears no objection to that course,
and the amendments will be regarded as with-
drawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Nevada whether there is anything in
this bill, or whether it is iatended in any way
to interfere with the righto which were granted
to Mr. Sutro?
Mr. STEWART. Not the slightest. There
is nothing in tho bill which will possibly touch
hiui.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention was called
to it by Mr. Sutro. He was apprehensive that 1
the thirteenth section might interfere with some
rights granted in the former act to him. If ,
the Senator has no objection I will send to the
Chair a proviso that this shall not interfere
with that act.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know why the
Senator should want to send this bill back to
the House of Representatives for a matter of
that kind. It certainly contains nothing that
does interfere with Mr. Sutro's rights. It was
suggested that the amendment might be con-
strued in that way, but it will not have that
effect. Sutro's ail was a special act. granting
to him certain special rights on the Corastock
lode. A general act would not interfere with
it anyhow. Then again there is a special res-
ervation in this very section in these words:
Provided, hotoeoer. That nothing in this act shall
be deemed to impair any lien which may huvo at-
tached in any way whatever to liny mining claim or
property thereto attached prior to tho issuance of a
patent.
That was a special act giving him the grant
of certain privileges; and a general act would
not abrogate it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A general act might
interfere with the grants of a special act. The
section is rather broad, and I am not prepared
to say what may be its precise effect.
Mr. STEWART. Another thing. His act
applies to quartz lodes. This section only
applies to placer mines. They do not apply to
the same subject-matter at all. It has no more
effect on Sutro than would the grant of apiece
of land in Illinois by Congress have effect npon
him. They are different subjects-matter. These
are sections extending the preemption laws to
placer claims. The language is:
That tho act granting the right of way to ditoh
and canal owners over thepublic lands, and for other
Enrposes, approved July 26,1866, bo, and tho same is
•reby, amended by adding thereto the following
additional sections, Nos. 12,13,14,15,16, and 17, re-
spectively, which shall hereafter constitute and lorm
a part of the aforesaid act.
And forther:
That claims usually called "placers," including
all forms of deposit, excepting veins of qnartz or
other rock in place, shall be subject to entry and
patent under this act under like circumstances and
conditions, and npon sitnilar proceedings as are pro-
vided for vein or lode claims.
This bill docs not apply to quartz claims at
all. Why, then, send the bill back to the House?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that there
will be no difficulty in the House concurring
in an amendment of this kind. The bill is not
intended, as I understand by the Senator from
Nevada, to affect any rights under the act to
which he has referred; but he will see that
this thirteenth section ia very broad:
That where said person, corporation, or associa-
tion, they and their grantors, shall have held and
worked any claim authorized to be patented by this
act or the act to whieh it is amendatory"—
" Any claims "—
Mr. STEWART. Any placer claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where a person has
worked any claims authorized to be patented—
"for a period eqnal to the time prescribed by the
statute of limitations for mining claims of the State
or Territory where the same may be situated, evi-
dence of such possession and working of the claims
for such period shall be sufficient to establish a right
to a patentthcreto under this act, in the absence of
any adverse claim."
I am not sufficiently advised as to the fact
whether there may not be placer claims that
might interfere with these rights in this way.
Mr. STEWART. I am, perfectly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is not intended to
interfere with it, and the parties interested in
that claim suppose it may interfere, I cannot
see what objection the Senator can have to
accepting the proviso which I propose to offer.
There can be no objection certainly, except
that it will require the concurrence of the
other House.
Mr. STEWART. I have objection to send-
ing this important bill back to the other House
iu the state of business there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no trouble in
i the House in concurring in the amendment.
' I will send my amendment to the Cliair, and I
hope it will be adopted. I think the Senator
will agree to it when he hears it. I move to
amend the thirteenth section by adding to the
proviso it contains the words which I send to
the Chair.
The words proposed to be added were read,
as follows:
Nor to repeal, impair, or in any way affect the
provisions of the act granting to A. Sutro tho right
of way and other privileges, to aid in tho construc-
tion of a draining and exploring tunnel to tho Cnm-
stook lode in the State of Nevada, approved July
£>, 186t>.
Mr. STEWART. I am most certainly op-
Kosed to that. I am opposed to any more
•gislation about Sutro; for liiin or against
him, I am opposed to any more of that hum-
bug one way or the other. It is a mere adver-
tisement for Sutro.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator is op-
posed to any legislation for or against Sutro,
let this amendment go on the bill, and that will
be the end of it.
j Mr. STEWART. No; it is simply an ad-
, vertisement of Sutro's tunnel. You find it all
I the time in the papers. All these propositions
are mere advertisements of it. This amend-
ment has nothing to do with the bill. It does
not apply to the same subject-matter; and I do
not propose to make every particle of our legis-
lation in regard to mines the machinery l'or
advertising Sutro's scheme. That is all it is.
This section of the bill simply applies to placer
claims; and there is a reservation that is com-
plete and perfect, so that it cannot possibly
affect him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ne-
vada speaks with some warmth with regard to
this matter. I certainly do not wish to impair
the effect of the bill at all; bnt it is suggested
to me that apprehensions are entertained that
this bill would interfere with rights under the
law specified in the proviso which I have
offered. The Senator from Nevada does not
intend it that way. The Senate does not in-
tend to pass a bill indirectly to effect an object
in this way. It does relate to the same sub-
ject-matter. The subject of this section is
mining, obtaining title to mining property.
That it has effect on the claim of Mr. Sutro I
am not prepared to say as a lawyer. I have
not sufficiently examined to decide that point;
but those who have examined it think it might
be construed to affect his claim.
Mr. STEWART. Any respectable lawyer
in the world who has examined it knows it will
not affect it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the amendment will
do no harm ; let it go.
Mr. STEWART. No; I do not propose to
have this bill advertise Sutro.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are advertising him
now.
Mr. STEWART. Our tables have been filled
for the last two or three years with all sorts
of publications about Sutro and his tunnel. He
seems to have been tunneling Congress and
not the mines. He never will make bis tunnel.
Mr. FOWLER. In the Committee on Mines
and Mining I gave my consent to the bill with
the understanding that it should not touch the
rights of any person. Not being thoroughly
acqaainted with the subject, I was not pre-
pared to judge of the mining interests it would
affect. Our attention was brought to this very
matter, however, and the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Rosa] and myself addressed a letter to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
to which he replies that it may affect the rights
of this party. He says: "The design and
scope, therefore, of section thirteen are not
entirely clear to my apprehension." I of
