1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3971
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 183) for the relief
of Edward B. Woodbury, Lucius K. Woodbury,
and Sylvia M. Melntyre, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 211) for the settlement of the
accounts of Charles C. Upham, late paymas-
ter in the Navy, deceased, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1395) for the relief of Charles Cooper,
Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley, William
llannegan, and John Ilannegan, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of E. P.
Hunt, of Galveston, Texas, praying compen-
sation for fitting out a schooner as a light-ship
in the harbor of Galveston bay at the begin-
ning of the war, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 719) to extend the time in which
certain offenses may be prosecuted, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
IGi) to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
collect wrecked andabandoned property, dere-
lict claims, and dues belonging to the United
States, moved its indefinite postponement, the
subject having been acted upon; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. It. No. 69)
relating to amendments of the Constitution,
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the hill (S. No. 751) to disapprove
an aet of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, passed January 15, 18G9, and
for other purposes, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Territories;
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution adopted at a mass
meeting of the German citizcns of Knox county,
Tennessee, remonstrating against further re-
construction legislation by Congress for that
State, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were,
by a resolution adopted on the motion of Mr.
Kkxxon, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of the Government paying the legal
expenses of volunteers who may institute suits
against the United States in the Court of
Claims for the recovery of their bounties under
the act of July 28, 18G0, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, submitted a report to accompany
the bill (S. No. 733) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant John Shelton, and also a report to accom-
pany the bill (H. R. No. 28) for the relief of
Robert L. D. Burchfield; which were ordered
to be printed.
SOUTHERN MARYLAND IIAILROAD.
Mr. LEWIS. I desire permission at this
time to present a memorial.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive it.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President, some time ago
the honorable Senator from New York whose
seat is nearest me [Mr. Coxkt.ixg] presented
to the Senate a remonstrance of some citizens
of Washington against the passage of measures
pending before Congress in relation to grant-
ing aid to certain contemplated railroads, and
asked that the remonstrance be made to bear
specially against Senate bill No. 597, which
I had reported from the Committee on the
District of Columbia on the 15th of March
last, with an amendment, made by the honor-
able chairman of that committee. The Sen-
ator from New York, on presenting the remon-
strance, remarked to the Senate that the bill
ought not to pass. • Such, sir, was not the
opinion of the committee when I was instructed
to report the bill, nor do I believe it to be the
opinion of the Senate to-day. After a full in-
vestigation I have arrived at the conclusion
that this road is of great importance to the city
of Washington and ought to pass. I now beg
leave to present a memorial in response to
that remonstrance, and ask that it be reported
to the Senate by the Secretary, and then be
made to bear specially in favor of the passage
of the Southern Maryland railroad bill. The
memorial, as will be seen, is signed by many of
the most prominent and influential citizens of
Washington ; many of them are men of charac-
ter and wealth. I hope the Senate will indulge
me so far as to take up and pass this measure
before the close of the morning hour.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington, IX C., June\, 1S70.
To the Senate and
House of Representatives now assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of Washington, District
of Columbia, have been informed that certain re-
monstrances lia.vc been presented to Congress against
the passage of bills belore the Senate and House of
representatives giving authority to the people of
this city, through their municipal government, to
grant aid to certain railway companies. The ques-
tion presented, against which remonstrance is made,
is to authorizo the people, by a vote of two to one, at
the option of the city authorities to grant such aid.
This proposition leaves it in the power of one third
of the legal voters, at any election touching the
matter, to defeat the appropriation of such aid.
The undersigned cannot overlook the great fact in
modern or recent commercial life that centers of
business everywhere in this country depend almost
exclusively upon rail facilities of transportation.
jNoristhis city any exception to the rule. The na-
tional capital has drawn to it a certain class of peo-
ple specially engaged in the service of the Govern-
ment. Beyond this source of strength there is little,
indeed, to rely upon for progress in the future. Gov-
ernment employment issnuple subsistence. There
is nothing in it of tha t expansive enterprise, that
genius of invention and energy, which makes great
cities. It is a-sort of factory, with many employes
and tew superintendents.
The undersigned, regarding the present position
of the city in this light, are ot opinion, nevertheless,
that by a judicious expenditure of means in building
railways to the sea-board and to the interior, open-
ing channels of trade, enlarging production and mar-
kets, Washington L.m be made a commeicial and
business mart, as well as a, political capital.
The present debt of the city is said to be large. The
difficulty, it is believed, consists not so much in the
extent of the debt as ill the fact that this city itself
is a mere political capital. Three times the amount
! now due by the city would be less burdensome if wo
| could command rail transit in the diiections pro-
| posed by the bills before Congress.
: We appeal confidently to the observation of every
Senator and liepresentative in Congress that rail-
ways and growing cities are one and the same thing.
I Washington is no exception to this rule.
J The undersigned are convinced that the bonds of
the city will always remain at large discount in the
I market until rail facilities are provided and thepeo-
1 pic can be made to feel that they have other reliance
! than upon toe dispensation of public patronage.
With railways to the interior, which shall bring
j Washington into diiect communication with the
great coal basin of Maryland and Virginia, and with I
the mines of Pennsylvania, now under woik to !
Frederick, Maryland, and to the ripen waters of the '
| Atlantic at Point Lookout, the undersigned believe !
I the bonds of the city to three times their present j
' extent would command rates far above what they i
, are now sold for in market.
j' The undersigned, therefore, respectfully insist that
it is of vital interest to this city that said railways
should be constructed at an early day; and they are
' confident that the present guarded bills before Con-
gress, authorizing the people to vote upon thequea-
tion of aid, should pass.
| [The petition is signed by two hundred and
i forty-five citizens, including S. J. Bowen, 'h.
; Richards, C. Wendell, C. Willard, F. Tenney
! & Co., A. R. Potts, Marshall Brown, P. II.
1 Donegan, John S. Crocker, and other influ-
ential citizens of the District of Columbia.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Virginia asks unanimous consent to
call up at this time the bill referred to by him.
Is there objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I must object.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to pass over the pend-
ing order and take up that bill.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular business of the morning hour at this time
is the introduction of bills and joint resolu-
tions, and that business must be proceeded
with, unless it be displaced by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us go on regularly.
MESSAGE 1'ROM THE Eg)DSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 38) to estab-
lish a police court in the District of Colum-
bia, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. B. C. Cook of Illinois, Mr. Martin Wel-
KF.it of Ohio, and Mr. Joiix Fox of New York,
managers at the conference on its part.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPjiehson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 453) granting a pension to
J. R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa; and
A bill (S. No. G28) granting a pension to
Clark Hall.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Com-
mittee on Claims be discharged from thefurther
consideration of the papers in the case of
Black Beaver, which is a name an Indian bears,
that have been referred to that committee, no
i'eport having been made, in order that they
may be referred to the Department. I under-
stand that the matter can be settled at the
Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You want leave to with-
draw them.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to withdraw
the papers.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to have an order
entered that certain papers from the Secretary
of the Interior in relation to the claims of
the Santee and Medawakanton Sioux Indians
be recommitted t,o the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
been any adverse report?
Mr. RAMSEY. 'There was probably an
adverse report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs ; but I desire to have the papers recom-
mitted to the same committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection that order will be made.
On motion of Mr. OSBORN", it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. D. Green, of Flor-
ida, be withdrawn Irom the tiles of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. ABBOTT, it was
Ordered. That Colonel Osi. a,r Laslman have leave
to withdraw his petition and pa.per.- trom theiiles of
the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
9G0) to relieve certain sureties on official bonds;
which was read twice by its title, referred fo
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
9G1) to appropriate money for the repair of the
United States piers at New Castle, Delaware;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 200} for the relief of
Lieutenant John F. Trout, United States Army;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
