1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4915
not have it in the bill. I therefore renew that
amendment in that shape.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California. It will not be read unless some
Senator calls for the reading.
The-amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read: " A
bill to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company, and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes."
atlantic and pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up now
Senate bill No. 401, known as the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 401) to amend
an act entitled " An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line through the States of Missouri and Arkan-
sas to the Pacific coast by the southern route,''
approved July 27, 186G.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlax,] to insert as an addi-
tional section what will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the grant of lands
marie by this act, or the net amended by this act,
shall not apply to any land lying within the limits
of theso-called Indian territory, exceptso far as may
be necessary for the right of way, turn-outs, standing
places lor cars, and for the location of depot build-
ings, station-houses, and other structures necessary
for the construction and operation of said railroad,
for which the said company shall pay to tho legal
owners just and fair compensation, to be ascertained
in such manner as the President of the United States
shall prescribe. And the proviso to tho seventeenth
section of the act amended by this act shall be, and
is hereby, so amended as to read as follows: "Pro-
vided,, That any such grant or donation, power, aid.
or assistance from any Indian tribe or nation shall
be subject to the approval of Congress."
Mr. HARLAN. I desire the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The roll-call having been concluded,
Mr. STEWART. Before the announcement
of the vote I wish to make a statement. There
was an understanding that these two bills should
beconsidered; but the Texas Pacific bill having
passed, some of its friends have left rather pre-
maturely. Now, I suggest that by the unani-
mous consent of those who are present—there
are enough present to give consent—we devote
the morning hour to-morrow to this bill and
pass it the first thing. ["Agreed."] Let that
be the understanding, that we shall have the
morning hour to-morrow for this bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to get up
another bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada proposes that this bill be taken
up during the morning hour to-morrow and
voted upon without debate.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. STEWART. How much time will the
Senator want?
Mr. HARLAN. Not very long.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada proposes that this question
shall be taken to-morrow during the morning
hour.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a bill 
Mr. STEWART. Let the vote be an-
nounced by the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose this agreement
is made by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
any objection to the proposition made by the
Senator from Nevada? The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. HARLAN. What was the proposition?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the vote by yeas and nays on the amend-
ment should be announced, the yeas and nays
having been called. It becomes the duty of
the Chair to announce the result, which must
be done before any other motion could be
entertained.
The yeas and nays were announced—yeas
4, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Corbett, Edmunds, Harlan, and
Willey-4,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cas-
serly, Colo, I>rake, Fowler, 11 arris, Howard, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pomcroy, Pool, ltice.
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Warner, Williams^ and Wilson—25.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Ames, Boieman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Oattell,Chandler,
Conldiiig, Cragin, JJavis, denton, Ferry, l'Managaii,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howe, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, ltevels, llobortson,
lloss, Saulsbary, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and
Yates—43.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at thirty-five
minutes past eleven) the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 28, 1870.
TheSenatemetattwelveo'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Byrox Sunderland, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 object.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope there will be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware objects.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. DRAKE. I think perhaps at this time
the honorable Senator from Delaware will
withdraw his objection to the motion to dis-
pense with the reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As tho Chair
understands, the Senator from Delaware with-
draws his objection to dispensing with the
reading of the Journal- If there be no further
objection the reading will be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. The main part of the
Journal has already been read, and I should
like to hear t.lie rest of it.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope, as we meet an hour
later this morning than the rule requires, that
the honorable Senator will not object to dis-
pensing with the reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Chair does
not understand whether the Senator from Cali-
fornia objects or withdraws the objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I prefer that the reading
should go on for the present.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal. Having proceeded some time,
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw my objection.
By unanimous consent, the further reading
of the Journal was dispensed with.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By an order of
the Senate, adopted last night, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 401) to amend an act
entitled ''An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the States of Missouri and Arkansas to
the Pacific coast by the southern route," ap-
proved July 27, I860. Will the Senator from
Michigan ["Mr. Howard] having charge of tho
bill vield for morning business?
Mr. STE WART. Let us go o n with tho bill
first.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better go
on with the bill. We shall get through with it
in a few moments, I fancy.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to present a
petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
desire to present morning business.
Mr. STEWART. That can be done after
we get through with the bill. It will take but
a few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada suggests that the morning busi-
ness be proceeded with after the bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
have an understanding that when the bill is
completed weshall be allowed to present morn-
ing business; and if the bill takes till one
o'clock, the morning business shall not go
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. At one o'clock I shall
insist oil the regular order.
Mr. HOWE. I inquire by what law it is
that the morning business is shut out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, shortly before midnight last night, the
Senate resolved that this bill should be the
first thing considered this morning, as the Chair
understands. He was not present at the time.
Mr. HOWE. That midnight is a beneficent
hour. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is still, how-
ever, the unanimous order of the Senate. Tho
Secretary will report the pending amendment,
offered by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lak.]
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And he it further enacted. That the grant of lands
made by this act or tho act amended by this act shall
not apply to any land lying within the limits of the
so-called Indian territory, except so far as may be
necessary for the rifjht of way, turnouts, standing
places for cars, and lor tho location of depot build-
ings, sLuHun-houhes, and other structures necessary
for tho construction and operation of said railroad,
for which the said company shall pay to the legal
owners justand fair compensation, to be ascertained
in such manner as tho President of tho United States
shall prescribe. And the proviso to the seventeenth
section of the act amended by this act shall be, and
is hereby, so amended as to read as follows: " Pro-
vided, That any such grant or donation, power, aid,
or assistance from any Indian tribe or nation shall
bo subject to the approval of Congress."
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that this
question was fully understood last evening
when it was before the Senate, and I therefore
with great reluctance beg the indulgence of the
Senate for a very few minutes to state ray rea-.
sons for wishing this amendment to be adopted.
Mr. President, it is a very sad and painful
thing to seean individual perish. Itisa greater
shock to one's sensibilities to see a liumberof
persons destroyed, as when a ship goes down
in mid-ocean. But it is much more painful to
see a whole race destroyed. Our experience
and intercourse with the Indian tribes estab-
lish this fact, I think, beyond all cavil, that
immediate contact of the Indian tribes with the
white people, during their transition period
from a savage to a civilized condition, tends to
their destruction; and hence the nation has
heretofore set off' for the use of the Indian
tribes reservations within the limits of which
it has not been intended that white people
should intrude.
It will be remembered by every member of
this body that as the Indians have been puahed
westward from the old States beyond the Mis-
sissippi river, and ultimately beyond the Mis-
souri river and west of the western border of
the Slates of Missou-i and Arkansas, the Gov-
ernment pledged itself that the Indians should
have the right to the uninterrupted use and
occupaucy of that territory as a home forever.
The language used in explaining many of the
treaties to the Indians was, so long as grass
grows and water runs.'' In violation of this
pledge, however, tho United States did organize
territorial governments over them within what
are now the States ot Kansas and Nebraska.
