4916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
I beg Senators to contemplate the present
condition of tlie Indian tribes in those two
States. Take the Miamies, a tribe once so
powerful, owning and controlling nearly the
whole State of Indiana, who could put warriors
enough in the field to meet in a pitched battle
the Army of the United States—what are they
to-day? The organized tribe of Miamies, all
told, men, women, and children, number less
than one hundred. The Delawares, once a
powerful and still a rich tribe of Indians, are
reduced until their number is less than one
thousand. Take the Wyandotts, the Shaw-
nees, and the Senecas, within the memory of
the old men now living, powerful, warlike na-
tions; they now number each but a few hun-
dred. The same is true of thePottawatomies.
The Iowas, Kaws, Sacs and Foxes, Ottoes, and
Kickapoos, once numerous and in a certain
sense great tribes, are now reduced to a hand-
ful. This is the result of contact of Indians
with civilization. They have been surrounded
by white people in these two States. They are
wearing away and gradually perishing.
You have reserved, however, what is now
known as the Indian territory for the use of
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, the Cherokees,
the Creeks, the Seminoles, the Wichitas, and
the Oaddoes, for a perpetual inheritance. You
have given them title, over the seal and signa-
ture of the President of the United States.
You have given them the plighted faith of the
nation that within the limits of that territory
neither a territorial nor a State government
shall ever be established over them; that they
shall be, so far as we are concerned, independ-
ent nations, having the right to enact, to adju-
dicate, and to enforce their own laws. They
have organized civil government,for themselves,
following as a model the Government of the
United States.
With these pledges on your part in full force,
the Indians, unwilling to throw themselves as
a barrier across the track of commerce, have
already ceded the right of way for a railroad
through their country from north to south and
from east to west. And being willing that all
their surplus lands should be occupied, they
have also ceded to the United States large
tracts of land on the western side of this terri-
tory, for the use of other Indian tribes. But
during this very period Congress was busily
employed enacting laws which seem to con-
template the purchase of the territory and its
settlement by white people ; for the acquisition
of the title to their lands and the disposition
of the lands for the use of railroad companies
must contemplate their sale and settlement to
citizens of the United States.
The company organized to build the road
referred to in this bill believe that under the
act of 18GS they have the right to acquire title
to alternate sections of land to the extent of
twenty sections on each side of the lino of this
road on the main trunk line, from the western
border of the State of Missouri entirely across
the Indian territory, and for a branch road
from the point of crossing of the Canadian
river back to Fort Smith : making agrant, as the
members of that company think, of one half of
the available agricultural land within a breadth
of one hundred miles on both trunk line and
the branch road.
If it is the intention of Congress to open up
this territory for the settlement of white peo-
ple, then of course all I can say will have no
effect. If it is the purpose of Congress to vio-
late its plighted faith with these Indians, to
acquire from them title to this land for the use
of white people, and to extend over them terri-
torial government 
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for a moment, to enter a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
Southern Pacific railroad bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa yields to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
who enters a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate passed the Southern or Texas
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. STEWART. We had better take that
up right now a.nd act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa is on the floor.
Mr.^HARLAN. I was observing that if it
is the intention of Congress to acquire this land
from these Indians and establish civil govern-
ments over them, first territorial and afterward
State governments, and bring these Indians
into immediate contact with white people—if
they can contemplate with satisfaction the grad-
ual wasting away of these tribes of Indians,
as we have witnessed it in the States of Kansas
aud Nebraska, of course all that I can say will
be unavailing.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to induire
of the Senator from Pennsylvania if he was
present and voted on the Southern Pacific rail-
road bill?
Mr. CAMERON. On the final vote I voted
on the bill, and voted for it in all its stages. I
think that gives mo a right to move a recon-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule in regard
to reconsideration states that any Senator who
voted on the prevailing side on the passage of
a bill can move to reconsider; and the Chair
understands the Senator from Pennsylvania to
claim that he did so vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire the motion to
reconsider to be entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
now entered on the Journal.
Mr. HARLAN. But, Mr. President, in
addition to the pledge of the Government to
these Indians, made in the treaties ratified
nearly half a century ago, by a perusal of the
Statutes of the United States it will be found
that Congress in 1867 directed certain commis-
sioners to select a district of country lying
south of the State of Kansas, and another lyiug
north of the State of Nebraska, for permanent
homes for the Indian tribes who were at that
time engaged in hostility with the United States
on the latter reservation. The hostile Indians
of the upper Missouri and of the plains north
of the State of Nebraska were to be congre-
gated, and those south of the line of the Union
Pacific railroad were to be collected on the
district of country set off for them south of the
State of Kansas. In pursuance of this law all
that part of the Indian territory which was
ceded to the United States by the Choctaws
and Chickasaws and other tribes living in the
Indian territory, for the use of other Indians,
was set off by the peace commissioners for the
southern Indians—the Cheyennes, the Arapa-
hoes, the Kiowas, the Comanches, and some
small tribes. From twelve to twenty thousand
of those hostile Indians have been collected
and are now located in this ceded territory.
The Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment supposed from this legislation that it was
the intention of Congress to set apart all this
territory south of Kansas aud north of Texas,
lying between Now Mexico on the west and
the States of Missouri and Arkansas on the
east, for a permanent home for these Indians.
I am not willing to violate the plighted faith
of the nation, set forth in this statute and
incorporated in subsequent treaties made by
the Government with these Indians, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. If
the Choctaws and Chickasaws and Cherokees
and Creeks could possibly survive this direct
contact with civilized society, wo all know
that it is impossible for the Kiowas and Co-
manches and Arapahoes to sustain themselves
in such a conflict for a single year. They
would at once contract the diseases and ac-
quire the vices, without imitating the virtues
of their white brethren.
Now, sir. to set apart one half of all the
land lying in a strip eighty miles wide of the
main trunk and the branch line of this Atlan-
tic and Pacific Railroad Company, with a view
of its ultimate ownership by white people, will
result in their destruction. It is in direct con-
flict with the treaties made with both of these
classes of Indians, as well as with the statutes
directing the residue of this territory to be
set apart for the use of the wilder tribes.
It is doubtful, Mr. President, whether the
Executive Departments would so construe the
law of I860 as to extend the grant made to
this railroad company to the land within this
territory; but this bill seems to have been
drawn for the purpose of making that clear
which before was at least ambiguous. One
clause in the pending bill reads as follows:
And no conditions or limitations shall apply to any
part of the lino of said road west of the western
boundary lino of said Stato until tho right of way
shall bo secured over tho lands granted By said aot
and occupied by Indians.
To comprehend the full force of that phrase-
ology it is only necessary to bear in mind that
the Indians are not recognized as having title
to any land west of this Indian territory. In
New Mexico, Arizona, and California, before
their acquisition by the United States, Indian
tribes were not recognized as being capable of
exercising ownership in the soii; they were
treated as mere nomads. And since the acqui-
sition we have pursued the same policy; we
have made no treaties with them except with
the Navajoes and tho treaty with the Cheyennes
and Arapahoes, &c., to which I have just re-
ferred. But in these treaties the Indians were
not recognized as owners of the soil. Then, if
the Indians had no title to land in the Ter-
ritories of New Mexico and Arizona and the
State of California, there is no Indian title to
be extinguished. Hence the only title to bo
extinguished must be the Indian title to the
lands lying within this Indian territory, and the
phraseology, with the statement of these facta,
is no longer ambiguous:
And no conditions or limitations shall apply to
any part of the line of said road west of the western
boundary lino of said State until the right of way
shall bo secured over the lands granted by said act
and occupied by Indians.
Evidently contemplating the extinguishment
of Indian title to these very lands, the lands
lying within the limits of the Indian territory.
The subsequent phraseology confirms this inter-
pretation :
That patents for lands shall issue to said com-
pany in n ecordance with the provisions of the fourth
section of said act.
Mr. NYE. That is stricken out entirely.
Mr. HARLAN. I was not aware of that.
Mr. NYE. An amendment has been made
striking that out.
Mr. HARLAN. That this was the inter-
pretation placed on the old law and on this
bill by the person who drafted the pending
measure as it was submitted to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad will not admit of a
doubt, for the bill as it was referred to the
committee contained a clause providing that
this^ company should not be required to pro-
ceed in the construction of its road west of
the west line of tho State of Missouri until tho
Indian title should be extinguished.
Mr. President, as I have before observed,
if it is the purpose of Congress to violate its
plighted faith, to open up this territory for set-
tlement by white people, then, of course, this
bill without the amendment that I propose will
answer the purpose; it lays the foundation for
just.such disposition of these lands. If this
is not the intention of Congress, if Congress
intends to keep fai'h with the Indians, intends
to preservethis territory for their future home,
intends to give the Indians at least this lodg-
ment tor themselves and their posterity, then
the amendment 1 propose ought to be adopted,
for it makes clear that which is left ambiguous
in the charter, and which this bill proposes to
construe against the Indians.
I know it may be insisted that if this com-
pany has acquired rights under its charter it
would be bad faith to repeal or modify it sons
to divest the company of such vested interests.
