1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February V),
taaitj for fraud exists ia certainly unreasonable
when you compare it with the proposed meas-
ure, which only, in my opinion, increases the
probability and temptations to fraud, because
it leaves fraud to be committed without pun-
ishment to restrain it.
And here one word as to the allegation of
the Senator from Massachusetts, that $1 89
was the average pay of deputy marshals in
taking the last census. The figures for this were
not, as I understood, given by him ; but as-
suming it to be true, why did not the Senator
explain, or why did he not advert to the fact
that hia calculation is based upon five months
of daily service when in fact the men were gen-
erally actually employed but from thirty to sixty
days of that time ? The Senator has delivered
in many parti of this country a famous lecture
upon a very interesting subject. Would he
consider it just to state that his average receipts
have been but ten or twenty dollars a night,
as the case may be, for the past year when a
few isolated evenings of his time were really
the only period ocoupied by him in that task ?
Now, as a fact, 1 know the parties employed
in taking the census in the State where I live
in 1830 and 1860 made at least from six to
eight dollars daily while they were so occu-
pied ; and an intelligent gentleman on this
floor has stated to me that his compensation
while engaged in another part of the country
in a similar task, in 1860, was as high as from
twelve to fifteen dollars daily during the time
that he was so occupied. So it would seem
that the Senator's method of stating the com-
pensation under the law of 1850 is calculated
to mislead the Senate; and while the increase
of the nation will cause a greater number of
•numerators to b  employed, it must not be
forgotten kow much the facilities of travel and
intercourse also have beta increased at tfee
same time.
The fact has bean constantly stated on this
floor, and heard by me always with sorrow,
that our population during and since the war
has been tending to the great cities. If this
be so, and there ia no reason to doubt it, the
census wil 1 be more readily taken, for its difficul-
ties and expense are necessarily much greater
in thinly settled portions of the country than
in the denser centers of population. There
will be no difficulty in finding men willing and
anxioua to undertake this duty at present
rates. The existing law has twioe proved it;
and juat now there is unfortunately in this
country a great number of men out of employ-
ment, who in the fine weather of the mild
season designated for the work will be glad
to nndertake it, at the pay proscribed by the
existing law. Therefore, upon this subject of
compensation, it strikes me that the Senator
has not sustained his ground of objection to
the existing law.
The expense of the old law has been tested
twice. The figures are before the country and
are verified iu a manner that will not permit
their correctness to be gainsaid.
The newly proposed law, it has already been
shown, will require simply for blanks, pay of
district superintendents, and pay of enumer-
ators, for the mere preliminary serviceof blanks
alone, $1,720,000. That is the estimate made
by the friends of the measure, and that is for
the preliminary service alone, more than the
estimated and increased cost of the census of
1870, based npon the figures of 1850 and 1860.
This outlay of $1,720,000 involves the consid-
eration of the system of the householder sched-
ule provided, I think, in section ten of the
House bill, and it depends upon the voluntary
aid of the inhabitants, instead of the intelligence
and skill of the census-takers. Now, is or is
not this system practicable in a country so vast
in territorial area and so sparsely settled as
ours ? The instantaneous photograph of E uro-
pean countries described by the census taken
in England, and sometimes upon the continent.,
masingleday,may startle and, perhaps, gratify >
our minds; but it may be well doubted whether
we can readily transport every institution, how-
ever admirable, from the Old World and its
dense population to this with praotical benefit
: and useful results at this time.
There is one thing plain ; that for every mile
, of travel to deposit these householder schedules
! ia the hands of the persons to receive them
! theje must be another mile to prooure them
when they shall have been fillea. There is,
therefore—I ask the Senate to cousider—every
i mile traveled by the census-taker—-call him
: enumerator, or deputy marshal, or what you
will—every mile of travel under the old law
must be necessarily doubled under the new
> House bill; and 1 think that is a matter of great
consideration when the vast extent of territory
to be covered in this country is considered.
Now, will the returns to be had under this
system of household schedules be valuable for
: the purpose of the statistician? Glendower said
| he could "call spirits from the vasty deep;" ;
but Hotspur's practical commentary was, " but
will they come?" When, therefore, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts predicts confidently
the intelligent responses of the people of
America to these complicated and very numer-
ous statistical interrogatories, and says "X call
i on th« great virtue and superior intelligence of
the American people for this voluminoui and
highly scientific information," some of us from
the more rural districts, knowing perhaps some-
thing more of the bucolic mind, will answer,
r " but will it come?" The Senator seems satis-
| fied that the plan would work, and here I must
oppose to his opinion those of gentlemen much
referred to in this debate and justly relied
, upon.
The first I vill mention is Dr. Snow, who
has declared in his letter to the chairman, (and
here observe that this letter of Dr. Snow ia a
practical criticism upon the bill now under con-
11 sideration; it is not his mere abstract theory, :
| j hut it is the practical criticism upon this pend-
| ing measure, and made later than any other
i of his observations upon the subject of the
i census at all:)
"With regard-to these sad othor ttaaksfilUd by ;
! i the people in general, it is my e*peri«n°o, as wall as !
that of my assistants who bave oolle«tc4 statistics
for me, that they would be of no value whatever. It
- is easier for the person eollcctinj the statistics to
ask the questions and fill out the blanks himself, and
the information obtained is far more accurate. Let
as now look at the practical operation ana results
of the previous distribution ot blanks, as provided
, iu section ten. Let the enumerator distribute the
blanks as required to every family, form, manufac-
: turinc,' mechanical, and miniug establishment, to
every store aad trading establishment, and to each
1 fishery. If he stops to explain each blank, as ro- !
quired by the act, he will need twentyweeks rather ,
than twenty days to distribute them. When the time i
i comes for taking the census ha will find only a small
• portion of the blanks filled at all. The greater por- 1
tion of the people will not make the attempt."
And continuing, he says :
"It is my deliberate opinion that not store than !
i one in ten of all the blanks distributed will be filled
! with sufficient correctness to be aooepted and used.
I am iBolined to believe that the proportwa W<*ul*i
be maeh less thaa this."
And his conclusion, as given upon page 4, is:
" Finally, the conclusion is, and I rive this opinion
deliberately, that tbe previous distribution of blanks,
, as provided in section ten of the aot, will be of no
practical value whatever in promoting the fullness
or accuracy of tha census or in facilitating its opera-
tions ; but, on the contrary, will be the source of nu-
' merous errors, and on the wholo will be a greater
injury than benefit."
There was also a contribution, to the same
effect from Mr. Kennedy, who states in his
: communication to this committee, made in the
past month of January:
"Tho personal schedule will, in agreat majority of 1
. cases, not bo well filled. If the entries are made by
. the citizens, the figures will so vary as to be unintel-
ligible; tho ink often bad, tha returns will be marred,
• blotted, and changed so as to render them unde-
cipherable. The objections might be carried to
much greater length. They will prove a failure if
attempted. Paper and printing them will cost over
one hundred and eighty thousand dollars."
To this testimony I would add that of Dr.
Hough, who has stated ia an address of his
delivered upon the principles of statistics as
applied to the science, (the date of this I do
not know, but it is since 1805,) that in the city
of Baltimore there was an attempt to take a
census on the plan of the householder schedule,
and he says that "the thing entirely failed,
because the unfortunate question as to the
religion of the parties was added to tho rest."
He stated, " the returns are said to have
brought in more than sixty thousand short of
the real population. The work was thrown
away, and a new enumeration on the rudest
plan of primitive inquiry as to numbers, without
any blanks of any kind besides common pass-
books."
It is also true that Dr. Hough considers that
the failure of the householder schedule in tho
city of Baltimore was caused by the improper
interpolation of a question relating to men's
religion; but that is a supposition only. The
fact that the householder's schedule, as deliv-
ered in the city of Baltimore, was a complete
failure, be the cause what it may, is a fact
which is certainly proper to be considered in
weighing the value of this system of collecting
statistics.
But I may add also that I have Dr. Hough's
verbal statements to myself in regard to the
House bill, that it was his opinion that in the
less densely populated districts the plan would
not be advisable. Now, how are you, in a gen-
eral law of this kind for the whole country, to
discriminate, in sending forth your schedules
and making a law for all the States of this
country, between the thickly and the thinly
settled portions? It cannot be done, and there-
fore if confessedly this plan of sending forth
housebolderschedulesisadmittedby its strong-
est advocate yet referred to upon this floor, to
be defective iu the thinly settled portions of this
country, that of itself is sufficient to lose it the
confidence and assent of the Senate.
At page 10 of the same paper of Dr. Hough
that I have read from, where he is describing
the effect of the census taken by him in tbe
District of Columbia, he states " that in thinly
settled country outside of the cities, although
our men were mounted, their labors lingered
longer and were more difficult than in densely-
settled localities."
I think, however, I have stated enough, and
have sustained my allegations by the authority
of those most competent to speak on this pqjnt,
to show that this proposition to obtain the
desired information by the householder sched-
ules would not only be excessively expensive,
but would be worse than useless, expending
some $l,720,000in an attempt to obtain inform-
ation under a system which confessedly would
fail and has failed wherever it has been tried.
I think that is quite sufficient to condemn it.
I shall here comment on the formula of J udge
Underwood, of Kentucky ; for I believe that it
is to him that the feature of the present law
which operates as a check upon attempts to
obtain fraudulent compensation by census tak-
ers owes its existence. Judge Underwood had
been, I believe, in early life a civil engineer, as
many otiier of our most distinguished men have
been in the new States of this country. He
announced the proposition that the compen-
sation of the marshals should be estimated
according to a certain formula, and that that
was to be ascertained by paying them per capita
and an allowance of ten cents a mile for travel;
and to ascertain whether they had traveled the
distance claimed by them in making the service
of the schedules he submitted a problem, of
which he declared the demonstration would
prove its accuracy: that you were to multiply
the square root of the number of dwelling
houses in a division by the square root of the
number of square miles in each division, and
the product should be taken as the number
of miles traveled for all purposes in talcing
the census. There has been a good deal ot
ridicule attempted to be thrown upon that
portion of the law, and phrases of mockery
