3028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
April 27,
course do not understand the rights and inter-
ests of these parties in the mining sections of
the country, because I have not had much
opportunity to look into the subject-matter.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator handme
that letter?
Mr. FOWLER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the statement just
made is correct the amendment certainly had
better be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I have some amendments that
I should like to offer to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let this one be acted on
row, as we have been talking about it.
Mr. HARLAN. As objection is made to the
amendment I think the bill had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Towa will not object. Let us take the vote on
it. I appeal to him to withdraw his objection.
Mr. HARLAN. No; I think the bill had
better go over.
Mr. THAYER. If we can come to a vote,
why not let us vote? If there is to be no more
discussion, whv postpone the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Iowa to persist in
his objection. The Secretary will report the
next bill on the Calendar.
MATHILDA VrCTOR.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. G99) for the relief of Mathilda Victor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
JAMES X.. RIDGELY.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H* R. No. 125) for the relief
of James L. Ridgely, collector of internal
revenue for the second district of Maryland ;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury and the accounting officers
thereof, in the settlement of the accounts of
James L. Ridgely, collector of internal revenue
for the second district of Maryland, to credit'
him with the sum of $1,617 75, internal rev-
enue stamps stolen from his office, if it shall
appear the loss was without fault or negligence
on his part.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MINERVA LEWIS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 700) for the relief of Minerva Lewis,
as administratrix of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOWARD. .Let that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. PRATT. Is that bill objected to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made by the Senator from Michigan.
CHINA STEAMSHIP LINE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 331) to increase mail steamship ser-
vice between the United States and China and
Japan.
Mr. McCREERY. I object to that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection. There is no bill of as
much national importance now pending in
either House of Congress. We ought not to
hesitate one minute to pass the bill. We ought
really to pass it.
Mr. McCREERY. It is a matter of consider-
able importance, and I insist on my objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will not
persist in it.
Mr. COLE. I trust the Senator from Ken-
tucky will withdraw his objection and allow
this bill to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
before the Senate, objection being made to its
consideration.
NATAL PROMOTIONS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) for the relief
of certain officers of the Navy ; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
organize a board of three officers, not below the
grade of rear admiral, who shall examine into
the cases of such officers as may deem them-
selves unjustly passed over by promotions made
in conformity with the act of Congress approved
July 25, 1866. This board are to report their
conclusions to the Secretary of the Navy for
such action by the Executive and Congress as
to them may seem proper.
Mr. CRAGIN. I propose to amend the joint
resolution slightly, by striking out the word
" this " before "board" in the eighth line, and
the word "to" after "boMfd" and inserting
" shall," and by striking out all after the word
"Navy" in the ninth line and insertiug "who
shall report the same to Congress;" so as to
read, " which board shall report their conclu-
sions to the Secretary of the Navy, who shall
report the same to Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend by adding
the following additional section :
And be it further resolved. That officers who have
been promoted in pursuance of the ninth section of
the act to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy, passed March 2,18G7, shall be entitled to re-
ceive, from the date of such promotion, the same pay
when not on active duty that they were, at tho time
of being so promoted, entitled to when not on such
duty, undcrthe laws then in force regulating the pay
of officers of tho retired and reserved lists of the
Navy, and the said ninth section of said act is hereby
repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the effect of that?
Mr. DRAKE. I will explain, in response
to the inquiry of the Senator from Vermont,
that this is a section of a bill heretofore passed
by the Senate more than a year ago. There
was a report made on the subject to the Senate
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and a bill
introduced which was afterward incorporated
into a bill containing otherprovisions, and that
bill has never been actea upon in the other
House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I object to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be passed over.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. It is perfectly evident that
the Senate is in no condition to do business
this afternoon if bills are to be thrown over
in this way by a single objection. I hope the
| Senate will adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CRAGIN. I withdraw the motion; but
I wish to state——
Mr. WILSON. Any Senator has a right to
object to a bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly, I reserve that
right myself. This little bill is of no earthly
consequence to anybody except a few naval
officers. It does not involve one cent of ex-
pense. It is a mere provision for furnishing
to the President and the Committees on Naval
•Affairs the reasons why a man should be ad-
vanced in his grade. The law authorizes it
now, and there are constant appeals made to
us, and there are several nominations pending
which we decline to act upon until we know the
reasons. We propose that this board of high
naval officers take the whole subject into con-
sideration so as to be able to tell us why partic-
ular men should be advanced for meritorious
services. That is all there is of it.
Mr. SPENCER. The reason why I object
to this bill is because I am opposed to some
features of it, and I wish to speak upon it at
some future time in connection with other bills
in regard to the Navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is objected to, and the next bill will be
read.
BERGEN nEIGIITS arsenal.
The Secretary. The next business on the
Calendar is the joint resolution (S. R. No. 10)
directing the Secretary of War to sell Bergen
Heights arsenal.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Secretary to sell at public auction, to the
highest bidder, the lands and tenements belong-
ing to the United States, situate in the county
of Hudson and Stateof New Jersey, and known
as the Bergen Heights arsenal. The sale ia
to be made on the ground, after thirty days'
notice in the Newark Daily Advertiser and
Newark Evening Courier, papers published in
the city of Newark, and in the Daily Times and
Evening Journal, papers published in Jersey
City, New Jersey. The proceeds arising from
the sale are to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that it is
believed that this land will bring into the
Treasury from seventy-five to one hundred
thousand dollars, and the War Department i3
in favor of selling it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend by add-
ing to the list of newspapers in which this pub-
lication is to be made the New York Times
and the New York Tribune. I think there
ought to be a publication in New York city
papers. The papers named in the bill may
not circulate among the parties who may want
to buy the property.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
GEORGE S. ATKINSON.
The next business on' the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) for the relief
of George S. Atkinson, late assistant quarter-
master of Volunteers; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department, in adjusting the accounts of
George S. Atkinson, late assistant quarter-
master of volunteers, to credit and allow him
$2,043 01, the proper vouchers for which sum
were lost and destroyed at Mobile, Alabama,
in May, 1865, by the' burning and destruction
of the Government vessel Kate Dale.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that this
resolution came from the House, was referred
to our committee,- and reported by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] a member
of the committee. It simply provides for pay-
ing this officer this smalLsum of money. . The
vouchers were in a safe on board a vessel,
which was blown up in the harbor of Mobile.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And this simply provides
for a credit in his accounts?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC BOILtolNO IN ALBANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 708) to provide for a building for the use
of the post office, castom-honse, United States
circuit and district courts, and internal revenue
offices at Albany, New York; which was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be constructed a
suitable building, fire-proof, at Albany, New
York, for the accommodation of the custom-
house, post office, United States circuit ana
district , courts, and internal revenue offices;
and appropriates for this purpose $300,000, to
