3972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juneil,
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 207) authorizing the Post-
master General to continue to use in the postal
service a certain invention and device for the
post marking of mail packages and for the more
permanent cancellation of postage stamps, and
to make a just and equitable compensation for
the past and future use of the same by the Post
.Office Department; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to present in con-
nection with that joint resolution a printed
statement in its support, and to say that the
substance of it pertains rather to the Commit-
tee on Claims than to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads; and I move, there-
fore, that the resolution and the statement be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS submitted amendments intended
to be proposed by him to the bill (S. No. 458)
to authorize and aid the Kansas Pacific Rail-
way Company to extend and construct its rail-
road^ and telegraph line to El Paso, in New
Mexico, aud to the bill (S. No. 529) to pro-
vide for the sale of the Great and Little Osage
Indian reservations iti the Stat© of Kansas,
and for the settlement of said Indians in the
Indian territory; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill to
change the judicial circuits, which was under
consideration yesterday.
Mr. SPENOEU. 1 think resolutions are
in order.
ThePRESIDENTprotempore, Resolutions i
are now in order.
TOUT BAItUANCAS HESEHVATLON.
Mr, OSBORN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jiemlved, That tiio Sooretarv of War be requested
to lurmsu to tho Senato whatever information ho
'IV 1 tU tl. «   _ .*  •
uuvumuwii, uuuuiagtt on cue military res-
ervation; also, wbxil privato property is included
wituin tho limits of said reservation what claim*
arc tiled tor the occupation of such property, and
what application ior the salo of such property to
the Uovernment; albo, the reports, if any, of boards
ot military or civil ofheers on tho condition and
valuation of such property, and any opinion of tho
Attorney (xcnorai concerning such property.
COUUSS STJSAM-KNOINIfl COMPANY.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following res-
olution, and asked for its immediate consid-
eration :
Jlewhcd, That the Committee on Kaval Affairs,
to which hns boon referred the reply of the Secre-
tary ot tho Navy to tho resolution of tho Senato of
February 18, asking information relative to a settle-
ment mado by the Navy Department with, the Corliss
bteaia-ittigine Company, bo instructed to investigate
too particulars of such settlement, and to report what
action, if any, ought to bo taken on the subject; and
mat said committee have power to send for persons
and papers, and to examine witnesses on oath.
Mr. DRAKE. That might as well lie over
until to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will lie over.
district police court.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 38) to establish
a police court for the District of Columbia,
disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives; and
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Resolved, That tho Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House, and
agree to the conference asked by the House of Rep-
resentatives on tho disagreeing votes of the two
ilouses thereon.
Ordered, That the confereos on the part oftheSen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr. Bayard
the confereos on the part of the Senate.
. JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now more that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 387.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to call up
a little hill I reported last Friday. It is now so
amended that there can be no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to dispose of this bill in regard to the
judicial circuits. We had it up yesterday, and
I think can finish it in fifteen minutes. It is
an important bill for the general interests of
the country. We want to know whether these
circuits are to be changed or not. I have no
objection to the Senator's' bill, excepting that
it is very difficult to get the floor to get up a
bill at all, and I have been trying here for
weeks and weeks to have this bill considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania object to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by the Senator
from Illinois ?
Mr. CAMERON. I do object to it if by so
doing I can get ray bill before the Senate 
Mr. NYE. I have two or three bills I want
to get op before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not a motion to take
up this bill in order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not during
the business of the morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The business of the
morning hour is over.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The Chair
was about inquiring if there were any other res-
olutions to be offered. If there are none, the
nest business in order is the Calendar of res-
olutions laid over. The first resolntion on the
Calendar is one offered by the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] in regard to the print-
ing of extra copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to pass that
over, with a view of proceeding to the consid-
eration of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to pass over the pend-
ing order, with a view to taking up the bill
indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 387) to change
the judicial circuits, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. PEimr, which was,
in the fourth line to strike out the words "and
Connecticut" and insert the word' ''and" be-
tween "Massachusetts" and "Rhode Island,"
and in the fifth line, after "New York," to
insert the words " and Connecticut."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut is to transfer the
State of Connecticut from the New England
circuit to the New York circuit. I do not
wish to make any further remarks on that sub-
ject than I made yesterday. [ hope the Sen-
ate will vote upon it and let it be decided.
Mr. FERRY. I do not care to say anything
more. Let the question bo decided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question, and declared that the ayes appeared
to have it.
_Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division. I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
question, and I ask Senators to vole. I do
not care which way they vote. I have no in-
terest in it. The proposition is to take Con-,
necticut from the first judicial circuit and
attach it to the second. I stated yesterday
that there is more business in the second cir-
cuit, as arranged by the committee, than there
is in the first, and there is more population ;
and the committee thought, in equalizing the
circuits, that Connecticut should* go with the
first circuit. Now the question is, shall Con-
necticut be taken from the first circuit and
added to the second circuit, which already has
more business and population than the first.
All I ask of Senators is to vote, so that the
question may be decided one way or the other.
Mr. PERRY. 1 stated yesterday that in
business connections Connecticut was as much
a part of the circuit of New York as West-
chester of Putnam county, in the State of New
York. We are drawn—we cannot help our-
selves-^-into those business connections, and
jt is an injury to lis to take us away from our
old connection with the State of New York.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
amendment will not prevail. Connecticut is
drawn too much toward New York. I want to
have her restored to New England, and to
become as "clannish" as the rest of us. I
do not desire to have Connecticut annexed to
New York by any sort of means. I trust the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. We have always been there
from the foundation of the Government.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. SCOTT. When this bill was before the
Senate yesterday I was proceeding to call the
attention of the Senate to the disparity of popu-
lation in several of the proposed circuits. 1 do
not do so for the purpose of undertaking a gen-
eral revision of this judicial circuit bill; but
the inequality in the third, fourth, and fifth
circuits is that to which I wish to call special
attention, because I intend to submit an amend-
ment for the purpose of changing those cir-
cuits, one which I think can be made without
disarranging the general features of the bill,
and one which, so far as I have been able to
consult with Senators interested in those cir-
cuits, will be acceptable to them.
I stated yesterday that the population of the
third circuit as now proposed was, according
to the census of 1860, 5,978,730, and that the
population of the fourth circuit was 2,538,972.
At that point the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
stated that I was mistaken in the population
of the fourth circuit. The mistake arose from
glancing at the bill as reported. In the ori-
ginal bill tho fourth circuit contained North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, and Tennessee; but,. as now pro-
posed in the bill, the fourth circuit contains
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas.
It was to that circuit, consisting of Mississippi,
Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, that I was
referring when I stated that the population
was 2,538,972; and I find that I am correct in
that. The population of the fourth circuit, as
now proposed, is only 2,538,972, or a little
more than one third of the population of the
proposed third circuit.
The amendment which I propose is to strike
"Virginia" from tho third circuit and add
it to the fifth, and to strike " Tennessee" from
the fifth circuit and add it to the fourth. If
that bo done, then the third circuit will con-
tain a population of 4,377,415, according to
the census of 1860 ; the fourth circuit a popu-
lation of 3,646,000, very nearly one million
less than the third; and estimating Virginia
at present at 1,000,000, West Virginia having
been taken from it since 1860, and that con-
taining probably half a million, the population
of the fifth circuit would amount to 4,858,902;
thus in point of population much more nearly
equalizing these three circuits.
Nov/-, so far as the business of. the third cir-
cuit, is concerned, if it is permitted to stand as
it is proposed in the bill, I think it will be
manifest to any Senator who will look at it
that it will be imposing upon the circuit judge
of that circuit a much larger degree of labor
than will be imposed upon any other judge in
any circuit in the United States. I have glanced
at the acts of Congress which regulate the terms
that are to be held in these circuits: and as
t,he_ bill is now proposed, without the change
which I shall offer, the terms required to be
held in those circuits will be as follows: in tho
first circuit the circuit judge will be required'
to hold twelve terms in a year; in the second
he will be required to hold six terms. These
_terms, of course, sometimes vary very much
in length. In the second' circuit the terms will
