1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Senators from Mississippi—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
your political medicine to enable liim to vote
the Republican ticket and become a candidate
for office on the Republican ticket; and that is
all yon require of any man.
You love to talk about rebels ; you love to
talk about tbe disloyalmen; how bad the rebels
were, how bad the rebels are.; and you have no
bowels of mercy for them ; but let one of the
most heinous of the transgressors only take
your dose of apothecary's stuff, vote your ticket,
or become a candidate for office on your ticket,
with a pledge of fidelity to Radicalism, and all
the past is forgotten; the Ethiop has changed
his skin, the leopard has lost his spots, and he
who was a great, flagrant transgressor has
become a full-fledged saint!
Sir, we have had some remarkable proofs of
this fact. This is not exactly pertinent to the
question of the admission of Revels to the
Senate; but yet it has some relevancy to the
spirit actuating and governing you in the ad-
mission of llevels. Why, sir, during the prog-
ress of the war the papers were filled daily
with accounts of the havoc which a certain
General Longstreet was making down in the
southern country ; of his gallant dashes, of his
fiery assaults upon the Union forces, and there
was no man in all the southern country who
was esteemed by you a greater rebel or more
deserving of condemnation ; ay, and of a hal-
ter, than General Longstreet. But after the
war General Longstreet took a dose of your
apothecary's stuff and became a genuine Rad-
ical ; and to convince you that he was such he
came here and proffered to givo you the most
convincing proof, and assured you that he
would even condescend to accept the survey-
orship of the port of New Orleans, worth sev-
eral thousand dollars a year. You were satis-
fied that your medicine had not failed to oper-
ate beneficially and powerfully in this case ;
and Longstreet was appointed surveyor of the
port of Now Orleans, and holds the office to-day.
Having given you that evidence of a truly
sound conversion to your political faith, you
admitted him into the family of loyalists, and
he is to day one of your bright and shining
stars!
Sir, your political action in this regard war-
rants me in the expression of the belief that
if you had believed that the State of Missis-
sippi would have gone against you in the late
election unless you could have acquired the
valuable services of Jefferson Davis, and lie
would have consented to become your stand-
ard-bearer and pledged himself to the support
of your principles and your policy in the pres-
ent and future, you would have extended to
him the cordial hand of political fellowship
and welcomed him into the family of political
saints.
Now, Mr. President, 1 come back to the fact
that General Ames never was provisional gov-
ernor of Mississippi. 1 assume it to be a fact
in the light of surrounding circumstances and
from the fact that you denied me this morning
the testimony of the President on this subject.
I assume the fact that he never was provisional
governor of Mississippi except by his own
appointment. Is there anything appertaining
to the duties or to the military office of a ma-
jor general in the Army of the United States
that gives to such an officer the power to
appoint himself, while holding such an office,
provisional governor of a State ? There is not.
General Ames, it is fair to presume, never has
been provisional governor of Mississippi ex-
cept by his own appointment. Only see how
in that unbounded generosity which no doubt
governed him he provided a governor for a
State by the appointment of himself—a very
bountiful provision for a whole State ! Why,
sir, the youth does not look as if his mother
had weaned him long, and I doubt whether she
knows he is out to-day. [Laughter.]
Then, sir, if these things be so the certificate
relied on is not such a certificate as is required
by the provision of the act of Congress which
you yourselves passed. For these reasons I
shall vote for the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, to refer the credentials
of this man to the Judiciary Committee.
But it may be attempted to be answered,
as was suggested yesterday by the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, that
there is other evidence which is even better
than any kind of certificate which could be
presented, and that is what purports to be an
abstract from the proceedings of the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi which was read at the desk.
Now, sir, that abstract never was sent to this
body by any authority of the State of Missis-
sippi. No department of the government of
the State of Mississippi ever forwarded that
abstract to this body. At first the gentlemen
relied upon the certificate signed by General
Ames, styling himself provisional governor.
Subsequently there was handed up to the desk
what purported to be an abstract of the pro-
ceedings of the joint meeting of the two houses
composing the Legislature of Mississippi,
whether in fact an abstract you and no mem-
ber of this body can determine. Who knows
the handwriting attached to it? Who knows
that the persons wlio purport to certify to that
abstract were officers of the State of Missis-
sippi or not? It has not the first pretense to
the character of prima facie evidence, where
ever such evidence is receivable, either in
courts of justice or elsewhere. That, then,
falls to the ground ; and you have no evidence
such as the law requires or upon which you
can base a sound judgment that this man
Revels was ever elected a member of the
Senate of the United States.
This being so, I submit that propriety, that
justice, that right, that the interests not only
of the present, but that the interests which may
be in the future, demand that these papers
should go to the Judiciary Committee, that
they should inquire into the fact of his election,
because the Senate being the judge of the elec-
tions and qualifications of its members, the first
point that I make goes to his election and to
the evidence of that election.
But, Mr. President, 1 advocate the adoption
of the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Now Jersey upon a broader, higher, stronger
ground, and that is that even had the Legisla-
ture of the State of Mississippi elected openly
and squarely this man Revels to the Senate of
the United States, and had that election been
evidenced by such a certificate of election as is
required by the act of Congress, then under
the Constitution of the United States he is not
eligible to a seat in this body. I may be mis-
taken in my views of this question. It is
enough for mo to know that those with whom
I politically act in this body are of the same
opinion. It is enough for me to know that five
years ago nearly every member of this body, if
gentlemen mean to be considered as acting
consistently, entertained the same opinion I do
to-day, ancl I will give you that evidence which
you yourselves have furnished before 1 shall
have done.
I do not wish to deal with this question in
any sly, one-sided, or evasive manner. I wish
to meet the question boldly and squarely, and
assert the principle, which I honestly believe
to be sound, that under the B'edoral Constitu-
tion there is not a negro or mulatto within the
whole limits of the United States to-day who
is eligible to a seat in this body. I know that
we were told yesterday that the changes in the
Constitution had worked wonders; and we had
an exultant speech from the honorable mem-
ber from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] telling us what
wonderful changes the Republican party had
wrought in the country, and how the Constitu-
tion of the country had been by theni changed.
Yes, sir; we read in the leading organ of the
Republican party published in this city, a frank
announcement, made exultingly, that ought to
startle the freemen of America, and wliieh
should rouse them from ocean to ocean and
from the lakes to the Gulf, which should cause
them to consider whether the time has not at
last arrived for them to wake up to the alarm-
ing innovations upon their Constitution, framed
by their worthy and patriotic sires, and which
was intended to be a rich and noble heritage
to them and to their posterity forever. And
what, sir, was that announcement? That in
the last eight years this Government had been
more completely revolutionized than was this
country by the separation of the Colonies from
Great Britain ; that the revolution had been
greater, more thorough, more fundamental,
and invoking Democrats to come up and accept
the situation, the revolution being complete.
Yes, sir, the party which the honorable mem-
ber from Nevada eulogized yesterday has, by
the confession of its leading organ, published
in the capital of the country, under the eyes
of the members of Congress and the Executive,
proclaimed that you have revolutionized the
Government, and that your work has been more
thorough and more complete than was the work
of revolution wrought by your fathers in their
separation from the British Government.
Then, sir, I say to you, addressing you not
as Republicans, but as revolutionists, that
there is one thing, that there is one extent to
which your revolutionary movement has not
carried you yet, and that is to make a negro
or a mulatto eligible to a seat in the Senate
of the United States at the present time.
1" am aware, Mr. President, that you pro-
posed, or undertook to propose, an amendment
to the Constitution to effect that end. So far
as my own individual opinions are concerned
I have no hesitation in avowing them. I think
your fourteenth amendment is no more a part
of tbe Constitution of the United States to-day
than anything which you, while sitting in that
chair, might write upon a piece of paper and
fling upon the floor. But I will not stop to
assign my reasons for cntertainingthatopinion.
If t he occasion should ever require the assign-
ment of reasons I shall be perfectly prepared
and ready to assign them; but I am going to
treat, for the purposes of this argument, this
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution as
you would have it treated, as a valid part of
the Constitution of the United States; and I
say that that docs not make this man Revels
eligible to a seat in the Senate of the United
States. What is that amendment?
"AH person? born or naturalized ill the United
States, anil subject to tho jurisdiction thereof, ara
citizens ol the United States, and of tlie State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of tho United States, nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, orpropcrty with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
That is section one, and the only section
which has any relevancy to the question under
consideration. But my point is this: if Revels
bo not qualified to be a member of the Senate
of the United States otherwise than by this
amendment, then this amendment does not
operate to qualify him ; and why? Because the
third paragraph of section three of the first
article of tbe Constitution declares that—
"No person shall bo a Senator who shall not have
attained tho ago of thirty years, and been niue years
a citizen of tho United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be aninhabitant of that State for which
he shall be chosen."
Then, if Revels was by this constitutional
amendment—treating it as a valid portion of
the Constitution—declared to be a citizen of
the United States, yet if he was not a citizen
of the United States witlnn the meaning of the
Constitution as it stood before the adoption of
this amendment he is not now eligible to a seat
in this body; because this fourteenth article was
