1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be_ much, longer than in many of the other cir-
cuits^ In the third circuit, the Pennsylvania
circuit, the judge will be required to hold six-
teen terms; in the fourth, seven ; in the fifth,
sixteen; in the sixth, eight; in the seventh,
eight; in the eighth, ten; and in the ninth, ten
terms,
I wish ^ to call attention particularly to the
length of the terms that will be required in
the third circuit as now proposed. That cir-
cuit will embrace the cities of Pittsburg, Erie,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore. Itis well known
that a large number of admiralty cases arise
in the cities of Philadelphia, Pittsburg, Erie,
and Baltimore, and in that circuit, which con-
tains also a population largely engaged in man-
ufacturing and mining industries, a largely
developing business, there are a great many
more cases for the United States'courts than
in those circuits which are purely agricultural.
Since this bill has been pending i have writ-
ten to some of the clerks of the courts in that
circuit for the purpose of ascertaining the busi-
ness that will have to be transacted; and Hind
that in Pittsburg the increase of business in
the circuit court since the appointment of J udge
McKennan, since the members of the bar are
assured that they will have a circuit judge who
will' hold their courts, is very large. For in-
stance, in Pittsburg, in the district court, for
the last three years, there were six hundred
and thirty cases brought, or two hundred and
ten annually, wilhout counting the cases 111
bankruptcy, which number over fourteen hun-
dred ; and in the circuit court in 18G9 there
were one hundred and forty cases. But it was
well known that in consequence of .Judge
Grier's physical inability to travel and sit upon
the bench during auyilong period he was not to he
expectedat thecircuitcourts, and consequently
members of the bar preferred going into the
State courts where they could have their eases
tried in some reasonable time. Now, since
Judge McKennan's appointment, there have
been one hundred and lifty eases instituted in
that circuit, court in a period of probably not
more than three months. -
Take, then, the city of Pittsburg, at which
concentrate a large number of railroads, at
which there are business connections running
into all the western States giving rise to liti-
gation which is eminently proper to go into the |
United States courts; take the city of Phila-
delphia; take the city of Baltimore ; and take
the large population which there would be in
this circuit, comprising one lil'th of the whole
population of the United States, And itis per-
fectly manifest that this circuit, as it is now
proposed, is entirely disproportionate, and it
ought to be remodeled.
lwove you, then, Mr. President, to amend
the bill inline seven, by striking out the words
" and Virginia inline fourteen, by inserting
before "North Carolina" the word ''Vir-
ginia;" inline thirteen, by adding the words
" and Tennessee;" and.in thefifteenth line by
striking out the words "and Tennessee." The
effect of the amendment is simply this: it
takes Virginia off the third circuit and adds
Virginia to the fifth circuit, and takes Tennes-
see from the fifth and adds it to the fourth cir-
cuit ; aud so far as I can learn from Senators
who are interested in this question that arrange-
ment will be agreeable to them.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Did I under-
stand the Senator to say that the change in the
circuits which he proposes now is acceptable
to the Senators from those States?
Mr. SCOTT. So far as I can learn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. How many
courts did the Senator say were to be held 111
the fourth circuit as it now stands, as it is pro-
posed in this bill?
Mr. SCOTT. Seven of the circuit court.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. There will be
no less than sixteen in the circuit as it stands.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator must be mis-
taken,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. _ If I under-.
stood the Senator to say that lie had consulted
all the Senators whose Stales would be affected
by the proposed amendment, and that it met
their approbation——-
Mr. SCOTT. I spoke to all who were pres-
ent yesterday. I did not see the'Senator from
Mr," HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent, we of the State of Texas are strongly-
opposed to the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania. The circuit is already very much
too large as proposed by the committee. The
Senator has stated that while there will be
sixteen terms 111 the third circuit there will be
only six in the fourth, as arranged by the com-
mittee. Why, sir, there will be over twenty
courts to be hclden in the fourth circuit, with
tho addition of Tennessee to the circuit.
Mr. SCOTT. You are referring to the dis-
trict courts.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Yes; and
then two districts in Texas, and eight places
of holding the courts annually in that State
alone. There ought to be a circuit judge
present in each court, or a supreme judge.
Now, the population is no basis, or, at any
rate, it is not the most important basis that
should bo considered when wo arc arranging
circuits for the United States courts. The
lifth circuit now consists of Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas. I think that is the way the circuit now
stands. Why, sir, that stretches half across the
continent,, and move. It is a distance, from
Savannah, Georgia, to El Paso in Texas, of
not less than twenty-five hundred miles,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mistaken.
Geoigia is not in the same circuit with Texas
by this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am speaking
of the circuit as it is now arranged. I am
resisting the proposition made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania. The circuit is large enough
as proposed now, in all conscience.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Texas mis-
apprehends it, because the fourth circuit, as now
proposed, is to consist of Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas, and Arkansas.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. But you pro-
pose to add Tennessee to it?
Mr. SCOTT. I propose to add Tennessee
to il.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. President,
this bill was reported with amendments from
the Judiciary Committee 011 the 01 h of Feb-
ruary. I regret that some one from my own
section could not have been before the com-
mittee, because I think the necessity for an
increase of the number of circuit judges could
have been shown ; in which case, notwithstand-
ing the disinclination of Senators to multiplying
Federal courts and judges, I feel persuaded
that some increase to the number of circuit
judges would have been recommended bv the
committee.
If the United States circuit'judges are con-
sidered necessary, and are intended by the
law to be provided as a part of the Federal
inaehineiy in the different SUtct. then there is
an entire failure of the system, which requires
remedy so far us it applies to 'I'exns. There
are two districts in that, State, and lour places
of holding the Federal courts, while the cir-
cuit, of which these districts form, a part as
now organized, extends Irom the mouth of the
Savannah river toBl Paso on the Rio Grande,
a distance of over twenty-live hundied miles,
stretching two thirds across the continent. The
circuit judge, consistently with his duties, can-
not hold the courts in one half the circuit, and
if he commences east and works westward there
is no certainty or even probability that he will
ever reach Texas at all.
The proper and efficient organization of the
Federal couits in the State3 lately in rebellion
is of very great importance to the people of
those States, and scarcely less so to^ the citi-
zens of other States and to the subjects and
citizens of other Governments who have inter-.
ests or property, ia those States, or who travel
therein. Congress ought to so arrange the
circuits that there would be a feir probability
that the circuit judge could hold each court hi
his circuit, otherwise it is a merely nominal
and delusive office. Principle and consistency
ought to govern throughout. If the circuit
judge is a proper adjunct to the Federal judi-
oiary system, then there should be a sufficient
number appointed to fulfill their duties thor-
oughly. Is there any reason, other, than" the
increased expense, why this cg.nnot be done?
I submit, Mr. President, that a circuit court
implies a circuit judge, and there should always
be a circuit judge to preside in -the circuit
court; otherwise the district judge decides all
cases without appeal up to $2,000. This is a
greater power than anyone man ought to pos-
sess in any portion of the Union; and espe-
cially in that portion of it wliero the laws to be
administered are distasteful to the ruling class,
and where, from the general participation .on
the part of the members of the bar in the rebel-
lion, the material from which tho bench is to be
recruited, or at least ought to be, has been so
greatly reduced, both in respect to quantity
and quality. Consider, Mr. President, if in
our State courts all decisions of district judges
wore final below $2,000, that would include,
perhaps, seven tenths of all the cases ; and our
State district judges are drawn from the samo
sources of supply and compare favorably with
those of tho United States in the same locali-
ties. The arbitrary and peremptory authority
which maybe exercised by a judge thus uncon-
trolled is enormous. Nothing could bo better
calculated to render a good judge unpopular
and unacceptable, or to develop the evils and
give opportunities to wroug in judges with any
weakness or vice in their composition.
The State of Texas ought to constitute ono
circuit, for which a circuit judge should bo
appointed. He would- have to hold court at
four places, Tyler, Austin, Galveston, and
Brownsville, and twice a year at each, eight
courts annually. The present terms by law
commence at Austin, first Mondays in January
and June; at Tyler, first Mondays in March
and November; at Galveston, first Mondays
m May and December ; at Brownsville, first
Mondays in March and October ; and 1 believe
it is generally conceded that the dockets at
Austin aud Galveston have never since tho
organization of tho courts been finished'in a
month, and each of the other courts will re-
quire a month, including travel to and fro, for
which the facilities are for the most part very
poor, and the distance between points not less
than a thousand miles each way, i. e. two thou-
sand miles a year travel to get to his courts.
This makes at the least eight months in the
year to be devoted by the judge to the actual
holding of and travel to and from his courts.
This is the minimum. He could no year got
through the business in a shorter time, but
would generally exceed that. This is as much
service as any public officer ought to be re-
quired to perform and give the proper time for
rest and relaxation during'the long summers
of that latitude.
It is a full average ; besides it must be re-
membered that several of the places fixeiby
law for the holding of the courts in that district
are subject to yellow lever for three months in
the year. Though it may not make its appear-
ance for several years at a time, yet persons
unacclimated are afraid to expose themselves
to it; and would be unjust to require the
judges, attorneys, jurors, witnesses, and liti-
gants to attend court during the yellow fever
season at any point 011 the coast. Then it
would be difficult to so arrange the time for
holding the courts in the respective^ States
within the eight months as not to conflict.* It
would be impossible for the same circuit judge
to hold all the courts, either with or without
Arkansas included. Let any one try to arrange
the series of courts annually for Texas, Louis-
iana, Arkansas, and Mississippi alone which
