8974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
will not conflict, which will suffice for the judi-
cial business, and which any one judge can
hold. It will be found impossible to do it,
undertaken simply with reference"to the courts
themselves. But then it must be regarded
that the Federal courts are only part of an
entire system provided for the public interests,
and that in fixing their number, time, &c.,
there must be some reference to other courts,
so as best to subserve the public convenience.
The time for holding the courts at Jackson,
Mississippi, New Orleans, Little Rock, and
Galveston, or any other point, should take
into calculation its conflict with other courts,
the healthy season, and other relative events,
and not simply a mere succession of so many
days or weeks.
Allowing it to be possible to arrange the
courts so as not to conflict by counting in the
■whole twelve months, I submit that it ought
not to be a matter of such nice calculation
that by a few days' sickness, detention by miss-
ing a connection in traveling, or from other
causes, the judge would be constantly missing
his courts. The circuit should be such that
the judge can certainly and conveniently hold
all the courts of his circuit. The courts should
be always held, and so held as to command
confidence, to fulfill wisely that large share of
the administration of private justice between
the people of the United States, which i^ in-
trusted to the national Government, as well
as to uphold firmly and vigorously all those
powers tobe enforced bythe national judiciary.
There is in the altered state of the Constitution
and laws within the past few years an immense
accession of the duties of the nationaljudiciary,
independent of the increase of business con-
sequent upon the growth of the country, its
commerce, the rapidity of intercommunica-
tion, the mammoth corporations growing up
on every hand, to say nothing of the legisla-
tion growing out of the rebellion, reconstruc-
tion, an d provincial governments which may be
required to be enforced in the Federal courts,
have added greatly to the jurisdiction of these
tribunals; and moreover, the revenue service,
to be efficient and honest, needs the means of
prompt resort to the courts.
One of the gravest and most common com-
plaints against the people of Texas and the
other southwestern States has been, and con-
tinues to be, their violations of law. Now, how
does the general Government perform its duty
in upholding and enforcing the laws enacted
aud^ to be administered by it? What is its
judicial organization for Texas, its provision
for securing that measure of civil justice be-
tween man and man, and the enforcement and
respcct for tho national laws? The simple an-
swer to these questions furnishes an unanswer-
able argument in favor of an increase of the
circuit judges. When the Federal Government
shall have done its full duty in this regard this
reproach will be in part removed from the peo-
ple of those States and against the Government
as well, for reproach must ever attach to Gov-
ernments any portion of whose people are law-
less and ungovernable.
It is estimated that the business in the Fed-
eral courts in Texas exceeds in the number
an4 importance of the cases that in all the other
States m the fifth circuit, as now organized,
combined, excluding the cases arising in the
city of New Orleans. This grows out of the
land system inherited from Spain and Mexico,
and the very large amount of lands held by
non-residents of the State.
A circuit judge sitting at each place in the
circuit court in conjunction with the district
judge, or hearing appeals from the district
judge, would be a palpable improvement upon
the past andpresent practice. It would impart
to the courts far greater efficiency as well as
professional and public confidence. It is now
twenty-five years since Texas first entered the
Union, and down to this date, or within the
lust few weeks, the United States district judges
liuvo held their court* unassisted, and hence
have settled all matters brought before them
under $2,000 in value absolutely. Our expe-
rience in this regard has been so sad in its
results as to make the change proposed very
desirable, not only to the profession of the law,
but to the people, both at home and abroad.
It will be peculiarly gratifying to the colored
people, whose rights and liberties have been
no better protected hitherto in the Federal
courts than in the State tribunals.
The number of circuit court judges now cor-
responds to the number of Supreme Court
judges. So it is proposed in the original bill
under consideration, and in the modifications
thereof proposed bythe Judiciary Committee;
so, too, in the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts. Is this an abso-
lute necessity of the system, or is it only an
accidental or arbitrary arrangement ? Is it not
competent, without a radical change in the sys-
tem, to let the present circuits, so far as the
Supreme judges are concerned, remain, and to
so multiply the circuit judges as for one to be
present to hold a circuit court whenever one is
needed? If this can be done, and I am advised
by eminent lawyers that there is no reason why
it should not be done, the Supreme judges
might, when their convenience would admit of
it, go round on their respective circuits and sit
also in the circuit courts, as at present. If this
would not change the principle upon which the
system is organized, and the question is one
only of the expense involved in the increase of
the number of circuit judges, it would seem
that we should not hesitate to authorize as
many judges as the necessities of the people
require. Suppose the number of circuit judges
required in order to enable one to be present
and sitting in every district court should double
the number now allowed bylaw, the additional
charge upon the Treasury would be less than
fifty thousand dollars, a sum utterly insignifi-
cant in comparison with the benefits which
would surely result to the people in the better
administration of public justice. The amount
would be returned to the Treasury fourfold in
the increased efficiency of the revenue service
throughout the country. If the labor is as
heavy in some of the other States as it is in
Texas, I think they, too, as well as several of
the larger cities, should have a circuit judge
each. The expense, as before stated, is a mere
trifle, not worth consideration. Many such
sums are voted every year for objects far less
needful.
In the younger States non-residents are much
more inclined than in the older ones to seek
their remedies in the Federal courts; still more
will this be the case in the reconstructed ones.
The reason is too obvious to require argument.
Besides, the recently emancipated people of
those districts will be constantly appealing to
those courts, provided they hold out any prom-
ise of redress from the popular prejudice which
still surrounds and pervades most of the local
tribunals. They have not done so hitherto in
Texas because the Federal courts there have
been subject to the same objections which lie
against the State courts. They have inspired
no confidence in the colored people, or in the
white people either, for that matter. The
dockets of these courts disclose the entire want
of confidence; for of the very great many and
aggravated violations of the civil rights act,
scarcely a trace can be found of any proceed-
ings growing out of these great wrongs. These,
it is submitted, are conclusive reasons why the
Federal courts in Texas should have the organ-
ization appropriate to the administration of
justice, and be rendered at once most efficient
and satisfactory from the character and confi-
dence which a circuit judge would impart to
the system.
I have heard the opinion expressed by per-
sons competent to form a correct judgment
that there is more business in the Federal
courts in any one of the southern or north-
western States than in several of the central
and eastern States combined. I do not know
how that is. Doubtless in old and well-reg-
ulated communities there is less litigation;
besides, the high character of their State courts
challenges the confidence of the public as fully
as the Federal courts, and hence relieve the
latter in a very great degree.
I speak, Mr. President, for my own section.
I know what our needs are in this respcct.
A circuit judge would be worked sufficiently to
perform faithfully the duties of his office in that
State alone. I am persuaded that there will
in the 'future be more business in the Federal
courts of Texas than perhaps any other State in
the Union. If other States also require separate
circuits and separate circuit judges, they ought,
in my opinion, to have them. If the increase
of the number to, say, fifteen to eighteen instead
of nine will appreciably help in the enforcement
of the law and the administration of justice
throughout the country it will be motley well
expended. Fifty thousand dollars in addition
to the sum now required for the proper, wise,
and efficient organization of the tribunals of
public justice throughout the United States is too
small a sum to require the least consideration.
Texas has now a circuit court, Mr. Pres-
ident, but we have no circuit judge to sit in
that court. Shall we have one? It may be
objected that we are asking for more than we
are entitled to; that Illinois, Louisiana, and
perhaps other States besides New York are
entitled to separate circuits and separate cir-
cuit judges equally with Texas; and that the
three Stales of Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Texas form about an average circuit. But
what is the basis of the average ? If it be num-
ber of States, that is evidently no proper or
logical basis. The judge of the New England
circuit can probably make the distance from
one extreme of his circuit to the other in twenty -
four hours. But from the northern district in
Mississippi to Brownsville, Texas, is a week's
travel, with the opportunity of making it at all
only once in two weeks. To Tyler, Texas, is
a still longer and more difficult trip.
Persons from the North and East cannot
appreciate the difference between ttie facilities
of traveling and communication in most of
their own States and those of the Southwest.
If the number of courts be the basis, inthefirst
circuit, (the New England circuit,) there are
eight courts annually, I believe ; whereas in a
circuit composed of Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas there would be twenty courts annu-
ally, would there not, none of the former sep-
arated by more than twelve hours' travel, the
latter requiring weeks of laborious and expens-
ive travel? In the former the judge is easily
accessible by attorneys or suitors from any part
of the circuit in a day, and he can resptnid to
any emergency of business by readily repairing
to any of his courts. But what facilities for
justice would a judge in Mississippi afford to a
suitor in_ eastern or western Texas? Or what
end of justice could be so pressing, out of
regular term time, as, to induce the judge in
Mississippi to post off to Tyler or Austin ?
The judges of the Supreme Court can be of
practical aid in the circuit courts in the East
and North; but in such a circuit as the fifth
now is, or as that proposed by the bill under
consideration, the supreme judge would not
visit all his courts once in ten years.
We shall at tha proper time insist that such
provision shall be made as our condition ter-
ritorially and judicially requires, without re-
spect to any principle of general average as
compared with other States. It is too late in
the present session ; and I do not now propose
to disturb the arrangement of the circuits pro-
posed by the Judiciary Committee. It would
be useless to do so. The like or even greater
necessity may be shown for separate circuit
judges for other States and cities. If so, they
shosld have them by all means.
The circuits should not be so large in the
southern States as to make it impossible or even
inconvenient for the circuit judge to be pres-
ent at every court in his circuit. The Federal
