128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 24,
Sestate.
Senators from Mississippi—Mr. Saulsbury.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
only declared to have been adopted as a part
of tlic Constitution in the year 1868, and it
would require that be should have been a citi-
zen nine years after the adoption of that amend-
ment. Therefore, if yon rely upon the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, which
you declare to be a part of the Constitution, as
rendering him eligible to the position of Sen-
ator upon this floor, my answer to that is that
nine years not having elapsed since he became
a citizen of the United States by virtue of that
provision of the Constitution, he is prevented
by the third paragraph of the third section of
the first article from being a Senator in this
body, because that requires that he shall have
been a citizen for nine years.
I will not elaborate this point. The bare
statement of it, if that be the basis of your
claim for his eligibility to a seat on this floor,
is sufficient to show his ineligibility. But, sir,
1 may be answered that he was a citizen of the
United States by virtue of some other action
ol' Congress than the fourteenth amendment.
It may bo claimed that he was a citizen of the
United States by virtue of the passage by Con-
gress of what is termed the civil rights bill.
Well, ray opinion of the civil rights bill is just
about the same as it is of the fourteenth amend-
ment.; but for the purposes of this argument I
treat it as valid and binding. Then, my answer
to the claim of citizenship arising from the pas-
sage of the civil rights bill is that that was passed
in I860; and if his citizenship was created by
that act, then the nine years have not elapsed
since the passage of the act, and since he thus
became a citizen.
But, Mr. President, it may be said that he
was a citizen long before the passage of the
civil rights bill and the adoption of the four-
teen! h amendment. 1 know, sir, how pro-
gressive revolutionists generally are; and the
sell'proclaimed revolutionists of the present
day hive shown themselves to be no less pro-
gressive; than the revolutionists of every former
period, of every former age, and of every other
country. No doubt, sir, the exigencies of party
may have induced you to come to the conclu-
sion that what none of you believed ten or
fifteen years ago is true, and that every negro,
especially free negro or free mulatto, in the
United States is a citizen of the United States
because he was bom on the soil of the United
States.
Wo were told yesterday by tho honorable
member from Nevada that ho never expected
t.o hear the Dred Scott decision cited iu the
Senate of I ho United States, or anywhere else,
as law. _He volunteered tho expression of his
opinion in reference to Chief Justice Taney in
no very complimentary terms. Sir, he acted
but in accordance with the spirit of the times.
Those arc times when tho great intellectual
luminaries of tho world, of every age, of every
country, and especially of this country and the
past years of this country, are treated sneer-
ingly, their abilities decried, their honest fame
attempted to be_ tarnished. These men were
giants!—great, intellectual, mighty giants, in
comparison to whom the dwarfed intellects of
the present hour are but pigmies perched on
Alps. These are times when the utterances
of such men are derided, when the characters
of such men are maligned by the revolutionists
of the present day.
Sir, 1 shall enter into no eulogy upon Chief
Justice Taney, into no defense of the purity of
his character, the high manliness and nobility
ot his nature. In the records of his history,
and in the recollection of all thethoughtfuland
wise who knew him when alive, he stands well;
and now that " life's fitful fever is o'er" his
character can suffer no disparagement, not
even in the Senate Chamber of the United
States, by such accusations as have been re-
peal edly hurled against his memory.
But we were told by the honorable member
fromNevadathat when theDred Scottdecision
was made it thrilled the whole land ; he told
us how it shocked the sensibilities of the whole
country; how it outraged public sentiment;
and how a wonderful and unchangeable re-
versal of that opinion had taken place; and we
were told of the glorious results which have
followed that reversal. The high court of
errors and appeals, lauded by the Senator,
that sat in judgment upon the decision of that
learned and able jurist, and not only of him,
but of the courtthatwiited in opinion with him.
was the popular mob. That was the tribunal
to whorn the appeal was taken ; and the mob,
we were told, gave a decision reversing the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States. That, sir, again is iu accordance with
the spirit of revolution. Revolutionists always
appeal to the mob to decide contrary to law.
The law is in their way. It is necessary to
destroy or defy the law; and hence it is that
instead of meeting the decisions of law in a
legal forum they appeal to the passions of
the maddened hour, and an ignoi-ant judge is
a better instrument for the purposes of tho
reversal than a learned one.
But, Mr. President, the answer that I make
to the suggestion is this: that at the time that
decision was made, and subsequently, no party
in the United States went before the people
and took issue with that portion of tho decision
which has relevancy to thequpstion now under
discussion. When that court decided that it
was not within the constitutional power of Con-
gress to prohibit slavery in the Territories, but
that the owners of slaves might take them into
any Territory of the United States until they
were prohibited by the action of the State,
when the Territory should become organized
into a State, it was then that politicians, seeing
the strength of the North to be numerically so
lttueh greater than that of the South, thought
it was a good time to build up a great, strong,
powerful northern party ; and they took issue
with the decision upon those points to appeal
to the people, and talked about slavery's ex-
tending itself over the northern Territories and
into the northern States ; and then was heard
the declaration of one of your political saints,
now passed from earth, that this country must
become either all slaveholding or all free ; that
a house divided against itself could not stand.
It was upon those points that your people of
tho North took issue with the Supreme Court,
and said that the court went beyond the ques-
tion before it, the question as to the citizenship
of Dred Scott, andassumed todecide questions
not properly in the ease.
You nowhere took issue with that decision
before your people, according to my recollec-
tion, in reference to tho question or the pro-
Sriety of the decision as to the point whether
'red Scott was a citizen of the United States,
or \vhether a free negro or a free mulatto could
be a citizen of the United States. You did
not think that there was enough in that ques-
tion to arouse the passions of the northern
people; and I appeal to you, sir, whether any
party made this issue in the struggles of that
day, and whether anywhere before your people
you took issue with the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in reference to the
citizenship of a negro or mulatto, whether free
or slave. You knowyou did not. lrou acqui-
esced in it. Why, sir, you have been acqui-
escing in it ever since. With all your abuse
of Chief Justice Taney and the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, youhave
never abused him or the court for deciding that
a free negro or a slave negro or a mulatto was
not a citizen of the United States.
Why, sir, during this session the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Trumbull,] who, Ibelieve, is considered sound
in the political faith of modern Republicanism,
car levolutionism, whichever it may be, has
given some utterances upon this subject. It
is true in regard to the honorable Senator from
Illinois, and it is true in relation to some of
his colleagues, that sometimes good, sound
principles of constitutional law get possession
of their minds and influence their action tem-
porarily, and they apparently separate from
the majority of their associates on this, floor.
But they in a very few days do something or
other to rehabilitate themselves with their
party, as chances present themselves to them,
and thus convince their associates that their
political orthodoxy is not to be doubted.
And although it 13 true that the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee has occa-
sionally announced very good State-rights doc-
trines and very sound constitutional law, yet,
to show that he is just as sound as any of you,
he introduced here a bill to define the jurisdic-
tion of the Supreme Court of the United States,
which no doubt he thought, which at least he
had a right to think, would bo convincing
proof that he was just as progressive as any
of you. I am not going to argue that bill now;
but in the speech which he made in advocacy
of that bill he said that there had been very
few instances where the Supreme Court of the
United States had decided an act of Congress
to be unconstitutional, and he justified the
Supreme Court in deciding certain acts to be
unconstitutional. Not more than half a dozen
had ever been decided to be unconstitutional;
but in rendering the decisions there had been
obiter dicta; the judges had talked too much ;
and here is what he said about the Dred Scott
decision:
" Why, sir, take the famous Ih-ed Scott ease, and
what was the decision in it? Simply that the circuit
court liaii no jurisdiction of tho case; that was all
there was in it; that Dred Scott was not a citizen
within the meaning of tho Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States so as to authorize him to biing a suit in
the Federal courts. That was all thine was of the
decision; but the court traveled beyondthat. -md
undertook to declare what the powers of Congress
were ovor the Territories ot the "United States;
undertook to toll what laws Congress might pa s, not,
in reference to the citizenship of l)red Hoot!, but us
to whether slavery could go into the Territories of
the United States."
Now, sir, even so late as this very session
of Congress the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, high upon your books, sound in
the faith, refers to the Dred Scott decision,
and he says that the only question in the case
was whether Dred Scott was a citizen of the
United States; and he has not one word of
disapproval of the decision in that regard, but
only 111 reference to the other matters which I
have stated.
Mr. President, I promised to show you that
you yourselves, as a political party, have recog-
nized the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States in the Dred Scott case iu
reference to the citizenship of negroes and
mulattoes to be sound law, and I proceed to
give you that evidence. I have too much
respect for your intelligence as gentlemen, as
members of a great political organization, and
foryour characters as consistent men, to believe
that you would do an unmeaning thing, an
inconsistent thing, and 1 claim now only for
my view of your action in this regard that
which you yourselves claim for it in regard to
everything else ; I claim for it consistency.
If you did not believe that the decision in the
Dred Scott case was true constitutional law,
and that a negro or mulatto was not, within
the meaning of the Constitution of the United
States, such a citizen of the United States as
was contemplated at tho time of the adoption
of the Constitution, I ask you why did you
pass the civil rights bill?
You passed the civil rights bill in 18G-6, which
declares—
" That all persons born in the United States, and
not subjcct to any foreign Power, (excluding Indians
not taxed,) are hereby deelared to b® eitiaena 01 the
United States."
