1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
and if he will not I will show to him that fruits
are already undoubtedly included in the sched-
ules provided.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have the
tables before me, and I have carefully looked
them through, and I do not find " fruits." I
am apprehensive that what is not actually
included in the schedules as printed in the
statutes there is no authority of law_ to take,
and, therefore, I prefer to have them included.
After the word "libraries," I ask to have
the words " public and private" inserted. The
private libraries of this country are already
large and of very great importance, much more
important than many public libraries of acad-
emies and colleges that are taken. I desire to
have them also enumerated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After all,
Mr. President, I am not sure that a single pro-
vision allowing the Secretary of the Interior,
according to his best judgment, to enlarge
the schedules, where it would not materially
increase the cost, would not be better than even
to particularize anything.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that would be
better myself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my amendment, then, still furthur, by inserting
after the word " lands" the words " and such
other subjects as the Secretary of the Interior
may prescribe, and which will not materially
increase the cost of taking the census."
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the fact that I find
expressly stated in the schedules, as'well as
clearly included in addition in the headings
of the schedules " value of orchard products."
Mr. MORTON. Are the schedules part of
the law?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg leave
to remind the Senator that all fruits do not
grow in orchards.
Mr. CONKLING. What kind of fruit does
the Senator refer io?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Strawberries.
Mr. CONKLING. They are included in
another column, being " products of the gar-
den."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Grapesgrow
in vineyards.
Mr. CONKLING. And they are included
otherwise, as the Senator has already stated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But I answer
the question of the Senator in relation to his
idea abont so many things being included in
the law. I think he is clearly mistaken. He
undertakes to satisfy me privately that many
of these raw materials are included in schedule
No. 4, but that manifestly refers merely to the
raw material that is used in the manufactures,
and then refers to the number of hands and
average employes in such manufactures and
their wages, and at the end comes the product.
Certainly whether the Senator from New York
or myself be right there can be no objection
even in including what he says is already in the
statute. I think it is not.
But I am very earnest in my desire to have
this bill disposed of in order that the Senate
may go about other business that is pressing
upon us; and I may say that during my expe-
rience in Congress I have never known busi-
ness lagging so far behind at this period of the
session as it does at the present moment.
Now, Mr. President, I ask to have the amend-
ment which I have offered and which is now
pending, modified as I have indicated, read, and
I hope the Senate will consent to have a vote
upon it and decide the question whether they
will amend the proposition of the committee
or whether they will adhere to the House bill.
I think: the Senator from New York will be
willing to agree at least to that, because it will
settle the question so far as the House bill and
theamendmentof the committee are concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
, amendment, as modified, now reads:
And also to enlarge the same so as to include the
. subjects of petroleum, sorghum, molasses, fruits,
ice. wine, peanuts, silk, libraries.^ publio and pn-
> vate: telegraphs, railroads, fisheries, and area of
: timber lands, and such other subjects as the Seore-
tary of tho Interior may prescribe, and which will
not materially increase the cost of takincthq census:
Provided, That tho Secretary of the Interior shall
have power to increase the compensation of assist-
antsof subdivisions.not exceeding thesutu of twentj;-
fivo per cent, in any case, when in his judgment it
may be proper and necessary.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Vermont now, excepting railroads and tele-
graphs, to name one specification which is not
included in the law as it stands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will name
the area of timber lands; I will name private
' libraries ; I will name peanuts 
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator if he
will pause one moment; to save time we may
as well consider these things separately. Not
only in the schedule but in the census of I860
is " lands improved," the acresgivenby States,
and in the larger table by counties and smaller
precincts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg the Sen-
ator to understand that is not the information
which I seek. It is the area of timber land.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
will be patient I will come to the next column,
" acres of land unimproved," given by States,
and given in the larger tables more definitely.
Now, the only question that can be made is
between forests and other unimproved lands.
: I need not say to the Senator from Vermont,
as was said so often in the debates of 1850,
that it is impossible to draw such a line. Any
man who has gone as far west as the Missis-
sippi river knows the truth of what I say. Un-
improved lands with straggling trees, scrub*
oaks, and the like—is it forest, is it woodland
, or not? Thus, in rejecting the phraseology
' which is now proposed those who framed the
; existing law said that the best discrimination
feasible was between improved and unimproved
' lands, because it was impossible to affirm of
numbers of acres and miles whether it would
be most justly denominated woodland or forest,
i or simply unimproved land.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. The public domain is divided
: into lands which are surveyed and those which
are not. Land which is not surveyed you can-
! not tell anything about, whether it is timbered
or not. Lands which are surveyed you get
! at the Land Office the best description of in
the world—of the character of the timber, and
■ whether there is any or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But what we
i seek is information in relation to the older
|i States. I will say to the Senator from New
'! York that he will find throughout the county
I; where he resides that when any farm is adver-
:! tised for sale the advertisement expressly states
how many acres of timber land there are upon
it, and that is an important element in the
consideration of its value. This information
every man that owns a farm possesses for him-
self. We do not expect to obtain information
in relation to straggling trees.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will
allow me to aid his argument, I will say to
him that one of the means whereby lawyers
live in the State of New York is litigation
growing out of the question whether an adver-
tisement saying that so much woodland exists
| is true or false, there being a perpetual con-
1 troversy what is and what is not woodland. I
j; interrupted the Senator from Vermont as he
jj was proceeding for the purpose of considering
;| one by one these suggestions. Let us pass
|j from land, and I ask him to give me the next
l| item, which, he says, is not included in the
'i law, for he has it before him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not like
to keep the Senate engaged in a colloquy be-
tween the Senator from New York and myself,
I have read the hst, and he has the amend-
ment before hiin.
Mr. CONKLING. I have it not before me,
i and if the Senator will be kind enough to read
the list oue at a time, pausing at each, I shall
be obliged to liiin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment includes petroleum, sorghum molasses,
fruits 
Mr. CONKLING. Now pause with petro-
1 leum and hear me one instant. I say to the
; Senator now that petroleum i3 included in the
, law as it stands, included historically in the
! body of the work, and tabulated and at large
' in the table which I now present to the Senate.
i Can it be worth while for us to consider the
question of amending the law so as to include
it? Here it is, the whole thing, "coal-oil,
kerosene, petroleum." There it is in the sched-
! ule and in the law.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
I ator from New York will read the law he will
| find that there is no general provision by which
! it could be included. He will not find it in the
printed tables as published in the law of 1850,
and I take it that that is sufficient for me to
' doubt whether there is any legal authority to
take these statistics.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator says it did
not appear in the tables of 1850. Does his
I memory enable him to say that there was petro-
: leum in 1850 produced?
i Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
, say anything about the tables of 1850 as issued.
! I was speaking of the law.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator did say so.
Perhaps he said it inadvertently. Now, Mr.
President, schedule four is entitled " products
\ of industry." It was made elastic on purpose,
!! not like the House schedule, containing every-
i thing in localities where'they might not be
' found, but to apply to different localities, and
' the direction was to fill up the blank with the
i'1 product of industry which was there produced.
|! I have before me one of the schedules filled
ji up in 1860, and I sajr to the Senator that- iu this
schedule, provided lor by the law under the
appropriate headings,.and published in the
table, is this very matter oi petroleum. If
there can be any question about it, so be it;
il but there is the fact and there is the law.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from New York a question, and that
is whether there is any provision in the old law
of 1850 by which the Secretary of the Interior
or the Commissioner of the Census would be
■ enabled, without respect to local returns, to
make up a tabular statement of the business,
I capital, &c., of railroads; or would they get
i local returns by direct correspondence with all
ii the railroads in the United States?
ij Mr. CONKLING. I am not certain aTjout
| that; and I was going to observe that the
!j amendment of the Senator from Vermont spe-
ji cifyingrailroads and telegraphs, specifie.s two
lj objects which cannot, I think, be found in the
ji existing schedules, and they are the only two;
ii and I submit to the honorable Senator from
j Ohio, as the form of his question suggests, that
' such things would be wholly inappropriate in
schedules to be sent out to enumerators at
large. What business man under heaven would
ever think of ascertaining the statistics of rail-
i roads in this country by sending out into two
i: hundred and fifty congressional districts sched-
[• ules to have railroads in, or telegraphs either?
l! Mr. SHERMAN. One other point. 1 agree
ij that this information cannot be got from local
examination. Is there any provision in the
ii law by which the Secretary of the Interior or
! the Commissioner of the Census may gather
it from other sources by corresponding wit i
different railroad companies and give it
us? Poor's Manual furnishes us in a private
book, published for private sale, nearly all
information that probably could be collec
