4918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Mr. NYE. I wish the Senator from Indiana
would waive his motion for the present and
allow us to take a vote on the pending bill.
Mr. MORTON. If the vote can be taken
without further debate I will waive my motion,
say for eight minutes. I desire to make it
before one o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Indiana, that it was agreed by
unanimous consent last night to take the vote
on this bill during the morning hour.
Mr. MORTON. Will the vote be taken with-
out further debate?
Mr. NYE. Yes; I have no idea that it will
be debated further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana withdraws his motion. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
• The question being taken by years and nays,
resulted—yaes 20, nays 20; as follows:
Y12AS—Messrs. Acnes, Bayard, ISoreman, Carpen-
ter, Cole, Conkling, Oorb.ett, Cragin, Davis, Ferry,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, IIowcll,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman, Victors,
Warner, Witley.and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott,Chandler, Drake, Gilbert,
Harris. Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald,
Kye, Ramsey, Rico, Robertson, Sawyer, Schura,
Scott. Stewart. Sumner, Williams, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Edmunds,
Ponton, Iflanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas,
Howe, Lewi', McCrecry, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ilevels, Ross,
Stockton, Thayer, Tipton, and Trumbull—2G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. As there cannot be another
vote taken by yeas and nays within the morn-
ing hour, I now renew my motion to proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that is a motion to
postpone the tax bill, I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Amos, Cameron. Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Cole.Conkline, Corbett,Cragin, Drake,
Fen ton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howell,
McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Spencer, Spraguc, Stewart, Thayer, War-
ner. and Williams—29.
N AY S—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman.Cassorl y, Davis,
Pony, bowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris. Howe,
Johnston.Koliogg.MorriU of Vermont, Rice, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,, Sherman,
Sumner, Thurman, Vickers, Willoy, Wilson, and
Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cattell, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Patterson, Pratt, Rcvols, Ross, Stockton, Tipton,
and Trumbull—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ltATLKOAD.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the doors are
closed, I desire to make the motion that we
take up the Southern Pacific railroad bill for
the special correction that I mentioned a few
moments ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania, pending the executive ses-
sion, asks that the Southern Pacific railroad
bill be amended as be has stated.
. Mr. CASSERLY. I must insist on my
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. Before the doors are closed the Chair
will lnv before the Senate two House bills for
reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 1914) to relieve the
estate held by Louis M. Edge from succession
tax .and stamp tax, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 353) for the
disiribution of moneys paid or to be paid by
the republic of Venezuela, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
_ The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
half an hour spent therein, the doors were
reopened; when the tax bill (H. R. No.'2045)
was temporarily laid aside for the presentation
of morning business.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Cicero J. Steele, of Lewisville, La Fayette
county, Arkansas, praying for the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. I present ten petitions of
E. L. Norton, Alexander M. Campbell, William
A. Maxwell, and numerous others, citizens of
Kansas, residing on and near the proposed
line of the Prestou, Salina, and Denver rail-
road, respectfully praying Congress to enact
at the present session a law granting lands in
aid of the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line between Salina, Kansas, and Pres-
ton, Texas, so far as the same shall run through
the State of Kansas. I move the reference of
these petitions to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a petition of
draw-keepers on the Long and Navy-Yard
bridges, praying compensation for extra time
employed beyond a legal day's work, stating
the reasons at length in their petition why
their prayer should be granted. They repre-
sent that they arc required to open tho draws
of their respective bridges at all times between
sunrise and sunset during the entire year, and
that consequently they must be at their posts
at sunrise and remain until sunset, and that
for a great portion of tho year they are em-
ployed fourteen and fifteen hours per day, the
shortest month averaging nine hours and the
longest fifteen hours per day, making an aver-
age of over half a day extra labor the year
round, for which they ask to be compensated
at the same rate as their per dicrri pay. I
commend this petition to the favorable con-
sideration of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, and I move its reference
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
merchants and importers of New Orleans,
praying that the duties on Vermouth may be
fixed at tho same rates as those upon wine;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
MIKING CLAIMS.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
report:
The committee of conferenco on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments ot'the
Sonate to the bill (H. R. No. 562) to amend an act
granting the right ot way to ditch and canal owners
over the public lands, and l'or other purposes, hav-
ing met, after full artd free eonfercneo have spread
to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from amendment numbored
1, with an amendment, as follows: insert after
the word " claims," m line two, page 2 of the bill, tho
following words : " of any size, although such el.iims
may be less than ten acres eachaud tho House of
Representatives agree to the same.
That the Sonate recede from amendment num-
bered 2.
That the Senate recede fiom amendment numbered
3, with an amendmont, as follows: insert afier the
word "persons," m line six, page 2 of tho bill,
tho following words : " which location shall conform
to the United States surveys;" and the House of
Representatives agree to tho same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to amendment numbered 4, and
agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede from amendmcntnumbered
G, with an amendment, substituting tho following in
lion of the, matter stricken out:
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted. That all ex
parte affidavits required to bo made under this act,
or the act of which it is amendatory,may be verified
before any officer authoviaod to administer oaths
within the land district where the claims may be
situated.
And tho House of Representatives agree to tho
same.
That the Senate rcccdefrom amendment numbeied
6, and agree to section sixteen, with tho foiLowing
amendment:
And provided further, That nothing herein con-
tained shall require the survey of waste or useless
lands.
And the House of Representatives agree to tho
same.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendment numbered 7, and
agree to tho same.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
13. CASSERLY,
wlanaacrx mi ihepurt of the Senate,
ORANGE FERKIeSS,
A. A. SARGENT.
JAMES A. JOHNSON.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to look at that
report; and I ask of the Chair whether it
would be in order to move that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It_ would be.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that it be printed.
Mr. STEWART. That may delay it for a
week.
Mr. HARLAN. No; only until to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. I think tho amendment,
which the Senator probably has in his mind
particularly has been qualified so as to meet
his views.
Mr. HARLAN. I want to look at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that the report of the conference
committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMJ1ITTJ5KS.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the memorial
of Andrew Mason, formerly melter and refiner
in the assay office in New York, asking that
he be compensated for discovering and intro-
ducing two improvements in the process of
parting gold and silver, which has resulted in
a saving in the New York office alone during
the last four years of over one hundred and
nineteen thousand dollars, and showing that
if adopted in all Government institutions there
would be an annual saving of §75,000, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 223) authorizing the Secre-
tary of, the Treasury to pay certain cotton
claims, the proceeds of which are at present
covered into the Treasury, arising from the
sales of cotton unlawfully seized after the 30th
of June, 1865, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 207)
authorizing the Postmaster General to con-
tinue to use in the postal service a certain
invention and device for the postmarking of
mail packages, and for the more permanent
cancellation of postage stamps, and to make
a just and equitable compensation for the past
and future use of the same by the Post Office
Department, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 873) granting the right of way and
lands to the Sacramento Irrigation and Navi-
gation Company, reported it with amendment:;.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (IT. R. No. 1010) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
iinance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 228} authorizing tbe Vernon
Shell Road Company, of Georgia, to import
free of duty an English traction-engine, re-
ported it'without amendments.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Scwalf M.
Fessenden and other owners of the brig Wil-
liam Carlton, praying compensation for dam*
