1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4919
ages sustained by a collision with a United.
States vessel, have instructed me to report a
Resolution referring the claim to the Court of
Claims. It is a Senate resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ The Chair is
informed that, by recent legislation, it requires
a joint resolution to refer a case to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware of any such
act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the law now requires that, and this
resolution will be put in the shape of a joint
resolution.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be acted on now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 234) referring to the Court of Claims
claims against the United States for the loss
of the schooner William Carlton was read
three times, and passed. It proposes to refer
the claims of William Carlton, Sewall H. Fes-
senden, Jacob J. Nichols, Henry G. Packard,
John Q. Miller, William E. Boyden, Charles
H. Burgess, the Boston and Sandwich Glass
Company, and 'others, owners, against the
United States, for the loss of the schooner
William Carlton, her cargo, freight, and per-
sonal effects on board by collision with the
United States ram Stonewall, in the Potomac
river, on or about November 23, 1865, to the
Court of Claims, to hear and determine the
same.
J. GE011GE IIARIUS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Some time ago I reported
from the Committee on Claims Senate resolu-
tion No. 189, to refer a claim to the Court of
Claims, and I ask that it be now considered.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 189) to enable the Court of Claims
to hear and determine the claim of J. George
Harris, -paymaster United States Navy, was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
claim of J. George Harris, paymaster United
States Navy_, for rent of faiua located in Edge-
field, opposite Nashville, Tennessee, while
occupied by the troops of the United States
for fence, posts, and boards taken therefrom
by the troops, and for trees cut therefrom in
their value as fuel and lumber, when used as
such by the United States, be referred to the
Court of Claims for its decision in accordance
with the principles of law and justice.
The joint resolution was. reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MAIL STEAMSHIP SERVICE.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask that to-morrow
evening be set apart for the consideration of
Senate bill No. 388.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas asks that to-morrow evening at
half past seven o'clock be set apartfor the
consideration of the Oriental Steamship Com-
pany bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to amend that mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not morning
business, and I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The proposition
is in the nature of a resolution, which will go
over if objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the motion
will take its place on the Calendar ot resolu-
tions.
MESSA0I3 FROM T1IE IIOUSU.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
without, amendment:
A bill (S. No. SI) for the benefit of Margaret
Riddie, widow and executrix of George Read
Riddle;
A bill (S. No. 339) giving priority to certain
cases to which a State is a party in the courts
of the United Stales ; and
A bill (S. No. 883) granting a pension to
John "W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (PI. R. No. 1639) to compensate
Holmes E. Offiey for extra labor as chief
clerk in the Navy Department;
A bill (H. R. No. 2000) to declare the con-
struction of section fifty-five of an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, and the acts
amendatory thereof, and to amend the same;
and
A bill (IT. R. No. 2348) granting the right
of way to the Carthage, Watertown, and Sack-
ett's Harbor Railroad Company.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution: and
they were thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident:
An act (S. No. 237) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to license yachts;"
An act (S. No. 489) to reorganize the marine
hospital serviec, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen :  
An act (S. No. 558) to incorporate the
National Bolivian Navigation Company;
An act (S. No. G26) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Stubbs ;
An act (S. No. 742) to provide for changing
the boundaries of land districts ;
An act (S. No. 808) granting a pension to
Amanda M. Ritchev; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) for the
relief of Commodore S. B. Bissell and Com-
modore John C. Carter.
LIMITATION Ot1 DEBATE ON TAX BILL. «
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, before proceeding
with the tax bill, I ask a vote on my resolution
limiting debate to five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution submitted by him on the
23d instant, which will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Ihsolved, That the debate on House bill oSTo. 2045,
to reduce taxation, shall after to-day be confined to
debato of not exceeding fivo minutes by each Senator
on the amendment pending when such debate arises.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the res-
olution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is notyet before
the Senate. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio, to proceed to its con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
words " afLer to-day," so that it shall operate
to-day.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I now move to strike out
"five" and insert " ten " minutes. That cer-
tainly is short enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will not be
done; but it is for the Senate to decide. I think
five minutes are sufficient. The Senate would
allow an extension of the time, 1 know, in any
particular case where it was desired. If the
rule stands at five minutes, I have no doubt
when the subject is reached on which the Sen-
ator from Alabama desires to speak the Sen-
ate will extend his time. I hope the Senator
will let it stand as it is. I have no doubt that
in his case the Senate will extend it to ten
minutes if he desires, as I understand he has
prepared some remarks.
Mr. SPENCER. I insist on the amendment
making it ten minutes. That is short enough.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
older Senators of this body whether such a
thing as this has ever been done before in the
Senate of the United States? Have the Sen-
ate of the United States ever adopted such
a rule as this on any bill before them? If
they have not, 1 ask whether we are going
to admit that we are less capablc of controlling
our tongues than our predecessors? I think
there is a great deal more debate than is neces-
sary in the Senate. I suppose we all thiuk so.
I suppose we all see it much more clearly in
the case of other Senators than in our own. [
think the offering of this resolution, perhaps,
may do no harm. It may serve as a reminder
to Senators not to waste time at the end of the
session. But I sincerely hope, unless some
Senator much better acquainted with the his-
tory of this Senate than I am can refer us to a
case where such a rule has been adopted, that
we shall not sot a precedent of this kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can refer the Senator
to a case at this session. On the motion of
my colleague we adopted a voluntary rule of
five-minutes' debate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I beg to ask the Senator
whether that was not agreed upon by unani-
mous consent, not by any rule of the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes no difference.
Mr. STOCKTON. It makes all the differ-
ence in the world. I should have no objection
to such an agreement by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator does not
object, 1 presume this will be adopted by unan-
imous consent. -
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know that I
should object to such an agreement by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will observe
that the resolution is confined to this particu-
lar bill, which has already been debated three
days. I hope we shall have a vote upon the
resolution. I do not care to debate it.
Mr. STOCKTON. Of course the charac-
ter of the Senate is as dear to every other Sen-
ator as it is to me. But this is one of our old
guards, and I do not like to see it set aside
when I do not think there is any necessity for
it in this case. I would rather that we should
do this by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us do it by
unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey suggest that this bedone
by unanimous consent?
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not suggest it my-
self, but I shall make no objection if anybody
else does.
Mr. BAYARD. I know very well that once
during this session, on a railroad bill, if I mis-
take not, by general consent, we agreed to such
a proposition, but not on a measure of this
general character. The only debate upon it
probably in detail will be upon the various
heads of tariff imposition. They are very num-
erous, and I presume the object of this rule
would be to limit debate on each one head of
debate to five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow me,
the rule is so carefully worded that each Sena-
tor may speak upon each amendment five
minutes, it is not limited to five minutes on
either side, but the rule is much more exten-
sive and much more liberal than the Senator
supposes.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am a
member of the committee from which this bill
comes, and I take leave to say that there ace
in this bill features that cannot reasonably and
justly be discussed within the time stated.
There are propositions in this bill to which in
advance I avow my utmost opposition. There
are propositions in this bill to make the people
of this country pay tribute to a limited num-
ber of individuals, the patentees of certain pro-
cesses of manufacture, that cannot have all
said that ought to be said against them, and
that would be said against them but for the
interference of this rule, within the short space
of live minutes. There are provisions in this
bill involving millions of dollars annually to
the people of this country.
