1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Senators from, Mississippi—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
Why did you pass that act? Did you mean
to do a foolish and unmeaning thing, or as
wise legislators did you mean to do a sensible,
consistent thing? You cannot say that there
had been a great many slaves in the United
States, and that therefore it was necessary to
pass this act in order to make them citizens of
the United States, because before you passed
the civil rights bill you had proposed the thir-
teenth amendment to the several States—that
is, you say you proposed it, and you say they
adopted it—abolishing slavery in the United
States. Proclamation was made by the' Secre-
tary of State of the United States that slavery
had been abolished throughout the whole Uni-
ted States, by the action of the States, before
the passage of this bill. Then, you cannot say
that you passed this act to make these persons
citizens who had theretofore been slaves, be-
cause if free negroes were from the fact that
they were free negroes citizens of the United
States, then upon the abolition of slavery
throughout the United States all who had been
slaves became citizens just as much as those
who had been free before the adoption of that
amendment.
Therefore you passed this act, I assume—and
you are bound to agree to the assumption in
order to be consistent—because you yourselves
believed that without the passage of this act
the free negroes and free mulatroes, or as you
may please to call them, the people of color,
throughout the United States were not citizens.
Then I cite to you that act, your own act, as
evidence that in your own judgment at the time
of its passage and up to the time of its passage
negroes and mulattoes were not citizens of the
United States.
But, sir, a question might arise, as it did arise
in the discussion upon the passage of that bill,
whether Congress by its own act merely could
make citizens of persons who were not citizens
before, and whether it did not require a consti-
tutional amendment to make negroes and mulat-
toes citizens of the United States; and not will-
ing even to rely upon your own act of 18G6,
commonly called the civil rights bill, as securing
citizenship to this class of persons, you pro-
posed your fourteenth amendment to the sev-
eral States, which I have read, which declares
also that all persons born in the United States,
except Indians not taxed, are citizens of the
United States. Why did you make that prop-
osition to the several States? Is it possible
that you did so foolish, so senseless a thing as
to propose an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States in reference to a matter
which needed no amendment? If, as the Con-
stitution existed in 1806, when you proposed
this amendment to that instrument declaring
all persons born in the United States to be cit-
izens, which you know was intended to have
particular reference to this race of which I
have been speaking; if, as the Constitution
stood before, they were citizens, how can you
reconcile your conduct with consistency in pro-
posing an amendment to make them citizens?
The very fact that you proposed that four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States declaring that these persons
were citizens of the United States, and requir-
ing its ratification at the point of the bayonet,
turning out members of Legislatures elected in
the different States in order to secure its rati-
fication, is conclusive on this point. Why did
you propose such an amendment, and why did
yon think it so_ important if without it these
people were citizens of the United States? It
may be an affront to this revolutionary party,
or Republican party, to say to them that they
are consistent. Sir, I must use parliamentary
language, and therefore I must say that you
have been consistent. However inconsistent
in everything else, you have been perfectly
consistent in reference to this question of negro
citizenship. You declared by your civil rights
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 9. •
bill in 1866 that negroes were citizens of the
United States. Of course it could only have
effect after its passage. Then you proposed
an amendment to change the Constitution, be-
cause it is no amendment unless it is a change,
changing some existing provision or adding
some provision that before did not exist, or
supplying some defect, remedying some evil
that existed, or bestowing some right that did
not exist. Then you amend the fundamental
law of the land by solemnly inserting into it,
in 1868, a provision that this very class of
people are citizens of the United States. Then
they were not citizens before, or you would not
have proposed that. I hope my Republican
friends are not offended at the mere suggestion
that they are consistent. Respect for them
requires that I should treat them as consistent,
and my kind personal feelings for most of the
members of that party on this floor causes me
to feel at heart that 1 should always love to
regard them as consistent, and in that sincerity
of private feeling toward them personally I say
that they have been perfectly consistent upon
this subject, and that they have indorsed when-
ever they had an opportunity this great point
decided, and which they say was the only
point in controversy in the Dred Scott case,
that negroes and mulattoes are not citizens of
the United States; that they have at every
possible step and on every possible opportunity
that presented itself indorsed it and indorsed
it fully.
Then, sir, I submit to you, if you are consist-
ent in your political action, do you not stand
the self-confessed advocates of the principle
for which I contend, and the principle asserted
in the Dred Scott case, that free negroes and
free mulattoes were not citizens of the United
States prior to the adoption of the so-called
fourteenth amendment?
But, sir, it may be attempted to be answered,
"Well, we knew they were citizens anyhow,
and we thought we would pass that bill, and
we thought we would have that amendment."
I am sure that gentlemen in this Senate will
not place themselves in any situation of that
kind. They will not say that they knew that
negroes and mulattoes were citizens of the
United States previous to the passage of the
civil rights bill and prior to the adoption of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States; and yet, notwithstanding
that knowledge, that they deliberately as legis-
lators passed the civil rights bill, and incorpor-
atedinittheheaviestpenal provisions; and that
they went to work solemnly, proposed changes
in the Constitution of the United States, which
do not have effect until after their passage, de-
claring that negroes and mulattoes were citizens
of the U nited States. They will not place them-
selves in the position of saying that they knew
they were citizens before, and just did this for
fun ! Wise men do not act in that way. No ;
you are consistent, gentlemen; you are in-
dorsers of the very principle which you say was
the only principle in the Dred Scott case; that
is, that negroes and mulattoes, though born
in the United States, were not citizens of the
United States.
These positions are true; and I hold that the
argument, however feebly presented in its prin-
ciples, is entirely impregnable, and then I say
that this man Revels is not eligible to a seat
upon this floor as a member of the Senate of
the United States, the Republican or revolu-
tionary members of the Senate themselves
being judges.
But, sir, not only have the Federal judiciary
decided that persons of African descent,are not
citizens of the United States within the mean-
ing of the Federal Constitution, but the other
departments of the Government, legislative aud
executive, have decided the same thing. Many
acts of Congress to this effect might be cited.
I select from themass one. In volume two Stat-
utes-at-Large, page 809, will be found an act
passed in 1813, entitled " An act for the regula-
tion of seamen on board the public and private
vessels of the United States." Section one of
this act provides—
. " from and after the termination of the war
in which the United States aro now ongagedwith
G-reat Britain it shall not be lawful to employ on
board any of tho public or privato vessels ofthe u ni-
ted States any person or persons except oitizens of
the United States or persons of color natives of the
United States."
Here the distinction between citizens of tho
United States and persons of color is legis-
latively declared. Here the Congress of the
United States in 1813, in whichbody were many
of the men who helped to frame the Constitu-
tion, declared that persons of color, that is
persons of African descent, are not oitizens of
the United States, and this act was approved
by James Madison as President, commonly
called the Father of the Constitution.
The executive department of the Govern-
ment has uniformly decided the same way. It
has refused to issue passports to persons of
this race for the reason that they were not
citizens of the United States. I also refer to
the opinion of Attorney General Wirt, to be
found in volume one of the Opinions of the
Attorneys General, page 506. In that opinion
Mr. Wirt, as the law officer of the Govern-
ment, declares that " free negroes in Virginia
are not citizens of the United States in the
sense m which the term citizens is used in the
acts regulating foreign and the coasting trade,"
and that "the word citizens as used in the
Constitution has the same meaning that it has
in the several acts of Congress passed under
the authority of the Constitution."
This doctrine is also declared by Caleb
Gushing, Attorney General, in an exhaustive
opinion to be found in volume seven of the
Opinions of the Attorneys General, page 746.
Mr. President, before the Federal Union
was formed, before the Constitution of the
United States was adopted, the universal doc-
trine was (not one dissenting, so far as the
recorded utterances of opinion of any statesman
of that day can bear testimony) that this race
was a degraded, inferior race, and no part of
"the people," orgoverning power,or citizens
of the country. They had been snatched by
violence and avarice from their homes as bar-
barians, and brought against their will to this
country. No one condemns the inhumanity of
the act by which they were thus severed from
their own country and transported here more
than I do. It belongs to the past. They were
never voluntarily here. Being here they and
their descendants were never, in ante-revolu-
tionary times, regarded by any single Ameri-
can statesman—and I challenge the production
of any evidence to the contrary—as a portion
of the people of the Colonies, as a part of
the governing power of the State, as^ having,
either in fact or in right, any voice in polit-
ical or civil affairs. It was thus when your
Declaration of Independence was formed. 1
know that a general expression in that in-
strument has been tortured and abused and
misrepresented by strong-minded women and
weak-minded men, and the interpretation at-
tempted to be given to it contrary to the sense
in which it was used. It has recently been pre-
tended that when the framers of the Declara-
tion declared that "allmen are created equal
and endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights" they meant the negro race.
Why, sir, they speak ofmen, constituent parts of
society. They were giving the reasons for their
separation as a body of men, men having the
right to exercise political control within the
country of their residence ; and they were not
dealing and did not intend to be regarded as
dealing in any wild abstractions or theoretical
principles to have no practical effect. The con-
trary supposition would place the Father of his
