1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3031
barn. Weiker. Welle, Williams, Slum* M. Wilmm.
Winamp and Witober—116.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Aver,
Hailev, Bank*. Barnum, Barry, Benton, Boles, ;
lloweu. linyd, Burr, Benjamin !•'.Butler.Churchill,
S:ducy Clarke, CovoJe, Ocbs, Davis, Degener,
l>ii-kfv. Doekery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, hla, Gib-
«,>n. tiriswnlil. Haldemnn. Hairier. Heaton. Hose,
.1 tultl. Julian. Lash, Logan. Marshall. Milnos. Dan-
iel J.Morrell. Morriswey. Mungen. Packer. Porter,
Potter, lisn,!.i!l. UcevcJ. Ritlgway, Sanford, Sehu-
raaker. Porter Sheldon. 8locum, Wortbinston 0.
^mitb. Stevenson. Trimble, Van Horn, Voorhcos,
William B. Washburn, and Wilkinson—57.
So the House refused to order the roll to bo
called.
During th* call of the roll,
Mr. WHEELER said: I beg to state that
my col league [Mr. Cuurchiix] is absent on
uccount of the train having failed to connect at
Harrisburg last night.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
TVITED STATES COURTS IN INDIANA.
Mr. KERR. I ask the consent of the House,
as a matter of importauce of a local character
entirely, that I may be permitted to report a
bill from the Judiciary Committee, which is
approved by the whole delegation from my
State, and approved unanimously by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERR accordingly reported back from
the Committee on the Judiciary, with a substi-
tute, the bill (H. R. No. 230) to regulate the
times and places for holding the courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes.
Mr. KERR. I desire the substitute to be
put on its passage.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and afto moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. KERR, the title was
amended so as to read : "An act.to require the
holding of additional district and circuit courts
of the United States in the district of Indiana,
and for other purposes."
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 269) to amend the act of April 20, 1870;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the first proviso in the act approved
April 20,1870, (which prescribes the conditions
under which the disbursement of the appropria-
tions therein contained fordefraying expenses
incurred in carryinginto effect the act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States shall be made,) shall not be held to apply
to acconnts for services rendered or for sup-
plies furnished under regulations or orders
issued by the respective commanders of the
several military districts, under the authority
of the seventh section of the act of March 23,
1867, and which accounts have been duly cer-
tified and audited, and have been approved,
and the payment ordered by said commanders.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. Being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr._ DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1885) to reduce the
duties on imports; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STILES. I call for the regular order
of business.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to report from the Committee
ou Reconstruction a bill (H. R. No. 188(3) to
relieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of tho Constitution of
the United States, aud for other purposes.
The SPEAKE It. What does the gentleman
propose to have done with the bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I desire to have it
passed. It contains only the names of a few
citizens of Texas.
Mr. WOOD. I do not understand that this
bill has ever been before the Committee ou
Reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The names of the
members of the committee consenting to it are
on the back of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. It is an informal proceeding,
and not the action of the committee. I protest
against its being presented as a report of the
committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise
the question that this is not the report of the
committee?
Mr. WOOD. I do.
Mr. WOODWARD. My friend has misun-
derstood the matter. It was necessarily done
a little irregularly because of the absence of
\ the chairman of the committee. This report
i was submitted to every member of the com-
' mittee who was in the House, and ho has indi-
cated his assent to it.
Mr. WOOD. There ir<w a meeting of that
committee yesterday morning, and this subject
was not presented to the committee, nor has it
1 been referred to the committee by the House;
; and I raise the question of order that until it
, shall be it cannot be considered.
| The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
; when a member raises that point to submit it
| to the House. Is it the pleasure of the House
! to consider this as the report of the Committee
| on Reconstruction?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the in-
dorsement on the bill be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
We content that this bill be reported:
JAMES F. FARNSWORTH,
OLIVER H. DOCKERY.
WILLIAM LAWRENCE,
HALBERT E. PAINE,
GEORGE C. McKEE,
JAMES B. BECK,
GEORGE W. MORGAN,
WILLIAM H. UPSON,
FERNANDO C. BEAMAN.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order, and it is that the very certifi-
cate there shows that there was no meeting of
the committee.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point on
which, under the rules, the Chair can rule. It
is the duty of the Chair whenever the point is
raised to submit it to the House. Is it the
pleasure of the House to regard this bill as the
report of the Committee on Reconstruction?
The question was put; and tfiere were—ayes
65, noes 42; no quorum voting.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the yeas and nays.
It involves a great principle under the rules of
the House.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
seventeen members voting therefor.
No quorum having voted, tellers were or-
dered ; and Mr. Wood and Mr. Farnsworth
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
So the bill was received as the report of the
Committee on Reconstruction, aud was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I raise the
point of order that the bill has not been en-
grossed.
The SPEAKER. The point of order does
not apply at this stage. The question now is
whether the House will order the bill to be
engrossed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I know that;
but the Ohuir the other day found me not in
time, und 1 intended to bo in time now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was too
late then, and he is too early now. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the bill will
be engrossed while I yield to otie or two gen-
tlemen.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not want
to be factious, but I want to ask a question,
and that is when, if ever, does the Committee
on Reconstruction intend to make a general
amnesty report?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So far as I am con-
cerned I am in favor of doing it to-day—any
day; but I am not the chairman of the Recon-
struction Committee; I am only acting as such
in the absence of the chairman. The chair-
man of the Committee on Reconstruction has
been authorized to report a bill which, with
some substitutes, has been ordered to be printed.
Whenever it shall be the pleasure of the House
to take up that bill I have no doubt it will be
acted upon.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would in-
quire if this bill includes any names except of
some ten or a dozen men from Texas? If not,
why not?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill includes
the names of persons who have been elected
to office in Texas but who cannot qualify be-
cause of disabilities. To the removal of their
disabilities there is no sort of objection from
any point. The members from the State of
Texas desire very much that these men shall
have their disabilities removed in order that
they may qualify and enter upon the offices to
which they have been elected. There are very
few of these persons named in this bill.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. By permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] I de-
sire to explain in a veryfewwords the grounds
of my opposition to this mode of transacting
the business of this House. I take no excep-
tion to the persons whom it is proposed to
relieve by this bill; but I do take exception to
the practice which overrules and overpowers
the minorities in this House and on the stand-
ing committees of this House. Under the
precedent just established any two or three or
four members of any committee of this House
can get together in the cloak-room, in the ab-
sence of every one of the minority members of
the committee, and sign a paper and come here
and present it as a report of the committee.
Now, I take exception to this mode of trans-
acting business in the dark. It is improper,
it is irregular, it is unparliamentary, and in
contravention of the rules of this House. I
object and protest against any members of any
committee producing a paper here and calling
it a report of a committee in the absence of
the chairman of the committee and in the ab-
sence of a majority of the members of the com-
mittee. That is the ground of my opposition
to this measure.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Reconstruction consists of fifteen members. It
therefore requires eight members to constitute
a quorum of that committee. At the last reg-
ular meeting of the committee no quorum ap-
peared, and of course the committee could not,
as a committee, act upon matters of this kind.
The Representatives on this floor from the
State of Texas, desiring that the persons who
are named in this bill should have their polit-
ical disabilities removed, obtained the individ-
ual consent of a majority of the members of
the committee to have this bill reported to the
