1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3975
jurisdiction requires vigor and support every-
where in the South. Besides, the State courts
would be elevated by their example.
The law, as it now stands on the statute-
book, requires a judge to hold a court at New
Orleans on the fourth Monday in April, and
the same judge also to hold court on the first
Monday in May in- Florida, Mississippi, and
Texas I If a useless office, it ought to be abol-
ished. If useful, as it is conceded to be, and
necessary, then the number of judges should be
so increased as to enable them to discharge the
duties. Without them the courts are subject
to all the objections above stated, and to others
which might be named.
The circuit even as proposed by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, or
with either Louisiana or Arkansas added to
Texas, would leave us substantially unprovided
for, inasmuch as one judge could not do all
the business, and hence would feel under less
responsibility to do any particular duty. The
circuit ought to be so organized as to give a
judge no reasonable excuse for failing to hold
his courts.
It seems to rae, Mr. President, that there is
no part of reconstruction more practical, in
fact more vital, or involving a more solemn obli-
gation on the part of the Republican party, than
to so organize the Federal judiciary throughout
the South as to make the courts complete,
strong, and able for the administration of law
and justice. Hitherto reconstruction has been
left mainly to the Army. It is a great work,
and to perform it properly every department
of the national Government should bear a hand
in its thorough accomplishment.
Mr. SCOTT. With my friend from Texas,
I should have been very glad to have had the
opportunity of being heard before the Judiciary
Committee before this bill was reported ; but
all the opportunity we have is in open Senate
after the bill is here. It may be that there
ought to be more circuit judges, and if there
ought to be, surely the argument of the Sen-
ator from Texas as made in regard to the im-
possibility of one judge holding the courts in
his circuit is unanswerable when applied to
the third circuit as now proposed.
The act of Congress does require four terms
of each of the district courts to be held in
Texas ; but I think it is evident that my friend
is arguing on the old state of affairs, when there
was no circuit judge, and when the judge of
the Supreme Court of the United States had to
hold the circuit court. Now they have both a
circuit judge and a Supreme judge of the Uni-
ted States allotted to that circuit, both of whom
will go into the circuit, so that even if there
were eight terms in the Texas circuit it would
only make eleven in the whole circuit, whereas
we have sixteen in the Pennsylvania circuit.
I do trust this amendment will prevail. It
will not disarrange the harmony of the cir-
cuits, and it will be doing justice to the whole
country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order, which is
the bill (H. R, No. 986) to abolish the franking
privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to pass over that
bill until we finish the bill which we have been
considering this morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. Informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, Mr. President; I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us fin-
ish this bill, and not waste another day upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 28.
The PRESIDENT pro /.empore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks that the special order
of the day be passed over informally, with a
view of continuing the consideration of the
bill in relation to the judicial circuits. Is there
objection ?
Mr. HARLAN. Do I understand the Chair
to say that it is proposed to pass by the special
order informally?
Mr. EDMUN DS. I beg pardon of the Chair.
I think if the Chair will refer to the rule and
to the record he will find that we did not leave
off with any unfinished business last night, and
the Senate decided this morning to proceed
with the bill called up by the Senator from
Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
in regard to the franking privilege is the first
special order, and it comes up at the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us finish this judicial
circuit bill now. I trust there will be no objec-
tion to doing that.
Mr. HARLAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations gave notice yesterday
that he would ask the Senate to-day at one
o'clock to proceed to the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill. It is very important
that that bill should be disposed of, and I
should like to know from the honorable chair-
man whether be has changed his purpose on
that subject or not?
Mr. RAMSEY. I can inform the honorable
Senator that this bill for the abolition of the
franking privilege cannot be passed over much
longer. It is a bill which passed the House
of Representatives on the 27th of February by
a majority of 1'our to one, and was made a
special order here on the 17th of March, and
from that time to this, although it has been
on the Calendar of special orders, it has been
impossible to secure its consideration by the
Senate. I think we shall be inexcusable if we
pass it over much longer. I am willing to let
it be laid aside informally for a few moments
until the conclusion of the bill in charge ol' the
Senator from Illinois; but I cannot consent to
its further postponement.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already moved an
executive session, and 1 think that the adverse
vote on that motion was founded in misappre-
hension ; at least one Senator has told me that
he voted without understanding precisely the
question.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that if he wiH consent to
let the bill of the Senator from Illinois pass, in
which all of us from the South are interested,
I shall then willingly vote to go into executive
session.
Mr. SUMNER. I am friendly to the bill of
the Senator from Illinois, but the Senate will
take notice that there is a matter pending in
executive session on which it ought to come to
a conclusion one way or the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we lose more time
in talking about this than it would have taken
to pass the bill. Nobody is going to make
speeches upon it. It is a mere matter of detail.
Mr. SUMNER. If there can be an under-
standing that we shall immediately go into
executive session on disposing of this bill, I
shall make no opposition to proceeding with
its consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Iam reminded
by the Senator from Iowa that I notified the
Senate yesterday of my intention to call up to-
day the Indian appropriation bill. I did give
that notice yesterday; but I saw afterward that
the Senator from Massachusetts gave notice
that, he would ask to-day at one o'clock for an
executive session ; and I saw also that the Sen-
ator from Illinois had the floor on the bill
which has been considered this morning, and
he notified the Senate that he desired to have
it disposed of. I was waiting to see how the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator
from Illinois would come out in these respects,
in order to determine whether I should hare
an opportunity to make the motion which I
indicated. I desire, at the earliest moment I
can get the opportunity, to make a motion that
the Senate take up for consideration the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask what is now before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
for^ the abolition of the franking privilege is
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have asked that that
be informally passed over so that we may finish
the judicial circuit bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. That will occupv only a
short time, I suppose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope a very short
time.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be passed over. I
have no objection to that.
Mr. THAYER. I hope we shall now vote
on the bill of the Senator from Illinois. We
can dispose of it in a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois?
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the special order
being passed over informally. Let it be passed
over under the rule.
Mr. RAMSEY. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves that the pending order
be passed over, which question must be taken
without debate.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
what is the objection to passing it by inform-
ally?
Mr. HARLAN. It will then be in order as
soon as the bill under the charge of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois is completed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So it will be if it be now
passed over.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire very much that the
Indian appropriation bill shall bo proceeded
with at as early a moment as possible.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask a question
of the Chair, which was my purpose in rising.
I beg to inquire of the Chair if the motion now
made prevails, and the special order be passed
over for the purpose of continuing this bill,
whether, when the bill which will then be be-
fore the Senate shall be completed, the bill for
the abolition of the franking privilege will not
then again be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, what is the dis-
tinction between passing it over informally
and passing it otherwise?
Mr. HARLAN. I supposed that passing it
over informally would imply that as soon as
this bill was disposed of the Senate would pro-
ceed with the bill informally passed over.
Mr. CONKLING. And if you pass it over
formally, still it will be in order then.
Mr. HARLAN. I wished, so far as I was
concerned, to negative that presumption ; that
was all.
Mr. CONKLING. But if passed over it will
be the next business in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is not a debatable
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand the rules,
in a case like this if we vote to pass a bill over
it does not come up again to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not. The next
bill on the Calendar is to be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. The next bill on the Cal-
endar then comes up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to this debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If passed
over the bill keeps its place on the orders. It
is moved that the pending order be passed
over. „ , .
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro fempoi e. 1 he ques-
