1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
by correspondence and embodied in the cen-
sus returns. All this information ought to be
obtained as a public document. Therefore if
there is not there ought to be some provision
to pet such information collected.
Mr. COXKLIXG. I aaree with the Senator,
and it is one of the considerations which have
moved the committee, and when the proper
•iine arrives—I do not think it belongs to this
bill appropriately—I hope to have in respect
to railroads and telegraphs, and mining as well,
and insurance statistics, some directory pro-
vision which shali cause collections of statistics
to be milde in t lie manner now indicated by the
Senator from Ohio, It never can be done by
importing such tilings into the schedules to be
used in the taking of the census; and there-
fore it does not belong here at all, I submit.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Vermont to substitute for his proviso
with regard to compensation the following:
That, instead of the compensation now provided
under tlio statute ot' lSjJ, each assistant or enumcr-
ntor shall receive for his services at the rate of four
dollnrs a day lor the time during which ho is actually
employed as such assistant or enumerator.
My reason for that is that the amendment of
the Senator is predicated on the old system of
compensation in the act of 1850. Now, the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Patter-
son] has exposed that in its mathematical
character. He has shown you that being very
uitra mathematical in its pretensions it is very
uncertain. He has also shown you that it is
open to abuses and to lictitious returns." I also
showed yesterday how under it the average pay
of an assistant per day was $1 89. The Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has contro-
verted that4statement, and he says that I did
not give the figures. Pardon tne ,; the Senator
is mistaken. He could not find them in the
Globe. The type, perhaps, was too small for
hiin. lie will find them there entitled '■ Sum-
mary statement of amounts paid to assistant
enumerators in 1800,'' and they are expressed
under four different heads.
1 he first is founded o*i one hundred amounts
paid to one hundred individual assistant mar-
finds, taken from ledger No. 1 of the Census
Office, from which it appears that in that list the
average rate was $1 8'J a day. Then comes a
second series, being the amounts paid to one
hundred assistant marshals, taken from ledger
Xo. 2 of the Census Office, where the average i
rate per day was $1 83. Then there is a third j
series where the average rate per day was j
$2 2D. Toe summary is that there were four
thousand four hundred and seventeen assistant
marshals; the average paid to each assistant
marshal_ was $283 4'J, and one fifth of this
being $o0 70, it makes the average rate per day ,
SI 80. That is the statement which my friend
from Delaware was not able to find—$1 89 a
day ! I understood him to say that in his judg-
ment there was a mistake. Let him answer
the figures. I do not say this, it is the figures
that say it. 'ihe examination has been made
and you have the result. It is made by Dr.
Hough, and he authorizes me to say that after '
the most careful consideration of the figures, ;
he stakes his reputation on that result.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Senator under-
take to say that during the time of employment [
those men made in no one day more than $1 89? i
Is that his understanding?
.air. SUMNER. I have said no such thing. '
I have said that the average rate per day was
$1 89. 1 hey may have made some days a !
much larger sum, and other days a smaller '
sum. j
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Senator mean j
'-hat for five months ot employment these men j
were at work every day aud made but that
much in the average? 1
Mr. SUMXLR. \\ liether they were at work
every day I know not. I only know that on '
these figures, furnished on this competent au- !
tlionty, you have the result of gl 89 as the /
average rate per day. Now, I am not com
peletit to controvert this conclusion. The Sen-
ator does not seem to accept, it; but let him
!| go behind the figures, let him show that they
i| err. I adduce them as from a competent au-
thority who has given special attention to the
question, and has made these calculations.
He avers that they are accurate.
It was on this ground that I assume to say
that the old law at- this date is not a working
machine. Put it in motion if you can, with
your agents paid at the average of $1 89 per
day. Can you do it ? I do not see how you
can, with prices and values differing now so
much from what they were in 1850 or in 1860.
: It is therefore to avoid any such condition of
things that I propose to adopt a compensation
which is definite, which we can all understand,
which has no profound subtle mathematics at
the bottom of it, but simply common sense
and the experience of daily life. I would,
therefore, strike out all after the word " pro-
vided'' in the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont and insert what I have sent to the
Chair. Perhaps the Senator from Vermont
will accept it: i know not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts desires to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont; but under
the parliamentary rule it is not in order, the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont being
an amendment to an amendment. It will be
read, however. The Senator from Vermont
i may accept it as a part of his amendment,
i The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
■ ment is to strike out the proviso of the pending
amendment and to insert:
That instead nf the compensation provided under
i the statute of 1860, each assistant or cnuraerater shall
;! receive for his services at the rate of fourdollarsa
i dayforthotimeduring which hoisaetuallyeuiployod
as such assistant or enumerator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
' ator from Vermont accept that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDEN r. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
. mont to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I rise to
make a motion which, prevailing, will bring
the pending subject to an end, but I defer it to
consider briefly some of the theories which
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
been persuaded to attempt to expound. Had
the Senator given more attention to the subject
he would not have adopted notions exploded
! months ago, and abandoned by the advocates
of the House bill, if, indeed, they were ever !
! seriously entertained. He starts with the as-
1 sertion that lapse of time has rendered the ;
existing census statute inapplicable. He says
the statute has lost its adequacy, first, by the
growth of the country, and second, by the
advance in statistical science. He might as well
: say that a system of book-keeping fit for a bank
with a capital of $100,000 would cease to be
: reliableshouldthecapitalandbusinessincrease.
In the language of another—
"A census is but the registration of items and post-
ing the account: and whatever plan or system will
do this well for twenty or thirty million people will
effect it as satisfactorily for one hundred million. One
system of book-keeping has prevailed for a century
and more, and is found adapted equally to business
ot thousands or of millions. If the plan be a good
one it will becontinuedforlargcand small operations,
and will not be uprooted upon the demand of theo-
rists, nor until a better has proved its claim to con-
fidence."
I commend these words to the honorable !
Senator, and pass to some of his more specific j
allegations. I'come first to a reiterated state- !
ment which, were I "a chartered libertine of i
debate," or could I claim the unceremonious I
freedom of expression sometimes adopted by '
the Senator, I would style the "absurdity,"
so " preposterously " insisted on. that in 18G0 >
enumerators could' earn but §1 89 a day. His ,
language in the Globe is that the figures show i
" That under the old law as executed in 1850 and
1800 an enumerator could not receive more than SI 89 ,
a day.'
hence comes this unfounded error? How
comes the Senator to assert it again and again ? .i
It comes of a process discoverable in one of
the papers lie read, and which to any sane and
intelligent mind is utterly fallacious. What is
the process? It is a calculation based on ele-
ments, all of which are false. It is assumed
that every enumerator, be bis district large or
ji small, be the number of population more or
: less, received the same amount. In the second
! i place^ it is assumed that five months were occu-
pied from beginning to end by every enumer-
ator, and the compensation he received is dis-
• tributed over the whole time. Might I not,
were I endowed with the latitude of that hon-
j orable Senator, denounce as "absurd" such
! an idea? Why, sir, the districts differed in
size, differed in labor, differed in density of
t population, differed in celerity and dispatch of
! enumeration, and the enumerators differed in
: capacity and in diligence ; the length of time
during which enumerators were employed dif-
fered, and but few, if indeed any. were occu-
pied during the solid space of five months.
The premises are fictitious ; the conclusion is
a caricature.
But I have another challenge for this alle-
gation. 1 interpose it against Dr. Hough, the
reputed author of the House bill, who is named
as the authority for the assertion I am dis-
puting, and who has been paraded so much in
this debate. Was the effort to convince the
Senate that $1 89 is the provision of exist-
j ing law, a suppressio veri ei Dr. Hough is a
1 clerk in the Department of the Interior, and
has charge ex officio of the accounts of 18G0.
jj They show, not by any average calculation,
;; not by any deceitful guess, but in point of fact
and beyond ull question, what each enum-
erator received, and the area, and returns
for which he received it. Why are they not
produced ? Why were they not produced weeks
ago when this statement was fabricated ? There
is an ancient rule of honesty and of law which
I invoke, knowing the admiration of some
Senators for the canons of the law, that when
a party has in his possession primary evi-
dence, certain proof, but suppresses it, aud
advances uncertain and secondary evidence,
he convicts himself. I say of Dr. Hough
that when, with these accounts in his official
custody, he induces the Senator to bring us
i results of calculations where no calculation
; is needed, and calculations, too, obviously
i vicious, in place of exact testimony lying
under his finger, he neither commends him-
j self, nor cvinces the candor and capacity Buited
to an occasion like this.
| Professor Peiree is invoked. Why did they
j not show the accounts to Professor Peirce, and
; let him know what these men in truth received?
, Why did they not state to Professor Peirce the
facts which I now state from the data, that
, enumerators received in 1850 an average of
$4 50 per day for all the time actually ex-
pended ? Why did they not state that in the
, Territories many enumerators earned eight dol-
lars per day, and that there was no active
enumerator in the United States who did not
receive four dollarsaday forthetime occupied?
The earnings did sometimes vary from three to
six dollars a day, and under similar circum-
stances, showing, not inadequacy of pay, but
inefficiency in the enumerator. Had they
shown Professor Peirce these accounts, think
you he would have resorted to mathematics to
calculate the possibilities or probabilities of a
rule which had been twice over hammered out
on the anvil of actual experience?
Dr. Jarvis has been introduced as authority.
He has stated of record—I give his language—
that though the rate may prove too low now,
" the manner of compensation is justand expe-
dient." These are his words, but I have not
heard them read to the Senate. We are now
advised to turn from a twice-approved method
and to adopt an absolute per diem. Have Sen-
ators ever observed or heard of the watchful ex-
pedients resorted toin the various Departments
here in Washington to exact and obtain from
clerks a full rendition of a day's service? Do
