130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Howe.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Country and nearly all the great men who
helped to frame that instrument in a condi-
tion of declaring that their negro slaves were
their equals and entitled to all the privileges
and rights by creation and in justice that they
themselves were entitled to, and yet holding
them in subjection, holding them as chattels,
buying andselling them as personal property,
and unjustly and wickedly robbing them of
their inalienable rights. The advocates of
such an interpretation are defamers of our
revolutionary patriots.
Sir, such a supposition is utterly inconsistent
with any just appreciation of the character
of the men who framed the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. Neither after the revolutionary war,
up to the time of the adoption of the Federal
Constitution, were these persons regarded as
any part of "the people" or governing power,
citizens of the States. I defy the productiou
of any authority, historical or legal, in which
it was ever declared before the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, or for years and years
afterward, that any negro was a citizen of the
United States, or constituted any part of the
people of the United States. The authority is
not to be found, and I defy its production. Sir,
the uniform, consistent, continuous opinion of
the framers of the Federal Constitution and the
men who succeeded them in shaping the policy
of and building up this people as a great and
mighty people was what I have stated, and I
defy the production of a single utterance of one
of them that this class of persons were ever
regarded as citizens of the United States.
Then, sir, not being citizens of the United
States at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution, I come to another point, and that
is that it is not competent lor any one State to
make a citizen of the United States. I admit
that it is perfectly competent for any State in
this Union to make a citizen for itself and
within its own limits, but a State, while it may
make a citizen for itself, cannot make a citizen
of the United States, and no person can be a
citizen of the United States who is not of the
class and description of persons who were citi-
zens at the time of the adoption of the Consti-
tution, or unless such persons be made citizens
by a subsequent amendment to the Constitu-
tion, or he properly and constitutionally the
subjects of naturalization. Therefore, though
it may be true that Bevels may have voted in
any particular State of this Union—there is no
evidence of it, however—though it may be true
that he may have been a citizen of any partic-
ular State of this Union, yet if he is not of that
class and description of persons who were cit-
izens of the United States at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution, it not being within
tiie constitutional competency of a State to
make a citizen of the United States, any further
incorporation of persons as citizens of the Uni-
ted States being exclusively within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, that would not make
him eligible to a seat as a member of this body?
Mr. President. I have said tenfold more
than I expected to say upon this question. The
state of my health was such when I arose to
address the Senate that I had no idea of being
able to continue my remarks beyond a very few
moments. I regret that I have not been able
to present the views which I entertain on the
subject more clearly and more forcibly. Such
as they are they are honestly entertained. I
know, in respect to some of them, and in respect
to the question whether this man is eligible to
membership in this body, all that mv political
associates in this body and myself can do will
avail little. AH we ask is that the resolution
presented by the honorable member from
New Jersey may be referred to the Law Com-
mittee of this body, that we may have a report
of that committee whether Revels is a citizen
of the United States within the meaning ofthe
Constitution, whether he has been a citizen of
the United States for the period of nine years,
as required by that instrument.
In presenting these views I have only dis-
charged in a feeble way what I conceive to be
a public duty. I have no hope that any efforts
of mine can arrest the action of this body.
The advent of a negro or mulatto or octoroon
in the Senate of the United States, a person
belonging to that favored class known as col-
ored, is to be regarded with exultation and joy
by many, alas! too many, deluded persons in
this land. This day a great change is to be
effected as regards the character of member-
ship in this body. I have but little hope for
the future of my country. I would avert if
possible this great calamity. I would preserve
this proud heritage, bequeathed to us by our
noble ancestors as they intended it to be pre-
served, and transmit it untarnished to their
and our posterity forever.
I see, however, that no efforts of mine can
avail. I retire, therefore, from the contest utter-
ing in behalf of my revolutionized country my
most solemn protest against this great and
damning outrage. Revolution is rampant.
Unless it is speedily checked the end will soon
come.
Funding Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. T. O. HOWE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate of tiie United States,
March 7, 1870.
The Senate, as in Coramitteo of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill (S. No. 380) to authorize
tlio refunding and consolidation of the national debt,
to extend banking facilities, and to establish specie
payments—
Mr. HOWE said :
Mr. President : I do not rise with any pur-
pose of replying to the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
although he has submitted to the Senate some
remarks which seem to me to challenge reply.
He has, however, made others to which I can
heartily respond, for one; and it is one of
those remarks that I shall first allude to. He
acquiesces, as every statesman and every lover
of his country does, in the necessity and in the
solemn obligation resting upon us all to meet
the outstanding obligations of the nation, and
to redeerei them all. In that sentiment I am
heartily in accord with the honorable Senator
from Delaware.
He reminds us also that to do this we need
the united strength and force and resources of
all sections and sects and parts and parties in
the country. To that sentiment I also give my
most hearty accord. We do need it. We hope
to have it. I unite with the honorable Senator
from Delaware in the fervent prayer that no
part of the country, that no party in the country
may be found withholding support from that
effort. The peculiar connection, however, in
which the honorable Senator announced this
necessity, suggested the idea that he might be
afraid there was one part of the country which
would not be found cooperating to this end.
It suggested the idea that he himself appre-
hended that what he called the southern por-
tion of the country would stand back from this
effort; and he seemed, I think, to convey the
intimation that that part of the country would
find some justification for doing so in what he
was pleased to call the injustice with which
that portion of the country has been visited by
the Congress of the United States.
Mr. President, if injustice has been meted out
to the South or to the North, or to the East or
to the West, I can very well conceive, consti-
tuted as mankind are, that that injustice might
be a provocation which would tend to withhold
the efforts of that particular section from such
a labor as we all concede we have upon out-
hands ; but allow me to say very briefly what th e
Senator from Delaware must already be aware
of, that he and I, the party to which he belongs
and the party to which I belong, differ doubt-
less very broadly upon his statement that the
southern section of the country has been visited
by this Administration or by this Government
with any sort of injustice whatever. On the
contrary, Mr. President, we cherish the faith,
perhapsaltogethertoo fondly, that this Admin-
istration of the Government is the first one
■which ever undertook to carry justice to the
southern section of the United States; which
ever assumed the immense labor of enforcing
justice within that portion of our common coun-
try. We found what we thought injustice estab-
lished there, and we have made it our purpose
to put an end to that form of injustice. We
thought it the grossest form of injustice that
human governments had ever known or ever
tolerated. We have done nothing which we
did not believe was in the interests of justice.
We found one portion of our citizens in that
section of the country standing upon the necks
of anotherportion,andthatstruckus as unjust;
and what we have done an<i all we have done
has been with the view of persuading that dom-
inant class that they could see just as well if
they would get off the necks of that prostrate
portion of our people and let them get up, that
then all standing shoulder to shoulder, race
with race, white with black and black with
white, we might all together take hold of this
load and see if we could not bear it with less
sweat upon each one of us individually.
Mr. President, one other remark dropped
from the Senator from Delaware upon which
I wish to submit a single comment. He took
us back to those halcyon days before the recent
war. _ He reminded us, I thought somewhat
tauntingly, of the jubilant condition in which
the Republican party found the nation when
they assumed the obligations of administra-
tion; that we found a country fresh, lusty,
vigorous, with no stain resting upon its integ-
rity or upon its credit. Mr. President, I did
not remember that we did find the country
precisely in that predicament. On the con-
trary, if my recollection has not failed me, we
found a country on the verge of civil war, if
not in it. We found the nation in that anom-
alous and unheard-of and unprecedented con-
dition—which was explained to us by the states-
men of the school to which the honorable
Senator belongs as being disunion. We were
instructed out of the mouths of more than one,
if not of all of the statesmen of that school,
that the Union absolutely was dissolved and
broken up. If I do not misrecollect the first
speech, or one of the first speeches to which 1"
ever listened, pronounced by a former Senator
bearing the honored name which the Senator
himself bears, and one of the most accomplished
jurists we ever had in this body—that speech,
if I do not misrecollect, was employed to demon-
strate that disunion was an accomplished fact,
and that before the war was commenced. 1
do not assert absolutely that such was the case,
but such is my recollection.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
pardon me for interrupting him ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly!
Mr. BAYARD. I think he will not find
any such proposition contained in the speech
of any man whose name I bear. I think he
will find that there was a speech made with
great gravity and at great length in this body
in the month of March, 1861, upon the condi-
tion of the country; and I think he will find
that the tenor of that speech was entirely as
to the proper method of restoring the country
to its condition before the election of a sectional
candidate, as we considered.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Delaware
ought to be better informed of the particular
