1144
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Senators kjidw that men assembled together
with the eyes of each otner and of superiors
upon them are admonished by a tally kept of
the minutes and fractions of time when they
are absent from duty ? Do Senators know that
with this and other spurs to prick the sides of
diligence it is complained that between nine
and three o'clock constant losses of time
occur? Tarn now from this scene of method-
ical, i -door, and scrutinized employment, to
the broad field in which the work of the census
is to be done. Turn to the caseof enumerators
hastily selected the country over, sent out in the
highways and byways, in the rain and in the
sun, driving in buggies, going on foot, crossing
fields, traversing woods, visiting neighbors,
meeting associates, thronged with temptations
to dally and loiter, and then conclude, if you
can, that sound economy and dispatch will be
consulted by paying an absolute per diem, with
no check, no possibility of measuring time or
diligence, except as the recipients measure
for themselves, with a direct inducement to
protract the work. If it comports with the
experience of practical men to select such a
yard-stick by which to measure the emoluments
of twenty thousand public agents, the commit-
tee will sit corrected by the vote of the Senate.
Those, however, who will take the trouble
to read the debates iu 1850 will find that for
reasons such as I have indicated the existing
principle of recompense was adopted; if the
reasons Were good then they are good now.
Let me come to the next suggestion. The
process of arriving at the amount earned by
marshals and their deputies is dangerous and :
wide open to great imposition; the process is !
dangerous for reasons assigned by Dr. Hough, ;
assigned weeks ago, delivered to us by the ,
Senator from Massachusetts, and read over
again this morning by the Senator from New
Hampshire. Why? The first basis of this
shrewd apprehension is that the law of i860
provides that subdivisions shall be established
containing not less than twenty thousand in-
habitants. The answer to this, in plain Saxon,
is, it is false, merely and distinctly false. The
act requires (section three) that " each mar-
shal shall separate his district into subdivisions
containingnot exceeding twenty thousand per-
sons each, unless the limitation to that number
causes inconvenient boundaries, in which case
the number may be larger." This plain pro-
vision is perverted in this paper to read ''not
less than twenty thousand."
What is the next foundation of this fear of
fraud? That civil divisions are to be observed,
cobhttaB &nd the like, which would embrace
lakes and Aesetts in the area to be paid for.
Here is Opened a stretch of space large enough
even for the wit of Dr. Hough, and his wit is so
funny that having been once before exploded
upon the Senate, it is adopted a second time
and reproduced again to-day. Dr. Hough con-
vulses us and puts the shades of Collamer
and Clayton in the pillory by the side-splitting
Suggestion that a man might dive in a lake to
enumerate the inhabitants and count them and
the area of his lake as belonging to his Sub-
division.
< As wit this is irresistible; it has been every
time it was repeated. It has but one objec-
tion. It is a palpable perversion of the stat-
ute which, discarding civil divisions, such as
county lines, commands the marshal to fix and
report the square miles of districts convenient,
practicable, and honest, for the execution of
the law. No lake, no ocean, no desert, there-
fore, Can enter into the area which is to con-
stitute the basid of official compensation. Cor-
ruption, even With a motive, would not dare
attempt it, because the face of the earth would
be a suoding Witness, an open book of record
against it
But, Mr. President, if I may indulge the
expression, the last hair in the tail of ingenuity
was not reached in arguing the dangerous j
liabilities of this provision until we were told
that the law offered an inducement to the mar- :
shal himself to cheat, and that here is an open-
ing for frand, narrower only than a church
door, shallower only than a well. The Chris-
topher Columbus or that idea should personify
the genius of mathematics. Let me tell the
Senate how the marshal is to cheat. The mar-
shal is to receive $1 25 per thousand if the
population of his district falls below one mil-
lion ; he is to receive one dollar a thousand if
it overruns a million ; and so the marshal is
tempted to venality by twenty-five cents a thou-
sand! If this opportunity did really exist,
there maybe those familiar with human infirmity
willing to believe the bribe too great for official
resistance; but let me show the Senate a little
further.
The suggestion is, 6f course, that the popu-
lation might be brought down in districts num-
; bering in the neighborhood of a million below
that point, for the profit of the marshal. Only
think of it! The enumerator counts the people,
the enumerator is to make the false certificate,
and he is to falsely certify in the interest of the
marshal; if he diminishes the number one
thousand the enumerator would cheat himself
out of twenty dollars, and as much more per-
haps of mileage. Yet it is gravely argued that
enumerators could be induced to make a false
certificate to the number of a thousand in order
that a marshal might receite twenty-five cents
per thousand, although the enumerator would
rob himself Of thirty or forty dollars.
Oh, but, aayS this astute advocate, not to be
baffled by ordinary facts, the marshal might
appoint himself an enumerator, and then
what ? I believe no marshal ever did appoint
himsvlf an enumerator; but let me assume
that they would all appoint themselves, and
then when one made twenty-five cents by
leaving out a thousand he would lose twenty
or forty dollars, which, as an enumerator, he
would receive by counting that thousand. Yet
this is not Worse than other staff which has
been volunteered the committee from different
sources.
The Atlantic Monthly and 6thSf magazines,
and then hobbies and crotchets, on fugitive
slips and circulars, afforded months ago the
more practical things which have been urged
upon ns; and now bad selections from them,
filled with suggestions fully considered by the
committee, come, like thrice-told tales, de-
manding andience as novelties.
That some of the grosser errors which have
foreed themselves into the hands of Senators
may not go unrefuted on the record, or refuted
only by a statement so incomplete as I stop
to make, I ask to hand to the reporters at the
conclusion of my remarks a memorandum
treating several points.
I come next to the commendation we have
heard of the distribution of advance schedules
to be filled up by the people, which we have
been assured is indispensable. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts at this stage of
his observations decorated me with his censure.
The honorable Senator affirmed that I did not
apprehend the House bill; that the bill con-
tained no requirement such as I stated to the
Senate 5 and snbsequently, perhaps by way of
showing the sure foundation of his sweeping
statement, he said that he had "been informed"
that there was no such provision in the bill.
Had I a right to do so, I would suggest to the
honorable Senator that when the question is,
is section ten to be found in the bill? it is
hardly necessary to go outside the Senate to
ascertain the fact; and that it might be well
to torn to the section itself before charging a
brother Senator with stupidity too gross. I
stated to the Senate-^not " brandishing," in
the warlike phrase of the Senator, a schedule,
but making profert of a schedule—that a house-
holder's schedule was to be left at every dom-
icile, and an agricultural schedule, such as I j
exhibited, with every farmer, which schedule !
ho was expected to fill up and have ready when I
the census-taker should come again. j
This statement the honorable Senator from i
Massachusetts flatly denied. Taking issue with
me, he said the schedule was not to be left
with the farmer, that even the enumerator was
not to see such a schedule, and that the farmer
is not to be called upon to fill up anything
except some particulars, and the rest of the
inquiries he never need to read. Let us see
how this is. I ask the Secretary to read sec-
tion ten of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That, in tho
coarse of tho twenty days preceding the day fixed
for taking the oensus, the enumerator shall deliver
to tho head of each family in his subdivision, or in
the absencc of such head to an adult member of such
family, a family or householder schedule; and to
each occupierol a farm, a copy of the l'.irin schedule;
and to each owner, proprietor, or manager of a man-
ufacturing, mechanical, or mining establishment, a
copy of the schedule for manufacturing, mechanical,
and mining establishments; and to tho proprietor or
manager of each store or trading establishment, a
copy of the schedulo for persons engaged in trade;
and to the proprietor or manager of each fishery, a'
copy of tho schedule for persons engaged in fisheries;
and it shall bo his duty to explain to cach person to
whom he may d.cliver such schedules the objects of
the same, and tho obligation of such person in rela-
tion thereto, in order that the persons rcceivingsaid
schedules may corrcctly fill the blanks and complete
the answers to tho inquiries therein by the day fixed
for taking the census.
Mr. CONKLING. " In order that the per-
sons receiving said schedules may correctly
fill the blanks and complete the answers to
inquiries therein by the day fixed for taking the
census." In illustrating that provision Ishowed
to the^enate this schedule, [exhibiting it;] and
what is the answer of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts? I read his words:
"This large schedule, which the Senator held
up bo triumphantly before the Senate, will not
be seen nor oven shown to tho farmer, nor to the
enumerator himself, under the House bill. So I am
informed."
Mr. President, if assertion covered time and
space, assertion would do.
Mr. SUMNEE. Did I understand the Sen-
ator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
Massachusetts ? «
Mr. CONKLING. As readily as he refused
to yield to me on yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I yielded repeatedly, as the Globe will
Bhow. There it is.
Mr. CONKLING. Not repeatedly; and the
Senator refused me leave to correct one of his
Statements. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator objects to
my interposing 
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. I yield as
readily to the Senator as he refused on yes-
terday to yield to me.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator again mis-
■ states me. I say that the Globe shows that I
yielded repeatedly. But the question I wish
to ask now is whether the schedule which he
holds in hi3 hand is the one to be left with the
farmer. I understand not. I was so informed
by one of the most competent census-takers of
the country; and my information was that the
Senator was in error in assuming that. I was
so assured. My informant may have been in
error, but he was so circumstanced as to have
good sources of information. There is a spe-
cific schedule printed, a copy of which I thought
I had with me, but I find 1 have left it at home,
to be left with the farmer, differing from the
one which the Senator holds in his hand.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, is it not
somewhat remarkable that the honorable Sen-
ator, moved most reluctantly, as he has told
us, by a conscientious and rigorous sense of
duty, should differ with all the rest of the
Committee and attempt to overthrow the com-
mittee, and yet as to the contents of the bill
itself should take the hearsay of outsiders, I
care not who they may be? Here is the bill,
with schedule No. 3 on page 28 of the bill)
entitled " statistics of agriculture," (farm
schedule,) and the bill provides that a copy
of the " farm schedule" shall be delivered to
" each occupier of a farm." Where, then,
