4920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
I do not know that debate changes the opin-
ion of Senators, and therefore their votes, and
perhaps the five minutes' discussion for that
end might be ail that is necessary. But our
debates are not even now professedly limited
to the mere matter of enlightening each other.
Wo have here the declarations of men in regard
to the interests of the great classes of people
whom they represent, and they are entitled to
be heard, not for the pleasure of the speaker,
not, perhaps, for the effect that his argument
may have upon those whose votes are to decide
the question, but (to use that which I am not
in the habit of using; something of the slang
of the day) it is the "ventilation" of questions
that are interesting and important to the peo-
ple whom he represents.
This bill contains propositions favoring cer-
tain very limited classes of capitalists in this
country to a degree that is palpably and mon-
strously unjust, and I do not think that the
opportunity of saving the masses of the people
of this country from these enormous taxes, put
on them under the name and pretense of pro-
tection, should be suffered to go by without the
fullest and broadest discussion and the most
thorough investigation.
I trust the Senate will not take, as wo term
it in courts of law, a snap judgment on these
various heads of tariff discussions by insti-
tuting this five-minute rule. I trust that there
■will be left in the Senate a sense of what is due
themselves and due to the people, that will
restrain them quite as sufficiently as this rigor-
ous rule which is proposed to be adopted. It
may be that five minutes will not be occupied
in the discussion of one fourth of these meas-
ures; that they may be acted on without dis-
cussion, and command a ready assent or in-
pfcant disapproval. But there are others that
will command a far larger and wider discus-
sion, embracing fields of much more import-
ance ; and 1 should be unwilling to see a Sen-
ator cut short in his attempt to expose the gross
abuses that are contained in this tariff meas-
ure ; and I think the fullest time should bo given
to its consideration.
I trust, therefore, that the habit of the Sen-
ate heretofore in allowing debate to be limited
by the sense of propriety of the several Sen-
ators may still continue to be our rule. If you
limited debate to the average of five minutes
on each topic I have no doubt it would far
more than exceed the time that Senators might
desire to occupy. The mass of these heads
will pass without discussion. They will be
brought up and agreed to or disagreed to with-
uot debate. There are others that will lead to
debate, and if they are not debated it seems
to me it will only be by a dereliction of public
duty that they shall be suffered to pass.
I therefore trust that this resolution will not
be approved by the Senate; or, if we are to be
limited as to the time of discussing this sub-
ject, I hope the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Alabama may at least be adopted;
that ten minutes may be given to us instead of
five, although I trust the Senate will refuse to
impose any limitation at all upon the discre-
tion of Senators as to what they think the
proper time to discuss this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama, to strike out "five" and insert "ten"
minutes as the time which each Senator shall
be entitled to on each amendment pending.
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—ayes 12, noes 27.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
mo to innko a suggestion to him?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is manifest now
as_ to the sense of the Senate on this prop-
osition, and perhaps to avoid any objection
on the part of Senators, we could adopt this
proposition by unanimous consent, instead of
by a rule.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have not the slightest
objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution only ap-
plies to this bill, and if it works hardship in
any particular case, and a Senator desires it,
the time can be extended.
_ Mr._STOCKTON. The only object I had
in rising was to say that no Senator in the
United States has ever heretofore been, against
his consent, deprived of the power of speaking
on such a measure as this, and I want the Sen-
ate to understand that this is an attempt to do
that for the first time. I am perfectly willing
and shall make no objection to this being done
by an agreement by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the res-
olution, the Senator from Oregon asks unani-
mous consent that this may be agreed to by
Senators without making it a positive rule.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
then recurs on the resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My own judgment is
against adopting such a proposition, either by
an agreement or by a rule; but at the sugges-
tion of Senators around me I will withdraw the
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, if there
be no objection, it will be taken as an agree-
ment by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Does it apply to to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. To this bill only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection ; and it is ordered by the Senate
unanimously.
TAX HILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] to strike
out all that portion of the bill relating to tax-
ation on sugar, and to insert a provision that
there shall henceforth be no tax upon tea, cof-
fee, or sugar, upon which the Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor; debate being
now limited to five minutes to each Senator.
Mr. YATES. Although I intended to say
more yesterday on this subject I was cut off
by the order of the Senate very properly, and
I do not propose now to extend my remarks,
unless it be in reply to some Senator who may
assail the positions which I took yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that proposition susceptible
of a division ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It is
a motion to strike out and insert; and by the
twelfth rule a motion to strike out and insert
is not divisible.
Mr. YATES. I will inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky what division he proposes?
Mr. DAVIS. Is that an amendment to an
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senate yesterday, by two majority, refused to
strike out the paragraphs in regard to sugar.
The Senator from Illinois then moved, as was
in order under the twelfth rule, to strike out
those paragraphs and insert in their stead
what ho has proposed.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it in order now to move to
amend the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, in regard
to the language proposed to be inserted.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, then, to strike out the
word "sugar." I am willing to vote for his
proposition as to the other articles, but not
upon that.
Mr. YATES. I will modify my amendment
in that way, and ask for the yeas and nays on
the proposition as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. It is not in order for the Senator from
Illinois to move to strike out tea and coffee,
because the tax on those articles hasbeen agreed
upon in Committee of the Whole. It_ will be
in order in the Senate, but is not now in order
to strike out those two words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the question of order on this ground,
that the Senator has a right to move to strike
out any paragraph and move to insert some-
thing in its stead. If it is not symmetrical
with the bill it cannot be ruled out on a ques-
tion of order, but that addresses itself to the
judgment of the Senate. If this.amendment
should be agreed to, of course the Senate_after-
ward, after disposing of the committee's
amendments will have to strike out other parts
of the bill to make it homogeneous with this
amendment. The Chair cannot rule the amend-
ment out on a question of order. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the paragraphs in
regard to sugar and inserting what the Secre-
tary will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided. That after the passage of this act
there shall bo levied no duties upon tea and coffee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this amend-
ment the Senator from Illinois demands the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word
upon that amendment, without taking time.
This amendment is put upon the ground that
it is for the benefit of the poor people of this
country. I should like to know how much of
a necessity tea is to the poor people of this
country ? I understand the Senator from Illi-
nois to be in favor of taxing the hats and coats
and shoes and all the clothing of the poor peo-
ple of this country ; but we are told it is neces-
sary to dispense with the tax on their tea. I
should like to know if the people cannot dis-
pense with tea as well as with hats or coats or
boots, and articles of that description ? I think
it is the judgment of the country that tlie less
tea there is used in the country the better for
all concerned, and if it was stricken out of
existence I doubt whether anybody in this
country would suffer any injury. As to coffee,
although it is an article of general consump-
tion, yet its excessive use is injurious, and it
is not one of those very great necessities that
ought to be exempted altogether from tax-
ation. It is used generally by people through-
out the country, and may be regarded to some
extent as a necessity; but there are many
greater necessities than coffee. If there are
any articles that ought to paya tax, itseemsto
me these two articles are among that number.
It is a tax, too, that is paid insensibly by the
people, and I have yet to hear of the extraor-
dinary complaints that are suggested from the
people as to the tax upon tea and coffee.
Mr. CORBBTT. The bill proposes to re-
duce it $8,500,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Of coursc I do not look
at this amendment in a financial point of view ;
but it strikes out a very large item from the
taxes of the country, some twenty millions, I
presume, at any rate, upon these two articles.
Mr. SHERMAN. Twenty-one millions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Twenty-one million dol-
lp.rs of taxes on tea and coffee are to be stricken
out, and no substitute proposed. Now, I un-
dertake to say that the people of the United
States can pay $20,000,000 of taxes upon tea
and coffee as easily, and they will pay it as will-
ingly, as upon any other articles. We must
have these taxes in some shape. I know it
is desirable to abolish taxes; but taxes must
necessarily be raised, and they ought to be
raised in a way that will least discommode the
people.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am sure my honor-
able friend from Oregon will receive the remark
which I intend to make in perfect kindness,
because it is intended in perfect kindness. I
am not surprised that my honorable friend
should have a great aversion to tea, coming as
it does from China. Recently my honorable
