3976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
tion is, ''Shall the pending order be passed
over?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 41, nays 18; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Cole, Corbctt,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Harris, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Revels, Rice, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Trumbull, Viol!ers, Warner, Willey,
and Williams—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Hamlin, Howe,
-Howell, McCrecry, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stockton, and Tipton—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Casserly, Cattell, Cragin, Fen-
ton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howard, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Stewart, Thurman, Wilson, and
Y ates—13.
So the motion of Mr. Harlan was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I suppose we shall
be allowed to go on with the judicial circuit
bill. I think we can finish it in a very few
minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is now the pending
question?
The PRESIDENTjjro tempore. The pending
cjuestion is on the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] to the bill (S.
No. 387) to change the judicial circuits, that
bill being again before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what the
effect of that is. As the committee have
arranged the circuits, the third circuit consists
of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mary-
land,, and Virginia, five States, with a popu-
lation of 5,973,733. Those live States have
on the present docket of the Supreme Court
twenty-three cases. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania wants to take Virginia off fioni this
third circuit and pnt it on to the circuit con-
sisting of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, and Alabama, and to take
Tennessee off fro'm the circuit of North Caro-
lina and South Carolina and put it on the
Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, and Arkansas
circuit. It does not very materially change
the arrangement of the committee. It would
leave this third oircuit a little smaller, but
the fourth and fifth circuits would be about as
they are, except that the Louisiana circuit would
be increased by puttingTennessee upon it. In
population theLouisianacircuitisniuchsmaller
than the Pennsylvania circuit; but the busi-
ness from New Orleans has been very large.
It would not derange the arrangement of the
'committee very materially. 1 prefer it as the
committee have it; but I do not think it im-
portant whether Virginia is put in with North
Carolina and South Carolina, or whether it
refflains with Pennsylvania, as the committee
bad it. '
Mr. SCOTT. We'think it very important.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion i3 on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON and Mr. SCOTT called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted-—yeas 23, nays 25 ; as fol-
lows :
YI3AS—Mcssis. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, Cas-
serly. Gorbert,l)avis, Drake, Howell, Johnston,
Lewis, Pool. Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Thayer,
V lokers, W arner, and Willey—23.
NA\ S—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman. Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler. Conklmg,
LdmunUs, herry, iuwler, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Harris, Kellogg, MeCreery, Pomeroy, Pratt,
luce, Robertson, Schurz, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull. and VV illiams—25.
ABbl'jNT Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Cragin, Fen ton,
Flanagan, Gilbert. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vcimont, Morton, Norton, Hye. Osborn, Pat-
terson. Ross Sawyer, Stewart, Thurman, Wilson,
and 1 .ties—
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the bill by
adding as at) additional section the following:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the first
section of the actof J uly 23,3860, to fix the number
of judges of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and to change certain judicial circuits, bo amended
by striking out therefrom the words " of the United
States;" and the act of April 10.1869, to amend the
judicial system of the United States, be amended
by striking out therefrom the words " of the United
States," in the second place of their occurrence
theroin; and the Chief Justice of said court shall
bo known and designated as Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
It will be necessary to offer a word of expla-
nation of this amendment. I have no doubt
it will commend itself perfectly to the accept-
ance of the Senate as soon as they understand
why it is offered. It seems that in 1866, doubt-
less by inadvertence, there crept into an act
of Congress an improper and illegal designa-
tion of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States. I will read the first sec-
tion of the first act referred to in the amend-
ment, which is in the following words:
"That no vacancy in the office of associate justice
of the Supreme Court shall be filled by appointment
until the number of associate justices shall be re-
duced to six; and theieafter the said Supreme Court
shall consist of a Chief Justice of the United States
and six associate justices, any four of whom shall be
a quorum."
Then again the first section of the second
act referred to in the amendment is in these
words:
"That the Supremo Court of the United States
shall horoafter consi.-t of the Chief Justice of the
United States and eight associate justices."
The result of that legislation was the assump-
tion by the Ciiief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, of the title of
" Chief Justice of the United States." That
was manifested in the impeachment trial, the
report of which I have in my hand. It appears
there that when the Chief Justice administered
the oath of oflice to Andrew Johnson upon his
accession to the Presidency, he styled himself
'• Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States;" but throughout the record
, of the impeachment trial he assumed the title
of "Chief Justice of the United States."
There is no such oflice known to this Govern-
ment as "Chief Justice of the United States."
i here is a Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States; but no Chief Justice
of the United States, any more than there is
an associate justice of the United States, or a
marshal of the United States, being the mar-
shal of the Supreme Court, or a clerk of the
.United States^heing clerk of the Supreme
Court of the^ United States. It is to correct
this impropriety in previous acts of Congress
and to settle this matter, that I offer the amend-
ment, which I doubt not will be acceptable to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
Ihe PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let them be voted upon
separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion, then, will be on concurring in the first
amendment.
The Chief Clerk, The first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole was in line
five, to strike out the words "and New Jersey."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report of the Judi-
ciary Committee is all one amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But there
is an amendment which has been made on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; but it is all
one amendment, with the exception of the
amendment made by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
ThePRESlDENTprotoi^pore, SotheChair
understands.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order at this time
to offer an amendment which shall restore New
Jersey in the fifth line as it stood as the bill
was originally introduced ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole. The Senator will accomplish his pur-
pose by voting in the negative.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit to the Senate th.it
it would be wise to place the State of New Jer-
sey in the circuit now composed of the Sta'e
of New York alone, in the amended bill. The
Senate have just refused to diminish the size of
the third circuit, which contains the States of
Pennsylvania, Virginia, Delaware. Maryland,
and also the State of New Jersey. The matter
of population, properas it is to be considered in
estimating the amount of business to be trans-
acted in the court, entitled as it is to all weight,
and consideration in the proportion of labors to
the different judges who are assigned to these
circuits, is yet by no means the only consider-
ation. Not only are we to consider the area
of territory to be traversed by these judges in
seeking their places of duty, but I think a good
deal is to be allowed for the habits of business
as between the city and country, between the
prompt, active habits of such a city as New
York and the more leisurely, dilatory habits,
if I may so call them, of the courts in the rural
districts. I put it to the practical experience
of every lawyer who hears mo whether a judge
accustomed to the methods of transacting busi-
ness in the cities, where business is condensed,
and where it is transacted necessarily with more
speed, will not pass upon twenty-five cases while
five cases are being heard in the more rural dis-
tricts. I believe that men accustomed to per-
forming business in the city of New York and
in the courts of similarly densely populated
communities would transact more business in
one week than judges in Virginia or in the
rural districts of Pennsylvania would transact
in a month.
The geographical position and relation of
New Jersey to New York would render it, a
very proper addition to that circuit. The neces-
sary commercial influence that New York ex-
erts over all the States who are her neighbors,
and peculiarly over the State of New Jersey,
which lies near the great emporium of New
York, the city of New York, also renders it
proper. Any man who passes over the territory
of New Jersey by the various railroad routes
will discover that the villages of New Jersey
form nothing more than suburbs of the great
city of New York. The ties of business) the
system of contracts, the habits of business of
the people are homogeneous; and I submit to
the Senate that it would be a wise apportion-
ment of labor, tending to facilitate the business
of the communities of the States of New York
and New Jersey, if they were contained in a
single circuit.
At first this bill was drawn so as to embrace
the State of New Jersey in the same circuit
with New York. The Senate have acted upon
the amendment striking out New Jersey from
the second circuit and joining her to the third
circuit, where already we hare Pennsylvania,
with her vast area, Virginia, with Iter still more
extensive area, combined with the territory of
Maryland and the little State of Del aware.
Now, sir, when you increase the number of
States within a circuit, you increase the num-
ber of terms of court to be held, be their busi-
ness more or less, and time must bo occupied
in reaching the various points where theso
courts are to be held. T submit to the Senate
that it would be a wise apportionment of labor
and would facilitate the business of the two cir-
cuits, the second and third, if the State of New
Jersey should be thrown in with the State of
New York. I trust, therefore, as we are now
to vote upon concurring in the amendment made
in Committee ot the Whole, which separates the
State of New Jersey from the circuit in which
it was placed in the original draft of the bill,
being the second circuit, and throws her in
with four other States, that the Senate will
refuse to concur in the amendment, so that
the State of New Jersey shall continue to be
