1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Funding Bill—Mr, Howe.
Senate.
sentiments of the speech to which I referred
than I can be myself. I certainly should not
dispute any interpretation that he puts upon
it on the strength of my own poor recollection.
But my recollection of it was what I stated.
If such was not the instruction conveyed to us
in that particular speech, I think the Senator's
recollection will accord with mine upon the
point that we were taught by the press as well
as the politicians of that school that when cer-
tain States had one after the other raised the
llag of independence and passed their ordi-
nances of secession the Union was dissolved.
So much as to the political condition of the
country as the Republicans found it in March,
18C1. As to the financial condition of the
country my recollection is, (and I speak with
extreme caution, because I know the liability
of my memory to mislead me,) that instead of
finding a Treasury upon whose credit no stain
rested, we found one which was endeavoring
to negotiate twelve per cent, bonds in the
market and found difficulty in doing it.
But, Mr. President, I said that I did notrise
with any view of reviewing the speech of the
honorable Senator from Delaware, nor do I
intend to occupy the attention of the Senate
for a long time. I do not underestimate, and
no man can overestimate, the importance of the
subject which the pending bill undertakes to
treat, and yet I shall spend but very few min-
utes, I hope, in commenting upon it. During
these many years, while the finances of the
country have been allowed to drift as they
would, each one of us has had a happy oppor-
tunity of concocting his own perfect and special
scheme of finance, and judging from the num-
ber of plans which have been submitted in
speech and in bill and in resolution and in the
public press and in pamphlets I imagine that
the opportunity has been pretty thoroughly
employed. That leaves to us individually
nothing but to compare the pending bill with
our own several plans, and to determine how
far it is in accord, or how far it is at variance,
with them.
I myself have not neglected ray own oppor-
tunities ; my plan of finance, adopted after ma-
ture consideration and after considering what-
ever I had an opportunity to listen to or to
read, I submitted to the Senate in January last.
I then endeavored, Mr. President, to persuade
the Senate that the only escape that we could
find from honest indebtedness was in honest
payment. I endeavored to show that the debt
which most dishonored, and therefore which
most embarrassed us, was our overdue demand
notes. 1 tried to show that while those notes
continued in circulation specie must remain
under sentence of banishment; that when
legal tenders were banished specie would return
again. I urged, therefore, that the first step
in financial reform should be to allow the con-
version of those notes into interest-bearing
time bonds, and to make those bonds the basis
of a new bank circulation ; and that when this
discredited paper no longer crippled private
capital or threatened the public credit then I
urged the effort to refund the whole debt in a
new bond on longer time and at a lower rate
of interest.
Such, in brief, was my plan. Comparing the
pending bill with that, I confess there is but
little for me to complain of. In the pending
bill I find both the measures for which I con-
tended. In the pending bill it is proposed at
once to substitute national bank notes forUnited
States notes_ just as fast as capital chooses to
do it; and it is also proposed to refund the
whole debt at a lower rate of interest.
I thought myself, and I so urged, that we
ought to attempt one thing at a time; that
cither of these labors would be all we could
reasonably hope to accomplish at once. The
Finance Committee seem disposed to do busi-
ness more rapidly. They propose both of
these labors at once. Of course, if we can
accomplish them both, I like the plan of the
Finance Committee much better than my own.
Believing both these measures to be wise, and
to be demanded by the best interests of the
country, the sooner they can be accomplished
the better it will be, in my judgment, for the
country; and if these two measures, being
attempted at one and the same time, do not
interfere with and trip each other, of course
the plan of the Finance Committee is the best.
If, therefore, this law can be enforced when
it is enacted I shall like it better than if I had
been allowed to draw the bill myself.
But,.sir, I think it will be confessed that to
reloan $1,200,000,000 at a saving of from one
sixth to one third of the interest, and at the
same time to substitute nearly four hundred
million dollars of United States notes with
national bank notes, to do this all at once, is no
chore for a child. [Laughter. ] In reading this
bill I could not help thinking that the Commit-
tee on Finance was inspired by something of
that ambition which fired the boy who insisted
upon putting a peck of eggs under a setting hen
at once, and when remonstrated with said that
he wanted to see the old hen spread herself.
[Laughter.] In demanding of capital to do
both these labors at the same time I think the
Finance Committee must have been a little
curious to know just how much capital could do.
I do not undertake to deny that both these
labors can be performed at once; but I do say
that a prudent teamster having a very heavy
load to take up a hill will ordinarily divide it
and go two turns rather than by attempting to
take the whole at once run the risk of balking
his team and not. getting up at all; and I think
it would be the part of prudence and wisdom
for us to undertake to execute but one of these
measures at a time.
I proposed for the first effort the displace-
ment of United States notes with bank notes.
Why did I propose that for the first step?
I assigned the reasons at the time, and shall
repeat only one of them, which is that I
thought those notes were due by their terms:
that you had promised to pay them now; that
they were overdue, and that their existence in
the circulation of the country dishonored the
country. In that view I am glad to find I am
corroborated, not only by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, but by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
The Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
committee, declared his opinion in thes4 words:
"My own opinion would be that in justice and
equity the United States notes ought to be converted
into any of these bonds."
Any of the bonds provided for in the bill.
'' Why ? Because the notes are a debt of the high-
est obligation. They are due, they are payable, and
no discrimination ought to be made against thera.
i can give no reason why the holder of notes should
not have just as much for his note as the holder of a
bond for his bond."
And the Senator from Massachusetts, using
terms even more emphatic than these, declared:
"Applying this scrutiny to our case it appears that
on our existing bonded debtwehave thus performed
all existing obligations, not without discussion, I
regret to add, that'has left in some quarters a linger-
ing doubt with regard to the future and not without
an opposition still alive if not formidable. But the
case is worse with regard to that other branch of
the national debt, known as legal tenders, where we
daily fail to perform existing obligations, so that
these notes are nothing moro than so much failed
paper. With regard to this branch of the national
debt, there is an open confession of insolvency, and
ea«h day renews the confession. Now, by the im-
mutable laws of credit, which all legislative enact-
ments are impotent to counteract or expunge, the
nation must suffer when it enters the market as a
borrower, Faiiingto pay these obligations already
due, it must pay more ior what it borrows. Nor can
we hope for more than partial success until this
dishonor is removed."
J>Ir. President, I thought those were brave
words. I thought for a moment I heard the
angels clap their hands when they were pro-
nounced. But I was mistaken ; they did not
cl?ip their hands. I think they had read the
pending bill, and they saw clearly, as it seems
to me we must see clearly, that at the same
time we put upon our records the solemn con-
fession that these notes dishonor the nation
yet we make no honest effort to get rid of them.
This bill, almost the whole of it, is a provision
for getting rid of the bonded debt, in regard
to which the Senator from Massachusetts ex-
plains that we have hitherto discharged every
duty that rests upon us. Two little clauses,
the last section and one clause of the third
section perhaps, open the way for some possi-
ble diminution of this debt which both these
Senators declare not only dishonors the char-
acter of the nation, but also weakens the credit
of the nation. What have we to gain by the
funding of the notes? Both these Senators
instruct us. The honor of the nation is to be
redeemed; the credit of the nation is to be
repaired and improved. What have we to gain
by refunding your already funded debt? The
most that the Senator from Massachusetts hopes
to gain is one per cent.; the most that the bill
proposes to gain is an average of one and a half
per cent.; and the Senator from Ohio instructs
us he does not expect that even this benefit
will be realized. One per cent, to be gained
by refunding the bonded debt, and honor to be
redeemed by the refunding or the retirement
of your legal tenders! Why, sir, is the bill
logical? Does not Shakspeare instruct us,
out of the month of " the noblest Roman of
them all," something like this:
" Set honor in one eye and one per cent, i1 the other.
And i will look on both indifferently;
For, let the gods so speed me, as I love
The name of honor more than i love one cent."
I am not sure that I quote that author cor-
rectly ; but I will turn to another author, whom
I shall not misquote. There is within the sound
of my voice a Senator who in some part of his
honorable career has been a merchant, a suc-
cessful merchant, one who has illustrated the
value that there is in character, in honesty, and
integrity ; and since this debate opened I have
heard him say that to save his own commercial
honor he himself has paid on large sums of
indebtedness thirty-six per cent, per annum.
If an individual can afford such sacrifices to
save his commercial credit and his individual
honor, cannot this great nation afford to forego
one per cent, a little longer to take care of its
honor and its credit, especially when we are
taught, and most truly taught, by the Senator
from Massachusetts that only when your honor
is fully redeemed can you hope to go into the
money markets of the world and to obtain
money upon such terms as your unquestionable
resources entitle you to expect?
Mr. President, I thought, reasoning just as
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Massachusetts do, that it was'our first business
to get rid of these legal-tender notes, and with
that view I not only proposed that it should be
the first attempt, but I thought we had better
offer to the holders of those notes the best bond
known to our law in exchange for them. The
pending bill offers to them the worst and poor-
est bond known to your law. I suggested the
offer to them of a six per cent, bond, that being
the best bond now extant. This bill proposes
to them only a four per cent, bond—that and
nothing more ; and this bill does not contain
even that offer fairly and openly made.
It has been preceded by a very remarkable
measure. Only in January last the Senate was
occupied with the discussion of a bill to regu-
late the distribution of the currency, what was
called a currency bill. At that time we were
admonished by the Senator from Ohio, from
whose committee that bill was reported, that
we must not try to do too much, that we must
treat currency as one thing and funding as
another; and therefore, being reminded by
him that there was a gross inequality in the
