3978
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
June 1,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. After the
doings the other morning respecting the swear-
ing in of a member it is necessary to watch
proceedings here very sharply. What is this
bill?
The Clerk read the title of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is in the
power of the select Committee oa Reconstruc-
tion to report anything at any time, and I object.
claims against venezuela.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on For-
eign Affairs, to which was referred the memo-
rial of the claimants against Venezuela, have
instructed me to ask that they may have leave
to have printed certain evidence sent to the
committee by the Secretary of State.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
improvement 01' tiie upper mississippi.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the House
of May 18, 1870, in relation to the improve-
ment of the upper Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
claim op thomas w. fey, jr.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
Thomas W. Pry, jr., late captain and assistant
quartermaster of volunteers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
territorial penitentiaries.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to an act
<7f Congress setting aside certain proceeds from
internal revenue for the location of peniten-
tiaries in the Territories of Nebraska, Washing-
ton, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and
Dakota.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that thatcommuni-
cation be referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and printed.
Mr. ALLISON. It ought to go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. It relates to the
disposition to be made of taxes.
Mr. CULLOM. It is aquestion that belongs
especially to the Committee on the Territories.
We have half a dozen bills on the subject
before us.
Mr. Cullom's motion was agreed to.
mail contractors.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Postmaster General, in com-
pliance with section twenty-two of the act of
July 2, 1836, transmitting a report of all lines
imposed and deductions made from the pay of
contractors for transporting the mails of the
United States for the year ending June 00,
1809, for failure to deliver the mails, &e.;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
georgia,
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
copies of General Terry's reports on Georgia;
which were referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
assistant united states marshals.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Education and
Labor the bill (H. R. No. 2020) relating to
qualifications of assistant marshals of the United
States, with a view to put it upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that all com-
petent persons, without regard to sex, shall be
eligible to be appointed and act as assistant
marshals of the United States, and to perform
all duties authorized by the act of May 23,1850,
providing for taking the seventh census, &c.,
and the acts amendatory thereof,
Mr. SCHENCK. That will give rise to
debate. I must call for the regular order.
Mr. WOOD. I object to the bill.
order, op business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question. I desire to call up the
motion to reconsider the vote whereby a reso-
lution relating to taxation was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I would ask if the gentleman has the
floor for that purpose?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schencic] was upon the floor in regard
to the order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is.
a privileged question, is it not?
The SPEAKER. It could not take the gen-
tleman from Ohio from the floor. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts can, of course, call
up his privileged question at any time when
the floor is not occupied.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Ohio had made his motion, I
believe, and relinquished the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Massachusetts that there is no
difficulty whatever in getting the floor (luring
the five-minutes debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, Mr. Speaker, before
I demand the regular order, which brings up
the tax bill, I ask unanimous consent to state
a condition of things which ought to be accom-
modated by some new arrangement. To-day
after the morning hour was set apart for busi-
ness of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. My great desire is to get at the tax bill
and push it through, finishing it if possible to-
day, which I think can be done. We have never
yet had a solid day's work upon it—scarcely in
any case more than two hours out of the six.
I have conferred with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, [Mr. Gar-
field, of Ohio,] and he is willing to have his
bill go over upon the same terms till Tuesday
next after the morning hour. I ask the House
to give its unanimous consent to that arrange-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the case. Several days since this
day, after the morning hour, was by unani-
mous consent assigned to business of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. That order
can only take effect if there be a morning hour.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, now occupies the floor on unfinished
business which comes over from yesterday and
excludes the morning hour, unless the gentle-
man relinquishes his right to the floor. As
the business of the Committee on Banking and
Currency is thus excluded to-day, the gentle-
man from Ohio asks consent that the arrange-
ment made for to-day with reference to busi-
ness of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency may be considered as holding good for
Tuesday next, under the same conditions as at
present exist.
Several Members. No objection.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have an un-
derstanding with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] that if it be necessary to bring
up an appropriation bill he will waive the con-
sideration of his bill.
The SPEAKER. This arrangement has
reference to but a single day. The bill will
not be continued from day to day as a special
order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
should find it necessary, I shall be quite will-
ing to give way for an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Any arrangement which
may be made at the close of the day next
Tuesday will be in the discretion of the House;
but the Chair will notify the chairman of the
Committee on Banking and Currency that his
bill cannot go over till the succeeding day,
unless before the adjournment on Tuesday
the previous question be seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will this inter-
fere at all with the right of the Committee on
Banking and Currency to its regular morning
hour ? .
The SPEAKER. Not at all; this has noth-
ing to do with that whatever.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I object, for the
purpose of making an inquiry. I wish to know
what effect this arrangement is to have upon
the call of the committees ?
The SPEAKER. None whatever. It does
not interfere with the call of committees at all.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. If the morning
hour is to be excluded to-day, and if the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency is to be called
next Tuesday, does not that arrangement in
fact postpone the regular call of committees ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency are to bring up their business
after the morning hour.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I withdraw my
objection. I only wanted a distinct under-
standing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the House pro-
ceeds with the tax bill, which as unfinished
business crowds out the morning hour to-day,
I wish to say that I have conferred with the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, and
have said to him that if we be allowed a solid
day's work to-day on the tax bill, I shall,
whether we finish it or_ not to-day, and I pre-
sume we can at least finish it to-morrow, I shall
in either event be willing to waive this bill for
the morning hour to morrow. I now demand
the regular order.
internal tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means offered yesterday an amendment to
the sixteenth section, to which the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] offered an amend-
ment. The Clerk will read the amendment of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The Clerk read as follows:
Pago 42, line seventeen, after the word " control,"
strike out "shall be allowed a discount of ten per
cent, on any amount exceeding $500 purchased at one
tune," and in lieu thereof insert "and who shall pur-
chase at any one time an amount exceeding S500 shall
bo allowed ten per cent, on such excess over 1500."
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Maine proposes to strike out
at the end of the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio the words "such excess over $500,"
and insert in lieu thereof '' the amount of such
purchase.'' The amendment of the gentleman
from Maine is an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer it to the original text.
The SPEAKER. That has been voted on
yesterday on the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. LYNCH. Is the question debatable?
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 48, no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Schenck and Mr.
Lynch.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes CO.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Schenck's
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make some explanation of the amendment,
because I do not believe any vote would have
been given like that just taken if the question
had been understood. The present law allows
ten per cent, deduction on an amount exceed-
ing $500. Now, what was intended by that
