4922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
be very glad to reduce or take off the duty on
tea and coffee altogether, if it were practicable.
We have now, by the bill reported by the Sen-
ate Committee on Finance, reduced that duty
two fifths. We have taken off two fifths of the
tax, that is, ten cents a pound on tea and two
cents on coffee. I think that this will be very-
satisfactory to all portions of the community.
It will reduce the duty upon these articles and
give the people their tea and coffee much
-cheaper. Then, perhaps, during the next ses-
sion of Congress, when we ascertain how our
incomc shall have been increased, as I have
no doubt it will be, we may then be able to
take off perhaps the entire tax, or nearly so.
It seems to, me, therefore, that it is wiser to
reduce this tax gradually, and not to go be-
yond what is actually necessary to relieve the
country at this time. It seems to me that we
are taking off now eight and a half millions of
the tax upon tea and coffee, and I hope that
will be satisfactory. Therefore I shall vote
against the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Illinois
yesterday, in the course of his speech to which
I made no reply, said, speaking of myself:
"There wont up from him an appeal which I will
never make to the poor against the rich. Sir, tho
Government of this country does not belong to the
rich nor to tho poor; it belongs to overybody, high
and low, rich and poor, ignorant and learned."
I disclaim any such sentiment. I made no
such appeal. My remarks are contained in
this same copy ot the Globe, and no one word
can be found in them that can even be con-
strued to be such an appeal. It is competent
for me to speak of a tax bearing hard on the
poor, or of a tax that can be paid readily by
the rich, without makiug an appeal to the poor
against the lich, I have never done such a
thing, and there is no word or phrase in my
speech that can fairly be construed into such
an appeal.
Mr. President, I am opposed to the motion
made by the Senator from Illinois to strike out
the tax upon tea and coffee entirely ; not be-
cause I would not be glad to be able to strike
off the tax, but because I do not believe that
at. this time it can be done, and the adoption
of such a motion, if it contributed to any pur-
pose, would be to defeat the whole proposition.
As was stated yesterday, the entire reduction
of the tax upon tea, coffee, and sugar would
make a hiatus iu the revenue of some $54,-
000,000. I do not now exactly know where
that deficit can be supplied. If I did I should
be very glad to go lor it. But as the House
bill proposes and as the Senate committee
report to reduce the tax on tea from tweuly-
fivo cents a pound to fifteen cents a pound, and
on coffee from five cents to three ccnts, that is
a material relief. I believe it can be carried,
and that it will be a benefit to the country; but
the proposition now made is that we shall
strike off the tax upon tea and coffee entirely,
and leave the tax upon sugar at what it is.
Why, Mr. President, of the three articles,
sugar is of the most universal use and neces-
sity. I hold in my hand a statement made out
by the Secretary of the Treasury, showing that
while the whole number of pounds of tea im-
ported into the United States last year was
o0,141,000; of coffee, 230,81-1,000; in thesame
time there were 938,831,000 pounds of coarse
sugars, 53,000,000 pounds of refined sugars,
13,000,000 pounds of another kind of sugars,
and then of sugar refined, 52,000,000 pounds.
Then there was a large amount of molasses and
sirup besides ; showing that the consumption
of sugars and molasses is three or four or five
times what the consumption of tea and coffee is.
I am disposed, if possible, to have some
relief on all these things. 1 am for a practical
measure. I want to keep in the bill the reduc-
tion oil sugar of thirty-three per cent, which
the House has sent here. I want to keep this
reduction of the duty upon tea and coffee in the
■ bill; but I am not willing to bring about the
defeat of the whole measure by proposing to
strike out the entire duty on tea and coffea,
because I believe it will not be finally accepted.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois will indulge the Chair iu stating
that the understanding of the Senate was that
debate by each Senator upon an amendment
was to be confined to five minutes.
Mr. YATES. Then I rise to a personal
explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the Senator proceeding.
Mr. YATES. I infer from what the Senator
from Indiana read from the remarks I made
yesterday that he may have supposed I charged
him with making an appeal in favor of the
poor against the rich, which is understood to
be a sort of demagogical appeal; but in no re-
mark that I made did I intend to impute that
to the Senator. The Senator pointed his finger
to me, and so did the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Drake,] and said in regard to the repeal
of the income tax that it would be the death
of the Republican party.
Mr. MORTON. I made no sueli remark.
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir; I have the remarks
before me.
Mr. MORTON. That I said it would be tho
death of the Republican party?
Mr. YATES. Not you; but the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. MORTON. The party is not so easily
killed as that.
Mr. YATES. I do not want to involve the
Senator from Missouri in this controversy,
because he has nothing to do with it.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 did not say that either,
Mr. President.
Mr. YATES. I rise simply to say that I
wished to cast no imputation on the Senator
from Indiana. There is no man in the Sen-
ate or in the Northwest whom I so highly
respect for his great and illustrious services,
and he has no better friend than I am. I did
not intend to misrepresent him. But at the
same time I cannot escape the secret charge,
the sly insinuation that when we proposed to
repeal the income tax or to discontinue it we
were legislating for the rich against, the poor.
I am as sensitive on this point as the Senator
can be. I do not propose to relieve the rich ;
I propose a fair and just system of taxation ;
and now by my amendment 1 propose to release
tea and coffee, which are not raised in this coun-
try, which do not come into competition with
any interest in this country ; and there is no
principle of protection that demands that any
Senator shall vote against this amendment.
Mr. President, if you want protection to your
manufactures come up and say so to your indus-
trial interests. I am a tariff man ; but we do
not raise here the tea and coffee which go into
the log cabins of this country; and therefore I
say repeal this tax—I demand it from the Sen-
ate; 1 demand it from every tariff man—and
levy your tax upon articles that are imported
into this country and which come in competi-
tion with your own industry. All that 1 ask
of you is to be consistent. While the great
Northwest now is looming up almost unan-
imously for free trade, I ask you to show that
you are consistent by protecting articles that
are raised in this country, so as to benefit the
industry of this country.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I only wish
to say a word in answer to the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] I think there is a
great difference between the duty on sugar and
the duty on tea and coffee. Coffee and tea
are not raised in this country, whereas sugar
is raised in our country, and it is an interest
demanding protection. I think it is the part
of wisdom to keep a protective tariff on sugar,
as well as for revenue. We raised less than
one half of the sugar consumed in this coun-
try before the war. The sugar interest was
almost destroyed during the war. We now,
five years after the close of the war, raise only
about one fourth of our former crop. It takes
large capital to engage successfully in sugar
planting ; and I think for a few years to come
this sugar interest should be protected. It
we would have cheap sugar we must encourage
its culture at home.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to exempt tea and coffee from
impost duties; upon which motion the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection the call for the yeas and nays will
be regarded as withdrawn.
Mr. HOWE. I rose to inquire what were
the words to be inserted, and now I am at a
loss to know what i3 to be stricken out. I do
not"remember how the bill stands, whether the
words the House agreed to are in the bill or
the words reported by the Finance Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the motion is to
strike out from and including line twenty, on
page 90, down to the middle of line forty-five,
on page 91, and in lieu of the matter to be
stricken out to insert, "that tea and coffee
shall be exempt from impost duties."
Mr. HOWE. If that is the motion, is it in
order to ask for a division of that question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that a motion to strike out and insert is
not divisible by the rules of the Senate. The
question is on the amendment.
Mr. YATES. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THUHMAN. Mr. President, this motion
is made, it is said, in the interest of the poor.
Whether it is really made in the interest of the
poor seems to me questionable. I think it is
quite demonstrable that it is not in the interest
of the poor unless you intend to have absolute
free trade. If you intend to take off duties
from that which the poor wear, if they are to
have anything to wear at all, then this is in the
interest of the poor ; but if you intend to con-
tinue your duties on that which clothes the
poor, this motion is not in their interest at all.
Why, sir, let us look a little at the figures,
and eco what this is. It is a proposition to
take off all duties from tea aud coffee. The
number of pounds of tea imported into this
country last year were thirty-nine millions and
a fraction; the value of the tea was $12,889,000,
and the value per pound thirty-three cents. On
that a duty of twenty-five cents per pound was
imposed, making the cost when the duty was
added fifty-eight cents the pound, and assuming
that the consumption for a family of five persons
was five pounds, making the cost of the tea per
family $2 90, (not putting in the commissions
and profits of the merchants,) of which $2 90
§1 25 was taxes. That is your tax on tea;
but how much did the same family of five per-
sons pay on their clothing V Every dollar of
the tax that was paid on this tea went into the
national Treasury ; but a family of five persons
paid more than ten tiroes that tax on their
clothing, and not more than one dollar of the
ten went into the Treasury; the other nine
dollars went to the manufacturers.
Sir, if you want to get at the interest of the
poor reduce your tax on articles that enter into
the clothing of the poor and into the instru-
ments which the poor must use to gain a liveli-
hood ; reduce your tax on iron aud steel; re-
duce your tax on clothing and the fabrics out
of which clothing is made. Do that if you want
to benefit the poor, and then not even every
dollar of tax will go into the coffers of the
Government, but you will cease in a great
degree to tax tho people, not for tho purpose
of supporting the Government, but merely for
| the purpose of fostering particular trades and
| particular industries.
I Now, how is it about coffee? The Senator
