132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Howe.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
distribution of the bank currency, in order to
correct that inequality it was proposed that
$45,000,000 of new bank circulation should be
created. It was not insisted upon that that
would correct the whole inequality, but that
would do something toward it, and the Sen-
ator argued that that was all that was required
or would be required, or.would be taken up in
those portions of the country which had less
than the proportion to which they were enti-
tled.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
argued on the contrary that at least $60,000,000
or perhaps $65,000,000 would be required to
restore that equilibrium or to satisfy rather
the urgent wants of the South and the West.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chanjbler] proposed, on the contrary, that
$ loo,000,000 should be authorized, and legal-
tender notes retired as fast as the bank notes
took their place in the circulation. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] went
still further, and proposed that you should
authorize an addition of $200,000,000. I think
I was the bravest of all of them, and I pro-
posed that there should be no limitation at all,
but that you should allow them to exchange
just as many legal-tender notes as they pleased,
replacing them with bank notes secured by a
deposit of your national bonds. The Senator
from Ohio at that time would not recognize
either of these ideas. He insisted upon it
that $45,000,000 was the extent to which we
should go ; and so we were kept wrestling
and struggling over this question of bow much
additional bank circulation we should author-
ize for many days. I think finally the bill
passed authorizing an increase of $65,000,000,
and that has been out of this Chamber but
about a month. The echoes of that debate
had scarcely died away in the distance before
this bill is laid before the Senate, proposing to
allow everybody to do just what 1 asked that
all should be allowed to do, with the excep-
tion that you say they must take an inferior
bond if they go beyond your $65,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me,
in justice to the committee, though it is hardly
necessary to defend them, to say that the com-
mittee reported a bill simply to authorize the
issue of bank currency in the place of the three
per cent, certificates—no increase of the cir-
culation, no change in the circulation, no trans-
fer of circulation from one section to another.
That was the proposition of the committee.
The action of the Senate afterward may be
inconsistent with the report of the commit-
tee, but the committee certainly was consistent
with itself. It provided for $45,000,000 of
new bank circulation, to take the place of the
three per cent, certilicates. At that very time
the bill now presented by the committee was
pending in the Committee on Finance, to au-
thorize a general organization of new banks
without reference to amount, only providing
ior the cancellation of greenbacks when new
bank notes were issued. There was no incon-
sistency in the^ action of the committee. If
there was any inconsistency in the two meas-
ures, it grew out of the amendment adopted
by the Senate providing for the transfer of
$20,000,000 beyond the $45,000,000.
Mr. HOWE. I concede that the Finance
Committee were consistent with themselves at
that time ; but I cannot concede that the atti-
tude of the Finance Committee at that time was
consistent with their attitude at the present
time, for if at that time they intended to allow
the unlimited substitution of bank notes for
legal tender-notes they could have ended that
debate in two hours by suggesting it. But I
say we were left here to cavil and to quarrel
over that question, whether the amount of ad-
ditional bank circulation should be one sum
or another, for days; and here is a proposition
before us to-day authorizing the unlimited dis-
placement of one kind of circulation by the
other.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to a feature of this bill in
that connection ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that the eighth section of this
bill, which provides for banking upon equal
quantities of the three kinds of bonds at five,
four and a half, and four per cent., requiring
the old banks to substitute and the new ones
that may be formed to deposit equal quantities
of these new kinds of bonds, does not author-
ize unlimited banking, nor to go beyond the
amount fixed by the other bill; but tlie tenth
section does allow unlimited banking upon a
simple four per cent. bond. I desire to ask
the Senator the question, taking the standard
value of four per cent, bonds in the European
market, whether he would regard a four per
cent, bond as a sufficient security for the bill-
holder under the tenth section ?
Mr. HO WE. Mr. President, to-day I should
not regard them as sufficient security for the
bill-holder. I do not know what they may
become hereafter, though to-day the answer to
the question would depend upon how large a
percentage the circulation issued bore to the
bonds on deposit.
Mr. MORTON. It provides for eighty per
cent.
Mr. HOWE. It would require some little
figuring to answer the question whether eighty
per cent, of a four per cent, bond would re-
spond 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is it not as good as ninety
per cent, of a six per cent, bond?
Mr. HOWE. I cannot make those figures
just at this moment. The Senator undoubt-
edly has made them, and can speak on that
point himself. This I have to say, that the
discrimination between the banking that you
authorize under the tenth section and all other
banking is a discrimination which the Senator
from Ohio cannot justify upon any principle
which he laid down in his speech. If he was
in earnest when he said that these legal-tender
notes ought all tobe retired, subject only to the
condition of not contracting the circulation,
then what reason can he assign for his refusing
to capital the right to have bonds of the same
value and the same character in exchange for
them, and to deposit those bonds as the basis
for this new bank circulation ?
But that was not the point upon which I was
speaking. I was speaking of our being left to,
quarrel over this question of circulation, and to
settle that with so much difficulty as we did
experience in the settlement of it, when the
committee had it iu their breasts to recommend
this measure, which, so far as limitation goes,
is all that any one claimed or could claim,
because it opens the way, though a narrow, a
contracted, and an unjust way, for the retire-
ment of the whole legal-tender currency.
I have seen some grim jokers throw out a
single cake to a parcel of boys, and let them
quarrel for it until one secured it, and then open
a whole basketful and allowthem all to help
themselves to just as many as they wanted.
There is a certain sort of humor in that; but
the boys who had been in the fight could never
see the point of the joke ; and we who were in
this fight over the additional quantity of bank
circulation, at least I, for one, cannot seo where
the laugh comes in. I think the Finance Com-
mittee could have just as well opened this bas-
ket to us at that time; and I should have been
better pleased if they had done it. But after
all, this is not exactly the entertainment to
which I think we ought to be invited, and I do
not see how the Senator from Ohio can justify
it to his own ideas to say that these new banks,
if they will take hold and help redeem the
honor of the country, shall be confined to a
four per cent, bond, while the existing banks
shall have the choice of four, four and a half,
and five per cent, bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. On a point made a mo-
ment ago I desire to say to the Senator that
here in debate I frequently stated that in the
funding bill we should present to the Senate a
scheme of free banking. I remonstrated against
the time wasted upon a bill intended to meet
a sectional difficulty, until I was out of pa-
tience and sometimes out of humor, as Senators
told me, that the Senate should continue de-
bating day after day a proposition not pending
before the Senate at all, I stating at the same
time that it would be presented in a few days
in another bill. The bill introduced by the
Committee on Finance was simply a bill to
meet a sectional defect and to provide for
bank currency in place of the three per cent,
certificates; but the Senator himself and other
Senators chose to make it a subject of general
financial debate.
Mr. HOWE. Now, perhaps, I do owe the
Senator from Ohio and the Finance Commit-
tee an apology. I did hear the Senator say
that the committee were considering and would
by-and-by present a funding bill. I did not
hear the Senator say (though if he says he said
it he undoubtedly did ; I did not hear every-
thing that was said) that they would present
a free banking bill. But if I had heard him
say that I should have asked him this question:
if you are considering a free banking bill, if
you mean to propose to the Congress of the
United States a bill which shall allow every-
body the right to displace the legal tenders
with national bank notes, why do you seek to
forestall the market with this exclusive privi-
lege of banking to the extent of $45,000,000?
There they were offering the country the privi-
lege of banking on six per cent, bonds to the
extent of $45,000,000. Just as far as that is
taken up it will satiate the appetite for this
bank circulation, supply so much of the want,
and there will be so much less demand for it.
I thought that this want of circulation in the
South and the West was one of the reasons
why we should expect, if this privilege was held
out to the capital of the country, that capital
would avail itself of it. And yet the effect
of that currency bill was to satisfy that appe-
tite to that extent to supply that want by this
favored kind of banking; and I do not see the
philosophy of that. I am very certain if my
honorable friend had a party of friends to dine
with him he would not think of lunching them
on dried apples just before he invited them out
to the table, because although that might be a
saving of viands yet he would hardly consider
it in good taste. Nor do I think it was sound
policy, if he really wants capital to take hold
and help retire these greenbacks and redeem
the forfeited honor of the country—I do not
think it was good policy to lead off $45,000,000
of that capital to a favored kind of banking and
so divert it altogether from the work before us.
Mr. President, I urged upon the Senate not
only that the work of retiring the greenbacks
should be the first work—I not only urged that
you should offer to capitalists the best bond
known to your law, if they would take it as
the condition of engaging in this work; but
when 1 made those recommendations to the
Senate there was no stain resting upon the
character of the greenback except that it was
overdue and unpaid. Since that time another
stigma has been flung upon it. Since that
time the highest judicial tribunal of the land
has pronounced the greenbacks to be a viola-
tion of the fundamental law of the land. Now,
in regard to that, I have two things to say:
first, ihatif they be a violation of the Constitu-
tion we are responsible for it, and we should
not take advantage of it; we should offer no
less inducements now to the retirement of the
greenback than before that opinion was pro-
