1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
sound discretion so instruct, if his attention is !
called to it ? 1
Then come "telegraphs and railroads.
They never should be in any schedule, as every
Senators, I think, must know. Think of send-
ing out schedules from California 10 the St.
Lawrence to obtain returns of telegraphs, when
the whole thing is to be gathered, as far as it ,
can be gathered at all, at from four to six centers
in the country. So with railroads ; not to the
same extent literally, but the points are few at
which the statistics of railroads can be gathered.
By schedules sent to enumerators we can never
do it.
"Fisheries" I have commented on; they
are included not as manufactures, as I heard a
Senator say, perhaps from the fact that the
great volume in which they are contained may
be labeled one way or another, but fisheries
come under the denomination of " products of
industry;" they are included in the law and
appear in the census of 1860.
Then comes the " area of timber lands,'' and
it is, as the amendment is printed, the only
appropriate object that I remember, which is
not specially, as I insist it is substantially, in-
cluded already.
Then comes this branch of the amendment,
"and such other subjects as the Secretary of
the Interior may prescribe, and which will not
materially increase the cost of taking the cen-
sus." I have respect for the Secretary of the
Interior; and by as much as I respect him, I
will not vote for this provision. Let me ask
Senators, do they intend to adjourn now to the
Interior Department the scuffle, for such I may
call it, of partisans and theorists which has
taken place over the census in the committee-
rooms and lobbies and the two Houses of
Congress? Now, when the work must begin,
do they propose to open the gates and let loose
upon the Secretary of the Interior every theo-
rist and aspirant insisting that his specialty
shall be carried into the census? Why, sir,
who ever heard of delegating to any officer of
the Government the power to add ad libitum
to the census, for there is no restriction unless
it will materially increase the expense? You
might append the Westminster Catechism to a
schedule, (it would be difficult to show that
it would increase the expense,) but when you
leave that discretion with the Secretarv of the
Interior, I repeat, you adjourn the conflict and
grapple of theories, of notions, of doctrines,
of dogmas, and of crude and unconsidered
trifles, from the lobbies and Halls of Congress
to the Interior Department. This, I think,
ought not to be done.
Now, Mr. President, having trespassed too
far on the time of the Seuate, I wish to come to
the purpose for which I rose. After listening
to this debate, I confess I have heard no valid
reason, notone, assigned against the statute of
1850. That statute contains, among other
things, this provision : •
"If no other law be passed providing for the taking
of the eighth or any subsequent census of the United
states on or before the 1st day of January of any
year when by the Constitution of the United States
any future enumeration of the inhabitants thereof
is required to be taken, such census shall in all
things be taken and completed according to the pro-
visions of this act."
Senators will remember that before the lioli- \
days, byjointresolution,wesuspendedtheoper- 1
ation of this law until the 1st of February. That
day is past, and thus the statute now stands in i
full vigor, speaking like any other general and j
permanent act to be found in the statutes. We :
have nothing therefore to do, if we approve of ;
the system here prescribed, except to lay on !
the table the bill from the House, and the little i
substitute proposed for form's sake by the com- i
imttee, and the census proceeds, which it is high I
timethecensusshoulddo. Nothingelseisneces- 1
sary. Noslaveschedulewillbeprinted. Thein-
structionswillcovereverything which has arisen,
it aught has arisen since I860, belonging either
to agriculture, to the products of industry, or
to any other branch of economic information.
When the honorable Senator from Vermont
offered his amendment, he put in cocoons,
expressly named in the census and in the re-
turns, and other things which are expressly
named. But now, if it had been true that the
silk culture had risen since the end of the last
decade, which it is not,the same instructions,the
same general and elastic language which at that 1
time enabled silk to be covered, will enable .
new subjects to be covered now.
As I have said, the only change admitted to
be necessary is to drop the slave schedules.
Let everybody understand that. Suppose it be
true in reference to compensation—and I am
very glad it occurs to me—that higher prices '
require higher rates, which, let me say, I do
not believe, $4 50 a day will employ enumer-
ators, and the marshals will be inundated with
applications at that rate of compensation,
but do not let us differ about it; let me admit
that twenty or twenty-five per cent, should be
added to the compensation, and then see how
plain the answer is. The Secretary of the
Interior, when he learns this need, sends us a
communication, and two lines in an appropri-
ation bill will answer the purpose ; two lines,
simply saying "that the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to add not to
exceed twenty-five per cent, wherever he finds
it necessary to the compensation of the enum-
erators of the census," and the work is done.
That saves the reconsideration of a large subject
in the House of Representatives ; it saves its
proceeding here, and it leaves in full operation
to proceed at once, to commence to-morrow
morning, the discreet, the well-considered, the
admirable, not the "barbarous" as one Sen-
ator ventured to say, statute of 1850, the product
of which, says the most illustrious Frenchman
of his time, is a " resplendent" political and
statistical work.
Now, Mr. President, that we may have the
sense of the Senate by a test-vote upon the
proposition to leave the act of 1850 to proceed,
I move to lay the House bill, which will carry
the whole subject, upon the table.
[APPENDIX.
Mr. Kennedy's comments on Dr. Hough's j
representation of the defective nature of the
provisions of the law of 1850 for remunerat- 1
ing the marshals and enumerators, extracted
from his communication made to the House
committee June8, 1869:
While indisposed to contend that the mode '
of payment provided by the law of 1850 is 1
better than any which may be devised, I am
prepared to deny that which Dr. Hough (page
4) attributes to it, namely, that " it is not only
wrong in theory, but well adapted to cover
fraud and work injustice." It might be a suf-
ficient answer to state that of the seven or eight
thousand accounts made out in behalf of the
census-takers, and paid, there was never any
shadow of attempted fraud. Accounts were
made out by the marshals for the services of
their assistants or enumerators, but other ac-
counts were made up in the Census Office by ,
persons regardless to and in ignorance of the
accounts made up by the marshals, and this
by clerks who had no means of knowing them, '
and final payments were never made to the
enumerators without comparing the two state-
ments, and the books will show'that the claims
of the enumerators, as made out by the mar-
shals, were as often increased in the office as ,
they were frequently diminished. The absurd-
ity of Dr. Hough's allegation that "the mar-
shals have a pecuniary motive in keeping the
population tables below" certain numbers to
increase their pay, will readily be appreciated
on considering that the census-takers enumer-
ate the population, and that the pay of the
latter is based on a per capita principle, and
that every dollar thus gained by the marshal, in
reducing the population below millions, would
insure a loss often dollars to the enumerator.
If it be replied that the marshal under the
law may himself become an enumerator, and !i
thereby be enabled to make false returns to
increase his pay ri,s marshal, the absurdity be-
comes yet more apparent, as lie loses ten dol-
lars as enumerator for each dollar gained as
marshal. It must indeed be an impressive
" diagram " whereby Mr. Hough would render
the truth of his statement "more striking."
It is greatly to be wished that Mr. Hough had
suggested a more equitable mode of remuner-
ation, embodying equally compensating checks
against fraud, and by "diagram" or figures
had represented its justice, equality, economy,
and practicability. By such an exhibition
talent would be well employed. It may not
be out of place, perhaps, to state that by law
the pay of the marshal is proportionate to the
amount of population returned by his subor-
dinates, on the principle that the larger that is
to a certain degree, the more numerous his sub-
ordinates must necessarily be, and his labors of
supervision correspondingly multipled. Where
his district has a population of above a million
he receives one mill, or the tenth part of a
cent; where it is less than a million, one and
one quarter mill, for which additional quarter
of a mill it is scarcely conceivable in reason
that he would, if he could, deprive himself or
his subordinates of twenty mills. The sugges-
tion of any fraud having ever been attempted or
contemplated in this way is too absurd for ref-
utation, where intelligence is brought into the
consideration of its impossibility. The mile-
age and per capita compensation combined,
insure activity and fidelity, and has worked well.
At page 5 Mr. Hough, under the head, " pay
of assistant marshals," discerns "a double
wickedness," the result not only of a misun-
derstanding of the law, but of his apprehension
of that criminality which has never occurred
under the present law, and never can be per-
petrated without supplying the means of its
exposure. The most scrutinizing examina-
tions, of which there have been many, have
never detected a single case of the double en-
tries so eloquently deprecated. On the same
page, in his "serious objections against the
mileage rule," which he regards as "one of
the most insidious and artful contrivances,"
"and an opportunity for fraud, that has ever
come under my (his) notice," his first illustra-
tion is in these words: "If it required one day
to go five miles aud enumerate fifty families,
it would require two days to go ten miles and
enumerate one hundred families;" and these
are his exact words to represent that as an
artful and insidious contrivance which gives a
little increased pay in proportion to the dis-
tance traveled, as provided by the law, to con-
summate certain results. Now, the simplest
manner of exposing the fallacy of such appar-
ently conclusive reasoning regarding fraud and
labor is to propose one or two plain questions:
Can the census-taker obliterate the five miles
traveled over the first day, so that he shall be
enabled to begin his second day's work imme-
diately on the new field of operation? As the
sphere of his operations widens, must he not
only traverse, in going and in returning, cer-
tain space upon which he has operated pre-
viously ? Can he by any possibihty avoid this
unless he passes the night where he completes
his first day's work; and if he does this must
he not, the further he goes, be provided and
incumbered with the necessaries of life and
comfort, or, which i3 the same thing, must he
not pay for them?
If these be logical suggestions, can a man
therefore, if one day be cousumed in traversing
the nearest area of five miles, traverse day
after day more distant areas of five miles with-
out either consuming more time, performing
greater labor, and incurring additional cost V
In other words, would Mr. Hough be willing,
lor the same compensation, to travel ten mile3
to do a day's work that he would perform at
home or at the distance of five miles? If not.,
why ? Because more travel, labor, and time art
involved, and pay should be increased accord-
ingly.
