4924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] is the
proper one, with this heat, and at this late period
of the session of the Senate, to be adopted. It
is clear that a majority of the Sen ate are opposed
to the income tax. I believe that an equally
large, majority are in favor of some reduction
of the duties upon sugar. Now, if we could
have an indication of what the wish of the Sen-
ate is in relation to two, possibly three, more
articles that are in this tariff list, it does seem
to me we shall economize time very greatly,
and that we shall reach a mote satisl'actory
result, a result that will be more acceptable to
the Senate, to commit this bill to a committee
of conference, however unwilling the chairman
of the Committee on Finance may be to have
that disposition majie of the bill. It is evident
that, take whatever action you may on this bill,
in the end it will have to go to a committee of
conference; and there is not a single thing that
will be acted on here by the Senate which will
not be within the control of the committee of
conference. I have no doubt of the discretion of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, and
that he will obey as near as possible the wishes
of a majority of the Senate in harmonizing the
views of the two Houses in relation to all the
measures embraced in this important bill.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to suggest that
we shall have some votes upon Bessemer steel;
and if there is any other article in the bill—
coal, perhaps—that Senators desire an indica-
tion to be made by the Senate, that we have
some vote which will indicate the wish of the
Senate, and that thereafter tho motion of the
Senator from Oregon shall be entertained to
strike out the whole of the provisions in rela-
tion to the tariff.
Mr. DAVIS. I intend to express one or two
general ideas on the subject of taxation. The
first ia that the people of the United Stales are
taxed in the aggregate and as individuals much
too largely. There can hardly be a proposition
made to reduce a tax or remove a tax that I
would not vote for with a view to bring the
impositions in the form of tax to something
]ike a just aggregate.
The standing Army now is thirty thousand
men. I believe it ought to be reduced to fifteen
thousand, and I would be willing to reduce the
taxes to a rate that would compel a reduction
of the Army to fifteen thousand.
Again, I believe that tho Government is not
bound in justice and equity to pay a larger
amount of the public debt than it sold the
bonds for in gold and silver. If that principle
•was adopted it would reduce tho amount ol' the
public debt $900,000,000. I therefore con-
tend that the people are paying interest on
$900,000,000 of debt that they do not owe and
ought not to pay a tax to discharge. There-
fore, any proposition that reduces the liabili-
ties of the Government upon the bonds to the
amount of their gold value at the time they
were sold would receive my hearty support.
Mr. President, I want a deficit in the reve-
nue, and I care not how large that deficit may
be. You can never have an economical ex-
penditure, you can never have retrenchment
and reform upon an overflowing Treasury; and
therefore every proposition that will make a
dcficit in the Treasury will receive my support,
and I hero openly avow it. My object is to
produce a deficit in tho Treasury, to reduce the
amount of the standing Army to fifteen thou-
sand men, to scale the public bonds at the rate
they were worth in gold and silver at the time
they were negotiated, and to reduce and sweep
away every amount of tax that it is possible to
relieve the people of the country from. At
some time, when I have more opportunity,
and when there will be more propriety in my
expressing my general principles upon these
subjects, I propose to do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to reconsider the vote taken yes-
terday, by which the Senate refused to strike
out the House provision touching sugar.
Mr. SPENCER called for the yeas and nays;
and thev were ordered.
Mr. SlORTON. Will the Chair state the
broad question involved in this?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that if the present motion should
prevail, and it should stand there, sugar would
be left as it is under the existing law.
Mr. YATES. I rise to inquire what it is
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three cents a pound.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Astiioxy answered to his name.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the pro-
vision should not bo stricken out, would it not
then be competent to move to strike out and
insert the proposition proposed originally by
the Committee on Finance?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind Senators that a response has oc-
curred, and we are in the midst of tho roll-call.
Nothing is in order except to proceed with the
call.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays
2-1; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, foreman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Colliding,
Oorbetl, CriiKin, Drake, Ponton, Harris, Howoll,
Kellotfsr. MeDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Pomoroy, Ramsey, ltiee, Sawver, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, Warner, WiUey, and
Wiilmms— J.
AYS—Messrs. Carpenter, Casserly, Davis, l:'ov,'-
ler. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Lfnrlan. Ilowe,
Jolmston.iUeCreery, Mornllof Maine,KLorton, Nye,
Pool, Pratt, Hops, Hoiiurz, Spenoer, Kpi'ague, Sum-
ner, Thin-man, Viokors, Wilson, and Yates—2-1.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Cat-
tell. Kdmunds, Perry, 1'lanagau, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Howard, Lewis, Norton, Patterson. Hovels,
Itobertson, Saulsbury, Thayer, and Trumbull—18.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on striking out the paragraphs
relating to sugar.
Mr. MORTON. On that question I ask for
tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the chairman of the
committee explain what tho effect of that is?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to explain
the effect of this. If this motion prevails tho
duty on sugar will be three cents, precisely as
it is according to law now. If the motion
should be negatived, and the House proposi-
tion should remain, it reduces tho duty to two
cents a pound.
Mi\ KELLOGG. What is the difference in
revenue ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Eleven million dollars.
Mr. WILSON. What is the difference be-
tween the House bill and the proposition of
the Finance Committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Finance Committee
have withdrawn their amendment, and have no
amendment pending.
Mr. FOWLER. As I understand, tho mo-
tion is to strike out the provision of the House
bill in regard to sugar ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion.
Mr. FOWLFjR. Of course that will he fol-
lowed by the substitution of tho amendment of
the Senate committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; that is with-
drawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The effect
will be to leave the duty on sugar stand as by
the existing law.
Mr. SPENCER. At three cents per pound.
Mr. FOWLER. That saves $10,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eleven million dollars.
Mr. HOWELL. I wish to ask whether if
the House proposition is retained it can be
amended so as to change tho classification ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has no doubt of that.
Mr. IiAMLIN. The Committee on Finance
have withdrawn their amendment. I now ask
the Senator from Ohio, that the Senate may
vote understanding^, if ho will be good enough
to state what would be the condition of the bill
if these paragraphs were stricken out and the
paragraphs proposed by the Finance Commit-
tee were inserted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the beginning of the
debate the Senator from Maine expressed a
desire to get at a vote on this subject. If the
Senate strike out the provision of the House
bill it leaves the present sugar duty to stand at
three cents a pound. The Senator, as I under-
stand him, prefers the proposition of the Com-
mittee ou Finance, which I think is a better
proposition than the proposition of the House.
He can offer that after this is stricken out, and
then we can have a vote both ways fairly. If
the Senate now strike out the House provision,
the duty is left at three cents. If the Senator
wishes afterward to insert what was once pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance and with-
drawn, he can move it; but I shall vote
against it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that very well;
but I ask the Senator if he wiU not please to
state to the Senate what constituted the dif-
ference between the amendment which the Sen-
ate committee did propose and the section as
it now stands?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain the differ-
ence. The House classification was complained
of by a great number of people. I have papers
here without number complaining that the
House classification was wrong; that it discrim-
inated so that the people would not get the
benefit of the reduction. The Committee on
Finance made a new classification of sugar,
which I think is a great improvement on the
classification of the House ; but at the same
time I must say that I have received a great
mass of letters complaining that our classifica-
tion did gross injustice to the refiners. Both
tho House proposition and the proposition of
the Committee on Finance reduced the revenue
about eleven million dollars. There was no
difference in the practical effect of the two.
The only difference was as to the classification.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, the motion before
the Senate is distinctly to strike out the para-
graphs which we voted to retain yesterday. If
we strike them out now, we are without knowl-
edge of what we may, if we have the power,
put in. I think, therefore, the wisest course
for those who favor a diminution of the duties
on sugars will be to retain these paragraphs,
and then if no other Senator does so, I shall
certainly offer tho amendment that was pro-
posed by tho Committee on Finance, and move
to strike out and insert; and then we shall
know what will be produced by that motion,
we shall know what goes iu when we know
what comes out.
Mr. FOWLER. The present rates of duty
on sugar are three, three and a half, four, and
five cents, as I understand. The House have
sent us a bill- in which they propose two, two
and three fourths, and four cents ill placc of
these duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. A reduction of one cent.
Mr. FOWLER. Now, it is proposed sim-
ply to strike out. the House proposition and
retain the old rates of duty. The calculation
before me is that less than ten millions will
be saved by that, instead of eleven millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
Ho takes only one single item. The aggregate
on the items of sugar and molasses will be a
little over what I slated.
Mr. FOWLER. You take in sugar and
molasses both?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly ; molasses is
included in this. It is allcalled sugar in com-
mercial language—inelada, molasses, &c.
Mr. FOWLER. Y'es; that is a little over
eleven million dollars.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Drake,
??' J-'.^wler, Gilbert, Harris, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Rice, Sawyer,
bcott, sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, Warner,
WiUey, and Williams—27.
