2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
then. Take Georgia as she ought to be now,
and there would be no such scenes there. The
fact is that Georgia sowed the wind, and her
citizens are reaping the whirlwind. They
awoke a storm which Georgia is unable to con-
trol. If so, the time has arrived when the
strong arm of Federal power should give pro-
tection to the citizens there.
To me, Mr. President, this is a question that
will not stand discussion in the light of com-
mon justice. I do r.ot wish to infringe upon
a constitutional right of this Government; but
without legislation, were I President of the
United States to-day, I would send my troops
there to protect my citizens. It is the mandate
of the Constitution itself. It amounts to a su-
preme duty. When the cry of murder comesup
from a certain quarter, and corpses are as thick
as upon a battle-field, are we to be told here
that the Constitution of the United States has
not clothed the Executive of this nation with
power to protect its citizens? If that be true
the Constitution of the United States needs a
sixteenth amendment more than all others.
Protection, I assert, is the spirit and genius of
the Constitution; protection is seen in every
line and lineament of the Constitution ; and
they are guilty of a wrong who do not protect
its citizens under its ample power. I am not
shocked, then, nor startled like my honorable
friend from Iowa when the honorable Senator
from Missouri proposes to call the immediate
attention of the Executive of this country, by
the amendment which he offers, to this con-
stitutionally-imposed obligation to protect the
citizens of the United States everywhere.
Sir. HOWELL. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWELL. Not a word that the Sen-
ator has said do I dissent from; but he has not
answered my objection, nor touched it.
Mr. NYE. I have not come to it yet.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 saidiuthe firstplace that
I was anxious that the Government should
exert its power, and exert it properly, to pun-
ish the guilty. I contended that it was no
exertion of just power to go to work and con-
less its imbecility to lind out the guilty, and to
punish the innocent by imposing upon them
the burden of the expense of marching United
States troops to that country to put down the
guilty perpetrators of violence. I am iu favor
of all the Senator has said except that one idea.
Mr. NYE. Then, if 1 understand the hon-
orable Senator, his point is that lie does not
think it necessary to march troops down there,
or to interfere there.
Mr. HOWELL. I think it necessary for the
Government to interfere,and interfere promptly
and at. once, and interfere with all its power;
but not to punish the innocent, to punish the
guilty. Let it find them out. If the Govern-
ment cannot find them out, it is imbecile.
Mr. NYE. Technically, the Senator from
Iowa is correct; but the honorable Senator
may call it imbecility, or impotency, or inabil-
ity, whatever name he chooses, the fact is cer-
tain, and stands out uncontradicted and unde-
niable, that these outrages are perpetrated and
the guilty are not punished. There is the fact.
Mr. HOWELL. Send troops there and arrest
them.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, let me draw a
picture if I can, though I have not as much
skill in that as the honorable Senator from
Iowa. I wish I held the pencil of Hogarth,
and I would paint to him a midnight maraud-
ing party of Kuklux devils—for they are not
entitled to the name of men; they are devils
incarnate, inarching under the cover of the
night, with fear pervading the whole commu-
nity, so that the innocent dare not look for their
invaders ; with the torch in one hand and the
red knife in the other, until the very drops of
the night are reddened by the blood they spill.
Who is to detect them ? Suppose the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, loyal as I know he is,
and lovely in all his attributes of manhood,
happened to reside in such a neighborhood,
and the President of the United States should,
send a thousand men into that county and
quarter them upon it, not for the purpose of
punishing the honorable Senator from Iowa,
but for the purpose of protecting him in all his
rights 
Mr. HOWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWELL. But what this amendment
provides is that when those troops march there
and I live peaceably and quietly, a loyal citizen
and a lovely man, all by myself, taking care
of things properly and trying to do my duty to my
Government, if 1 happen to own some property
there, the military officer can say, "I want you
to pay §1,000, because this raid has been gotten
up here, because these midnight marauders are
painting the sky with the lurid glare of violence
and murder." That is what this amendment
proposes, and that is what I object to.
Mr. NYE. I am glad I have got the real
point of the honorable Senator's objection.
It is that he might lose in property if the mil-
itary were quartered there for a week or a
month. I ask the honorable Senator from Iowa
if he would let that be weighed in the balance
for a single moment against the heavenly bless-
ing of protection which it afforded to all?
Mr. HOWELL. I will say to the Senator
from Nevada that this Government,with all its
power, needs not to punish or to sacrifice the
innocent because there are guilty men in the
land ; and as this is a general law, it applies to
Iowa or New lrork or any other State just as
much as it does to Georgia or any of the south-
ern States that have been iu rebellion.
Mr. NYE. So say I; but then if the hon-
orable Senator is unfortunate enough to locate
in a vicinity where horse-thieves congregate,
and on the road on which they take the horses,
can he blame anybody if his barn is searched,
if he is unfortunate in his location ? Not at all.
The search is to see who is loyal aud to pro-
tect the loyal men.
Mr. President, while we are talking coolly
here I have had placed in my hands a telegram
just received from General Crawford, iu Ala-
bama :
"Judge Charlton, of Morg:m county, murdered at
Deeatur ycbterday morning.''
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator read that
again? We did not hear it on this side.
Mr. NYE. It is a telegram from General
Crawford, in command of the army in Ala-
bama. lie says:
" Judgo Charlton, of Morgan county, murdered at
l>ecatur yesterday morning."
Mr. MORTON. In what State?
Mr. NYE. Alabama. Sir, that is the story
that comes to us daily. Every mode of con-
veyance, every vehicle of intelligence brings
to us these sad stories. Mr. President, the
boast of the American citizen should be, and
a boast to which he is entitled, that that title
protects him everywhere. The boast of the
American Government should be, and it is
not worth existence if it is not true, that every
citizen of this country is covered by the shield
of its protecting power.
Then, sir, away with these technicalities.
Let us meet the emergency of the hour like
men ; aud in cooler moments, when murder is
not running rampant, when crime has ceased,
and the reign of reason commences, let us then
adopt milder measures, if necessary. But, sir,
I claim that there is not a power in this amend-
ment attempted to be imposed upon any peo-
ple that does not exist in the Constitution. I
am not startled at it. I do not know what
view the Senate of the United States may take
of this matter; but I know what view I take
of it, and I hold it to be a part of my duty to
raise my voice and invoke the power "that can
save these citizens from destruction. When I
have done that, and when I have voted as I
have spoken on this subject, I shall have done
my duty, and the responsibility must be upon
those who take an opposite course.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, insurrection
prevails in three States. Outrages and vio-
lence exist in three States. So the Governor
of North Carolina has informed the President
of the United States, under the sanction of his
oath and in the discharge of his official duties.
So the Governor of Tennessee has informed
the President of the United States, under the
sanction of his oath, in the discharge of his
duties ; so have the Governor of Georgia and
the military commander of that district in-
formed the President of the United States. Vio-
lence, murder, outrage, and assassinations pre-
vail in all of those States. In all of those
States the civil authorities are powerless, as
proved by the admission of the executive offi-
cers thereof; the law is set at defiance, and
human life is valueless. No Senator will rise
on this floor and deny these statements.
When is the time to act? It is now, after
learning the condition of tilings in certain
counties of North Carolina, Tennessee, and
Georgia. We should place the necessary power
in the President of the United States within
twenty-four hours. I care not whether we put
this proposition upon the Georgia bill or upon
an independent bill. The time is now. The
time has come when the power and the majesty
of this great Government of the United States
should be felt upon the rebels now raised in
opposition against it, as it was felt by them in
the field. It is no time for delaj'. It is no
time for disquisitions upon law or upon the
Constitution. The Government of the United
States and the governments of the several
States are defied. Now, 1 repeat, is the time
for action, and in admitting Georgia it is ap-
propriate to give this power to the President
m connection with that bill.
The honorable Senator from Iowa says that
this will hurt the innocent. Let me suppose
for a moment that that Senator were living in
a southern State; I think he would gladly pay
$1,000 if need be toward supporting the execu-
tive authority, toward executing the laws, and
giving protection to himself and his family and
all law-abiding people, rather than to be the
victim of the Kuklux IClan.
Mr. HOWELL. No doubt I would; but
that does not justify this proceeding as a matter
of justice and as a matter of law on the part
of the United States. I will not proceed
further, because it would be arguing the ques-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. Let me say to my friend
that it is one of the means, one of the powers
used by all Governments toputdown insurrec-
tion and opposition to the execution of the
laws, to make them pay the expenses of the
military force. It is an incident of martial law.
Mr. HOWELL. To make who pay the
expenses? That is the very question of dif-
ference between us.
Mr. THAYER. The people of the insur-
rectionary districts. I think the Senator, if
he were living in one of those insurrectionary
counties, would willingly pay $1,000 even to
aid the authorities in securing peace and pro-
tection rather than to become the object of
Kuklux Klan atrocity.
Mr. HOWELL. You propose to make the
loyal people, the innocent people pay. I pro-
pose to make the guilty people pay. Suppose
I should be willing to pay §1,000, if I were
down there ; that does not prove that it is right
and just that the innocent should pay for the
deeds and crimes of the guilty.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa helps to support the laws in his
State. One function of the law is to punish
crime; and that Senator pays taxes to help
enforce the law in punishing crime. There is
no law in existence which does not cost the
people something to execute it. Each one has
to pay his share.
