134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Howe.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
man who sits within the sound of my voice.
In the coinage of your country always other
commodities had been employed; in the specie
of your country other commodities had been
employed than gold and silver, and those com-
modities have been changed from time to time,
under the power expressly given in the Con-
stitution not to fix, but to "regulate" the value
of money. I will venture to call the attention
of the Senate to two or three of these statutes.
One which was passed in 1792 fixed the com-
position of the gold eagle at 247j| grains of
pure gold, or at 270 grams of standard gold,
and fixed the dollar at 371I4ff grains of pure
silver, or 416 grains of standard silver, and
made the standard for gold to consist of eleven
parts of fine and one part of alloy. That was
the act of 1792. In June, 1834, the com-
position of the eagle was fixed at 232 grains
of pure gold, or 258 grains of standard gold.
The act of January 18, 1837, again fixed the
composition of the eagle at 258 grains of stand-
ard gold, and required the employment of
standard gold to the exclusion of the pure;
and it fixed the composition of the dollar at
412J grains of standard silver. The- act of
1792 fixed the standard of silver at 1485 parts
of fine silver and 179 parts of alloy. The
standard for gold and silver, under the act of
1837, was fixed at nine parts of pure and one
of alloy.
Other acts have been passed since then. I
have not referred to them. I shall not detain
the Senate by calling attention to them. I only
show that in your coinage, what you conven-
tionally call your coinage, your gold and silver
coinage, there has been a commodity employed
which was neither gold nor silver, and Mr.
Webster must have been clearly mistaken when
he said that nothing but gold or silver could be
made a legal tender. But if you say that there
lias only been a small amount of these coins
of alloy, then ) have to remind you that you
have always had a coin in circulation, and have
made it a legal tender to a certain amount,
which did not contain any gold or any silver,
but copper alone, and you could have made it
a legal tender, 1 take it, to any amount. Would
that authority be denied to the Congress of the
U nited States ? But are we to be told that the
Constitution will allow a little of alloy to be
employed in the specie, but not very much ?
How much? Who shall decide ? The court?
Then when you want to regulate your currency
or refix its value you must go to the Supreme
Court, and one of its established branches of
jurisdiction hereafter will be not merely to
reform contracts, but to settle the principle on
which you may reform your currency, reform
your coinage.
Mr. President, I have taken more time upon
this proposition than I meant to take. I did
not mean to submit an argument upon it. I
meant to submit some reasons why I still
cherish the faith that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States did not transcend its constitutional
powers when it enacted the law providing for
the issue of Treasury notes, and providing that
they should be legal tender for debts.
To my mind nothing seems clearer or more
inevitable than that, so long as men make prom-
ises to pay money and Congress possesses the
sole power to make money, so long as men
promise to pay dollars and Congress has the
sole and exclusive authority to define and de- !
clare what a dollar is, the holders of such I
promises must accept for dollars whatever Cou
gress declares to be such. That such a power !
may be abused is manifest; but so can any
power, when conferred upon finite beings, be
abused. If this power be conferred upon Con-
gress, as I hold it most unquestionably is, it
was conferred not because the Convention knew I
itcould notbeabused, but because they thought :
the public might suffer more trom the want of
such a power in the Government than it couid \
suffer from any probable exercise of it. If it
is thought to be hard to make an individual
take the national promise for his debt when he
expected to have coin for it, then I say it is
harder to see the national life starved out
because of the inability of the Government
either to obtain gold or silver, or to make the
public creditor take anything else.
And I cannot pass over this subject without
calling attention to one reason urged by the
Supreme Court why they declare that law null
and void. The Chief Justice, in pronouncing
that opinion, ventured to remind the country
that one of the purposes for which the Consti-
tution was formed was " to establish justice,"
and he argues that to make these United States
notes a tender for debts was in violation of jus-
tice.
Mr. President, it seems to me that no one
ought to urge that consideration against it;
but if there be a man in the United States
whose mouth should be foreclosed against that
argument, it seems to me it is the present Chief
Justice of the United States, who was at the
time when that act was passed the Secretary
of the Treasury, the. minister of finance for
this country ; and if I am not mistaken, if I
do not misjudge the quotations from his opin-
ions which the Senator from Ohio repeated
here the other day, he is more responsible for
that act than any other one man in the United
States.
But whether he be responsible for that or not,
he was responsible at that time for maintain-
ing the credit of the United States and for dis-
charging its obligations to the extent of his
ability. And what was the condition of things?
The Senator from Ohio reminded us the other
day that at that very time there were $70,000,000
of requisitions upon the Treasury to which the
Treasury could not respond. Large sums were
due to your soldiers in the field, were due to
your farmers who had supplied those soldiers
with bread, were due to your mechanics and
to your manufacturers. What would the then
Secretary of the Treasury have recommended?
He told us over and over again that coin could
not be provided; paj^r must be used; you must
make your notes, and you must discharge these
obligations with them. There was no alterna-
tive left to the Government. Your Army must
go unpaid, or they must be paid in these notes.
What would the Secretary of theTreasury have
said, or the Chief Justice now say? Will it be
said justice required that Congress should issue
its notes, and with those notes pay the bleeding
soldier, but say to' the soldier that he could not
discharge his debt in the same currency? If
that is the idea of justice which animates the
present Chief Justice of the United States, I
can only say that his ideas of justice differ
broadly from my own.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that these
notes are a constitutional currency, but still I
insist upon it that they .ire no longer a useful
currency. I insist that Congress has authority
in its discretion to make paper a legal tender,
but I insist that it is not wise for Congress to
exert that power except in some such emer-
gency as the nation encountered during the
late war.
Now, Mr. President, because I believe these
notes are no longer fulfilling a useful office I
desire to see some present efficient steps taken
to get rid of them. I have before recounted
what steps seem to me judicious to attain that
end. It does seem to me that the provision
made in the tenth section is inadequate for
the reasons which I have already pointed out.
But I am aware that that is not the only pro-
vision contained in this bill; or, I suspect it is
not the only provision. There is a clause in
the third section of the bill which, upon mature
consideration, I am inclined to think was
framed for the same purpose. I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Ohio to it
and ask him if that was the purpose. It reads
in this way:
"And if in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury it is thought advisable to issue a larger
amount of four per cent, bondsfor any of the pur-
poses herein or hereinafter recited than would bo
otherwise authorized by this section of this act such
furtherissuesarehereby authorized: Provided, That
there shall be no increase in the aggregate debt of
the United States in consequence of any issues au-
thorized by this act."
Am I or am I not mistaken in supposing that
that language is employed in order to confer
upon the holders of these legal-tender notes
the privilege of funding them into four per cent,
bonds at their pleasure, without any condition
for supplying their place in the circulation with
other notes?
Mr. SHERMAN. Clearly that is the design,
except that against my own opinion, the au-
thority is given to the Secretary to suspend
the right when, in hisjudgment, the accumu-
lation of these notes in the Treasury shall be
too great. 1 agree with the Senator; I would
give the right to convert; but the authority is
given to the Secretary to suspend the right at
his discretion.
Mr. HOWE. I accept the explanation of
the Senator from Ohio, exceptupon one point.
He says it is clearly the meaning of that clause.
I think he is mistaken on that point. I read it
several times before I was enabled to put that
interpretation upon it; but if it does not mean
that I cannot conceive what it does mean; so
I have no doubt it does mean just that.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator this question: what is to be done with
these legal-tendernotesreceived into the Treas-
ury for four per cent, bonds under this section?
Are they to bo canceled, or can they be put
out again in the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. HOWE. I am clear upon that point
that under this clause they must be canceled,
because the condition is positive that the debt
shall not be increased; and if $1,000,000 of
legal tenders be paid into the Treasury and
SI,000,000 of bonds issued, and thereafter the
legal tenders be reissued, then your debt is
increased by $2,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. They may be issued and
reissued in the payment of the public debt un-
doubtedly. This provision does not require
them to be canceled. I do not understand
the Senator to claim that he would not be
willing to give a bond bearing four per cent.,
nor do I understand him to claim that there
would be great eagerness on the part of the
people to surrender their greenbacks for these
bonds. That seems to disturb my honorable
friend from Indiana.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know what the eager-
ness may be to get hold of the four per cent,
bonds in exchange for the greenbacks; but
the Senator is mistaken 
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Allow me to make
a suggestion. If I understand this section the
greenbacks are not to be converted uncondi-
tionally into bonds, but only at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I so stated.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Those holding these
notes hold obligations of the Government un-
paid, uncanceled; but they have no right of
themselves, under this bill, to fund them. There
is a condition—the will of the Secretary.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do notunder-
stand that the Senator from Ohio can be right
in his interpretation of this section after all.
He says that the notes are not to be retired 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not to be canceled.
Mr. HOWE. Not be canceled, although
funded. They may be reissued in the payment
of the debts of the United States. What debts?
Mr. SHERiMAN. The bonded debt.
Mr. HOWE. What bonds are payable in
them? These bonds are to be gold bonds;
