1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
At page 6 Mr. Hough, in further proof of " n
chance for fraudulent claims," says, "an assist-
ant would doubtless be expected to resort to
the definition of boundaries of a county as
described by statute,'' and arrives at the con-
clusion that " he must appropriate the bottom
of a lake" or "have to dive to find the district
for which he claimed mileage." This may
appear alarming to some, whose fears may be
quieted by referring to section four, law of
1850, which ignores "statute" boundaries, and
requires the marshal to describe the bounda-
ries of the census-taker's subdivision, and it is
scarcely presumable he would include part of
a lake, the shore of which would form a more
practical boundary than an undefined space of
water in which diving would discover no houses
upon which to predicate the square-root calcu-
lation necessary to estimate the mileage, unless
an "inhabited place," which is Mr. Hough's
definition of " a dwelling" in foot-note of page
0, may be considered a proper representation
of a dwelling. The experiences of Dr. Hough
in the New York census are inapplicable to the
United States census. I believe, therefore,
that the committee need not be much exercised
by this scent of fraud, which Mr. Hough ex-
presses his belief has not with entire certainty
"been noticed before." If, as Mr. Hough
asserts, a dwelling "can only be defined as an
inhabited place," I presume he would quite
ignore as houses any and all which happen to
be at the time uninhabited.
At the foot of page 6 and on page 7, to rep-
resent " the utter fallacy of the mileage rule''
and to prove the "enormous profits" which
the law was designed to give enumerators in
Texas, California, and other States over those
«f New England, he declares with truth that
the per capita pay in Massachusetts was 3
mills; Rhode Island, 8 mills; Connecticut,
4 mills •, New York, 4.8 mills; while the etram-
erators of Texas were paid 63 mills, and
those of California 82 mills. Now, if the com-
mittee will calculate the proportions of "popu-
lation to area in these States they will readilj
perceive that the illustrations given, so far from
discrediting, fully confirm the justice of the
mileage principle, as a general role, and that
in place of being an " utter fallacy" it is mathe-
matically and practically just. To illustrate:
Massachusetts has an area of 7,800 miles, a
population of 1,231,000, being nearly 158 to
each square mile; Texas has an area of
227,800 square miles, with a population of
€04,000, or not quite three inhabitants to the
square mile. It follows as a necessary conse-
quence that'while the census-taker of Massa-
chusetts has but one fiftieth part of the travel
to perform that a census-taker in Texas must
make, he receives a twentieth of the amount
of mileage received by the Texan. Take all
New England, which contains not one tenth
the area proportionate to population which
Texas presents, and we find the pay per capita
for mileage to have been, according to Mr.
Hough, just 6.4 mills, or one tenth that paid to
the Texas census-takers.
Another illustration: take the States of Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and New
York in the order of increasing rates of pay, as
represented by Mr. Hough, and you.will find
that they bear precisely the same relation to
each other in their diminished population to the
square mile, presenting a ratio of from 157
down to 84, while you will find that California
and Texas bear quite nearly the same real rela-
tions to each other and to the States above I
named that the pay of the census-takers ex- j
hibits, as made under the law, so that it would |
not be much out of the range of practicability j
to take Mr. Hough's figures of the rate of com- 1
pensation and thereby establish the precise rel- J
ative density of population in the several States, i
a fact which supplies a better argument than i
any heretofore adduced for the justice and j
equality of the principle which, having in prac- !
tice proved rational and in theory equal, occa- I
sions no apprehension of its being disturbed L
by the letter of Benjamin Pieroe, of the Coast
Survey Office, with its "might," "should,"and
"was," so much after the manner of Dr. Hough,
which the latter says he has procured and
delivered to the committee. Mr. Pierce says
it does not appear to him "of any sound found-
ation in reason;" but he neither supplies any
data to illustrate its insufficiency nor suggests
anvbetterone. Anyrule "might" be perverted
to "false" uses. I would remark to the com-
mittee that any opinion hazarded on this sub-
ject is not entitled to weight in the absence of
the representation upon which the opinion is
rendered, and until 1 have the representation
made to Prof. Pierce upon which lie predicates
his ungrammatically expressed conclusion, I
shall place no confidence in his opinion and will
not deem it worth refuting, particularly when
the opinion of Dr. Jarvis (on page 82) is that
the provisions of the law "combine justice
with equality."
YVe have seen that the usarshal has no tempt-
ations to fraud, and that pay provided in the
existing bill operates equally, only increasing
j as the time and labor augments.
■ Suppose, however, the present pay system
: should be proven to be not quite equal in its
'I operation, who can suggest one more just and
| economical, or one tbat may be less liable to
: I objection ? If it be suggested to pay a certain
j, number of dollars for each day's service there
' will be a natural desire, if the compensation is
! such as to justify it, to protract the time of
: ] employment either in the field or in making
11 the copies. You must then, too, add to the
J! amount in cases where a guard, boatmen, or a
j1 guide or horses may appear necessary, in which
event many more hones will be broaght into
requisition than otherwise would be. If yon
shall propose to pay so much for the miles
actually traveled, the mileage must be ieftto the
determination of the mere guess of the cen-
sas-takers, who will be prone to adoot very
different ways of determining it, as there is
no possibility of their knowing how far they
respectively travel in their tortuous, zigzag,
cross-cut movements from house to house and
farm to farm, which would not be found any
more direct than necessary should the mile-
age pay prove to be better than that of enum-
erating.
In ordinary travel it is not easy to determine
distances, and in taking the census it would be
impossible. There would sometimes be an
advantage, too, in omitting certain houses and
localities where the population was small. If
there be ten thousand census-takers who for
thirty days imagine the distance to be two
miles over that actually traveled we have an
excess of over six hundred thousand miles to
pay for. It appears to me, therefore, that
although the present plan involves much office
calculation of a troublesome character, it offers
the greatest inducements, all things considered,
to honesty and expedition on the part of tiw
census-takers, and tends to the most complete
enumeration with the greatest economy. If
any other basis of pay ean be suggested for
this peculiar servioe which possesses more
advantages and any less objectionable features
I will gladly realize its adoption. It was said
by Dr. Davenant, an able statistical writer of
the seventeenth century, that—
'' He who advances a new project to snpereede whftt
exists is bound to show tho foundation upon which
he builds, whereby the public may the better be
enabled to judge whether he be right or wrong with
his superstructure."
I believe you will do well to adopt the sug-
gestion, not only in the matter of mileage, but
upon all the various new propositions which
may be offered.
Mr. Hough, on page 7, states that" the third
section of the law requires that districts should i
be subdivided into portions contains not less
than 20,000 inhabitants each." Mr. Hough j
must have lived to the age of man's estate to i
very little advantage if he presumes upon the j
possibility of writing and putting into print !
statements either grossly careless or intention- i
ally false without detection. The general
provision of the law of May 23, 1850, (9 Stat-
utes, page 428,) reads: " Each marshal shall
separate his district into subdivisions contain-
ing not exceeding 20,000 persons in each
and I am quite sure that there were not as
many as ten assistant marshals who returned
the number of 20,000 persons, while I do not
recollect there was one in either of the two last
censuses. Such a representation of the law
would seem inexcusable. While, however, I
am willing to let this pass for ignorance, I can-
not concede it for the next statement on the
same page that the law "allows until November
1 for the taking the census, with as much
more time, in the Territories, as the marshals
may ask," &c.
So far from the taking of the census being
by law extended to November 1, the law pro-
vides that by that period it shall not only have
been taken, but the copies made in duplicate
and the returns have been filed in the luterior
Department; and nothing is said of the mar-
shals either asking for or having the right to
; ask for any extension of time in the Territo-
j ries, although, because the law of May 23 was
| passed only a week before the period fixed for
! the enumeration to begin, in 1850, and Con-
{ gress thought it might under the circumstances
j be impossible to supply the marshals of the
i distant Territories with their schedules and
i instructions, so as to admit of timely organ-
ization to effect the enumeration by the limit
of time specified, the Secretary was clothed
with authority, if he deemed it necessary, to
prescribe an extension of time in Territories.
The misrepresentations of this man are only
equaled by the extraordinary blunders conspic-
uous in everything he has attempted from the
census of the State of New York to that of the
District of Columbia, made under the auspices
I of the Department of Education. He has none
of the confidence of statists, and is not entitled
! to any.]
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas ftnd nays
upon that motion.
I The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
i taken, resulted—yeas 47, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
; Man, Brownlow< Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Dave, Drake,
Edmunds, fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Kiee, liobertson, Rons, Swlsbnry, Sawyer,
Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton. Thayer, Thnr-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willcy, and Wil-
liams—a.
NAYS—Messrs. Cragin, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson, Pratt, Sherman, Sumner, Warner, and
Wilson—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham. Cattell, denton,
Ferry, Howard, Lewis, Morrill of Main«, Morton,
Norton, Scott, Sprague, and Yates—12.
So the bill was laid on the table.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. WILSON". I move to take up
House
bill No. 1097, making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the naval
service.
The motion was agreed to.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to Senators
that I think we can pass this bill in a few
minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt it very much.
I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn has priority.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that there
are some executive messages on the table
which ought, to be referred.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be done to-mor-
row.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
