1-870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Funding Bill—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
and it is said that all your existing bonds are
payable in gold.
Mr. POMEROY. Pacific railroad bonds.
Mr. HOWE. Pacific railroad bonds, I under-
stand, are not our bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. These notes when they
come into the Treasury will be held in the
Treasury, of course, as the property of the
United States until they can be paid out. I
must confess that this section does not meet
my own view. I have always favored, in all
these funding bills, conferring on the note-
holder the same right that is conferred on the
bond-holder; and if a majority of the Senate
amend this section so as to give to every holder
of a United States note the right to convert it
into a bond the section would please me much
better than it does now. But such was not the
view of the committee, and such is not the de-
sire of the Secretary, to whom we had to defer,
because he has to exercise the powers con-
ferred under this bill. He thought that the
unconditional right to convert United States
notes into bonds might embarrass him in the
negotiation of the bonds; but the very moment
the bonds are negotiated he would undoubt-
edly be very glad to convert the greenbacks to
the same extent.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be compelled to vote
to strike out this clause altogether, or shall be
compelled, I think, to vote against the entire
bill if it be not stricken out; for I cannot con-
ceive how this clause in the section can be
operative at all, except in the way of allowing
the unconditional funding of the greenbacks
into four per cent, bonds and the contraction
of the currency just to the extent that they are
funded ; and if that be the operation of it,
anxious as I am that these legal-tender notes
shall be out of the way, yet I cannot consent
that they shall be retired at that cost to the
country—not at the cost of contracting the cir-
culation as fast as they are funded. That ex-
periment was tried once in a very guarded way;
but it was tried only for about a year before
Congress was very anxious and eager to recede
from that policy. It is not just to try it again.
It has been once tried and condemned, and I
cannot see any use in repeating the experi-
ment. Allow these notes to be funded upon
condition that the circulation is not contracted
and I will agree to it, but no faster than that,
nor upon any other condition than that.
Mr. President, I have complained of this
bill because it seemed to me the whole strength
of it was expended in an effort to refund a
debt which is already funded. 1 should be
glad to have it funded at a lower rate of inter-
est ; but if we can refund it at a lower rate of
interest is authority needed for that purpose?
It has seemed to me that the Secretary of the
Treasury has all the authority that the Legis-
lature can possibly confer upon him; and 1
ask the attention of the Senator from Ohio to
a statute already upon the books. The act of
April 12, 1866, declares—
"That tho act entitled 'An act to provide ways
a.ud means to support the Government,' approved
March 3,1865, shall be extended and construed to
authorize the Secretary of tho Treasury, at his dis-
cretion, to receive any Treasury notes or other obli-
gations issued under any act of Confess, whether
bearing interest or not,m exchange for anydescrip-
tion of bonds authorized by the act to which this is
an amendment."
Which bonds may be any kind of bonds
bearing un interest in coin of not more than
six per cent., or in currency of not more than
seven and three tenths per cent. Am I right?
Mr. SHERMAN. _ Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. This act continues:
" And also to dispose of any description of bonds
authorized by said act, cither in the United States
or elsewhere, to such an amount, in such manner
and at such rates as he may think advisable, for law-
ful money of the United States, or for any Treasury
notes, certificates of indebtedness, or certificates of
deposit, or other representatives of value which hare
been or which may be issued under any act of Con-
gress, tho proceeds thereof to be used only for retir-
ing Treasury notes or other obligations issued under
o,ny act of Congress."
Mr. CONKLING. Now read the section
which fixes the interest, any interest.
Mr. HOWE. I have recited the provision
of the act of 1865 which authorized the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue bonds in amount
up to §600,000,000. Another clause of this
act takes off that limitation ; and those bonds
may bear an interest not to exceed six percent,
in coin or seven and three tenths per cent, in
currency; and this act says that he may ex-
change those bonds, or he may dispose of them
at home or abroad, for just such price as he sees
fit to ask, and to employ tho proceeds in dis-
charging any obligation of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator if he voted for that bill ?
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would not
ask me that question, and I hope he will not
investigate the fact. Really I do not know
whether I voted for it or not; and if I did
know I am not bound to criminate myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to repeat
again that in my opinion that is the most
atrocious act that was ever put upon the statute-
book.
Mr. HOWE. I am glad to hear the Senator
say so. 1 will not go so far as that; it is not
so atrocious.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the difference
between that act and the funding bill?
Mr. HOWE. My friend from New York
asks me what the difference is between that
act and the funding bill. Does he not see the
difference? Twelve million dollars are appro-
priated in the fuuding bill, which are not con-
tained in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, that bill
does contain the same appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. One half of one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought it was one per
cent. One per cent, is the old law. I should
like to have that clause read. My impression
is that under the act of 1864, referred to in^that
act, the appropriation is one per cent. That
authorized the issue of six per cent, bonds
in payment of five per cent, certificates; and
actually it was done. The floating debt of the
United States, as represented in some cases by
five per cent, certificates, was converted into
five-twenty bonds at par; and therefore I say
it is an act which increased the public debt;
but it has exhausted itself; it has accomplished
its purpose; and I do not think by a fair con-
struction it would authorize the funding of the
debt again.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President I simply call
attention to that act to show that if authority
is wanted for the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund the debt, it seems to me he has all tho
authority possible to confer in that very act,
whereas there is no authority now for funding
the greenbacks or getting rid of them in any
possible way. Therefore, it seemed to me
that an efficient measure was needed for the
last purpose, but not for the former purpose.
But, sir, I must conclude. I want to say,
with reference to the funding provisions of this
bill, that although there are many objections to
them, yet I do not know but that I shall have
to surmount all those and vote for it, except
this one clause of the third section. I hope,
however, the Senator from Ohio will consent
to amend the tenth section of the bill so as to
allow the holders of greenbacks funding them
under the provisions of that section to have the
option which is allowed to existing banks, to
have the privilege of funding at least one third
in the different classes of bonds—one third in
four per cent., one third in four and a half per
cent., and one third in five per cent, bonds;
and I hope the Senator will consent to an
amendment so as to allow new banks to be
organized or the capital of existing back's to
be increased without compelling them to go t.o
the extent of $100,000. Fifty thousand dol-
lars, it seems to me, is a limit that might very
safely be adopted.
With reference to the funding provisions I
have simply to say, in conclusion, that I regret
that the bill provides for these different descrip-
tions of bonds. My objections to those pro-
visions I shall not state, because I am not
inclined to insist upon them. I consent to the
appropriation to cover the cost of funding the
bonds, large as it is; but I am profoundly
sorry for the provision which I find here for
paying the bonds abroad and for paying them
in foreign coin. I will say, as the Senator from
Massachusetts said the other day, that if I
could be made to believe that allowing them to
be payable in foreign coin was one substantial
step toward international coinage, I would as-
sent to it, for no man living desires to see that
measure of reform inaugurated more ardently
than I do myself; but I cannot see how it leads
to that step ; and it seems to me we do dena-
tionalize ourselves when we open foreign offices
to negotiate our indebtedness, and when wc
promise to pay that indebtedness in a coinage
not known to our law. If I were going into
any market on earth to borrow money I would
go in the national character and in the name
of the national credit; I would talk the Amer-
ican vernacular; I would use its coinage and
employ its terms; I would not strip off my
national character even if I were inclined to
believe that I could enhance my credit or
secure a better market for my wares.
There is one other provision in this fund-
ing bill that I seriously object to, and that is
the provision which exempts the bonds from a
taxation, national or State. It does seem to
me unwise. Mr. President, look at it. If you
leave those words out of the bill not a dollar
of tax can be assessed on the bonds in the
pocket,s of any foreign holder. Everybody
knows that. If you leave those words out of the
bill, not a dollar of tax can be assessed npon
them by any State in the Union. The only tax
that can be assessed upon them is upon that
portion of them which are held here, and tlicy
can only be taxed as other income is taxed. 1
look, I am sorry to say, to see the income tax
wiped off your statute-book in a very short time.
1 am sorry to believe that that is coming, but I
think it is coming. Within a year or two there
will be no tax imposed upon any kind of in-
comes. Now, why is it the part of wisdom to
put upon your statute-book a provision so ob-
noxious as this, which will really effect so little?
The public judgment is opposed to that declar-
ation, and yet what is effected in any econom-
ical point of view by employing this language
in the statute?
I do not say that if you refuse to strike out
that provision I shall refuse to vote for the
bill. 1 do say, unless I am enabled to see
light with reference to that clause of the third
section, which I have not yet seen, unless that
is stricken from the bill, 1 shall be obliged to
vote against it; for 1 will not again put in the
hands of any minister the unconditional power
to go into the market and borrow these notes
which now constitute a part of the circulation
of the country and to destroy tliein and to put
nothing in the circulation of the country in
their place. I know that this is limited and
put under the control of the discretion of tho
Secretary of the Treasury, No man has more
confidence in the discretion of that minister
than I have myself. If, m addition to the dis-
cretion which he has now, he were omnipres-
ent, could be in all parts of the country at
once, could be in the lumber-camps of Maine,
of Wisconsin, and of Oregon, the rice-fields,
the sugar-fields, and the cotton-fields of the
South, and the manufactories of New England
all at once, and if be were omniscient also ana
could see in seed time what the harvests would
