1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
Mr. IiOWBLL rose.
Mr. THAYER. If my friend will wait, I
will answer the point lie made just now.
Mr. HOWELL. Pleaseansweranotherpoint
while you are about it. They pay in equal and
exact justice according to general law ; and
having done that, they are not subject under
our laws or constitutions anywhere to have a
tribute required of them of $100 or $1,000 at
the will of the military commander who may
come in to pnnish guilty men.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, it has been
announced on authority which cannot be ques-
tioned that the authorities in those counties
are powerless to enforce the law. It has been
reported, too, by the same authority that there
is such a condition of things there that it is
impossible to find out the guilty. Now what is
the remedy proposed? That the people of those
counties shall be assessed to pay the expenses
of quartering troops there to enforce the law.
Now let me say to the Senator, and I bolievo
it is the conviction of every one, that if the
majority of the people—I will take the county
of Alamance, in North Carolina,—had united
as one body or one people and determined to
put down insurrection and violations of the
law, the difficulties there would have ended.
I noticed yesterday in the papers a dispatch
announcing that the Board of Trade in Nash-
ville had met, and resolved that (hero was no
violation of law in Tennessee more than there
was in any other State. They were oblivious
of the fact that murder had run riot in that
State. But the moment the Governor calls
upon the Executive of the United States for
Federal aid to pnt down that insurrection they
say if troops are sent into Tennesseo^it will
hurt trade ; it will turn trade away from tliem.
That Board of Trade kept quiet yearnl'tei-yeiir
while these outrages were being porpotrated,
and they hail not a word to .say. II' tliey, as
representative men of that portion of Tennes-
see, and if other moneyed men and business men
in other portions of Tennessee, in every eounly,
had met one year ago, and declared in a Slate
convention and in county conventions, that, mon-
ocracy and mob law and violence should cease
in Tennessee, there would have been peace in
that State. It is because the ruling majorities in
those counties have countenanced this reign of
mob law and violence, lmve winked at it, and
many of them encouraged it, that it has gone
on until the civil authorities are powerless.
They have been parlies to it, and men whom
yon may consider as innocent have aided and
encouraged this tiling until il has got beyond
the reach of the civil authorities.
Now, sir, if this amendment is adopted, in
my judgment it will bo hardly necessary lor
the President of the United States to send fed-
eral troops into more than two or three points
in these States. The mere passage of such a
law will exorcise a wholesome influence. It
willinspire these people with a wholesome fear,
and you will sec the leading men in every one
of these counties coming together and pledging
themselves that these outrages shall stop, be-
cause they see that the Government of the
United States is invoked, and its power will be
exerted and troops will bo sent there. The
very passage of this measure will cause protec-
tion to human life there and cause murders and
outrages to cease.
Now, sir, in regard to innocent persons being
made to suffer, let me ask. was the lat.e war
waged without causing suffering to the inno-
cent? 1 know well that the people of the noble
State of Iowa endured their share of human
suffering and human agony because of the
crimes of the guilty.
Mr. HOWELL. < But the United States
Senate did not sit here and deliberately and
of malice aforethought declare and provide
that the innocent should suffer during the war;
nor ought it to do so since the war.
Mr. THAYER. It provided troops for car-
rying on the war, and carrying on the war did
cause the innocent to suffer with the guilty. I
would to God that it were not so; but it is one
of the incidents of government, it is one of the
incidents of the execution of laws, that the
innocent must sometimes suffer with the guilty.
All have to help fight these battles; all have
to bear their share of the hardships and bur-
dens. But let me tell my friend from Iowa,
not a loyal man or a loyal woman in one of
those counties in Tennessee or Georgia or
North Carolina will complain of the passage
of this law. I believe that every one of them
will welcome its passage with joy, because it
will bring to them the protection of law; it
will bring to them that security which they
have not enjoyed for years. It will be time
enough for the Senator to raise his voice in
denunciation of the proposition when those
who are to be affected by it complain of its
oppression. I am told by Senators represent-
ing those States, that from their knowledge of
the people they will gladly welcome the pas-
sage of this measure and will gladly bear their
proportion of the assessments.
Mr. HOWELL. The Senator will under-
stand that f am as much interested as the peo-
ple down in Georgia in regard to this matter.
This is a law affecting the United States. As a
Senator here it is my duty to do what is proper
in the premises, and as a citizen hereafter I
may have to suffer, it may be, under this law.
Mr. DRAKE. Have you any Kukltixorgan-
izations in Iowa?
Mr. 110 WELL. We have very near neigh-
bors m your State, sir. [Laughter. J
Mr. TUAY'Eli. Someot my friend's former
neighbors have become citizens in these insur-
rectionary States.
Sir, there is a necessity for action. That
must, be admitted by ail. This is a mode of
curing these difficulties more effective, 1 be-
lieve, than any other, because by the passage
of this act they will receive notice that unless
these outrages ceasc troops will be sent into
the insurrectionary districts. I repeat, it is
within the power of the majority of the people
of those counties to secure peace in three days
if tliey are so disposed. We give them ample
notice, and not one of them will feel tiio effect
of this law unless tliey violate the law. If they
will not cease these violations, then let the strong
hand of military power be laid upon their necks
until they are made to submit to the law. For
one 1 will notecase in this work until the life
of the humblest individual who walks on Gou's
footstool is as safe in Georgia, is as safe in
Tennessee, is as safe in North Carolina, as it is
in Iowa or New York; I mean the State of
New York, not the city. [Laughter.]
Sir, the time has come when trilling with
human life must cease. The time has come
when trifling with this Govenimcntmustcease.
There must be more stringent laws than have
yet been passed to bring thosedefiant rebels to
submission ; and by the blessing of God I be-
lieve i( is in the spirit of this Congress to pass
those laws, to see that peace and order shall
supplant disorder, assassination, and violence.
The time has come for the power of (his Govern-
ment to be felt. Wo conquered them in the
field ; but in the year 1870 it has not yet been
determined whether we arc triumphantor not;
but before this Congress adjourns that ques-
tion must and will be sett led oil the side of order,
on the side of justice, on the side of good
government. 1 say, let us legislate, and quickly
too, and pass laws equal to the emergency until
every citizen is under the equal protection of
the law and in the full enjoyment of the bless-
ings of restored peace and a restored Union.
executive skssiom.
Mr. COLL. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, March 21, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
obdeil or business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committee", and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
albert ii. daniels.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill (H. E. No.
1560) for the relief of Albert H. Daniels, sur-
viving partner of Daniels & Co. ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
un it 150 states and mexico.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (II. Ii. No.
1557) for the promotion of commerce and
amity between the people of the United States
and of Mexico, by encouraging the citizens of
the United States to aid Mexico in the devel-
opment of her resources; which was read a
fust and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
setii wilmauth.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 108) authorizing the purchase
from Selh Wihnarth of the right to use hia
hydraulic lift; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
report 01' r. \v. raymond.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 10!)) to print sixteen thousand
copics of the report of R. W. Raymond, spe-
cial commissioner of mining statistics, on
mines and mining west of the Rocky mount-
ains ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
oiiajimou savedgii.
Mr. PLATT introduced a bill (II. R, No.
1558) granting a pension to Cuamplon Savedge :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
patsy hopkins.
Mr. PLATT also introduced a hill (II. 11.
No. 1559) granting a pension to Patsy Hop-
kins ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Commitfeeon Invalid Pen-
sions.
relief of settlers.
_Mr. BUCK introduced a bill (II. R. No.
15G0) for the relief of bona full settlers under
the homestead law in the St. Stephen's district,
State ot Alabama ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to bo printed.
removal of political disabilities.
_Mr. IIEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R, No.
!->61) to remove certain political disabilities
therein named in the State of Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
_Mr. HAYS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
15G2) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities im-
posed^ by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
postal facilities is alabama.
Mr. HAYS also presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Alabama,
