1870.
THE OOISTGrEBSSIONAL GLOBE.
3981
before the word " imprisoned." Is there any
objection to that?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes; there ought to
be imprisonment for such offenses as are here
described. *
Mr. PETERS. I do not'think there is grad-
uation enough of the punishments prescribed
tor the offenses described in this section. In
the first place, I am free to say that I think all
these revenue laws, from beginning to end. have
had too severe punishments for the commission
of minor offenses. I know the practical result
has been that where a man has unwittingly got.
bis fingers in where they could be pinched, and
there was a suspicion that lie had committed
:m offense, he is entirely in the hands of any
Government officer who may choose to put the
screws on him, and will submit to almost any
exaction rather than undergo the infamy of a
trial.
Now, while these punishments may not bo
too severe lor some of the offenses designated
in this section, I say that the minor punish-
ments, the least of all the punishments which
can be imposed for minor offenses under this
section as it now stands, are altogether dispro-
portionate. For instance, "if any person shall
knowingly and without lawlul excuse have in
his possession any washed, restored, or altered
stamps;" that is, if he shall have two two-cent
stamps, he must be punished as here proposed.
If an indiscreet youth of the age of eighteen
should have in his possession two two-cent
stamps which have been taken from bank
checks without lawful excuse, "the proof
whereof shall be on the person accused," that
possession is to be regarded as an offense, and
the burden of proof is imposed upon him to
show that he is innocent instead of guilty.
Now, in the ease of a person who may have
in his possession two altered or washed two-
cent stamps and is found guilty, 110 matter
what the circumstances of his turpitndo may
he, 1 want to know if gentlemen understand
what is the lowest possible punishment, that can
be inflicted upon that poor devil ? I will tell
you what it is. The judge who sentences him
■must impose this punishment—because there
is 110 minimum less than this—a fine of $500
and an infamous imprisonment in the State
prison of not less than a year. That is the
lowest punishment that can be imposed for
such a minor offense as I have indicated.
Now, there is no objection to having the pnu-
ishment made as high as two years' imprison-
ment, together with a high line; but some
discretion should be left in the court. In the
States of Maine, Massachusetts, and other
States having a similar jurisprudence, the
offense of manslaughter can be punished by
a fine of one cent, or it may be punished by
imprisonment for life. It depends upon the
character of the crime and the circumstances
connected with it. You ought to leave some
discretion with the court. The punishment
here imposed is altogether too extreme in the
case of minor offenses.
Mr. SCHENCK. It would be very much bet-
ter, if the gentleman selects that instance, for
him to offer an amendment fehat would propose
a milder punishment for that special offense,
than to take away altogether the severe punish-
ment provided for all the other crimes described
in this section, every one of which is in the
nature of forgery.
Mr. PETERS. I only propose to give the
court more discretion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely. We have not
})een willing to leave quite so much to the dis-
cretion of many of the courts. I could tell the
gentleman of cases in Virginia where a number
of malefactors of the worst kind, committing
the worst frauds in the way of cheating the
Government out of the tax upon distilled spir-
its, were, by some convenient arrangement
made between the judge and other officers of
the court, let off with mild fines and no im-
prisonment at all, thus being enabled to laugh
at the- punishment extended.
It may be well enough as a general rule to
leave a discretion to the court in these cases;
but we have found that in. most instances the
men who commit the particular class of offenses
here aimed at are in such a condition of life
that by reason of poverty, or having no means
that can be reached, they care little or nothing
for any fine that may bo'imposed upon them.
Take, for instance, one of the very offenses
described in this section—the restoring of
stamps which have been used. There have
been brought within the last year to the room
of the Committee of Ways and Means and ex-
hibited there, and exhibited also in still larger
quantities in the office of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, stamps which have been
canceled by what is called the "ribbon-stamp
canceler," and then washed so clean by the
application of some chemical preparation as
to appear as if fresh from the Mint. There is
proof that hundreds of thousands, and perhaps
millions of dollars, have been taken from the
public revenues by means of these frauds.
The adoption of some mechanical device, what-
ever it may be—and I believe tiie Commis-
sioner has now a considerable number that he
iavois,_subst,ituting a different sort of cancella-
tion for the present mode where it may be con-
venient—will, it is expected, obviate a large
part of these frauds. But, however that may
be, I would ask what some man up in a garret,
hidden away, cares for your penalties if those
penalties do not visit his person with imprison-
ment, or something that comes more directly
home to liim than the imposition of any fine?
I think that the particular fine described by
the gentleman from Maine is of a much lighter
character than any other mentioned in this
section ; and 1 submit that he might accom-
plish his object by proposing a wider range as
to the amount of the fine and the term of the
imprisonment. The term of imprisonment
might be allowed to range from one mouth or
three months to five years. But if the gentle-
man inserts "or" between the two modes of
punishment a man might get off with only 0110
when he deserved both, because with the law
so worded the court could not impose both.
I suggest that if the word "or" be inserted
the gentleman should add " or both, at the dis-
cretion of the court."
Mr. PETEltS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. That would be belter,
although under such a provision there might,
still be a liability of letting offenders o!f more
easily than their offenses deserve. But under
the amendment in its present form one pun-
ishment. would exhaust the power of the court.
Mr. PETEKS. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to strike out "and" and insert
'_'or," and to add the words "or by both
fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of
the court."
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest striking out "one
year" and inserting "one month" as the min-
imum term of imprisonment,
Mr. PETEKS. And the minimum fine ought
to bo as low as S100.
■Mr. ALLISON. I agree with'the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the motion to strike out "and" and
insert " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move to amend by
fixing " $100" instead of " §500" as the min-
imum fine; "one month" instead of "one
year" as the minimum term of imprisonment;
and by adding the words "or by both fine and
imprisonment, in the discretion of the court."
The araewdment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to reply to the fling
of the gentleman from Maine in regard to this
whole section. We hope before we get through
with this subject of taxation to do away with
informers and spies altogether, and to have no
more of them.
Mr. PETERS. I am glad of that.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, in. section nineteen,
line eighty-eight, after the word "accused " to
insert the words "for which purpose his own
testimony shall be admitted j" so it y?}\\ read:
Or if any person shall knowingly and without law-
tul excuse (tho proof whereof shall bo on the person
accused, lor which purposo his own testimony shall
be aamuted) hava in his possession any washed,
restored, or altered stamps which have, <&e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move, in section nine-
teen, line sixty-eight, to strike out the word
hereafter'' undinsert the word 1 {hereby ' so
it will read:
Or if any person shall fraudulently cut, tear, or
remove, or cause or, procure to bo cut, torn, or re-
moved the impression ol' any stamp, ilio, plate or
other instrument which .shall liavo heou provided
made, or used in lmrflunco of this net, or of any uc f,
hereafter m toree, from any volium, parchment or
paper, or any instrument in writing charged or
chargeable with ar.y ol' tho tuxca now or hcioby
liuposed by Jaw, <te.
I wish to say to the House that is unlike the
provision injisio sixty-four, which is limited to
a specific kind of legislation. In lino sixty-
eight, the House wiil take notice, the parties are
to be made liable, not only for the violation of
this, but for the violation of any law imposing
taxes which may hereafter bo passed. 1 do not
think the House of Representatives should sav
hi advance what penalties should be imposed
for a violation of future legislation.
Mr. ALLISON". Thisappliestos tamp taxes.
Mr. BINGUAM. 15y striking out the word
" hereafter" and inserting " hereby" will make
this apply to this bill, anil that is all it should
apply to.
Mr. SCI-IEN CE. I do not see this in the
same light as my colleague. Here is a general
provision in that part, of the lav/ which relates
to stamps which makes it a penal offense to
intermeddle with the stamps here described in
flu's act, or which may be provided in any
future act. Suppose m passing a future act—
for instance, in amending the law in relation
to the tax on distilled spirits—you change
tho form of the stamp, then you will have lo
re'dnaet in that all these penalties in relation
to stamps, or else, there will be no penalty pro-
vided at all. I do not think there is any dan--
ger in making this provision elastic enough to
provide for stamps provided for in this act, or
which may be provided in other laws.
Mr. Bixwmi's ameudmentwasdisagreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Seo. 20. Audio it further marl', d, That there ^ha! 1
he levied, collected, and paid n<, luxe-', for and sn
rcrpcct of the ,«cver.ii im!ru'urnt^, matter.-', and
things mentioned and described in the schedule H
herein) to annexed. or fo:; or in respect of tho v< Hum,
paiehment, or paper upon which such in-lruuion!,.
matter*, or ( or smv of them, (--hall bo writ?' n
or printed, by any person who t-ha,!! make, p;jrn. or
issue the same, or for whoso use or benefit the sane
shail be nia.de, sii;n<.d, oi issued, the hov eralamount.-
of money sot down in figure,-< against the
spectiveiy, or otherwise set forth in the paid sehed-
uie; tho payment of which amounts shall be indi-
cated and approved by adhef-h e stamps to be affixed
to such instruments, matters, and things, and can-
celed in tho manner and form prescribed by tiie
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Schedule JL
Bank cheek, draft, or order for the payment of anv
,".um of money whatsoever, drawn upon any imik,
banker, or trust company; and lor wiv ?mti ex-
ceeding ten dollars drawn upon any other
or persons, companies, or corporation?, atsiijbt or
011 demand, two cents  j
Bill of exchange, unland,; draft, or order lor'th"
payment of any sum or'money not exceeding
otherwise than at bight or on demand, or any" prom-
issory note, except banknotes issued for eiicuh1-
tion, and cheeks made and iut^mlcd lo be forth-
with presented, and which shall be presented 'o a
bank orhanker for payment, orany memorandum,
check, receipt, or other written or printed evidence
ot anamount, ot iiioany to be p.iid on dctuabd, or
at a time de.-i^nated, lor a sum not cxeoedhijy S-iU
live cents o
And foreveiy additional irlOU or iiactional ]>a> t
thereof, in e\ep.ss of Sh'O, five cents 5
Bill of exchange (foreign) or letter of credit, drawn
in, but payable out ot the United States', if drawn
sinjrly, or otherwise than according to the custom
of merchants and bankers, in a sot of three or more,
shall pay the same rates of duty as inland b:I!s oi
exchange or promissoiy notes. ,
If drawn in sets of three or more: for every bill ot
each set whore the sum made payable shan not
exceed SlOOor the equivalent thereof, in any Jo. -
eisrn currency in which such bills may ho exp-ewd
according to the standard of value lixcd hy Urn
United States, two cents J.
