1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3037
sent to counsel In other parts of the United
States. Some have rendered service,and some
we cannot find rendered any at all. Neverthe-
less the money has been paid.
But, sir, this money has not been paid under
anv authority of law, but out of the gross sum
appropriated forthe collection of the revenue,
which, as gentlemen know, is contained in the
' general appropriation bill, to the amount of
eight or ten million dollars. Into that fund
they put their hands to pay these extra expenses.
If these extra services are needed I wish to have
officers to attend to them.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the law prevent it
if these officers of the Government take the
responsibility?
Mr. JENCKES. We propose to make it
illegal for the Secretary of the Treasury to do
so. If he wishes to engage counsel in any case
he must send to the Attorney General. If the
Attorney General cannot try the case and the
emergency requires assistant counsel, he can
employ them. It is then done by the head of
the law department, and not by the head of the
Interior Department or the head of the Treas-
ury Department. He is responsible as the
chief law officer of the Government. If any
erroris committed we shall know who ischarge-
able with it. We have then the assurance, if
he be the proper person, that the office will be
administered economically. Thesearethe prin-
cipal provisions of the bill. They may not
provide a perfect system, but they are certainly
adequate to the present law business of the
country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the gen-
tleman's permission I wish to ask a question.
Before doing so I wish to say that I have list-
ened with great interest to the remarks of the
gentleman from Rhode Island, and I think the
whole House ought to be indebted to the gen-
tleman for this move in the right direction.
It is valuable substantive legislation to take up
the scattered and fragmentary work now being
done in the nameof the law and to pnt it under
one organization and one head. While I entirely
approve of the bill so far as I have examined
it, and feel myself greatly indebted to the
gentleman from Rhode Island for the labor
he has performed, I wish to know what will
become of the Judge Advocate General with
eight assistant judge.advocates. Are they to
be transferred ?
Mr. JENCKES. He is not transferred.
"Judge Advocate General" is the title of an
officer of the Navy Department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It reads here
Judge Advocate General.
Mr. JENCKES. That is the naval Judge
Advocate General. We do not touch in this
bill the Bureau of Military Justice of the Army
nor the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
They are out of the scope of this civil law
.business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. IXwish to ask
the gentleman from Rhode Island the reason
for not adding the Judge Advocate General
to this department. Of course there is great
dissimilarity between military and civil law;
but it seems to me that this department of
military justice should be in some-appropriate
way subordinated to the civil law. J The gen-
tleman has examined this subjeCf sufficiently
to say whether the two are incompatible. If
they are, I will not press the matter.
Mr. JENCKES. We have examined it.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to say in answer
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio
that I understand there is no such civil officer
as Judge Advocate General. It is a mon-
strosity which has grown up, and in my opinion
it ought to be thrown overboard. Tit is a mil-
itary office and does not belong to the civil
service at all^l Instead of being transferred to
the Attorney"General's department it should
be abolished. I would not disfigure our civil
system by retaining or transferring this to it.
Mr. JENCKES. It is an entirely different
branch of 1a"w, and ought to be under a military
chief and not a civil law officer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why, then, in-
clude the naval Judge Advocate General? Are
not the duties similar to those of the Judge
Advocate General of the Army ?
Mr. JENCKES. The duties of thenaval Judge
Advocate General are, as we learned on inquiry,
purely civil. He has nothing to do with courts-
martial. Hia dutiesaresimilartothoseformerly
performed by the solicitorof the War Depart-
ment. He gives advice when the Department
comes into conflict with the civil Departments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not agree
that the office of Judge Advocate General of
the Army should be thrown ovferboard. It
has been of very great service in subordinating
courts-martial in the Army to some general
review.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman
from Rhode Island propose to legislate in ref-
erence to the Judge Advocate General as a
civil officer?
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all. That' is out
of the scope of this bill altogether, and belongs
to the Military Committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to say a word
in reference to that point.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Twelve and ahalf minutes.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield to the gentleman
for a few moments.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a word or
two in consequence of the remark made by
the chairman of the Committee on Retrench-
ment that he thought this was purely a mili-
tary office, and that it therefore belonged to
the Committee on Military Affairs. Hereto-
fore the system in the Army with regard to
courts-martial was the same as that which pre-
vails in the Navy now. Detail was made, it
being always understood that any intelligent
officer in the Army was sufficiently competent
to be a judge advocate on a court-martial.
Lieutenants were generally detailed for the
purpose. During the war this system sprung
up. Since the war we have had judge advo-
cates from the rank of brigadier general down-
ward, any number of them, thus doing away
entirely with the old system. Some of these
men, however, are judges of civil courts in
Virginia, while at the same time judge advo-
cates of the Army, drawing pay, I presume,
for both offices. From the facts which have
come within my knowledge I think there are
too many of them. I believe, too, that many
questions relating to civil matters are referred
to the Judge Advocate General to be decided
by aim. For instance, a question as to the
assessment of the taxes On salaries was re-
ferred by the Adjutant General to the Judge
Advocate General of th6 Army, a question
which ought, of course, to have gone to the
Attorney General. In the Army they have
got into the habit of referring every legal ques-
tion, civil as well as military, to the Judge
Advoeate General. I think that the decision
of all these questions should be in one depart-
ment, so as to subordinate the military to the
civil, which is the theory of our Government.
I would prefer to have it' in that way. And
when the gentleman says that he leaves that
to the Committee on Military Affairs, I will
make this suggestion to him. The gentleman
proposes to organize a bureau of justice. This
belongs to his committee. If I were to come
before the House to propose a bill of that
kind from our committee we would be attacked
as we have been heretofore, and charged with
a desire to act to the prejndice of the Army.
I hope the gentleman from Rhode Island
will succeed with his measure, and that he will
include in it the Judge Advocate General,
leaving him as many judge advocates as the
committee may consider to be necessary, after
examination, doingaway with the rest, because
there are some of them down here who hold
judgeships in civil courts, getting pay in that
capacity, and who as judge advocates are of
no advantage to the Army or the country.
Mr. BECK. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, I desire to make n
suggestion in connection with the remarks just
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan. J An important case came before the
Committee on Reconstruction the other day.
Governor Senter, of Tennessee, sent a message
to the President of the United States asking
for troops and authority to use them. That
comrtiunication was referred to the Judge Ad-
vocate General, and his opinion was laid before
the Reconstruction Committee of this House
to govern theirs. I think it is clear that the
opinion which should have been given in such
a case was that of the Attorney General.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee have pre-
ferred to confine the bill entirely to the officers
who belong to civil Departments, and not to
transfer to the department of justice any mil-
itary office. But if the gentleman from Illinois
has any amendment to offer to the bill on this
subject I am willing that he should take the
sense of the House upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to act in oppo-
sition to the Committee on Retrenchment. I
merely made a suggestion to the committee
which I think is a proper suggestion. The
Judge Advocate General is not properly a mil-
itary officer. He has military rank, but not
military command. He holds merely a military
title, bat is a law officer and not a military offi-
cer. I think what belongs to the legal aspect
of the War Department will be transferred to
the department of justice. But I will trespass
no further on the gentleman's time.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee had this
•matter fully under consideration, and went
into it very carefully. They found two sys-
tems existing entirely distinct. They did not
wish to mingle the military law: and the civil.
They wished to keep the offices distinct, as far
as practicable, and to hold the War Depart-
ment, as well as all others, to their responsibil-
ity, so that in asking legal advice they should
go to the proper office, the Attorney General's.
But these courts-martial are not composed of
lawyers, but of officers. The military law
which is enforced in those courts has very little
analogy to the cotnmon law or the civil law.
The modesof proceeding are entirely different,
and as the gentleman has said, almost any
well-informed officer, either of the Army or
the Navy, can act as judge advocate.
Mr. WOODWARD. I.wish the gentleman
would provide in his bill for doing away with
the office of Judge Advoeate General of the
Army, and clear away thia whole excrescence
which grew up during the war.
Mr. JENCKES. That is a question belong-
ing to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
ought not to let it go on the record that this
office is an excrescence. We have in the whole
range of the Army judicial questions arising in
relation to military men, and their examination
and trial, and there ought to be some general
supervising power.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee have care-
fully considered this whole subject; yet I do
not propose to call the previous question upon
the bill thia morning. If gentlemen wish to
offer any amendments in regard to the adminis-
tration of military law they will have time to do
so. The opinion of the committee was clear
that those questions should not be intermingled
with the objects provided for in this bill. If
the Hoafie thinks otherwise it can be easily
done by an amendment. I will now yield the
floor, trusting that the gentleman to whom the
floor may be awarded will allow me to take
the floor and move the previous question after
he shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, for nearly
two years and a half I have been urging upon
