1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
house of representatives.
Wednesday, February 0, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
duty on foreign coal.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
presented a resolution passed by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Massachusetts, relative to
the duty on foreign coal; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
conference committee.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Logan, Mr. Cook, and Mr. Knott as
the conferees on the part, of the House upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
Senate bill No. 435. for the temporary relief
of the poor and destitute people of the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BURR. I call for the regular order
of business.
election contest foster vs. covode.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the contested-
election case of Foster vs. Covode, from the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania.
The question was upon the adoption of the
following:
Resolved, That Henry D. Foster is not entitled to
a seut in this House as Representative from the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Retnlvtd, That John Covode wasduly olected Rep-
resentative in Congress from the twenty-first, con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania at. the election
held therein on the 10th day of October, 1868, and
that he is entitled to a seat in this House as such
Representative.
The SPEAKER. Thcgentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] has two minutes of
his hour remaining.
Mr. RANDALL. I suppose I might as well
ask now as at any time that my time be ex-
tended.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move that the gen-
tleman's time be extended.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. CHURCHILL. For such time as he
may desire.
Mr. RANDALL. I will hasten as much as
I can.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know
what length of time the gentleman wants, and
whether he wants it for himself or to distribute
to others.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised
of any arrangement made touching the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it had better be
left to the gentleman having charge of the case
on the other side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
charge of a matter generally advises the House
through the Chair at what time the previous
question will be called.
Mr. CHURCHILL. My purpose is, one
hour after the close of the speech of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] who
now has the floor, to call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It isunderstood, then, that
the side of the House represented by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has one hour from
this time.
Mr. CBURCHILL. No; one hour after the
close of the speech of the gentleman who now
has the floor.
The SPEAKER. He has two minutes left.
Mr. CHLJRCHILL. How much time does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] desire?
Mr. RANDALL. About fifteen minutes.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Then, one hour after
fifteen minutes from this time I will call the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is recognized for fifteen minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] will remember that yes-
terday I made no attempt to limit him. I may
want a few minutes over the fifteen minutes.
Mr. CHURCHILL. There will be no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Take half an hour.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 cannot possibly want
more than half an hour.
It will be remembered by the House that at
the adjournment yesterday I was proceeding
in the examination of the details of the votes
improperly given, as alleged, for Mr. Covode.
I resume that examination. The following
statement will exhibit the names of the voters
which, in the judgment of the minority, were
illegally cast for Mr. Covode, the reasons
assigned for their illegality, a reference to the
witnesses who testify in regard to each, and the
page upon which their testimony is tojje found.
Isaac Johnson, it is alleged upon the
part of Mr. Foster, voted for Mr. Covode in
Wharton township, of which he was not then
a resident. He wag a married man, and his
wife, with whom he was then residing, lived in
North Union township, and although he owned
a farm in Wharton and occasionally visited
there, his residence has never been in that
township since his marriage, and his vote there-
fore should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
(See testimony of McCartney, page 313 ; Van
j!'Bremen, pages 311, 312, 313.)
James Cliorning, it is clearly shown, voted
, at the election in Wharton township, and for
1 Mr. Covode, and that he was not then a resi-
dent of that township. (See testimony of Mc-
Cartney, pages 313, 344; Van Bremen, pages
311,312; McCullough, page 314.) This vote
should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
Azariah Shaw is shown by the testimony of
McDowell (page 33) and Boyd (page 331) to
have voted illegally, and for Mr. Covode. He
was then a resident and had a family residing
in Ohio; was in Union borough only under
medical treatment, and had not acquired any
residence in this State. This vote, therefore,
should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
James Kean was a resident of Yenango
county, Pennsylvania, and was not entitled to
i vote iu Tyrone township; and his vote cast in
! that township was therefore illegal. He came
. only to get married at the time of the election,
: and voted for Mr. Covode, and left the day
^ after the election. When here lie evidently
I did not intend to remain, as is shown by the
i testimony of Kean, (page 309,) wherein he
I states that his son James had a man iu his
j place while he was absent from Venango
: county. This vote, therefore, should be de-
j ducted from the count for Mr. Covode.
i Before I proceed further, let me go back for
[ a few moments to two votes which it is claimed
j should be deducted from Mr. Foster's poll,
! but the objection to which is not sustained, in
my judgment. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Churchill] and myself have examined
the printed record, and we find there the
admission that those two votes of Josiah Plnnt
and John Mclntyre should be counted. That
admission had escaped the attention of both
of us. 1 think, therefore, the gentleman from
New York is ready to admit that those two
votes should be counted for Mr. Foster.
Mr. CHURCHILL. That is correct.
Mr. RANDALL. The fifth vote in the list
of those which Mr. Foster claims were illegally
cast for Mr. Covode is that of John M. Lar-
rimef^ who voted for Mr. Covode iu Sewickly
township. It is proved by the testimony of
Mr. McFarlane, an uncle of the voter, that
Larrimer resided in the city of Pittsburg, and
was never a resident of the twenty-first con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania.
The sixth vote is thatof John M. Haymaker,
who moved to West Virginia, was there elected
a justice of the peace and appointed postmas-
ter, and acted as such after being duly commis-
sioned, and did not again return to Pennsyl-
vania until in June, 18(58, which would be only
four months prior to the October election in
that year. The law is that where a citizen of
the State has gone beyond the bounds of the
State, he shall, if he returns, reside in the
State again for six months before he again
exercises the right of citizenship. But if I
needed further evidence that this vote should
not be counted, I would turn to the evidence,
which shows that Mr. Haymaker voted for
Mr. Covode in October; thai in November he
offered to vote, and his vote was rejected upon
the ground that he had not at that time ac-
quired a right to vote. Of course this vote
should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
Frank Heiser, it appears, voted for Mr.
Covode without presenting his naturalization
certificate to the board. This vote is errone-
ously charged against Mr. Foster in the ma-
jority report, and has been deducted from
him. The fact shows that it should just be
reversed.
William Hartford, alias Fletcher, and J. D.
Davis voted for Mr. Covode in Kuhn's district,
in Unity township. Neither of these men
was a resident of that district, and their votes
should be deducted from Mr. Covode. They
were mere sojourners there, on a visit, not
properly qualified to vote in that district, not
known to the assessor; but one of them was
assessed under an assumed name; and both
left that district the Friday after the election
for the State of Ohio.
It is shown by the evidence of M. S. Over-
holt, a witness upon the part of Mr. Covode,
that Jacob Justice was in the wood and willow-
ware business with Howe, Euston & Co., in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and had been
there probably eighteen months or two years;
he was not engaged iu any business in Mount
Pleasant, was there ouly occasionally on a
visit, and voted in Mount Pleasant borough at
the October election of 1SG8 for John Covode
for Congress. That he had a legal residence
iu Philadelphia, and was a qualified voter there,
cannot be questioned ; and this vote, therefore,
should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
Lyman B. Sherrick also voted in Mount
Pleasant borough for Mr. Covode, while it is
shown by the testimony of M. S. Overholt that
he was then engaged in doing business in Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, witti Adatnson & Fet-
ters, in the notion business, and had been so
engaged for perhaps a year previous to that
election : that he did not own any property in
Mount Pleasant; that he was a married man
and bad taken up housekeeping in Philadel-
phia. This vote should be deducted from Mr.
Covode.
Judson Newmyer also voted for Mr. Covode
in Mount Pleasant borough, although, aa is
shown by the testimony of M. S. Overholt,
he was engaged in doing business for Jesse
Lippincott, of Pittsburg, in the grocery busi-
ness, and certainly he was not a resident of
Mount Pleasant borough. This vote, there-
fore, should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
David K. Faulk, in Alleghany township,
voted for Mr. Covode, and it appears from the
testimony of his brother that for four years
almost he had been in Oil City, in Venango
county, Pennsylvania, and only came into the
district in which he voted two or three days
before the election. Now, under the law, he
ought to have been there ten days before the
election. This vote should be deducted from
Mr. Covode.
John C. Paul, Samuel McCune, William J.
McCune, Nelson Henry, Melton Bartley, John
Decker, David Ransom, and Ephraim Taylor
voted for Mr. Covode in Blairsville. It is
shown by the testimony of Boyers, the Repub-
lican clerk, that he never saw Paul before or
since the election, and that he left the town on
the noon train the day upon which the election
was held. Paul, it is in evidence, is mail agent
on the Pennsylvania railroad.
Now, just here, in regard to this man Paul,
I desire to make a statement. I took the
trouble to go to the Post Ofiice Department
and ascertain from what place this man Paul
was.appointed. I learned that he was appointed
