1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
upon the recommendation of the honorable
gentleman now here seekingaseat, Mr. Covode,
as a citizen of Altoona, and not at all as a
citizen of Blairsville.
Samuel McCune lived at Lewistown, or Co-
luinbia, or Port Deposit, and wasin an engineer
corps there then and yet. He came to Blairs-
ville, it also appears, at noon of either the day
nf the election or the day before, and went
away as soon as the election was over.
William J. McGune is a brakeman on a pas-
senger train between Pittsburg aud Altoona,
and came to Blairsville either on Saturday or
Monday evening previous to the election. He
was allowed to vote on his own oath and with-
out any other proof of residence beiug required
by the board, and left Blairsville on the day of
Pennsylvania, where he would have been legally
entitled to vote. If so, his vote was improp-
erly received in West Newton, Westmoreland
county. He could not have had such a resi-
dence in two different districts at the same
time as would entitle him to vote in either.
He voted for Covode, and should be deducted
from his poll.
Rev. William Ewing voted for Covode in
Franklin township. His right to vote in that
county was objected to on two grounds. 1.
That he had not such residence there as enti-
tled him to vote. 2. That he had not paid State
or county a tax as required by law to entitle
him to a vote. The evidence of S. J. Miller (p.
383) leaves the question of residence doubtful,
but it is clear that there was no personal tax
the election. Milton Bartley came to Blairs- ! assessed on him within two years, nor had he
ville "several days before the election," and
although the witness has been a resident of
Blairsville since 1861, he does not recollect of
Feeing the voter there at any time except at the
election.
Nelson Henry was mail agent on the West
Pennsylvania railroad, ate breakfast and sap-
per aud had his lodgings in Alleghany City,
but took his dinner iti Blairsville. He voted
for Mr. Covode without the shadow of right,
andliisvote should be excluded from the count.
Now, in regard to this Nelson Henry, the
post office record shows that he was appointed
as a citizen of Pittsburg, and recommended as
6uch by Hon. Mr. Covode. In other words,
it is claimed that he obtained the right to vote
in Blairsville because he had breakfasted,
dined, or supped there. It might as well be
claimed that X was a Frenchman because I
had dined with the French minister at some
time with just as much propriety.
Ephraim Taylor was an engineer upon the
West Pennsylvania railroad, and the facts in
his case are precisely the same as in the case
of Henry.
John Decker was time-keeper at the soda
works in Alleghany county; "he had been
there two years or more, and only reached
Blairsville either Saturday or Monday previous
to the election." He voted on his own oath,
as to his residence and all, for Mr. Covode,
and we deduct his vote.
David Ransom came to Blairsville on the
evening of the election; he was working in the
railroad company's shops; had been absent for
a couple of years. He voted for Mr. Covode,
and his vote should be deducted.
We cannot fail to conclude from the evidence
presented that these persons were improperly
introduced into that district for the purpose of
aiding in the election of Mr. Covode.
Jaines Boyd, who voted for Mr. Covode in
Irwin borough, was not a resident, as appears
by the testimony of Cort, who is very clear
that Boyd had not lived in Irwin for three or
four years prior t# that election. McQuaide
testifies that he is running on the railroad and
lies over in Pittsburg, where his residence is,
and is positive that he had no residence in
Irwin for at least one year before the Octo-
ber election of 1868. Boyd himself says he
claimed Irwin as a residence because he had
relatives living there and had himself at some
time prior lived there; since then had passed
through the borough on his train running from
Pitfsburg, in Alieghany county, to Conemaugh,
in Cambria county. This vote should be de-
ducted from the count of Mr. Covode.
John Worthington, who voted for Mr. Covode ;
in German township, from the testimony of '
Thomas A. McKean, (pp. 282, 832, 342,) was '
nota resident in that township. His vote ought, |
therefore, to be deducted from Mr. Covode.
Tk  M. i „   Jished by majority report, as perscbeaule (J,
ft also proves ii Add votes offered to be oast for Covode, but
paid snch tax. On this ground his vote should
be deducted from Mr. Covode.
William Williams, who voted for Mr. Covode
at Irwinborough, it is clearly proved by James
M. Gnffey, (p. 404) and by Eli McCormiok,(pp.
888, 389,) inspectors of that election, voted on
fraudulent papers, and on that ground his vote
was rejected at the November election. At
the November election, the papers on which
he had voted in October were proved to be
fraudulent.
James McWilliams, it appears from the tes-'
timony of Robert S. Robinson, (p. 416,) voted
for Covode in Penn township, he then being
a resident of the city of Philadelphia. This
vote should be deducted from Mr. Covode.
Israel Gintelsberger and Tobias Gintels-
berger are both proved (see Horrell, p. 410,
and Bennett, p. 408) to have voted for Mr.
Covode in Fairfield township, and that both
are of unsound mind. Yet these were not
rejected as among the lunatic voters.
J. Wesley Lee, it is shown by Millholland
(p. 429) and Latz, (p. 424) voted in Rostraver
township for Mr. Covode, and is a lunatic.
His case is precisely similar to those imme-
diately preceding th is, and evenastronger case,
his lunacy being so strongly marked as to pre-
vent him from even knowing his Own acts.
John Barner voted at the election in Ros-
traver township for Covode; he was a for-
eigner, and was not naturalized.
Levi Hanlin voted in East Mahoning town-
ship for Mr. Covode. The evidence of Rich-
ardson (p. 436) shows that this man was not a
resident of that district at that time, and not
j entitled to vote therein.
I Wilson Miller, it appears from the testimony
; of Blue (p. 440,) and Brady, (p. 440,) voted
J in Payne township for Mr. Covode. From his
| own declarations it is very clear that he was
: yet a minor at the time of that election. This
I vote we deduct from Mr. Covode.
William Butterbaugh voted, it would ap-
pear, at the election in Greene .township,
when liis residence, as is shown by Wagoner,
(p. 444,) was in Grant township, to which dis-
] trict he had moved in the spring prior to that
I election. He is proved also to have been a
I Republican, and it is not unfair to assume that
| he voted for Mr. Covode. We have deducted
| this vote from him.
I now proceed to recapitulate the vote in
| this case:
Foster's admitted majority  41
Add illegal votes cast for Covode, as appears in
arguments, not embracing persons of unsound
mitid,20 of which are conceded by the majonly
report, as per schedules marked A and B.  54
Add votes offered to be cast for Foster, but ille-
gally rejeoted by the election officers  3
Poster's majority  98
Deduct illegal votes cast for Foster, including
those votes cast by lunatics, claimed and estab-
lished by majority report, as perschedule C, 36
that John Connelly voted for Mr. Covode in
German township, he not having such resi-
dence as entitled him to vote in that district, or
any other in th« State of Pennsylvania. This
vote should also bt deducted from Mr. Covode.
John Swan proves (p. 861) that Rev. W. C.
Kaufman's family resides in Chambersburg,
illegally rejected by the election officers....
Add voie supposed for Foster in excess of
tally-list of names in Sewickly township...
Also one of like character in South Hunt-
ingdon   
1
- 44
Actual majority for Foster      54
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to extract
from this testimony and exhibit as clearly as
possible every particle of evidence which would
seem to have a sufficient bearing upon the case
to enter into its decision. Before concluding
I desire, in a brief review of the case, to call
attention, in the first place, to the admission
made in March last as to the prima facie right
to the seat, as indicated by both reports from
the Committee of Election*;. According to the
decision of the entire Committee of Elections
it is shown that at that time Mr. Foster was
prima fade entitled to his seat. And, sir, this
accounts for the trick by which an ingenious res-
olution was prepared and thrust into the hands
of the distinguished member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] w&o offered it, which res-
olution by its terms excluded from examina-
tion on the part of the committee evidence
by which Mr. Foster would have been clearly
entitled to the seat prima facie. Sir, it was
feared that the pure character of Mr. Foster,
his high-toned deportment, his intellectual
attainments as a man, and his ability as a law-
yer, would, if he were admitted to mingle as a
member among the gentlemen of this House,
extort from the House justice; that mem-
bers would be loth to expel him upon merely
partisan considerations. Those who framed
that resolution by which Mr. Foster was de-
prived of the exercise of his right as a member
showed their shrewdness in that movement.
Now, sir, I venture the opinion that there
is not a court in Christendom which, sitting in
a judicial capacity and considering this whole
evidence pro and con, would, under the sanc-
tity of an oath, fail to decide this case as thp
minority of the committee have decided, and
award this seat as the minority of the commit-
tee recommend it should be awarded, to Mr.
Foster.
I am free to admit that my distinguished
associate on the committee, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Churchill,] differs from me
altogether with reference to the proper func-
tion of the Committee of Elections. I main-
tain that that committee is a judicial body,
charged with the decision of these cases in
accordance with the law, and that we should
not for any partisan consideration move one
hair's breadth from that line of duty. My dis-
tinguished friend does not subscribe to that
doctrine, as was indicated by his vote in this
House on a proposition which declared that
principle. I can therefore readily understand
how my colleague and I, in our action upon
this case, should differ as to our line of duty.
But there is in this House a vast majority of
members who do not concor in the opinion of
the gentleman as to the duties of the commit-
tee. A vast majority here have declared before
the country that they look upon the Committee
of Elections as a judicial body, bound to de-
termine these cases according to the law and
the fact. To members holding this view I
appeal in this case. I have very, little hope
from those who entertain an opinion that they
have the right to dismiss considerations of law,
of fact, of justice, and decide these cases accord-
ing to whether the contestant is of their political
faith or of an opposing political faith. If such
a decision shall be arrived at, and each one
shall, as I have done, sift this testimony for
himself, then I have little fear of the result.
1 have no fear of the result.
j Mr. Speaker, how much time have I occu-
i pied?
The SPEAKER, Eighteen minntes.
Mr. RANDALL. I am nnder obligation to
yield five minutes of my half hour to my col-
league.
6 COIN NOTES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 378, to provide a national cur-
rency of coin notes, and to equalize the distri-
bution of circulating notes, and to move that
it be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
