3038
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
the attention of the House the necessity of
passing a bill substantially in the form ot the
one now under consideration. I trust that after
it shall have received the attention it deserves
it will receive the sanction of the House and
will speedily become a law.
The general purpose of the bill now before
the House (H. R. No. 13*28) will be readily
understood from its provisions and from the
explanations given of them. The necessity for
its passage will be apparent from a consider-
ation of the statutes providing law officers for
the Government, and the evils which have grown
and are likely to grow out of the present sys-
tem. These laws are all, or nearly all, referred
to in a speech which I had the privilege of
making in this House on the 19th of February,
1868, and they are generally so well under-
stood that I need not repeat any reference to
them now.
They provide a law officer for the War De-
partment, the Navy Department, the Post
Office Department, the State Department, sev-
eral for the Treasury Department, for the Court
of Claims, and an Attorney General, who is a
mere officer, not the head of a Department.
There is no law department. These various
officers have no common head or superior.
Each gives his opinions, and they are the guide
for officers, bureaus, or Departments. Not
only these, but the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, and the Auditors and other officers, de-
cide the gravest questions of law and fre-
quently give opinions. This host of officers,
giving opinions or deciding questions, are not
controlled by any common head to secure uni-
formity, and the result is that no citizen, no
lawyer, can ever learn what has been decided,
what are the rules governing any Department,
bureau, or, officer; or if these could be learned,
so great is the confusion and conflict that we
might as well attempt to read the whirlwind.
It may be proper to allude to an example
or two.
On the 17th of January the Comptroller of
the Treasury gave an opinion on section one
hundred and nineteen of the internal revenue
act of June 30, 1864, as amended by section
thirteen ofthe act of March 2,1867, and directed
the Assistant Treasurer at New York to retain
the income tax from salaries paid by him.
But a week prior to that time the Judge
Advocate General of the Army had advised
the Paymaster General that the income tax
could not be deducted, and a circular was issued
accordingly by the Paymaster General to the
paymasters of the Army. These conflicting
opinions may be found in the speech of my
colleague [Mr. Schenck] made in this House
on the 19th of January. The bill now under
consideration proposes to remedy this by pro-
viding that—
The officers of the law department, under the
direction ofthe Attorney General, shall give all opin-
ions requiring the skill of persons learned in the
law necessary to enable the President and heads
of the Executive Departments to discharge their
respective duties, &c.
No opinion will be authority to a Depart-
ment unless approved by the Attorney General.
This will securc uniformity.
I will cite another case showing the necessity
of this bill. On the 15th of August, 1865, the
Comptroller of the Currency, a most able and
faithful officer, in an elaborate and very learned
opinion of twenty-six printed pages, advised
.the Secretary of the Treasury that a bona fide
holder of "Texas indemnity bonds," issued
under the act of September 9, 1850, but not
indorsed by the Governor of Texas, as required
by the act of the Legislature of that State of
December 16, 1851, was entitled to payment.
Since that opinion, one hundred and seventy-
five of these bonds, not indorsed by the Gov-
ernor, have been paid at the Treasury, some
of them previously sold in England by rebel
agents of Texas to aid the rebellion.
The Supreme Court has recently decided
that no holder could claim payment unless the
bonds were indorsed by the Governor, and by
a Governor, too, not in rebellion. (Texas vs.
White & Chiles, 25 Texas Iiep., Supplement
by Paschal.)
Mr. MAYNARD. The heads of Departments
and of bureaus are charged with the execution
of the law, and of course they must execute it
as they understand it. If they have to inter-
pret the law and execute it accordingly, how
are we to prevent it? What remedy have we?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have referred to a
case in which an opinion was given to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by a subordinate officer
| of the Treasury Department. The Secretary
! of the Treasury seems to have called upon the
Comptroller ofthe Treasury for a legal opinion,
{ and here it is in a printed pamphlet of twenty-
| six pages. Now, we propose to say by this
bill that it shall be the duty of the law officers
of the Government to give all the opinions
necessary to enable the President, heads of
Departments,heads of bureaus,and all officers,
to perform their respective duties. We will
make the law, and if these officers do not obey
it the fault will be theirs. If this bill passes no
such opinion can again be given. And it will
clearly be the duty of officers executing the
laws to ask for opinions of the proper law
I officers in all cases admitting of doubt or con-
1 struction.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the Secretary of the Treasury is the
head of these several chiefs of bureaus, and yet
each one is independent. It is the duty of the
First Comptroller to pass upon certain cases,
and so with the other comptrollers and the
several auditors. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has personally about as little to do with the
: matter as the gentleman has or I have.
^ Mr. LAWRENCE. One great object of this
bill is to provide a law officer whose opinion
shall be asked upon all questions admitting of
doubt, and whose opinions shall become the
rule of action for the Departments and for the
several heads of bureaus*. That will be the effect
of this bill. And if this bill had been the law
when this opinion of the Comptroller of the
Treasury was asked we would have had the
opinion of the Attorney General instead of the
opinion given, and it is not probable that the
Attorney General would have given such an
opinion as this.
Mr. COX. The opinion of the Attorney
General was asked and given, and it confirmed
the opinion of Comptroller Tayler, and many
payments were made under it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have read the manu-
script opinion of the Attoraey General, (Mr.
Stanbery,) and his opiniou was not given upon
the facts and questions presented either in the
opinion of Comptroller Tayler or in the opinion
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
His attention was not called to the act of the
Legislature of Texas upon which the decision
of the Supreme Court turned. If the opinion
of the Attorney General had been asked upon
all those questions it is not probable that he
would have given the same opinion as that
upon which the Treasury Department acted.
Mr. COX. The gentleman must not under-
stand me as objecting to the bill at all. I be-
lieve some such law is necessary. I approve
of the bill, so far as I understand it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The object of this bill
is to carry out precisely the purpose which the
gentleman indorses, and which I and others
also indorse.
And now I proceed to show further the
necessity of passing this bill. The Auditor of
the Post Office Department, in charge of the
prosecution of mail depredations—immense
in number and importance as they are—and
controlling them throughout the country, is
merely a fourth-class clerk. He gives opin-
ions and directions, and has compiled and
published the Post Office laws without the aid
of or the accuracy to be secured by the pro-
founder attainments and riper skill of the
Attorney General. The law officers of the
Treasury Department and Internal Revenue
Bureau decide questions mvolving millions
annually wholly independent of the Attor-
ney General, who may frequently give dif-
ferent and conflicting opinions. Examples
might be multiplied without number, but these
are sufficient for illustration. The fault is not
in the officers who have been called upon to
discharge these legal duties, but in the system
itself. This bill is necessary, then, to secure
uniformity in the legal advice given to the
President, heads of departments, bureaus, and
officers.
This bill is also a measure of economy. It
will reduce expenditures for legal services to
the Government and put an end to a system
which might be perverted to purposes of favor-
itism.
Under various laws, and sometimes, per-
haps, without any very definite law, a practice
has growu up largely since 1860 of giving
employment to counsel for the Government in
almost every conceivable capacity and under
a great variety of circumstances—to counsel
who are not officers of the Government, nor
amenable as such. Under appropriations for
collecting the revenues, and other general pur-
poses, very large fees have been paid for ser-
vices which could have been performed by
proper law officers at much less expense. As
an example I may say, that in one year—1867—
over one hundred thousand dollars were paid
for fees and expenses for counsel employed by
Departments and officers of Government, in
addition to salaries paid district attorneys and
other regular law officers of the Government.
I submit a statement, as follows:
Statement of allowance* for legal tervicet during the
year 1867.
By the Treasury Department $67,311 16
By the Attorney General's department in
Supreme Court of the United States  6,050 00
By the special counscl to assist district
attorneys  7,953 00
By the assistant district attorneys  6.032 9u
Special counsel employed  6,500 00
By the State Department, (about)  5.500 00
Total for one year $99,401 12
Besides this, the fees in the Surratt case
were paid. (See House Executive Documents,
Fortieth Congress, second session, Nos. 198,
221, 289, [298,] 338; also, Senate Executive
Document, second session Forty-First Con-
gress, No. 4.)
I have not deemed it necessary to compile
the expenditures for other years, but they are
such as to demonstrate the necessity for speedy
retrenchment and reform.
In some instances the amount paid one sin-
gle attorney for a series of years has largely
exceeded the whole salary of the Attorney Gen-
eral. As an example of this I submit the fol-
lowing statement of fees and expenses paid :
Year, To whom. Employed by— Amount.
1861... W. M. Evarts.,.Attorney General $1,250 00
1863... W. M. Evarts...Attorney General  2,500 00
1864... W. M. Evarts...State Department  11,845 86
1864... W. M. Evarts...Treasury Department, 7,500 00
1865... W. M. Evarts...Treasury Department, 8,500 00
1867... W. M. Evarts...Treasury Department, 10,5)0 00
1867... W. M. Evarta—Attorney General  5,450 0J
Total $47,545 86
Of this sum for the years 1864, 1865, 1867,
the amount paid was $43,795 86, or an average
of $14,598 62 each year; and this does not in-
| elude fees paid by the State Department in the
! case of the United States vs. JohnH. Surratt,
I tried in Washington in 1867 for the assassin-
! ation of the President.
I The contingent funds of the Departments
! are now Eometimes used to employ counsel.
| And in all the forms and under whatever
authority counsel are employed there is now
no limit on the fees that may be paid, and none
of the sanctions of official authority.
For some time there has been in the Treas-
ury Department a most excellent lawyer in
chargeof what are called the " cotton-claims "
