136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong . ... 2d Sess.
be, then I might be willing to submit that dis-
cretion to him ; I should believe it would be
exercised wisely. But if I had those very attri-
butes I would not accept that discretion. I
would not have it conferred upon me unless
you would make my constituents omniseient
also, so that I could be sure they would ap-
prove of my exercise of it. The exercise of
that very power, in my judgment, will destroy
any minister, will destroy any Administration.
Funding Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BAYARD,
of delaware,
In the United States Senate,
March 7, 1870.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, having
under consideration the hill (S. No.380) to authorize
the funding and consolidation of tho national debt,
to extend banking facilities, and to establish specie
payments—
Mr. BAYARD said :
Mr. President : When this funding bill was
considered in committee I was the only mem-
ber who dissented from that measure. My
reasons for that dissent are very simple and
satisfactory to myself. The chief one may be
summed up in this, that I believe this bill tends
to perpetuate the existence of an unconstitu-
tional currency. This currency has been the
source of so much evil in the country for the
past eight years, is so chiefly the cause of any
present embarrassment respecting the funding
of the debt and the treatment of the finances
of the country, that I am unwilling to give my
assent to any measure that shall tend to con-
tinue it.
Jn the course of this debate I have felt much
regret at finding the minds of Senators con-
templating with satisfaction a system of debt
in this country such as has existed for many
generations in Great Britain. The genius of
the two Governments is totally dissimilar, and
I am unwilling, for one, to bind the credit of
our country under u system of extended suf-
frage, exposed to trials which I think it could
illy bear, and which the credit of Great Britain
would hardly have borne under a state of things
similar to our own.
In the first place, the funded debt of Great
Britain, which has been with some complacency
compared with our own, is not nearly so great
in proportion to the accumulated wealth of the
country as is the debt of the United States,
and pays but three per cent, interest; and yet,
managed with great financial skill, it still presses
like a terrible incubus upon the energies of
that nation, and especially upon her laboring
classes. Yet the debt of Great Britain, for-
tunately for that country, is held by her own
people almost entirely and controlled within
their own country.
Now, the bill reported by the committee
provides for the holding, and I may say in some
sense the perpetuation of our debt, m the hands
of foreigners and aliens, by making its interest
payable at points abroad and in foreign coin.
Sir, such a feature as this should be repugnant
to the pride of the American people. And,
furthermore, it is dangerous to their interests.
It would place our debt, in the hands of foreign-
ers, and we are providing by the bill to retain
it in their hands, so that at any time, when most,
we needed credit, we should be most liable to
hostile influences by having our bonds returned
upon us, at a time when it was most necessary
to us to have them kept away. Anything,
therefore, which tends to create permanently
debts in this country to be held by aliens and
foreigners will meet with my opposition.
Tlie debt of Great Britain is permanent; by
its very formation and system is intended to
be so. I must express my hope that a long
time will not elapse before our own shall be
so placed under such a system of diminution
that each year the people shall feel the burden
growing lighter, and each year the credit of the
Government shall advance. To this end the
present recklessness of public expenditures
must be replaced by a system of rigid frugality,
and our present unjust system of duties upon
imports thoroughly reformed.
1 cannot with any patience contemplate the
fact of the laboring classes in this country
being reduced to the condition of those of
Europe. To the laboring man of England—
for the debt of that nation has been made the
point of comparison with ours—what hope is
there for rest or comfort in the declining years
of his life? The poor-house fills the vista
through which he must look forward, almost
without hope of any other termination of his
life-long labors. It has not so far been tho
case in this country—God grant it never may—
for a home and homestead has been and is now
a reasonable hope as the result of a life of
industry and integrity in the United States of
America to any man who so chooses to con-
duct his life.
Sir, it is with thoughts like these that I have
felt such horror and repugnance at the vast
land grants by the present Congress to the
giant railroad corporations created in the great
West; when I see these vast principalities
of land voted heedlessly and recklessly away
by the American Congress from their people
that I feel alarmed, J t was the patrimony not
only of our population of the present day, but
of the generations who are to succeed them.
It has been bestowed under the name of enter-
prise and to assist enterprises, in violation of
those earlier lessons oflaw that certainly should
influence us. It has been vested in these cor-
porations in mortmain, for they and their suc-
cessors, unlike natural bodies, cannot die and
have that subdivision of estates, that ending
of interests which the close of human life
brings to all individual tenures; but they are
locked up through all time in the dead hand
of a corporation.
Now, Mr. President, this enormous debt of
more than twenty five hundred million dollars,
as it appears on the books of the Treasury, and
excluding all war liabilities, is a terrible fact at
this time in our country. I do not propose to
go back into the past to stir up the ashes of by-
gone controversies, to rekindle the embers of
political difference; but I think it just and right
that wo should inquire into the past so far as
to enable us to learn from its teachings wisdom
in the present and m the future.
What is the chief cause of the vastness of this
debt? It was not only that, like most great war
debts, there was great peculation, fraud, and
waste attending its creation; not only robbery
under the cloak of " loyalty," (that most mys-
terious word, that many-colored garment of
political favoritism,) but it was chiefly because,
departing from all our traditions, from the
principles of finance stamped indelibly upon
our written Constitution, in spite of the warn-
ings of every generation of our statesmen from
the formation of our Government until the
present time, the Republican majority of Con-
gress in 1862 resorted to issues of paper money
to sustain public credit. They created a money
of credit which had no intrinsic value. It was
a " blunder" in finance, which, as the witty
Frenchman said, was "worse than a crime."
It has debauched our whole people. It did
more to place the laboring masses of this coun-
try in the hands of capitalists than all your
other measures combined. It unsettled values
by destroying the only standard of value. You
might as well have repealed all laws for the
regulation of weights and measures. It placed
a strip of India-rubber in lieu of the yard-stick,
and j ugglers' bottles in place of fixed measures
or quantities.
This was done not without debate, or heed-
lessly. The evils of this system had all been
foretold. But party power was dearer to the
majority of that Congress than public faith.
The founders of our Government had suffered
bitterly from the use of paper money. The
system had proved its falsehood and its perfect
worthlessness in our war of independence. If
any man doubts this let him read the debates
of the Convention which framed the Federal
Constitution and these doubts must be all re-
moved, and the lessons so taught us by the
sages of 1787 had been repeated by our wisest
and best men in every generation since.
It has been owing to the disregard of the
lessons and warnings, and by direct, flagrant
violation by the Republican party of the pro-
visions of the Federal Constitution, that our
.peoplegroan to-day under at least $900,000,000
of the present debt; and this is a moderate
estimate of the cost to us of the paper money
issues. The most reasonable and reliable esti-
mate I have yet seen places sixty-six and two
third cents on the dollar as the average sum
received for our present Federal securities.
Sir, it will not be unwise at this time and in
view of the plain facts before us, which we
must confront, that we should recur to some
of those teachings. For that purpose I ask
the Clerk to read from the remarks of Mr.
Webster made upon our currency in 1816, and
also a subsequent speech made by him upon
the subject of the Bank of the United States.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"It is our business to foresee this danger, and to
avoid it. There are some political evils which are
seen as soon as they are dangerous, and which alarm
at once as well the people as the Government. Wars
and invasions, therefore, are not always the most
cortain destroyers of national prosperity. They
come in no questionable shape. They announce their
own approach, and the general security is preserved
by the general alarm. Not so with the evils of a
debased coin, a depreciated paper currency, or a
depressed and falling public credit. Not so with the
plausible and insiduous mischiefs of a paper money
system. These insinuate themselves m the shape of
facilities, accommodation, and relief. They hold out
the most fallacious hope of an easy payment of
debts and a lighter burden of taxation. It is easy
for a portion of the people to imagine that Govern-
ment may properly continue to receive depreciated
paper because they have received it, and because it
is more conveniont to obtain it than to obtain other
paper or specie. Bat on theso subjects it is that Gov-
ernment ought to exercise its own peculiar wisdom
and caution. It is supposed to possess on subjects of
this nature snmewliat more ol foresight than has
fallen to the lot of individuals. It is bound to fore-
see the evil before every man feels it, and to take all
necessary measures to guard against it, although
they may be measures attended with some difficulty
and not without temporary inconvenience. In my
humble judgment the evil demands the immediate
attention ot Congress. It is not certain, and in my
opinion not probable, that it will ever cure itself.
It is more likely to grow by indulgence; while the
remedy, which must in the end be applied, will be-
come less efficacious by delay."— Works of Webster,
vol.3, p. 53.
"First, as to tho currency of the country. This is
at all times a most important political object. A
sound currency is an essential and indispensable
security for the fruits of industry and honest enter-
prise. Every man of property or industry, every
man who desires to preserve what he honestly pos-
sesses or to obtain what he can honestly earn, has a
direct interest in maintaining a safe circulating me-
dium; such a medium as shall bo areal and substan-
tial representative of property; not liable to vibrate
with opinions, not subject to be blown up or blown
down by the breath of speculation, bat made stable
and secure by its immediate relation to that which
the whole world regards as of a permanent valuo. A
disordered currency is one of the greatest of political
evils. It undermines the virtues nocessary for the
support of the social system and encourages propen-
sities destructive of its happiness. It wars against
industry, frugality, and economy; and it fosters the
evil spirits ot extravagance and speculation. 01 all
tho contrivances forcheating the laboring classes oi
mankind liono has been more effectual than that
which deludes them with paper money. This is the
most effectual of inventions to fertilize the rich man's
held by the sweat of the poor man's brow. Ordinary
tyranny, oppression, excessive taxation, these bear
lightly oil the happiness of the mass of the commu-
nity compared with a. iraudulent currency and tho
robberies committed by a depreciated paper. Our
own history has recorded for our instruction enough
and more than enough of the demoralizing tendency,
the injustice, and the intolerable oppression on t'ie
virtuous and well-disposed of a degraded paper cur-
