4926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island claim the floor
upon this amendment ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do. There are a million
dozen corsets imported into this country. It is
an article of very great traffic. It has become
so within the last ten or fifteen years. It was
net known to the tariff of the olden time.
There have been various attempts in this coun-
try to establish this interest, and a machine
of great mechanical skill has been brought
to bear to effect the manufacture, so that
the prices, which are now very large, may be
reduced.
There are suits pending in the com-ta involv-
ing a very large number of importers in New
York who have introduced this article of cor-
sets at a valuation perhaps of one half, so far as
I am able to judge, of their actual cost in Ger-
many. The Government, by the operations
of that undervaluation, are able to secure but
very little income from this source, and all
attempts on the part of American producers
to commence the manufacture of this article
are destroyed. The Government, therefore,
will derive no revenue from it, and there will
be no attemptonthe part of Americans to con-
tinue the manufacture, and the money that has
already been invested must be lost.
Since the statements that were made to the
committee on this subject, and which induced
them to offer this amendment, those interested
in the importation of this article have made
their appearance undoubtedly and have given
their side of the question, it is not remark-
able, inasmuch as they have more wealth and
more capital invented in this business than
there is in almost any other branch of busi-
ness, that they should be able to represent
their case much more strongly than the weak
interest that asks to be protected. The pro-
tection asked for is not intended at all to in-
crease the, duty. This clause is simply pro-
posed to secure an honest collection of the
duties, and to prevent undervaluation. The
present duty is thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The proposition before the Senate is that there
shall be a specific duty of three dollars per
dozen on-corsets valued at ten dollars per dozen
or less, and on all valued above that thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
The actual appraised cost of the corsets
imported into this country is SjS4 80 per dozen,
whereas I have before me letters in every
form, and a list of the prices that the con-
sumers are obliged to pay for them in this
country, the lowest of which is $6 25, and the
highest $60.
1 say to the Senator from Ohio that he is
certainly mistaken, and the Committee on
Finance are certainly mistaken in the opinion
. to which they have come on this subject. The
fiicts are that those interested in the import-
ation of these corsets are very few and very
rich. The business is in the hands of a pecu-
liar character of people, who do not scruple
so much as other men as to the valuation and
prices which they place upon their goods. I
have no interest whatever in this matter my-
self, except this: I see that in the import-
ation of these goods the revenue is defrauded,
as is shown by the suits pending in your courts
and the frauds that have been discovered ;
and I desire this simple corrective to be
applied, which will give the Government the
revenue which was designed by the law, and in
that way give a chance to these skillful but
weak and small manufacturers to obtain a foot-
ing in the presence of this monopoly.
I hope that the Committee on Finance will
not insist on withdrawing this amendment,
but will allow the amendment to be adopted.
It is not designed to increase the duties, but
is simply a correction in the law, so that the
duties shall be levied as it was intended they
should be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ate that upon the statements made by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island the committee in-
serted this clause and struck it out afterward,
nut because they were opposed to it, but be-
cause it seemed to be rather a small matter to
introduce into a measure of this kind intended
to be confiued to a few leading objects. I
have not the slightest objection to the amend-
ment as it stands.
It would seem to me rather hard, though,
that on a certain class of these corsets which
are only worth five or six dollars a dozen we
should levy a dutv of three dollars -a dozen.
That is a tax of fifty or sixty per cent. "Still,
1 have no objection at all to taking the sense
of the Senate on the proposition. Itisasmall
matter. The only reason why the committee
withdrew the amendment was because it whs
the introduction of a minor subject in this bill.
I am perfectly willing and prefer that the Senate
should take a vote upon it.
Mr. FBNTON. 1 simply desire to remark
that I hardly think the subject was well consid-
ered by the committee in proposing this amend-
ment to the bill. It may be, however, that
some higher and specific duty ought to be im-
posed upon this class of manufactured goods.
I suggest that the amendment receive the
assent of the Senate, in the hope that a com-
mittee of conference, if need be, will make
such corrections in the scale of duty as may
be, upon further inquiry, deemed important to
meet this particular case. I see no objection
to the adoption of the amendment in that view.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope this amend-
ment will not be withdrawn or stricken out.
There is a large amount of these goods im-
ported into New York, and as I understand
the consignees are partners in the manufac-
ture in Germany, therefore it makes but very
little difference as to the price at which they
are invoiced. The consequence is that they
are invoiced very low, and unless you put a
specific duty upon them the probability is that
the revenue will be in a measure defrauded.
I therefore like that feature in the amendment
which places a specific duty on these articles.
I think it is necessary for another reason
also. A few men have started the manufac-
ture of these goods in this country. They
claim that they cannot continue the manu-
facture unless they can have a duty upon them
which will correspond with the value of the
goods; and if they are invoiced below a fair
price, as they may be when they pass from
the hands of one owner to another, they lose
the protection which they ought to have as
manufacturers. So that in either point of
view, that which relates to the protection of
infant manufactures or that which relates to rev-
enue, I hope the amendment will be retained.
Mr. CORBETT. I agree with the Senator
from Rhode Island and the Senator from Con-
necticut that it is the custom of importers to
have partners in New York, and then invoice
their goods at much less than they really cost
abroad. Where there is a duty of thirty-five
per cent., as in this case, they can easily
invoice corsets that, are worth six dollars a
dozen at two dollars a dozen, and thereby
evade the just tax upon them. But if you levy
a tax of so much per dozen on these corsets
you thereby get the revenue you desire and
prevent fraud. My own impression is that
this amendment will save a large amount of
revenue to the Government. I hope that it
will not be withdrawn or stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does any
Senator object to the withdrawal of the amend-
ment?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not withdraw it.
Senators desire to vote upon it, and let us
have a vote upon it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on agreeing to the amendment
of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the next amendment.
The Chief Glebe. The next amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance is to
insert after line one hundred and fit;y-eight
of section forty-se(ven of the House b'ill, "On
eyelets of every description, six cents per-thou-
sand."
The amendment was agreed to. ' ;
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted, "On ultramarine,
six cents per pound/'
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether that arti-
cle of ultramarine will not bear a higher rate
of duty than the committee have reported?
Up to a recent date we had no manufactures of
ultramarine in this country. It was not known
until comparatively recent times that- the mate-
rial could be found in this country for making
it. Some factories for the making of this arti-
cle were started iu this country, but the only
one of them that has been able to stand up
against foreign competition thus far is situated
in my own State, about twenty miles from the
city of St. Louis. The proprietors of that fac-
tory-have sought to get such protection for
their manufacture as would enable them to
compete against the article imported from
Europe. They do not consider that the six
cents per pound that the Committee on Finance
have reported is a sufficient protection. I would
be very glad if it were the opinion of tlio
Finance Committee to allow a little more than
six cents a pound. 1 ask the chairman of that
committee whether the committee would not
be willing to allow eight cents per pound in
favor of this struggling, new branch of Amer-
ican manufacture?
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is that we
have endeavored in the few amendments we
have proposed to substitute specific duties for
ad valorem, without a material increase of
rates. I think ultramarine was about fixed at
the rate insisted on by the persons interested,
or, at any rate, at what we thought was suffi-
cient. The present duty is ad valorem, and we
made it specific. I think the Senator had
bettor let it stand.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish, of course, to
antagonize my opinions and views on this sub-
ject with those of the committee; but I do not
perceive how the increased rate which I would
ask for can in any wise interfere with any
arrangements of the committee or do injustice
to anybody.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. IftheSenator
from Missouri will permit me, I will tell him
what the facts in the case are, and he will see
that this manufacture is fully protected, and
as much as his folks, I presume, would desire.
The present duty is twenty-five percent. We
sent to the Treasury and ascertained the price
the article is imported at, and thelowestqual-
ity is imported at- fourpeuce a pound, some at
sevenpence, and some at a shilling. On the
very lowest quality this duty is higher than the
present rate; on the very highest quality it is
but a little lower; but as a whole, and on the
class manufactured in Missouri, this is a slight
increase, and is specific in this form as fixed
by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DRAKE. I feel bound, tinder the cir-
cumstances, to move to increase the rate from
six cents to eight cents.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, this is just
one of _ the specimens of selecting articles for
favoritism. At present this ultramarine, which
is an artificial substance used in dyeing and
in coloring papers as well as cloths, is pro-
tected by a duty of twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem, ihe committee s amendment has
increased thai to something nearer seventy live
P,®r cent, ad valorem. The cost of making
tnis article has by chemical ingenuity been so
greatly reduced that it can now be imported
here for eight or teu cents average value. The
committee have advanced this duty against my
