3982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
And for every additional hundred dollars, or frac-
tional part thereof, inexcossof$100, two cents.. .,..2
Bill of lading or receipt (other than charter-party)
for any goods, merchandise, or effects, to be ex-
ported from a port or place in the United States
to any foreign port or place, ten cents 10
Bill of sale, by which any ship or vessel, or any
part thereof, shall be conveyed to or vested in any
other person or persons, when the consideration
s%ll not exceed $500, fifty cents 50
Exceeding $500, and not exceeding $1,000, one dol-
lar     $1
Exceeding $1,000, for every additional amount of
$500, or fractional part thereof, fifty cents 50
Bond— For indemnifying any person for the pay-
ment of any sum of money,where the penal sum is
&1,000 or less, fifty cents 50
Where thepenal sum exceeds $1,000, for every addi-
tional $1,000, or fractional part thereof, in cxcess
of $1,000, fifty cents 50
Bond for the due execution or performance of the
duties of any office, one dollar $1
Bond of any description, other than such as may be
require^ in legal proceedings, or used in connec-
tion with mortgage deeds, and not otherwise
charged in this schedule, twenty-five cents 25
Certificate of stock in any incorporated company,
twenty-five cents 25
Certificate of profits or any certificate or memo-
randum showing an interest in the property or
accumulations of any incorporated company, if
for a sum not less than ten and not exceeding
fifty dollars, ten cents 10
Exceeding fifty dollars and not exceeding $1,000.
twenty-five cents   25
Exceeding $1,000. for every additional SI,000 or frac-
tional part thereof, twenty-five cents 25
Certificate.—Any certificate of damage or otherwise,
and all other certificates or documents issued by
any port-warden, marine purveyor, or other person
acting as such, twenty-five cents 25
Certificate of deposit of any sum of money in any
bank or trust company or with any banker or per-
son acting as such, if for a sum not exceeding §100,
two cents 2
For a sum exceeding $100, five cents 5
Certificato*of any other description than those speci-
fied, five cents 5
Provided, That nost&mp duty ghall bo required on
any certificate or receiptgivcn for goods rcccivcd
by any pawnbroker when tho money advanced
on said gbods does not exccod one dollar.
Charter Party.—Contractor agreement for the charter
of any ship or vessel or steamer, or any letter,
memorandum, or other writing between tho cap-
tain, master, or owner, or person acting as agent
of any ship or vessel or steamer, and any other per-
son or persons, for or relating to the charter of such
ship or vessel or steamer, or any renewal or trans-
fer thereof, if the registered tonnago of such ship
or vessel or steamer docs not exceed one hundred
and fifty tons, one dollar $1
Exceeding one hundred and fifty tons and not exceed-
ing throe hundred tons, three dollars $3
Exceeding threo hundred tons and not exceeding six
hundred tons, five dollars 
Exceeding six hundred tons, ten dollars, $10
Contract.'-Broker's note of memorandum of sale of
any goods or merchandise, roal estato, or prop-
erty of any kind or description, issued by brokers
or persons acting as such, far each note or memo-
randum of sale, ten conts 10
Bill or memorandum of thb sale or contract for the
sale of stocks, bonds, gold or silver bullion, coin,
promissory notes, or other securities, shall pay a
stamp tax at the rate provided in this act.
Conveyance,—Deed, instrument, or writing, where-
by any lands, tenements, or other realty sold shall
be granted, assigned, transferred, or otherwise con-
veyed to or vested in the purchaser or purchasers,
or any other person or persons, by his, her, or their
direction, when tho consideration or value does
not excecd #500, fifty cents 50
When the consideration exceeds #500, and does not
exceed $1,000, one dollar $1
And for every additional &500, or fractional part
thereof, in excess of $1,000, fifty cents 50
Entry of any goods, wares, or merchandise at any
custom-house, either for consumption or ware-
housing not exceeding S100 in value, twenty-five
cents  25
Exceeding $100 and not exceeding $500 in value'fifty
cents    50
Exceeding $300 in value, one dollar.....,.......'...!]"... £1
Entry far the withdrawal of any goods or mer-
chandise from bonded warehouses, fifty cents 50
Insurance, (life,) policy of insurance, or other in-
strument, by whatever name the same shall bo
called, whereby any insurance shall be made upon
any life or lives—
When the amount insured shall not excecd $1,000
twenty-five cents  25
Exceeding $1,000 and not exceeding $5,000, "fifty
cents  
Exceeding $5,000 one dollar 1 00
Insurance, (marine, inland, and fire.) Each policy
of insurance or other instrument, by whatever
name the samcshall be called, by which insurance
shall be made or renewed upon property of any
description, whether against perils by the sea or by
fire or other peril of any kind, made by any insur-
ance company or its agents, or by any other com-
pany or person, the premium upon which does not
^exceed ten dollars, ten cents 10
Exceeding ten and not exceeding fifty dollars,
twenty-five cents     25
Exceeding fifty dollars, fifty cents... 50
Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract for the
hire, use, or rent of any land, tenement, or portion
thereof, where the rent or rental value is .$300 per
annum or less, fifty cents 50
Where the rent or rental value exceeds the sum of
$300 per annum, for each additional $100, or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of $300, fifty cents 50.
And when executed in duplicate the stamp shall be
required only on tho instrument held by the lessee.
Manifest for custom-house entry or clearance of the
cargo of any ship, vessel, or steamer for a foreign
port—
If the registered tonnage of such ship, vessel, or
steamer does not exceed three hundred tons, one
dollar 1 00
Exceeding three hundred tons and not exceeding six
hundred tons, three dollars 3 00
Exceeding six hundred tons, five dollars 5 00
Mortgage of lands, estate, or property, real or per-
sonal, heritable or movable, whatsoever, where the
same shall be made a-s a security for the payment
of any definite and certain sum of money lent at
the time or previously due and owing or forborne
to be paid, being payable; also any conveyance of
any lands, estate, or property whatsoever, in trust
to be sold or otherwise converted into money, which
shall be intended only as security, and shall be
redeemable before the saleor otherdisposal there-
of, either by express stipulation or otherwise; or
any personal bond given as security for the payment
of any definite or certain sum of money exceeding
$100 and not exceeding $500, fifty cents 50
Exceeding $500 and not exceeding $1,000, one dol-
lar 1 00
And tor every additional $500, or fractional part
thereof, in excess of $1,000, except an assignment
or transfer to a trustee as a successor to one resign-
ing the trust, fifty cents 50
Upon every assignment or transfer of,a mortgage,
twenty-five cents 25
Provided* That upon each and every assignment
or transfer of a policy of insurance, or the renewal or
continuanco of any agreement, contract, or charter
by letter or otherwise, a stamp duty shall be required
and paid equal to that imposed on the original instru-
ment: And provided further, That upon each or every
os&ignment of any lease a stamp duty shall be re-
quired and paid equal to that imposed on theoriginal
instrument, increased by a stamp duty on the con-
sideration or value of the assignment equal to that
imposed upon the conveyance of land for similar
consideration of value.
Passage tickets, by any vessel from a port in tho
United States to a foreign port, not exceeding
thirty-five dollars, fifty cents 50
Exceeding thirty-five dollars, and not exceeding fifty
dollars, one dollar   1 00
And for every additional fifty dollars, or fractional
part thereof in cxcess of fifty dollars, one dol-
lar ; 1 00
Power o£ attorney for the sale or transfer of any
stock, bonds, or scrip, or far the collection of
any dividends or interest thereon, twenty-five
cents 25
Power of attorney or proxy for voting at any election
for officers of any incorporated company orsociety,
except religious, charitable, or literary societies,
or public eemctcrics, ten cents 10
Power of attorney to receive or collect rent, twenty-
five cents 25
Power of attorney to sell and convey real estate, or
to rent or lease the same, one dollar 1 00
Power of attorney for any other purpose, fifty
cents   50
Probate of will, or letters of administration, where
the estate and effects for or in respcctof which such
probato or letters of administration applied for
shall be sworn or declared not to exceed the value
of $2,000, ono dollar 1 00
Exceeding $2,000, for every additional $1,000, or frac-
tional part thereof, in exccss of $2,000, fifty
cents  
Provided, That no stamp, cither for probate of
wills, or letters testamentary or of administration,
or an administrator or guardian bond, shall be re-
quired when the value of the estate and effects, real
and personal, does not exceed $1,000: Provided fur-
ther, That no stamp tax shall be required upon any
papers necessary to be used for the collection from
the Government of claims by soldiers or their legal
representatives of the United States, for pensions,
back pay, bounty, or for property lost in the
service.
Protest—Upon tho protest of every note, bill of
exchange, acceptance, check, or draft, or any ma-
rine protest, whether protested by a notary public
or by any other officer who may be authorized by
the laws of any State or States to make such pro-
test, twenty-five cents 25
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move, on page 48, lines
fourteen and fifteen, to strike out the words,
"and canceled in the manner and form pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue." That is provided for in the next section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I offer also the following
amendment:
On page 53, line one hundred and thirty-six, after
the word consideration" insert the words "or
value," so that it will read: "when the considera-
value exceods $500 and does not exceed
$1,000, one dollar.'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to strike out the
following paragraph, on page 48:
Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of
any sum of money whatsoever, drawn upon any
bank, banker, or trust company; and for any sum
exceeding ten dollars drawn upon any other person
or persons, companies, or corporations, at sight or
on demand, two cents.
Mr. PETERS. Before the question is taken
on striking out the paragraph I move to amend
it by striking out the words "and for any
sum exceeding ten dollars, drawn upon any
other person or persons, companies, or cor-
porations, at sight or on demand.'' I wish
to say a word in support of that amendment.
It seems to me that the stamp tax imposed
by the words I propose to strike out ought
to be removed along with the stamp of two
cents on all receipts. If my amendment shall
be adopted it will leave two cents on all bank
checks, drafts, or orders drawn upon any bank,
banker, or trust company. That is, all com-
mercial people will pay the two cents on their
checks and drafts. They know how to do it.
It is usual for them to do it, and they are in
readiness to do it. But when you require a
stamp upon checks, orders, &c., for any sum
exceeding ten dollars drawn upon any other
person or persons, companies, or corporations
at sight, or on demand, it tal$;es in the great
class of small dealers, farmers, laborers, who
draw in a thousand and one ways. I believe
from all my practice and observation that the
great majority of such orders never geta stamp
upon them. A man goes into tho woods and
sends down an order to his family for something
based on the wages of his labor. It is a little
matter, something entirely outside of orders
on banks and banking companies, and it is a
terrible nuisance and a sore thing to require a
stamp on such a transaction. It would relie,re
a great many persons if you do away with this
little annoying tax. I hope, therefore, my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Is it in order for me to
move to amend the clause proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman "from Maine
by striking out " ten dollars" and inserting
"$100?"
The SPEAKER. That would be in order.
Mr. WELKER. Then I offer that amend-
ment, and desire to say one word in relation
to it. I do not think that we ought to strike
out this whole paragraph. But I agree with
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] that
the stamp tax on the class of paper represent-
ing the^small transactions to which he has re-
ferred is a very annoying tax to our people,
and I would be glad to get rid of the whole
of it as he proposes. I think, however, that
by doing this we would strike out too much of
the revenue which we propose to obtain by our
internal revenue laws. And I think our people
will be well enough satisfied if we allow all
such orders, checks, &c., for sums under one
hundred dollars to be exempted from this
stamp. That is the object aimed at by my
amendment, and I trust it will be adopted.
Mr. iOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, I agree
with the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pktkus]
that this is a nuisancft, a terrible nuisance, out
in the country. More than one half of the
deposits in the banks throughout the United
States are owned by people living in the coun-
try, and checks are being constantly drawn by
people in the country living at a distance from
the towns where banks are situated. Fre-
quently they have no stamps and no means of
getting any, and if they draw their money on
checks without putting a stamp on them they
are liable to a penalty for so doing. They are,
therefore, subject to much inconvenience, as
great an inconvenience to them as the incon-
venience to individuals who have heretofore
been required to put a stamp on receipts.
I hope the whole paragraph will be stricken
out; for I know from practical experience, and
from the constant complaints of individuals
living in country places, that this thing is a
