18*0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
41st Cohg....2d Sess.
Funding Bill—Mr. Bayard,
Senate.
rency authorized by law or in any way countenanced
by Government.
"We all know, sir. that the establishment of a
sound and uniform currency was one of the great
ends contemplated in the adoption of the present
Constitution. If wo could now fully explore all the
motives of those who framed and those who sup-
ported that Constitution, perhaps we should hardly
find a more powerful one than this. The object,
indeed, is sufficiently prominent on the face of the
Constitution itself. It cannot well be questioned
that it was intended by that Constitution to submit
the whole subject of the currency of the country, all
that regards the actual medium of payment and
exchange, whatever that should be, to the control
and legislation of Congress. Congress can alone coin
money; Congress can alone fix the value of foreign
coins. No State can coin money; no State can fix
the values of foreign coins; no State (nor even Con-
gress itself) can make anything a tender but gold
and silver in the payment of debts; no State can
emit bills of credit."— Works of Webster* vol. 3, pp.
394 and 395.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the date of that
last speech?
Mr. BAYARD. May 25, 1882, on the bill
for renewing the charter of the Bank of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I wish to say to my
honorable friend is this: the speeches of Mr.
Webster ou that subject related solely to the
State bank paper; and those speeches were
both, if I understand it, in advocacy of a bank
of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Not at all, sir. I will draw
my honorable friend's attention to the fact that
Mr. Webster in this speech declares that no
State, and not even Congress itself, can make
anything a tender but gold and silver in the
payment of debts. It was not said in reference
to State banks. He was arguing the constitu-
tionality of the Bank of the United States; and
we have the authority of his great name for
that which I think we had plainly enough
before impressed, as I have said, indelibly upon
the features of our written charter of govern-
ment.
Sir, we have heard the wise utterances of
the great statesman of New England; and
when the Republican majorities m Congress
in 1862 sinned in adopting this vicious system
of finance it was with their eyes wide open.
Gentlemen among the ablest, the mostrespected
of their party warned them in tones not less pos-
itive than those of Mr. Webster which i have
just caused to be read. Mr. Collamer, of Ver-
mont, that clear-minded and nigst respectable
statesman, whose name carries with it weight
wherever it is heard, declared positively when
this legal-tender clause was under considera-
tion in this body that "to him the oath he had
taken to support the Constitution was recorded
in heaven as well as upon earth, and there was
no necessity that in his estimation would just-
ify him in the breach of it. He admitted that
when the Government borrows money it must
givo some evidence of the debt, whether by the
name of Treasury note or some other name is
immaterial j but he denied the power of Con-
gress to make them a tender in payment of debts.
He quoted largely from Story on the Constitu-
tion to show the illegality as well as the inex-
pediency of the measure, and he said it would
be aiding and assisting men who owed debts
to pay those debts with a depreciated paper at
the cost and expense of the creditor. His hon-
est opinion was that the Constitution never
intended to invest Congress with any such
power. He referred to the debates in the Con-
vention that formed the Constitution to show
that the men of that period always entertained
the opinion that the United States could have
nothing else a tender but coin. While they
lived there ^was never such a thing thought of
as attempting to make the evidences of the
debt of the Government a legal tender, let their
form be what they might. lie urged taxation
and the issue of Treasury notes receivable for
public debts, and closed as follows:
" I have no doubt that this country is able to sus-
tain itself in this strife, pecuniarily as well as phys-
ically. I, for one, desire to do that; but I do not
want to do it by saying that now, because the neces-
sity requires money, I will go and stealit or author-
ize anybody else to steal it. I will not say to a man,
'Here is my note for so much, and if I do not pay it
you must steal the amount from the first man you
come to, and givo him this note in payment.' I will
do nothing of that kind."
In the course of the same debate Mr. Fes-
senden, after speaking of forced contributions
from the people of the country, which he justi-
fied under the constitutional power of Con-
gress, said:
'* Thank God, we have not arrived at that! But I
am not certain that it would not bo a more manly
course to meet the matter straight in the face, and
if we are to compel a man to part with his property,
to do it without offering him what may appear to be
security; and yet I am not certain that that would
not be the more manly and praiseworthy course to
pursue. Then, sir, as to this question of necossity,
I wish to ask the gentleman to consider upon what
publio credit is founded ? According to my reading
and ray view of tho case, it has but one loundation,
and that is the confidence of the people in the abil-
ity and integrity of tho Government and its power
and its will to pay. Publio credit has no other found-
ation that I am aware of than that." li: '• *
"Going to tho extent that this bill does, to say
that notes thus issued shall be receivable in pay-
ment of all private obligations, however contracted,
is in its very essenco a wrong, for it compels one man
to take from his neighbor, in payment of a debt, that
which he would not otherwise recieve or bo obliged
to receive, and what is probably not full payinont.
"Again, it encourages bad morals, because if the
currency falls, (as it is supposed it must, else why
defend it by a legal enactment?) what is the result?
It is that every tuan who desires to pay off his debts
at a discount, no matter what tho circumstances
are, is able to avail himself of it against the will
of his neighbor, who honestly contracted to receivo
something better.
"Again, sir, necessarily as a result, in my judg-
ment, it must inflict a stain upon tho national honor.
Wo owe debts abroad yet. Money has been loaned
to this country and to the people of this country in
good faith. Stocks of our private corporations, stocks
of our States and of our cities, are hold and owned
abroad. Wo declare that for the interest on all this
debt, and the principal, if duo, these notes, made a
legal tender by act of Congress, at whatever discount
they shall stand, shall bo receivable. Paymentmust
be enforced, if at all, in the courts of this country;
and tho courts of this country are bound to recog-
nise tho law that wo pass. That result, then, is inev-
itable.
Then further, sir, I find the authority of ray
honorable colleague on this committee, the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] de-
claring in the course of the same debate that
this legal-tender measure was one i i not blessed
by one sound precedent and damned by all."
Again he said, referring to the paper issues
made a legal tender by law:
"If so made, thoy would to tho extent they are
tendered for public dues bo a forced loan; and to
the extent of tho difference between their current
valuo and that of standard coin it would be a breach
of public faith."
He termed it i 4 a question of doubtful con-
stitutionality, because it was an ex post facto
law, immoral, and a breach of the public faith;''
and with all the earnestness he possessed he
protested u against making anything a legal
tender but gold and silver, as calculated to
undermine all confidence in the Republic,
whose reputation should be dearer to states-
man, as well as to soldiers, than life itself."
I shall conclude my citations from the author-
ities of our own day with the remarks made by
the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] who was then a member of the
lower House. He said:
"I propose to assign my reasons briefly for voting
against the attempt by legislation to make paper a
legal tender. The proposition is a now one. No
precedent can be urged in its favor; no suggestion
of the existence of such a power can bo found in the
legislative history of the country; and I submit to
my codeague. as a lawyer, the proposition that this
amounts to affirmative authority of the highest kind
against it. Had such' a power lurked in the Consti-
tution a? construed by those who ordained and admin-
istered it, wo should find it so recorded. The occa-
sion for resorting to it, or at lea^treferringto it, has,
we know, repeatedly arisen; and had such a power
existed, it would have been recognized and acted on.
it is hardly too much to say, therefore, that the uni-
form and universal judgment of statesmen, jurists,
and lawyers has denied the constitutional right of
Congress to make paper a legal tender for debts to
any extent whatever." * - " * *
"But, sir, passing as I seo I must from the consti-
tutional objections to the bill.it seems to me thatits
moral imperfections are equally serious. It will, of
course, proclaim throughout the country a saturnalia
of fraud, a carnival for rogues. Every agent, attor-
ney, treasurer, trustee, guardian, executor, admin-
istrator, consignee, commission merchant, and every
debtor of a fiduciary character who has received for
others nioney, hard money, worth a hundred cents in
the dollar, will forever release himself from liabil-
ity by .buying up for that knavish purpose, at its
depreciated value, the spurious currency which we
shall have put afloat. Everybody will do it except
those who are more honest than the American Con-
gress advises them to be. Think of savings-banks
intrusted with enormous aggregates of tho pittances
ot tho poor, the hungry, and tho homeless, the
stranger, the needle-woman, the widow, and the or-
phan, and wo are arranging for a robbery of ton, if
not of fifty, per cent, of tho entiro amount."
"The whole scheme presupposes that thenotesto
bo emitted will bo lepers in tho commercial -world
from the hour tliey are brought into it, that they
will bo shunned andcondemnod by tho lawsoftrado
and value. If this is not to be their fato, what is tho
sonso, as was said in the Federal Constitutional Con-
vention, in attempting to legislate their value up?
Now, sir, I do not believe that you can legislate up
tho value of a thing any moro than you can mako
generals heroes by legislation."
I have referred to these liigh authorities for
the purpose of showing that this act of the
.Republican party was committed with its eyes
wide open and with a fair warning from its
ablest and best members. Of course the Dem-
ocrats, as a fiartv, voted against that measure.
They had their usual guide. It was a measure
even termed by Republican statesmen "of
doubtful constitutionalitybut in the humbler
and more certain faith and subordination of
the Democrats they found it was a power not
granted by the Constitution, and that was for
them conclusive reason against attempting to
exercise it.
After this law had passed, and it came up
before the courts of the country, there have
been decisions upon the subject of its consti-
tutionality, some affirming it in a manner that
seems to us now, by the light of late decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
simply absurd. There was one, however, made
in 1883 by Judge Sharswood, of Pennsylvania,
at present a member of the supreme court of
that State, which must always, in my opinion,
shed luster upon his name and abilities. He
delivered inl8G8, in the case of Borieus. Trott,
a dissenting opinion, it is true, but an opinion
affirming what up to that time had been believed
to be the law of the land in regard to the uncon-
stitutionality of tho act of Congress making
paper a legal tender for the payment of debts.
That decision was as perfect in its clear, con-
cise reasoning as a mathematical demonstra-
tion ; and I rejoice that the conclusions of
Judge Sharswood in 1803 have been concurred
in by the Supreme Court of the United States
in 1870.
This lias been called a war measure, a meas-
ure of necessity. Sir, the best minds of the
Republican party did not believeso at the time
it was passed; and can we think so now?
Who can doubt that a people who in a time
of profound peace have paid an annual taxa-
tion of $500,000,000 could satisfactorily have
adjusted even such a debt as ours by paying
largely as they went, by judicious loans and
equivalent taxation? Why, sir, here in the
year of grace 18C9 we are told by the honor-
able chairman of this Committee on Finance
that the receipts of this Government from ous-
toms, internal revenne, and other sources,
have been nearly four hundred million dollars.
But the truth was, Mr. President, that if taxa-
tion proportionate to the demands upon the
Treasury had been exacted at that time there
might have been unpopularity following. Even
the direct tax imposed by a law of 1861 to the
amount of $20,000,000 was felt to be so dis-
tasteful to the people that the Republican
party, rather than risk their popularity and
their chance of losing power, deferred the
collection even of that comparatively small
amount from 18G2 to 1865, and then let the
act die altogether. Rather than lose power at
that time constitutional limitations wore all
