1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2095
OREGON BRANCH, PACIFIC ltAir,Ii.OAI>.
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1590) to aid in the construction of the Oregon
branch, Pacific railroad; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
r.AND DISTRICT IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (II. It. No.
J591) to create an additional land district in
the State of Nebraska; which wag read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
WAGON-ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. 11. No.
1592) granting land to aid in the construction
of wagon-roads in theTerritory of New Mexico ;
v/hich was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to bo printed.
SURVEYS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (II. II.
No. 1593) to expedite the survey of certain
lands: which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered (o bo printed.
OIII)ICR OK JiUSINHSS.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Tenitorics for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
next business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories, beginning with
tho State of Illinois, for the introduction of
resolutions.
SOI.DIKHS AND SAILORS 01' 1812.
Mr. IIAWLBY introduced a joint resolu-
lution (II. II. No. 20-1) relating to oblainin;;
statistics of" surviving soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time.
Tho joint resolution proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to include in the in-
structions to tho United States marshals for
taking tho census during the present year
directions to obtain the following statistics
respecting tho surviving officers, soldiers,_ and
sailors of the war of 1812,and tho surviving
widows of deceased otliccrs, soldiers, and sail-
ors of that war: the name and age of each
surviving ollicer, soldier, or sailor : the name
of the deceased officer, soldier, or sailor whose
widow survives; the date of enlistment and
length of service, with name of company and
regiment or vessel in which service was ren-
dered, as nearly as may be, of each officer,
soldier, or sailor, and of each deceased otiieer,
soldier, or sailor whoso widow survives; what
pension, if any, the surviving officer, soldier,
or sailor, or his widow, is receiving.
Mr. HAWLKY. I demand the previous
(juostion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time: and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays
on tho passage of tho resolution.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. UARFfELD, of Ohio. I ask my friend
from Illinois to withdraw this proposition until
we take up the census bill, which will probably
come tip during to-day.
The SPEAKEll. No debate is in order.
On'the passage of the joint resolution there
were—ayes 52, noes 40; no tjuoium voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers : and appointed Mr. Hawley, and Mr.
Garfield of Ohio.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—aves eighty-six, noes not counted.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. WILLAIlD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed :
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SINKING FUND.
Mr. CREBS submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
is hereby, directed to furnish to this House, at as early
a day as practicable, a statement showing the amount
and description of bonds purchased by him since the
1st dny of July. 1869, on account of the sinking fund ;
and atso at wtmt dates and at what prices tho same
wore puichased: and :;lso what amount and what
description of boiuU have been purcha&ed ill addi-
tion oil ac-countofthe liquidation of the public debt
since the date aforesaid, and at what prices tho same
were purchased.
The previous question wassecorded and the
main question ordered ; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CREBS moved to rcconsidcrthe vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider he laid on
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RANK CICCCI, VflON.
Mr. BLTHCllAllD submitted the following
resolution, on which hedcuiandedtheprevious
question :
ItcHotved, 'I'llat tho hubiiieys iiitercst-J of tho south-
ern and western (States iui perat ivcty xeiiuirc a greater
amount of circulating currency to bo Hued iu tho.^e
.States; that a distribution of nation it bunking cir-
culation by which three fourthsoi the entire amount
is issued to associations in States having in the ok-
grcuato less than ono third of tho population of tho
Union is partial a.nd unjust, and should be remedied
by a redistribution,or allowing an iui'ica-.o of exist-
ing bank ci rent alion in States arid Torritonos havm;,'
loss than their duo share, so that each part, of tho
Union can secure its just proportion.
Mr. SUIIENCK. 1 hope the resolution will
be referred to the Committee on Hanking and
Currency.
Tim House divided; and there were—ayes
15. noes-I i; no quorum voting.
'flie SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. BinicilAUD and Mr.
Sl'IIIONCK.
Mr. VAN THUMP. I rise to a parliament-
ary question. Is that resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. 'The (lliuir is of the opin-
ion that, the resolution is divisible.
The House again divided: and the tollers
reported— ayes 59, noes (i!i.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. SOIUONCK. I move thai the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
'flie motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUUENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
'l'he latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL KKVliN'VK IJ A I,\NC tS.
ilr. Cl'LLOM submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
7ic«aiw(l, That tho Secretary of the Trea^uiy he,
and ho is hereby, directed to furnish tins IIoum; a
Mnlement, of the balance due from colteetois ot in-
fernal levenue who are not now in otlioe as such
balances appear on books ot' tho acounting otTieeiv
of his Department on t ho-iOchd;i> of June, LSG'J: and
that tie also infirm thi* Uonse how mauv and "utiat
amount of s-uch balances have been paid since the
sot h day of -t ime, LS'j'.), stating the names ot' the per-
M>ns from ivhomsuch balances arc due and tile names
of the persons who have paid tho balances against,
them since tho commencement of the present iiscal
ycai.
Mr. BROOKS, of New Yotk. Why not
include those now in oiUce?
Mr. CULLOM. fhere is no necessity for
doing it.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
I'.l, noes ;>!•; no quorum voting.
'The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Cuia.OM, and Mr.
Bnooics of New York.
l'he House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes (it).
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EREEDJIEN'S SAVINGS AND.TRUST COMPANY.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1595) to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and Irust
Company," approved March 3, 1865; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
.MEMORIAL CERI55IONIES AT SOLDIERS' GRAVES.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Republic, for the use of said organization of the
stereotype plates used in the publication or the book
entitled Memorial Ceremonies at the Graves of our
Soldiers," which were delivered to kim by 1 rank
Moore, and are now at the disposition of the House.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT BKIGHAM.
Mr. FAKNSW0RTH, fru:n the Committee
on the Tost Office and Post Roads, reported
back House bill No. 1115, for the relief of
Robert Brigham, late postmaster at Franklin,
Pennsylvania; and the same was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
UNITKD STATES BONDS.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
RcmhM, That while it the duty of Congress to
provide tor the funding of the national debt at a
lower rale of interest, and to extend the time for its
payment to a period at which it will be tho lea«t
opprc^ivc to the people, it is also the sense of this
llouso tliut tho interest-bearing debt of the United
Statf-'-i should not be increased by causing a surren-
der of any part of our present circulating medium,
not bearing interest, and the substitution therefor
of intcreht-bearinff bonds.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
lion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to rcconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the I able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUANTS OF XjANDS.
Mr. HOLM AN submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
R'inohrdt That in the judgment of this House tho
policy of grunting subsidies in public lands to rail-
road and other corporations ought to be discontinued;
.mdthat c\ery consideration of public policy and
equal justice to the whole people requires that the
public iand-s of the United States should be held for
the exclusive purpose of securing homesteads to
Jtuuuil settlers under thehomestead and preemption
law.-, subject to reasonable appropriations of such
html.-: ior the purposes of education.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ^HOLMAiN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TROOPS IN KANSAS.
Mr. KERU submitted tho following resolu-
tion, ^on v/hich he demauded the previous
question :
llcbolned, That the President bo requested, if not
deemed prpjudiehil to public interestp.to informtho
Ilou^e whether any portion of the military forces of
the United States have been sent into the counties
of Bourbon, Crawford, and Cherokee, in the State of
Kansas, and if so, when, whatnumber. forwhat pur-
pose, and on whose procurement; and also whether
they hove been required to erect there any winter
