1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
There was no objection; and it was ordered 1
accordingly.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsidtsr the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on |
;he table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION COVODE YS. FOSTKlt.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, there is one
le^al point to which I wish to call the attention
of the House. Judge Brewster's decision has
been frequently alluded to, and I want to state
what his decision was on the subject of throw-
ing out a division. He says "the entire vote of
a precinct should not be rejected whereit is pos-
sible to ascertain the fraudulent vote.'' This
will be found in the first volume of Brewster's
Reports, page 12. Thisis the law of Pennsylvania
so fur as my knowledge goes ; it is at least the
principle laid down by all parties, the majority
and minority, in the adjudication of election
cases, that a division should never be disfran-
chised if it be possible to purge the poll. No'w
it has not only been possible to purge the polls
in Dunbar township and in Youngstown town-
ship, but these polIs have been investigated by
the Committee of Elections and purged in
accordance with the law of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WELKER. I should like to ask the
gentleman whether the poll of Dunbar town-
ship was pursed?
Mr. RANDALL. It was.
Mr. WELKER. Was any evidence intro-
duced to show how many votes each of these
parlies received in each of these townships ?
if there be any such evidence I do not find it
in the report.
Mr. RANDALL. You will find it on page
20 of the report. You will find there the num-
ber of legal votes cast.
Mr. WELKER. I mean to inquire whether
evidence was taken as to the number of votes
polled for Mr. Foster and the number polled
1'or Mr. Covode in Dunbar township.
Mr. RANDALL. The record shows that.
Mr. WELKER. Outside of the returns of
the election?
Mr. RANDALL. Thattownship was purged.
Mr. WELKER. Under this rule, that after
the official vote has been set aside, then the
parties may prove the actual votes cast for
each of the candidates, has such a proceeding
taken place in regard to Dunbar township?
Mr. RANDALL. In the majority report
the gentleman will iind the legal votes admitted
to have been cast at Dunbar township. I take
those legal votes admitted to be legal, and do
not claim any others at all. They are enough
to give Mr. Foster nis seat.
Mr. WELKER. I do not think the gentle-
man apprehends tny point. As I take it, if the
entire vote of that township has been thrown
out, then, under the rule referred to, each party
lias the right to prove the actual number of
votes cast for him. Has that been done in
thi« case?
Mr. RANDALL. Therecord shows that fact.
Mr. WELKER. In this case?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. I judge from the report
that there was enough fraud in Dunbar town-
ship to throw out the whole poll; and what I
wish to know is whether there was any proof
of the number of actual votes cast for each
party.
Mr. RANDALL. He could not anticipate
such a thing. It is a new proposition to ask
the contestant to prove all the votes cast for
liim.
Mr. WELKER. It was done in a great
many cases. Jt was done in the case of Delano
rs. Morgan ; also, in the Voorhees case.
Mr. KANDALI.. It was not done in the
case of Mr. Voorhees. But I have already
answered the gentleman, and I now yield to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BUltR. Mr. Speaker, I understand
the time of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has expired, and I take the floor in my own
right. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Burr] is recognized in his own right. ;
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, there are some
circumstances surrounding the case now under
consideration which give to it a peculiar inter-
est. I would not be willing to admit that I
take more interest in this case than in others
which have preceded and others which are
likely to follow it. But I think the facts which
are already in the possession and within the
knowledge of the House should cause this case
in all its features to be carefully examined at
every step by every member.
It is not, 1 am sure, forgotten by the mem-
bers of this House that the initial step in this
proceeding was taken in the first session of the
Forty-First Congress by the introduction and
adoption of a resolution, not prepared by the '
gentleman who offered it, providing that the
committee should determine the prima facie
case upon the inspection of a letter from the
Governor of the State. As the fact is now
developed, it was then known that the official
returns were in the office of the Clerk of this
House, establishing the fact that Mr. Foster
was then entitled and is still entitled by law
and by fact to be on this floor as the Repre-
sentative of the twenty-first congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania on a fair decision on the
prima facie case.
But by the report of the committee, its
reversal by the House, and the recommittal of
the case to the committee, the people of that
district have been so far deprived of represent-
ation, and we are to determine which of these
men was entitled to the seat upon the merits
of the case. I assume that the introduction
of that resolution under all the circumstances
then surrounding the case is upon its face an
admission that the merit of the case is in favor
of Henry D. Foster and in opposition to John
Covode.
And I would make this remark as preliminary
to an examination of the facts of this case that
in late days we seem to have fallen upon strange
practices in determining the questions of elec-
tions which come before this House. In older
times, as I remember—and I have refreshed my
recollection by an inspection of the records—it
was held, deemed, and declared that the vote
of a citizen of the United States was to be
t regarded as sacred, and not to be rejected
except by due challenge passed upon by com-
petent authority, and was in all cases to be held
| as regular, legal, and authentic until the con-
: trary should have been unequivocally proven,
i And so far as regards an attempt or suggestion
i looking toward the throwing out of the whole
poll of a district, precinct, township, or county,
it was in those earlier and perhaps better days
! of the Republic a matter hardly suggested or
| thought of except in extreme cases ; only in
cases, as has been stated by my colleague on the
committee from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,]
; where it was an absolute impossibility to elim-
1 inate the true and legal vote from that which
1 might be regarded as fraudulent and void.
Another practice which is rapidly obtaining
| on this floor, if not already sanctioned by the
t majority, is that of reversing the decision of
; the people where given in favor of the Demo-
cratic candidate, by eliminating from the polls
particular votes, or by an examination of par-
ticular ballots by individuals; but if in so
eliminating the polls the result desired is not
reached then a bolder stroke, a wider policy
must be resorted to, and a wider field of action
must be assumed in the suggestion to throw out
the poll of a township or precinct, if throwing
it out will so affect the returns as to secure the
desired result; and ifthrowingoutonepollisin-
sufficient, in throwing out another, and another
still, until the desired result shall have been
attained. And in these suggestions which look
to the throwing out of the polls of townships,
precincts, and districts we have arrived at the
position which I think was correctly described
in a paper read by a distinguished member of
this House, formerly chairman of the standing
Committee of Elections, when he said before
an audience in the city of New York that he
is regarded as the best member of that com-
mittee who can invent the best means of fol-
lowing out the directions of the dominant party
and securing the best results for that party
with the most plausible reasons in support
thereof.
Now, an examination of the individual cases
of personal challenge and the decisions at the
polls—whether rejecting legal votes cast for
one party or the other, or admitting votes that
were illegal for the one or the other—doe*
not affect the 41 majority which Mr. Foster
presents here on behalf of the certificate which
lie brings to the House. And therefore it is that
the proposition is made to throw out and reject
the polls of the township of Dunbar, and of
the Youngstown district, in deciding this case.
But before proceeding let me remark that thu
voters in that township and that district, tlw
mass of voters, citizens of the United States,
who rightfully presented their choice in the
form of a ballot at the several voting places
in behalf of either Mr. Covode or Mr. Foster,
■ were as legally entitled to their votes in that
district as the President of the United States
was in his, the Speaker of this House in his,
or as any member recognized as unchallenged
upon this floor, to the expression of a similar
choice in his voting district, wherever it may
i be. Sir, the ballot ought not to be disre-
! garded, it ought not to be challenged except
| for special and sufficient cause. I remember
' that as one of the lessons of earlier days I
adopted the idea that the ballot was stronger
than any other element in our form of govern-
ment, superior to officers, decisions, arms, or
anything else that did not strictly and specific-
ally underlie and constitute the foundations of
our Government.
Our Government is based upon a theory.
That theory is that the people shall govern and
rule, and the only manner provided by law in
■ which they may rule is by the expression of
their opinion, their judgment, their desire at
the ballot-box.
" There is a weapon surer yet.
And firmer than the bayonet;
A weapon that comes down as stilt
As snow-flake does upon the sod,
And executes the freemen's will
As lightning does the will of (iod."
But, sir, it only executes that will when made
effective by the laws of the country, the decis-
i ions of such courts or tribunals as may be called
: upon properly to review the question and make
; an ultimate decision.
Now, I do not propose to view this question
at all in so far as it relates to the right of John
Smith or William Thompson to vote at given
polls. I have not sufficiently analyzed the
question in that aspect to feel authorized to
! go into details in the examination of this ques-
tion. That has been well and sufficiently done
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall.] While I have not analyzed his
result step by step, in so far as i have exain-
, ined it or passed upon it I have found it con-
i elusive, and I indorse it point by point. It
then remains to examine—and having done
that I shall yield the floor—the sufficiency of
the reasons assigned for the rejection of the
township of Dunbar and the districtof Youngs-
town. I may remark that so far as those rea-
sons may exist at all in fact they have been
presented to the House in the report, and by
■ the speech of my colleague from New York,
' [Mr. Churchill,] with all their force and
, power. He has thrown around them, I think,
, by his power of intellect and skill in present-
ation of a subject on paper, perhaps an undue
; force and weight foreign to the facts which
underlie his report and support his speech.
: He lays down some propositions as axioms
! which I adopt, one of which is that where it is
impossible to determine the will of the voters,
; for that is the primary point, the House should
