138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March t,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
compelled to give way ; and this has been the
rule for the last nine years. The history of
that party has been a series of make-shifts and
expedients; and your "progress," as you
are fond of terming it, has been a progress
over broken party pledges and professions.
Why, sir, if the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] was correct in
what he stated the other day, that the grand
culmination of all the purposes of this war was
the scene which a few days ago we witnessed
upon the floor of this Senate, in the admission
to a seat in this body of a person having in his
veins more or less of African blood, then your
victories, your entire war was one of the most
dishonest of which history has any record, for
such objects and such results were never before
admitted to be intended by your party ; but
before the people, in your party platforms, in
the proclamations everywhere of your party
faith, such results were strenuously denied and
declaredimpossible and undesirable. The vail,
however, is now withdrawn. Let the Ameri-
can people gaze upon the spectacle.
And here, sir, passing for a moment from
the direct subject of this bill, let me refer to
the constant effort upon the part of the domi-
nant majority of this Congress, at least of
many of its members, to affix the stigma of
repudiation upon the Democratic party. The
credit of our country is just as necessary, is
just as dear to us, as it can be to you. By what
right do you assume to yourselves the sole
custody of the national honor? This reiter-
ation of your self-sanctity cannot but bring
you into disrespect. It seems to me as thpugh
the bitter maxim of Dean Swift had been
adopted by many members of the Republican
organization: "Throw mud enough," said he,
" and some of it will stick and this appears
to bo their rule, and on all occasions, whether
in the hour of party triumph or supposed party
danger, theDemocratic party is made the target
for the most indiscriminate abuse.
The other day the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] took occasion, in the plen-
itude of his power, and from that elevation
which the vast majority of his party in this
body gave him, to throw taunts and slurs upon
the Democratic party. His mouth was filled
with phrases from Scripture. Ho stood knee-
deep in his own praises of himself and his party,
lie referred us to the Bibleforhis commission,
and announced himself one of the vicegerents
of Almighty God. There was a parable in
that good Book, with which he affected to have
much familiarity, which it seemed to me he
had overlooked, ft was that of a certain Phari-
see who went up into the temple to make his
prayer, and made such a one as we heard here
a few days ago from the honorable Senator.
The value of. that prayer we have nothing less
than divine estimate for. We know how it
was compared with that other and humbler
prayer that came from a man who had at least
begun his Christianity by the necessary virtue
of humility.
As I listened to the honorable Senator there
were some readings of ray earlier days that
came back to me, and among them I remem-
bered when one of the purest-minded and
sweetest poets of our language had been simi-
larly assailed for his alleged irreverence. It
was Tom Hood who dedicated an ode to one
Mr. Wilson of his day, when, in his absence
i'rom his native country, he was assailed by that
gentleman. There is a portion of it which it
strikes me it might be well to recall to see
whether there can be found in it any applica-
tion to our own time. Hood's ode to that Mr.
Wilson ran as follows :
"Shun pride, O'Kae; whatever sort beside
You take in lieu, shun spiritual pride.
A prido there is of rank, a pride of birth,
A prido of learning, and a pride of purse,
A London pride—in short, there be on earth
A host of prides, some better and some worse.
But of all prides since Lucifer's attaint
The proudest swells a self-elected saint."
The moral of the lecture which we received
from that honorable Senator was that we should
shun principles that led us into minorities;
that when a man's political principles became
unpopular they should therefore be abandoned.
He did not seem to understand how a man
can go cheerfully into a minority rather than
surrender his convictions of right. It has been
the standing by those convictions that has
bro.ght the Democratic party into the minor-
ity in which they stand on this floor.
I believe that sooner or later, and soon
rather than late, a faithful adherence to those
principles, and a recognition of their truth and
value by the people of the United States, will
reverse the present majorities in Congress and
undo much work which the authors now flatter
themselves will be imperishable. Our ark is
resting on the high peaks of human reason and
intelligence, but the great wave of public opin-
ion is rising and will soon float it to the proper
haven.
But the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts was only one of those on this floor by
whom we have been attacked. Even so dis-
creet, so worthy, and so valuable a member
of this body as the honorable Senator from
Vermont who now occupies the chair [Mr.
Morriia] has deemed it proper, and found
time constantly in the course of various debates
in reference to our national finances, to declare
his utter distrust in the Democratic party as
guardians of the national credit or of the pub-
lic faith. Upon one occasion 1 remember hear-
ing him declare that he had as lief trust rebels
as Democrats with the care of the national
honor. Now, on that point I would ask who are
rebels? Where are there any to-day in the Uni-
ted States ? Is it wise or just that these names
should be kept up; that these hard feelings
should be continued and constantly resusci-
tated in debate? Surely wc need the whole
strength of our country; surely we need each
man's aid in it; and that aid certainly cannot
bo procured by never-ending, still-beginning
abuse and aspersions of men's motives.
Even in the very able and interesting speech
read by the Senator the other day from his
manuscript he declared that the Democratic
party was one '"organized to pollute public
integrity and cripple its future credit." Sir,
of whom does the gentleman speak when he
uses this phrase ? 1 do not propose to answer
by a mere denial, because it would be beneath
the dignity of a Democratic Senator to admit
it was needed. But I would point him to the
history of that party, which, with short intermis-
sions, for nearly seventy years governed this
country without one staiu upon its faith, finan-
cial or otherwise.
When this revolution of 18G1 commenced
political events placed the reins of power in
this country in the hands of a minority party;
and what did they find? They found this coun-
try young and strong, with all its resources
carefully conserved, a lusty young giant rejoic-
ing in all that makes a nation strong and great.
Who had so nursed it? Who had preserved
its resources so unimpaired, had kept its name
without stain and its credit untouched? This
very party that is now assailed as unfit or un-
worthy to be trusted with the care of its finances.
Sir, on the roll of that party appear names
which have been placed there in the last nine
years; the former opponents of our party
measures, men who have held the highest
offices in the public gift, have filled them with
honor and retired from them with universal
respect; they have come to us because they
believed that there was in the Democratic
party that spirit of conservatism, that spirit of
constitutional subordination, which rendered
their measures and their party policy the safest
for the honor and the welfare of our whole
people. Did that Senator reflect that this
party, which he was so stigmatizing.at the last
presidential election contained within its ranks
very nearly one half of the aggregate voters of
this whole country, even including your rotten
boroughs of the South and your boasted negro
constituencies, where the statesman, jurist,
and scholar is disfranchised and his boot-black
becomes a lawgiver ?
Did he reflect that by a change of less than
three per cent, the majority of the popular
vote would be with the Democratic party? Yet
that is the case. Sir, the Democratic party
needs less than three men out of every hundred
to make a majority all over this Union, includ-
ing those States that you have caught by the
throat and held pinned by the bayonet; and
with all this that party needs less than three
votes out of every hundred to give it a majority
of the aggregate vote. Sir, it is to-day the
rising party; it is to-day upon the flood-tide of
advance; and most positively do I aifirm my
belief that the next Congress that meets in the
city of Washington will contain in the House
of Representatives a Democratic majority of
members.
Now, sir, I ask what effect can such charges
against this great party have but to injure our
public credit? If the government of this coun-
try is to pass into the hands of the Democratic
party, do not let it pass there with its credit
smirched in advance before you let go your
hold on it. We are your fellow-countrymen.
The reputation of our country is as dear to us
as it can be to you. Oppose us as you may, at
least for the sake of our common country do
us justice, in order that when you leave the
ship of State she shall not be scuttled before
you give over the command. You certainly
will not adopt the light language of the profli-
gates of the French regency, and cry, "After
us the deluge.'' It surely cannot be your intent;
and yet it seems to me that if such declarations
as I have referred to are to have any effect at
all it must be to injure the public credit when
you yourselves shall lose the power that an
accidental majority in Congress has given you.
By this continuous system of abuse, this
impeachment of men's motives respecting the
public debt, you have wrung from many indi-
viduals hasty expressions of animosity to your
various plans of finance ; and having evoked
these chance phrases of displeasure from indi-
viduals, you have sought to fasten them upon
us as a party creed.
It should be" the duty of every man to foster
the credit of his country; men of all parties
and all sections should be induced to subscribe
for this national debt which you now propose
to fund anew, and at lower rates of interest
than heretofore. Can you consider that you
have strengthened the public credit by creating
these negro constituencies in southern States,
giving to a semi-barbarous people a voice in
the control of property, of whose laws they
are hopelessly ignorant, whose lavish, simple-
minded, thriftless, easy-going natures make
them natural-born repudiators, who are hasten-
ing those States where your armies have given
®them control into hopeless insolvency? If
this be doubted look at the quotations of
those State bonds where negro rule obtains.
Look at their system and amounts of tax levies.
Read some of their propositions now before
the country, such as convening the Legislature
of the little State of Florida in order that
$8,000,000 of bonds may be used to build rail-
roads, &c. The people of that State would starve
if the interest on such a debt was exacted from
them. Nay, it would be impossible to collect it.
Now, Mr. President, rny allegation is not
in regard to your intent; but as a subject
entirely germane to the consideration of this
bill, I do allege that repudiation, so far as
it ever has actually heen followed in this
country, was commenced by the enactments
of the Republican parly in 1862, when they
issued paper money, "rags and lampblack."
without the least intrinsic value, and made
it a legal tender for all debts, public aud
