3984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I,
where national banks and banking associations
are required to pay a tax on their deposits,, the
money ought to be allowed to be taken' out by
checks without the payment of a tax on the
checks.
Mr. Speaker, it is no doubt a great annoy-
ance to the public to be. compelled to stamp
all these checks; and'in a great niany cases
this requirement leads to a clear violation of
the law. We should accommodate so far as
possible the business- interests of the public by
repealing the requirement of these stamps on
simple business instruments in general use.
The substitute which I propose will accom-
plish this desirable object, while at the same
time checks drawn upon private individuals,
private companies, and corporations will be
liable to the stamp duty.
One other suggestion before I conclude. In
this clause this is an unjust distinction against
banks that actually pay a tax upon their depos-
its. Under this clause a check drawn upon an
individual, a company, or a corporation, if for
less than ten dollars, requires no stamp, while
a check for a corresponding amount on a bank
requires a stamp, although the bank at ike
same time pays a tax on its deposits.
Mr. JUDD. I agree with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that it is
an easy thing to run a race toward reducing
taxation ; und as one member of this House I
do not propose by any vote which 1 may givo
to jeopardize the financial interests of the Gov-
ernment. The chairman of the committee told
us in his opening remarks upon this bill that
the exteift of the reduction which is contem-
plated whs about thirty-three million dollars.
My conviction is that, as this is the only bill
now pending that bids fair to become a law
tho amount of reduction named by the gentle-
man is not sufficient; that such a reduction
does not meet the demands of the people.
One word as to this particular item. These
two-cent stamps upon checks assimilate very
closely to the stamps upon receipts which by
this' hill are abolished. These checks enter
into all business transactions where deposits
are made. 1 wish to call the attention of the
House to the practical operation of this clause.
For the convenience of business the stamp
is now lithographed upon the checks to save
cutting all the time. The operation of this is
to make a monopoly of that business in the city
of New York, and all the banks in the West,
in California, in St. Louis, banks in every direc-
tion, are compelledlo send their checks toNew
York to have this work done, and applications
after applications are made to the Department
here to authorize these things^) be done where
the stamps are to be used, Th.e amount is not
large. It is troublesome in its application. It
assimilates to the two-cent receipt stamp, and
X htipe the amendment lo strike out this provis-
ion entirely will prevail.
Mr. K.BLLEY. I propose to amend the
amendment by making the rate inline twenty-
two two and a half cents, and I do this pro
forma for the purpose of making a few sugges-
tions in support of the provision as it now
stands. It is very desirable we should collect
our revenue from as few sources as possible,
and 1 have believed it quite practicable to col-
lect a sufficient amount from distilled spirits,
malt liquor, tobacco, and stamps; butifwe pro-
ceed to lake a little off each item wo leave the
whole system to standasit does anddonothing
to diminish the expense of collection. The
expense of collecting the internal revenue for
the last three years iias been over twenty-five
million dollais, or on an average of over eight
million dollars a year. No taxes collected are
collected so cheaply as those from stamps.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bux-
lek] inquired of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the cost of printing
these siamps. The entire cost of printing these
sttupps and distributing them was $256,000,
and that embraces not only the revenue stamp
proper, but the beer and other stamps. So,
sir, there is no part of the revenue which is
collected so economically as this; but, if we
strike out a million or more than a million
dollars here we must retain some other item
of tax and continue the whole broad annoying
system.
This clause, as amended, has been connned
tobanks, bankers, and trust companies. Now,
that stamp cannot be a great nuisance. The
checks may-be purchased with the stamp on,
or when a man gets his check-book from his
bank or banker he may buy at the same time
stamps and stamp each check. Fifteen or
twenty minutes time will answer for his whole
check-book. Therefore it is one of the least
annoying, even to the systematic people in
the country, of our taxes. As the chairman of
the committee has shown, small as the item is,
by striking out that clause you strike out one
sixth of §16,000,000.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Before my colleague on
the committee leaves the floor, in further reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts^ [Mr.
Botler,] I wish to say the cost of printing
stamps, distributing them, &c., is $250,000,
and during last year we sold $123,000,000
worth.
Mr. KBLLEY. That included all stamps.
So, as I have already remarked, there is no
portion of the internal revenue which is more
cheaply collected than this, and I desire to
close by a renewal of the suggestion that by
striking this off we may impose upon our-
selves the necessity of retaining some other
feature of the tax bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I ain in
favor of the adoption of the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan, becauso I believe
it to be in the right direction. It proposes to
remove a vexatious portion of the taxes.
And while 1 am upon the floor I wish to say
a word in reply, or rather in concurrence with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] who
has stated that, the Democratic party, or we
who represent it here are in favor of low taxes
and in favor of a reduction of the present taxes.
Tie rightly states our'position, but the reason
which he gives for the conclusion is not sound.
Ho states we occupy that position because it is
the popular side. 1 maintain we occupy that
position because these taxes are entirely unne-
cessary. We are opposed to any system of taxa-
tion which is annoying, which is a nuisance,
which is inquisitorial, which is vexatious. And
the facts and the figures sustain us in taking that
position with .reference to these taxes. The
revenues of the country du ring the last fiscal year
were $370,000,000. According to Democratic
belief this Government, if honestly run, ought
lo be carried on with an amount of money not
exceeding $250,000,000. We are against any
system of taxation which enables the Secretary
of the Treasury to glorify himself by announc-
ing to the world that he is reducing the public
debt of the country at the rate of $100,000,000
a, year. There is no possible necessity lor
extorting so much from the present generation
by that highway system of taxation which the
majority of this House are now imposing upon
the people.
It has been suggested to me that the taxa-
tion during the present fiscal year will bo
$400,000,000. I ask what reasonable excuse
have you to present to the people for such an
enormous taxation as that? You are pros-
trating every industry of the country. You
are destroying almost every interest up to this
point, except the agricultural interest. We
are therefore opposed to such a system of tax-
ation. This proposition to strike out the two
cents for checks refers merely to one item which
yields about one million dollars. But these
items are what make up the aggregate of the
reveuue, and this item, in my judgjaent, is apart
of that taxation which ought not to be levied.
Moreover, we are opposed to this system of
taxation because we know that the result of
the collection of those taxes will be unit the
money will be squandered. For, according to
my judgment, a more profligate, spendthrift
House of Representatives and Congress never
before sat in these Halls. While the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] preaches
economy, he at the same lime seeks m a left-
handed way to make the people believe taat
there is nothing in the actual administration
of the finances which warrants his words.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend pro
forma by reducing the tax to one cent. With
the Republican members of this House gener-
ally I realize the necessity there is for Con-
gress to maintain the credit of the Govern-
ment. But I would not go one step further in
the direction of burdening the people than is
absolutely necessary. If now, after the war
has closed, after the amount of our debt has
beeu ascertained and hasbeen largely reduced—
if now that business is resuming its former con-
dition ; if now, the smoke having cleared away
so that we can survey the whole field, we are
able to take off some of the burdens which we
have heretofore imposed, it is certainly our
duty to do it. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means who reported this bill has
stated that the amount of its reductions would
be $33,000,000. Sir, that is not enough.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I said it would be a frac-
tion over $33,000,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe that the gentle-
man stated that while the bill proposed to take
off certain taxes and to add others the practi
eal resultwould be areduction of $33,000,000.
I hold in my hand a statement which has been
prepared for me at the Treasury Department
which gives the facts and estimates so clearly
and so abstracted from extraneous matter that
I will publish it with my remarks.
Statement shoioing the
Revenuo of tho Government from all sourccs for the year ending March 31,1870s   $103,941,3!9 65
Expenditures of the Government for tho year ending March 31,1870  292,62i),b,S5 63
Receipts in oxcess of expenditures Sill,320,705 C2
Statement of duties on "malt and spirituous liquors and tobacco and manufactures of tobacco,''
entered for direct and withdrawn from warehouse for consumption from July 1 to Jheember
31, 1868, and for the. corresponding period of 1869.
Bate.
July 1 to Dccciuber 31,1868...
July.l to jUeeember SI. 1809 ..
Boer, ale, and
porter.
$129,520 35
146,571 11
Spirits andwines.
§3,543,371 47
4,164,739 89
Total malt
and spirituous
liquors.
£3,672,891 82
4,311,314 30
Tobacco and
manufactures "f.
Jl,473,792 39
1,065,01:; 46
The statement of the amount of receipts for the year ending March 31,1870, is not strictly accurate, as
it is based upon the data now in the Department. When tho moneys derived from revenues, which are
deposited in the'various Government depositories throughout the country, are covered into the Treasury,
and the quarter ending March 31 is finally closed, the total receipts will differ from the amount here given.
may i, 18it).
