2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
quarters, forts, fortifications, or earthworks, and if
so, what, for what purpose, and at whose expense,
and at what probable expense to the Government
have all said acts been done.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. VAN HORN. Would it be in order to
move to refer this resolution to the Committee
on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It would not, after the
House lias seconded the demand for tlie pre-
vious question.
The main question was ordered ; and un-
der the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LETTER-CARRIER SYSTEM.
Mr. SHANKS submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed
to inform the House at his earliest convenieneo:
1. The names of all cities or towns where the letter-
carrier system has boor, established in the United
States
2. Tho annual cost at each of the several places
where established, or for tho timo it has been in
operation, if less than a year.
3. The entire annual cost of tho lotter-carrier sys-
tem to tho Government.
_ 4. Tho entire net cost to the Government over
incomes at the several offices where established,
annually and for the month of January, 1870.
5. Tho savings if any, to tho Department over tho
delivery system.
0. The losses, including box-rents, carriers' sacks,
salaries, &e.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow mo to move an amendment to his
resolution, so as to obtain certain information
additional to what he asks ? I desire that the
Postmaster General should inform the House
what post-office stations have been within a year
abolished in cities, and the reasons for the
abolishment of those stations.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not yield for that pur-
pose. _ I insist on the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
lpain question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof tlie resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITNESSES ON PENSION CLAIMS.
Mr. 1YNER submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
..yhereas claimants for pensions frequently havo
dillioulty m establishing their right thereto, by
reason of tho unfriendliness of witnesses who alone
have knowledge of tho necessary facts, and who refuse
to make affidavit atthe request of theclaimants; and
whereas there is now no law whorcby they can bo
compelled to testify: Therefore,
lienolvcd, '.That the Corumittee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for tho subpenaing of witnesses in such
cases, compelling their attendance for said purpose,
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof tlie preamble and resolution were
adopted.
Mr. TYNB11 moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble ais.i resolution were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NINTJI CENSUS.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1590) to amend s-,-. act entitled "An act pro-
viding lor the taking of the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of the members of the House of
Representatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several Slates," ap-
proved May 23, 1850; which was read a first
and.second .time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STOKES. I move the previous question.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that in lieu of the two copies required by sec-
tions five and eleven of the act of May 23,
1850, to be made of the original returns of the
assistant marshals, there shall bo required of
such returns one copy only, which shall be
forwarded to the Census Office at Washing-
ton, and the original returns shall be deposited
in the office of the secretary of the State or
Territory, instead of being deposited with the
county clerks of the respective counties, as pro-
vided in the said eleventh section of said act.
The second section limits the time allowed
for transmitting tho said copy of the returns of
the assistant marshals to the Census Office so
that the returns of population and mortality,
upon schedules numbered respectively one and
six, in the act of May 23, 1850, shall be sent t
to that office on or before the 15th day of Au-
gust next, and the complete returns upon all
the schedules annexed to and made part of that
act, excepting upon the schedule therein des-
ignated as number two, which schedule is re-
voked, canceled, and declared to be no longer
a part of said act, shall be forwarded to the
Census Office before the 1st day of October
following. The Secretary of the Interior is au-
thorized, however, to extend the time allowed
for returns on the schedules, other than those
of population and mortality, in any case where
it shall appear to him to be necessary; and
whenever, from the loss or destruction of re-
turns, or from causes beyond the control of the
officers charged with the enumeration, it shall
be shown to be impracticable to comply with
the requirements of this section, the Secretary
of the Interior is authorized to extend the time
allowed for rendering returns of population and
mortality, not beyond the 1st day of October
next.
The third section authorizes and requires the
Secretary of the Interior to modify the sched-
ules fixed by the act of May 23, 1850, in such
a manner as may be required by the amend-
ments of the Constitution of the United States,
and as may be consistent with the compar-
ison of data obtained-under former censuses;
and requires him to obtain, or cause to be ob-
tained, statistics of transportation, trade, and
telegraphs, and of fire, marine, and lilb insur-
ance in such manner that tho total increase of
inquiries shall not be more than twenty-five
per cent, of those contained in the schedules
used in18G0.
The fourth section provides that each and
every owner, part owner, overseer, officer,
agent, or member of any shop, factory, fish-
ery, mine, plantation, farm, firm, or corpora-
tion, who, if thereto requested by the marshal
or his assistant, shall refuse to answer to the
best of his or her knowledge all the inquiries
authorized by the act of May 23,1850, and any
acts amendatory thereof, shall bo subject to
the penalty provided in the fifteenth section of
said act of May 23, 1850.
By the fifth section it is provided that all
appointments of assistant marshals under the
provisions of tlie fourth section of the act of
May 23,1850, shall require confirmation by the
Secretary of the Interior; and that until noti-
fication of such confirmation shall have been
received by the marshal of the district, such
appointments shall be void and of no effect.
By section six the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is authorized to increase the compensa-
tion of assistant marshals now provided by
law whenever in his judgment such increase
shall be necessary; but in no case shall such
increase exceed fifty per cent, of the amount
of compensation now allowed by law.
Mr. STOKES. If the House will permit
me 1 will make an explanation which 1 think
will be satisfactory to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not at lib-
erty even to ask unanimous consent during the
morning hour on Monday.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if he will allow me to move to strike
out the fifth section of the bill ?
Mr. STOKES. No, sir; I cannot.
The previous question was seconded and the
maiu question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed—
ayes 78, noes 41.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
WASHINGTON MAIL STEAMBOAT COMPANY
Mr. LOGAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill (S. No. 430) to incorporate
the "Washington Mail Steamboat Company was
laid on the table on Friday last. It was laid
on the table on my motion, and at the urgent
request of several persons I make this motion.
On reading it I find nothing particular in it to
which I object. I made the motion on the
ground that we had passed ageneral incorpor-
ation bill.
Mr. PAINE. Does the gentleman make the
motion to reconsider within the proper time?
The SPEAKER. It is not within the proper
time. It would require a suspension of the
rules to enable the gentleman to make the
motion.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
30, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logan and
Mr. Paine were appointed.
The House divided; and tlie tellers report-
ed—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table was agreed to.
The bill was read, and is as follows :
A bill to incorporate the Washington Mail Steam-
boat Company.
_ Be it enacted_ by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That Charles Spcai, Paul Stevens, W. H. Ten-
ney, William L. Wall, William II. Philp, George II.
Plant, J. L. Savage, D. C. i'orney, II. Kilbourne, S.
P. Brown, Alexander Hay, A. H. Herr, John Pear-
son. and their associates andsuecossors, oramajority
of them, are hereby created and constituted a body
politic and corporate, by tho name and style of the
Washington Mail Steamboat Company.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted. That the capital
stock of said company shall not be less than $250,000
nor more than $ol)0,U()0, to be divided into shares of
&100each. Andcaehcorporatorsliall oeindividual),y
liable, during the time ho is a stockholder, for all
debts of the company, to tho amount of his stock
therein, and for one year after any transfer of the
same.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurtherenaeted, Thatsaidcompany
is authorized and empowered to establish and run a
line or lines of steamers between the cities of Wash-
ington and Norfolk and other ports.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That said com-
pany is also authorized to buy, build, charter, or run
steamers, and to purchase, hold, and grant such real,
personal, or mixed estate as may be necessary to
carry into effect tho purposes ot this act, and to build
all necessary docks, wharves, and buildings thereon
for their own use; may transport passengers and
freight of every description, subject to tho rules and
regulations and laws of the United States; may sue
and be sued; may have a common seal; and gen-
erally may have and possess the rights and privileges
usuaKy possessed by similar corporations or granted
under this act, a.nd may issue bondsof the denomina-
tion of not. less than $100, in an amount not exceeding
ono half of the capital stock of said company.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the affairs of
said company shall be managed by such officers as
the stockholders in general meeting shall elect and
such agents as may be appointed by the board ot
directors. The persons named in the first section of
this act, or a majority of them, may call ameetingof
the stockholders for the purpose of organizing said
company at such time and place in the city of
Washington as they may determine upon after ad-
vertising the time and place of such meeting for ten
days in one or more newspapers published in thecity
of Washington. The officers of said company oneu
elected shall hold their officcs for one year or until
their successors are chosen.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the board of
