1870.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Funding Bill—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
private, but not for duties on imports and in-
terest on the public debt. Under the sanction
of your party then commenced the carnival
of fraud and swindling. The language which
1 have read from various gentlemen high in
station and respect in your party, foretelling
what would occur, was more than verified in
the sequel. Existing debts were discharged
by this paper money at a loss of one half or
one third of that value in which they had been
contracted. Individuals fell into this current
helplessly, forthecombined influence of church
and State, of civil, military, social, and reli-
gious denunciations awaited any man who
spoke of this fraud in the terms it deserved, i
remember well, in the town in which Iwasboru
and now live, the incarceration in a military
prison of a gentleman perfectly blameless in
Ilia character and life, in weak physical health,
who was taken from Ins home at midnight by
the military ruler, a General Tyler by name,
and imprisoned for having spoken disrespect-
fully ot greenbacks!
So, sir, as individuals were swept into this
vortex of repudiation, repudiation to the extent
to which their tenders of payment fell below
the amount, they actually owed, cities, counties,
and States followed—the great State of Penn-
sylvania ; the Empire State of New York; the
latter, thank God! against the protest of her
Democratic Governor, Horatio Seymour, who
did in vain eudeavorto impress upon theRepub-
lican Legislature of that State that "honesty"
was, to use old Franklin's cold-blooded maxim,
"the best policy/' who urged that they should
continue to sustain the honor of their State by
the payment of the interest of their debt in the
same money of value in which it had been con-
tracted ; but in vain. Pennsylvania struggled
a little while against dishonor : but when paper
fell in value thirty-three per cent, her virtue
yielded; and when after the war the premium
upon paper had fallen still lower she elected to
stop interest upon a loan contracted by her
lung before the war in gold coin, and pay off
the principal as well as the interest in depre-
ciated paper. Her creditor naturally protested,
and proposed to continue his loan that appre-
ciation might take place, and that great State
could afford to be honest. His proffers were
brusquely rejected, and his protest against re-
ceiving his debt in depreciated paper was met
with sneers and insult by that loyal State treas-
urer, who availed himself of the race to which
the honorable banking house who represented
the creditors belonged to avow that as Jews
they should have their pound of human flesh,
but not one drop of Christian blood! Insult
heaped on injury, repudiation seasoned with
the insolence of "loyalty!"
But, Mr. President, that was opportunity for
repudiation, a repudiation in fact created by
a Republican Administration. But not only
that: that party has implanted repudiation in
the Constitution itself. In article live of the
amendments to the Constitution it is provided
that "private property shall not be taken for
public use without just compensation." That
article and the ten articles accompanying it were
in fact conditions-subsequent to the ratifica-
tion of the Constitution by many of the States ;
I know that the great State of New York, in
which it was agreed, not in terms directly but
by moral trust, that if the State of New York
and others would adopt the Federal Constitu-
tion as their form of government, these articles
should be subsequently added by way of amend-
ment thereto. There was the contract that
private property should not be taken for public
use without just compensation. Now, by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution pro-
posed by Congress in the absence of more than
one third of the States or their Representatives,
unlawfully proposed and just as unlawfully
adopted, you declared in section four:
"That neither the United Staies nor any State
shall assume or pay any claim for tho loss or emanci-
pation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations,
and claims shall be held illegal and void."
Now, what were the slaves included in this
prohibition, in this enforced repudiation of pay-
ment respecting them ? They were the property
of citizens of Kentucky, Maryland, and Del-
aware—'States that had all rejected the four-
teenth amendment and never been out of nor
attempted to go outof the Union ; whose owners
had forfeited^ none of their legal rights under
the Constitution; and yet you declared by that
article fourteen that article five of the original
amendments should be violated, and that pri-
vate property to the amount of many millions
should be taken from honest law-abiding cit-
izens who gave you allegiance, to whom you
owed the correlative duty of protection—you
declared their property should be taken from
them, and you repudiated solemnly the pay-
ment of your just debt to them for it.
Why, sir, repudiation of a debt is a question
of morals. It is not that the debt should be
secured by bond, or by any other form of obli-
gation; it is the moral question of indebted-
ness ; and we have no more common phrase
applied to a man whom we wish to speak of as
an honorable man than that " his word is as
good as his bond." I had just as lief forfeit
my word as my bond, and I consider that the
repudiation by a Government of a just debt,
let the form of the obligation be what it may,
is a question not in any degree depending on
that form, but on the substance of the actual
moral obligation of the debtor. This slave
property was one of the best recognized species
of property in the world. It was recognized
by municipal law ; it was recognized by the laws
of nations ; it was recognized by the laws of
the States where it existed, and peculiarly by
the Constitution of the United States. In fact
slave property was the only property that per
se had a voicc or hearing and representation in
the Congress of the United States. That prop-
erty, and that alone, had a right of representa-
tion given to it in the national councils by
giving to the owners of slaves a representa-
tion in the House of Representatives in the
ratio of three fifths in proportion to their
numbers.
Further than that, in 186-1 you passed a law
giving to the owners of slaves, where they were
drafted into the Army, $100 bounty for each
man so taken; and where they volunteered to
tho master of each slave so taken $300, which
was about one fourth of their admitted value ;
and you continued to pay jn such cases for
three years; and then, in 1867, without further
compensation, without anything being said in
regard to your duties toward these citizens of
your own country who had never disobeyed
your laws, nor given you any excuse for taking
from tliem any of their rights, you repealed that
lav/ in very short terms, and merely declared
that "the said payments are hereby sus-
pended and then, in 1808, you capped the cli-
max of this repudiation of your just debts to
your own fellow-citizens by declaring not only
that you would not pay, but that you absolutely
forbade any State who might wish to be
honest from paying for this very property
which was taken from the owners for public
use and without giving them any compensation
whatever.
It .seems to me that under your system of
reasoning and acting you have reserved all your
honesty for one form only of your national obli -
gatious. Asa Democrat I am unwilling to sub-
scribe to it. The honesty of the party to which
I am proud to belong extends to every honor-
able, just obligation of our people athome and
abroad.
Further than that, by your law of 1864, and
again by resolution of I860, you closed the
avenues of justice. Your Court of Claims was
closcd against the consideration of all that class
of claims arising from the taking of private
property of your own people, those whom you
term loyal citizens of the South, for public use.
You gave them no day in court. You gave
them no hearing. The illustration of their case,
of the hardships which they had to undergo in
addition to their loss of property, was most
eloquently and impressively placed before the
Senate by the honorable Senator from West
Virginia [Mr. Willey] the other day, Now,
Sir, was not that a repudiation—denying to your
own people access to the altars of justice: that
a just claim, no matter how just, should not
even be heard ?
Therefore, sir, I consider that in the light of
the history of the legislation of the Republican
Earty since 1861 the word "repudiation" had
etter be excluded from their many charges
against the Democratic party. To use a script-
ural phrase, so much in vogue in that party,
this beam of repudiation had better bo taken
from their own eye before they call on us to
remove this imaginary mote from ours.
Now, sir, my proposition respecting the
funding of the national debt, desirable as I
think it for the purpose of diminishing the
large rate of interest we now pay, is this: that
we must postpone any such measure until we
shall have reached a real basis of value for
our currency, where we shall have a constitu-
tional currency of coined money of value to
rest our debt upon before we talk of funding
it. So long as our basis of currency is one of
credit only, without intrinsic value, just so long
uncertainties and fluctuations will distress the
land and disturb all legitimate business. Let
us resume specie payments before we offer
new loans. Some of our bonds are now above
their par value in gold, and others are nearly
at par ; and here let me say that we owe this
to no action of Congress, but we owe it to the
wondrous natural wealth and resources of the
continent on which we dwell and the enter-
prise of our citizens in developing them.
Who can doubt that the decisions of the
Supreme Court of tho United States, one made
early in last spring legalizing coin contracts,
and the other made but three weeks ago deny-
ing the legality of paper as a legal tender for
debts contracted prior to the 25th of l?ebruai'y,
1862, have done much to bring gold from 125
down to 113, and will speedily bring that pre-
mium down to par if Congress shall not inter-
fere to prolong the existence of inconvertible
paper money, that curse to the commerce and
business of the country, by passing a funding
bill which shall contain provisions for bank-
ing to an unlimited extent upon inconvertible
paper money.
In 1868, the precise date I forget, Congress
refused to pass a bill legalizing contracts in
coin, although it was plain that to use coin in
special contracts would familiarize our people
with it and induce them gradually to return to
it as a basis for all their contracts. After
these two decisions of the Supreme Court we
have only heard growls of discontent in both
Houses from the party of the majority, and
certain smothered threats against the Supreme
Court because of its late very restrained decis-
ions ; and now so it is that each Radical Senator
has fed so full of power for the last nine years
that when anything is done that suggests a
check upon his party wishes or his party action
instantly he—
" Assumos tho god,
Affccts to nod,
And scorns to shake the spheres."
I aver, sir, that this approach to the resump-
tion of specie payments has been a victory
of the resources of the country over Radical
finance, until under the last decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States gold lost
thirty-three per cent, of its premium in ten
days ; and now I believe that if the country is
only let alone it will recover in spite of its
