1870.
TH  CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3041
luge concourse of citiiens was attracted to
the court-room. Daring the proceedings the
floor of the court-room gave way, precipitating
its occupants into the room below, where the
Legislature was iu session, and the result was,
I deeply regret to say, that a large number of
persons were killed or wounded.
Mr. McKENZIE. I do not suppose that
the Legislature could be in session, as they do
not meet till twelve, while this occurred at
eleven. The number of killed would haYe
been very much greater had tho Legislature
been in session.
Mr. PLATT. I send to the desk to be read
a telegram I have received with reference to
this most deplorable occurrence.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Received at Washington, 3 p. m.]
richmond, virginia, April27,1870.
To Hon. J. H. Platt:
Nearly forty killed. Among them Patrick Henry
Aylett, Dr. James B. Brock, Enquirer; 3tinsel
Katon, clerk to Chahoon; Bland, senator; N. II. How-
ard, lawyer: W. A. Charters, chief fire department;
E. M. Senotield, brotherof general; Governor Wells
fatally wounded, sinee reported dead. Number
wounded very large. Among them Judge Meredith,
l.h. Chandler, Lawyer Xeeson, Qeorge Cb&hoon,
and many other prominent citizens.
Mr. COX. I would suggest that, in view of
this calamity, the committee rise. After re-
ceiving such tidings I hardly think the House
is in a fit condition to go on with business.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Though the announce-
ment which has been made is exceedingly
distressing, I think we had better go on with
the public business. If we were near enough
to be of any service the case would be differ-
ent. But we are not in a position to be of
any service whatever.
Mr. COX. In deference to the view of the
chairman of the committee, and of my friends
near me, I withdraw the suggestion which I
ventured to make.
takiff bill.
The committee then resumed the consider-
ation of the tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I had a single remark to
make when I gave way. I meant to conclude
by saying that if this proposition to put it at 1
cent per pound, which is less than the duty on
the hoop iron of which it is made, shall be
voted down, I will then move to reduce it to 2
cents, which is only a quarter of a cent more
than the duty on hoop iron. I am instructed by
the Committee of ways and Means to make
that motion.
Mr. BUCK. I move to make it 1J cents per
pound. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says this is a new article of manufac-
ture. That ia-very true, but the labor of manu-
facturing it is very small. It is not substan-
tially different from the article of flat hoop
bands in the second paragraph preceding- this
one. We have put the duty on that down to 1£
cents, and I see no reason why this should not
come down to the same figure, being substan-
tially the same article. It will be seen by the
report of last year" s importations that this arti-
cle only costs 2 cents a pound in the foreign
market. There were 15,657,761 pounds brought
into the country at a cost of $315,522, being
about 2 cents per pound. It cost in this coun-
try, with the present tariff of 35 per cent, ad
valorem, 7 cents a pound, and when you raise
the duty to 2 cents a pound you raise it from
35 to 100 per cent, and you will make the cost
of the article in this country much more. I
think from the facts already presented by my
colleague [Mr. Buckley] that a duty of l£
cents per pound is sufficiently large to answer
the purposes of protection as well as of reve-
nue. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment, and
I do it for the purpose of saying to the com-
mittee that if I understand aright there is none
of this article manufactured in this country. It
comes iu antagonism with no manufacture in
thisi country. But there is another interest
besides that of cotton which is largely inter-
41st Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 191.
estod in this artiele. Gentlemen will remember
that there is a large hay interest in the west-
ern country, and perhaps all over the country,
and the people are getting to bale their hay as
cotton is baled, witniron hoops. Thet+hole
hay interest, as well as the whole cotton interest,
of the country is interested in this particular
article, and I cannot see why there should be
a desire to put the tariff upon it at so high a
rate when it comes in competition with no
manufacture in this country.
message from tub senate.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, the bill (H. R. No. 1886)
to relieve certain persons therein named from
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
tariff bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the Btate of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. LOGAN. This article with this catch
or buckle^ or whatever it is, is manufactured
nowhere in this country, but is imported for
this particular purpose of baling cotton, baling
hay, baling rags, baliBg sacks, and various
articles of that kind. I cannot understand
why the tariff should be raised to what I would
consider an exorbitant rate on this particular
article,which comes in competition with noth-
ing manufactured in this country. My own
view is that 1J- cents per pound would be a
sufficient doty, but I am willing to vote for lj
cents; but I think the proposition of the chair-
man-of the Committee of Ways and Means to
put it at 2 cents is an exorbitant rate. This
article now comes in at 35 per cent, ad valorem,
costing, I believe, 7 cents per pound. Itcomes
in under the present law as one of the articles not
enumerated, and hence it comes in at 35 per
cent, ad valorem. If it comes in under the class-
ification of band and hoop iron it would come
in at 1J oent8 per pound or l£ cents or If cents
per pound. The highest rate on band and hoop
iron under the old law is 1} cents per pound.
Gentlemen say it ought to bear a higher rate
becaase it is manufactured. It is merely cut,
and it may be fastened with this buckle or with
a rivet. Much of it is fastened together with
mere rivets. It is not such a manufactured srti -
ale 48 should bear a high tariff. I hope the
proposition of the fentieuan will be agreed
to, although I think myself it is one quarter of a
cent higher than it ought to be.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think if the Committee
of the Whole shall come to understand this
matter properly they frill find very little diffi-
culty in disposing of it in the right, manner.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Looan] says
there are no cotton ties made in this country.
The reason for that is very obvious. We man-
ufacture the hoop iron out of which cotton ties
are made, but the duty on hoop iron is higher
than the duty on cotton ties, for a reason which
I will state. When die present tariff on hoop
iron was established there were no hoop iron
cotton ties in use in this country, at least not
to any great extent. Cotton ties were an
article not generally known, and wore not
mentioned in the tariff law. There is a gen-
eral provision in the law that nnenumerated
manufactures of iron shall be subject to a duty
of 35 per cent, ad valoreitt. The hoop iron of
whieh cotton ties are made is taxed li, 1|,
and If cents per pound, according to thick-
ness, which duty is higher than that on cotton
ties under the head of " unenumerated manu-
factures of iron," and thus operates as a dis-
crimination against the cotton-tie inanafacture
in this country.
Mr. LOGAN. Is there any difficnlty at all
in the way of our manufacturers making these
cotton ties?
Mr. MAYNARD. None in the world, ex-
cept that the duty is lefts on th6 cotton tie after
its minufacture than upon the hoop iron before
it is So manufactured. A discrimination is
made against the manufacture of cotton ties in
this country. The price of cotton ties along
the sea-board is 8 cents per pound. But when
they get into the interior, ns my ftiend from
the northwestern portion of Alabama [Mr.
Dox] tells me, they are sold for 14 cents per
pound.
Mr. BUCKLEY. In my own city of Mont-
gomery they are sold for 7 cents per pound.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thirty-five per cent, of
7 cents is 2^/jj- cents. Bui they are under-
valued upon the Importer's invoices, as every-
thing else is that is imported under an ad
valorem duty,
Mr. PERCE. Is not the cotton tie further
protocted by a patent upon the tie itself?
Mr. MAYNARD. One kind of cotton ties
is patented in this country. That shows still
more the enormity of this whole thing. An
American has a patent-right for making what
is called the "arrow tie," patented in 1861.
Instead of manufacturing it in this country he
goes abroad and has it manufactured in Eng-
land, and it is then brought into this country
at a duty of 85 per cent, ad valorem, o.tid at
an undervaluation, thus Operating against the
American manufacturer, whichin myjndgment
ought not to be done. We have thought there
should be a duty of 1J cents per pound put upon
the hoop iron of which these ties are made, and
also that the manufactured ties made of this
hoop iron ought at least to pay a little higher
duty than that charged upon the raw material
out of which they are manufactured. There
is no injustice in this, because when these tiea
are put upon the bale they are sold as cotton.
They are bought as iron at 7 cents per pound
and sold as cotton at 25 cents per pound.
Mr. LOGAN. How is it with hay, which is
cheaper than iron ? No profit is made upon
the hoop-iron ties used in baling hay.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is true. But the
amount of hay baled with these iron ties I
undertake to say is very inconsiderable. But
evety bale of cotton requires some seven ties,
and each tie weighs from two to three pounds,
for there is an interest iu having the ties as
heavy as possible; and as there are some two
or three million bales of cotton put up every
year, att immense amount of iron is required
for tiei, as gentlemen can very readily cal-
culate,
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to make the duty I*} cents per pound;
and upon a division there were—ayes 38, noes
68; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; hnd Mr; logan and
Mf. Scofield were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 58, noes 60.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend so as to
make the duty l£ centi per pound; I do this
for the purpose of making a few remarks upon
the tariff generally, and updu this gpecitic item
of hoop iron or cotton ties in particular. It
has been stated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that this iron tie is
a new invention. I wish to say that within
my own knowledge it was in use very exten-
sively prior to the recent war, as far back as
twelve years ago. It has been said also that
this article is not manufactured in the United
States. From this assertion I also dissent.
It is manufactured here now and has been for
years past. It is an article used very exten-
sively not only in the southern States for the
baling at cotton, but in the West for baling
Wool, and in our principal cities for the baling
of rags, and various other purposes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us where in this country these cotton ties are
manufactured?
Mr. ROGER8. I cannot; but I will state
upon my veracity as a gentleman of business
that they are manufactured in this country,
that they were used previous to the war, that
