140
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Radical doctors, like other sick men have done,
by the inherent strength of its own constitu-
tion.
I do not favor sudden changes. Festina
lente is a wise maxim for Governments as well
as individuals, and reforms to be wholesome
must be gradual. This is one of the sources
of the strength of the English Government,
from whom it is wise that we should borrow
lessons of experience. Their reforms havg
been gradual and not sudden, so that the peo-
ple of that country have had timely warning
and opportunity to accommodate their affairs
to meet the proposed alterations in the govern-
mental system.
I do not favor the national banking system.
I would never have created it, and desire to see
it abolished as soon as possible, but not ruth-
lessly, not suddenly, not unjustly. I consider
that the national banks have had an advantage
at the cost of the public at large undue and
unfair; that upon the currency alone we have
given them they have been receiving as a
free gift from the American people some
$20,000,000 per annum since the day of
their creation. I think it is time this 'should
cease. I hero ask leave to read an extract on
this subject from a letter lately received by me
from an intelligent and highly respected citizen
of the town of Smyrna, in my own State, who
has been long familiar with the practical oper-
ations of banking. In speaking of the debates
that occurred in Congress upon the bill to
extend $45,000,000 of currency to southern
aud western banks, by retiring that amount of
the three per cent, certificates, he says:
"Few of thoso who ongaged in thatdobato, if any,
appoared as apologists or friends of the national
banking act, and yot they voted to perpetuate the
system which it inaugurated. The inference is that
it is tho intention of Congress to abandon tilo cur-
rency to tiie national banks just as soon as they shall
be ablo to withdraw by any means tho legal tenders
from circulation. Whatthen? Of thcnational banks
doubtless a majority are managed by parties who
will bo found unable to sustain the pressure which
that course would entail upon thom.and widespread
demoralisation of thocurreney must result, equal to
that of Gonoral Jackson's pet bank scheme. Mr.
Cameron*, although ot large expononco as a banker,
will probably find that ne erred widely when he
announced that tho' banks would sustain specie pay-
ments if cut loose from tho Government. The na-
tional bauks wont iuto operation under the fostering
care of tho Government; thoy made largo profits, but
their circulation has never given them any troublo
cxcept to get it. When the Government ceases its
iostcring care, and notes begin to return upon them
for payment in coin, they must feel the difference,
and many of them yield to it, and anew system must
bo inaugurated. Tho bost interests of the country
demand of Congress two things, which have perhaps
a moro strict union in fact than is ordinarily under-
stood. Thoso aro—
" Fii s t, thaL the currency (money for use by tho wholo
peoplo, or a measuro of values for all commodities)
should bosottlcd upon astablo basisof gold andsilvcr,
or that which every man may rely on safely as their
representative. This was furnishod by tho sound
State banks beforo the war, but the circulution of
Stato banks was restricted, and had no character
where they were not known. Thoy woro stricken
down to make way for lo^al tenders and national
bank notes, which have a circulation of equal credit
throughout the country. Now, it is hold that one, and
the favorito branch of that circulation, must bo with-
drawn in order that the other may resume spo io pay-
ment. Experience will test tho practicability of this
course in a very short time comparatively. If it suc-
ceed, all well; if it fail, where are we? There are
many objections to tho emissionof paper by the Gov-
ernment to be used as money; butif tho right exist
uudcr a just and proper interpretation of tho Con-
stitution of the United States those objections must
bo waived to secure tho greatest blessing to the
greatest numbei,anational cuirency, redeemable in
coin, receivable for all Government dues, and com-
pctentto pay allthe debts duefrom the Government.
Thiscan he lound in ourpresent legal tenders when-
ever Congress shall determine to resume spoeie pay-
ments. having first purged the circulation of all else
than legal tenders. The whole §700,000,000 now re-
quired to tiansact the business of the people of the
United States can be carried as speeie-paying circu-
lation, backed by the crcdit of tho country, on a pro-
vision ot com equal to one tenth the amount of it.
Perhapsnot oncinan in athousandwilleverdemand
coin, except in small sums for change, if there be
perfect confidence in tho redemption of any amount
on demand. Many years must elapse before specie
payments will be resumed in any other way.
"Second, that the tariff should be arranged per-
manently for revenue with such incidental protec-
tion as may be just to all interests. Permanency in
the tariff and in that commodity which measures
values is tho one thing needful. If we receive our
own notes in payment of duties, on what can we rely
for means to pay com for interest on bond s ? We pay
coin for such interest when we pay notes redeemable
in coin; but further, millions on millions of coin will
in the course of years be thrown into circulation,
when it is found to be a fixed fact that gold bears no
premium and is of no more value than Government
notes; and what is thrown into circulation must
find its way into the national Treasury, and coins
must accumulate there after all demands (for inter-
est) have been met. On the score of utility, of econ-
omy, of providing for the people that which they
want, of permanency in the currency, indeed of every
public interest, recall not the legal tenders, but na-
tional bank notes, from circulation, and have but
one currency, and that the best, for the use of the
people."
Sir, these comments of a very sensible, ex-
perienced man with slight exceptions meet my
full concurrence. I believe that with a return
to specie payments we shall have currency in
abundance, now withheld for want of confidence.
Gold and silver will no longer be articles of
merchandise. We no longer shall have our
country disgraced and demoralized by those
occasional gold conspiracies such as we saw
last summer in the city of New York ; but that
which was used for the purpose of dishonest
speculation, of embarrassing the Government,
or embarrassing the mercantile community and
keeping up a most discreditable system of
speculation, shall fall into its proper use as
currency and stand as security for that paper
which is such a useful assistant and conven-
ience in the affairs of mankind when it is
promptly, easily, and certainly convertible into
money of value. By gradually withdrawing this
national bank currency altogether and remov-
ing the ten percent, tax now imposed on State
bank issues we shall have gold and silver, or a
secured currency convertible into gold and
silver, which will be a fixed, permanent basis
for all debts and loans, public as well as pri-
vate. When this shall be done the credit of our
currency will enable us to place our bonds as
low as or lower than any nation on the globe ;
for resources capable of producing such a
result will not only excite the wonder of the
world, but insure its confidence in the country
which controls them.
Now, sir, to do all this we must pull together—
all sections, all parts, all parties. The course
of treatment pursued by Congress toward the
States of the South, if it had no other objec-
tion, if in the natural sense of justice, of pro-
fessed reunion, of good feeling, it could not be
approved, certainly must be objected to upon
the colder, lower, baser ground of simple self-
interest. Justice to the South is expediency
as well as right. Let those people be treated
by you as your brethren. Let your revilings
of them cease. Teach them by treating them
justly to love you and trust you, and then your
credit will be their credit, and your strength
will be their safety and their protection.
Why, sir, what has it cost to be unjust to the
South? I leave aside that unassessable debt,
that immeasurable debt that comes from your
rejections of their offers of reunion and good
feeling; but I am simply speaking of the money
cost of this business. And this is but a small
fraction of the real loss to you and them, because
the moneys expended upon your Army in treat-
ing this people with injustice and keeping them
out of your councils and preventing them from
controlling their own domestic affairs has not
only been enormously expensive to the rest of
the country, but has prevented them from
reestablishing that prosperity which war had
prostrated butwhieh their energies, trained and
stimulated by the severe trials to which they
had been subjected, would soon have built up.
I find in the report of the Treasurer of the
United States for the year 3869 a summary of
the cost to the American people of your mili-
tary expenditures. The war ceased in the spring
of 1865. There never was a man in arms against
the authority of the United States after the
month of June of that year. I believe the date
of the proclamation which has been fixed by
the Supreme Court of the United States in their
adjudication of claims is July 20, 1866 ; and
yet in 1866 the military expenditures of the
United States amounted to $284,449,701 82;
in 1867 to $95,224,415; and then, thanks to
your system of "reconstruction," in 1866 that
expense had swelled again to $128,906,351.
Sir. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will
allow me to make a correction there.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The aggregates the Sen-
ator is giving include large masses of debt,
especially bounties. I have had occasion to
look at the figures for the Army separately
from the mass of floating indebtedness, un-
liquidated debt, and I find the amount was
vastly reduced from the the figures he has given.
The Senator is quoting correctly from the offi-
cial documents the figures, but they include
all those expenditures growing out of the war
which were in the nature of unliquidated debt.
There was one item of $78,000,000 for bounties
and back pay in two of the years the Senator
quotes.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not before quote the
Army expenses of 1865, which reached the
fearful sum of $1,031,323,360 79. As the war
closed in the spring of that year I presume the
sum stated might reasonably include the items
of " unliquidated debt" and " bounties." No
bounties were given after the fall of Richmond,
in April, 1865, and yet from 1866 until 1870
the average sums paid annually for and on ac-
count of the United States Army, less repay-
ments, was, according to the statements of the
Treasurer, $147,263,754. The total so spent
in those four years has been $589,055,012, and
by far the greater portion for the purpose of
harshly and unjustly holding the southern States
in thralldom.
Surely this should be stopped, and stopped at
once, and we should find our safety, and I am
sure we would find our safety and our protec-
tion, not in this mailed hand that you have
placed in the southern States, but in the will-
ing hearts of the southern people themselves
when they are once convinccd of the fact that
the Government of the United States gives
them the right to manage their State affairs
under the protection of the Constitution, with-
out the bullying of military men or the impert-
inence of characterless political adventurers.
Now, sir, this bill contains another feature
which I protest against upon the ground of
principle, and that is, that expressly these
bonds, by section four, "shall be exempt from
all taxation by or under State, national, muni-
cipal, or local authority." So far as the lan-
guage "State, municipal, or local authority"
is concerned, it is mere surplusage. We know
well that no authority except that of the Fed-
eral Government can impose a tax upon the
national bonds. Therefore these words are
useless; but consider this other question and
the principle involved in affirmatively exempt-
ing these bonds representing so much accumu-
lated wealth from any future taxation. What
is taxation ? Nothing in the world but the con-
tribution by any portion of the population or
property of the country to the cost of govern-
ing the whole. The necessities of the United
States may not require that these bonds or
their interest should ever be taxed at all. I
believe that in all the issues of our bonds prior
to tho present revolution such a phrase of
exemption cannot be found in any law creating
such loans. It has been inserted since tho war
for the purpose of giving affirmatively a new
ground of credit to these issues, and yet I am
unwilling to see it adopted. I do not mean to
say that we anticipate any taxation of these
bonds, but I am unwilling to give my consent
to a measure that shall esempt any portion of
