4930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28.
tariff question by principle. Without being
interested in the manufacturing of the country,
without having any capital invested in it, the
sentiment has prevailed there that the manu-
facturers of the country should have some pro-
tection; that at least, as long as revenue was
necessary for the support of the Government,
the revenue laws should be so arranged as to
afford them such protection as was right and
just under the circumstances. If, however,
our friends propose to strike clown this growing
interest, small though it may be now, but which,
if properly stimulated, is going to be one of
millions upon millions to the people whom I
represent—it is in the very heart of my State,
the richest portion of it, not only in minerals,
but in agriculture, and in every oilier regard—
if they propose now, when this small interest
of ours comes in competition with them, to
strike us down, then they make a bid to West
Virginia and the interests represented there to
send three Representatives and two Senators
here who will be free-trade men from this time
forth, because people cannot always act upon
theory. They will not always be stimulated
by theories and simply actuated by principle,
as we call it; but they will look to their own
interest. If that which is absolutely necessary
to the bringing in of capital and to the invest-
ment of capital in our region is to he stricken
down by those whom we have heretofore be-
friended and supported in the protection of
their interests, there is nothing loft to us but
to take that course which results as an absolute
necessity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from West Virginia that
he has already spoken twenty minutes, and de-
bate is limited to five minutes ; but the Chair
does not desire to arrest him.
Mr. BOREMAN. I did not intend to make
a speech. I wished merely to make a state-
ment of facts, and to call the attention of our
friends to the position of this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not arrest the Senator. He will continue if he
desires. No point is made by any Senator.
Mr. BORE MAN. I will not consume further
time on this subject. There are other gentle-
men probably who wish to make some remarks
upon it-
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a word in
reply to some of the arguments of the Senator
from West Virginia, and I will endeavor not
to exceed my live minutes.
The Senator says that the bituminous coal
of West Virginia and Pennsylvania is used in
gas works and factories, principally in making
gas and making steam, and therefore the duty
on it does not increase the price of coal used
in families ; that it does not, in fact, come in
competition with coal that is used in families,
nor increase the price. I think that is rather
anon sequilur; but., nevertheless, I think the
Senator will admit that if the coal which is used
for making gas and for making steam in fac-
tories costs $125 more per ton in one case than
in the other the price of the product of those
factories and the price of the gas made by the
coal will vary somewhat. I take it a statement
of the case is a complete refutation of the argu-
ment that this does not make the article in
which the consumption of this coal is concerned
more expensive. j
But the Senator says that the duty does not |l
raise tiie price of the coal, and he brings us j|
statistics to show it. He tells us that at thetime ||
when the reciprocity treaty was in force, when, j|
therefore, there was no duty on the bituminous l[
coal which is brought in from the British prov- |i
inces, coal was even higher, sometimes one !j
hundred per cent, higher, than it is now with
the duty at $1 26. I ask whetherthat was not
due to two causes: first, to the difference in
the value of tbe currency ; and second, to the
immense demand there was for Government
use?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to I
the Senator from South Carolina that the price
remained the same at Pietou through the
whole period. It did not change twenty-five
cents a ton, I believe.
Mr. SAWYER. The price in the, United
States varied and was raised very much. But,
sir, this is a queer kind of a tax, which is im-
posed upon an article at tbe rate of SI 25 a
ton, and yet nobody pays it and nobody feels
it! The truth is the duty on bituminous coal
is felt in every branch of manufacture almost
iu the United States. It is felt in eveiy family
that uses fuel, and it is a tribute which the
whole United States pay to the producers. I f,
as the Senator from West Virginia has asserted,
the abolition of the duty when the reciprocity
treaty was in force really raised the price, I
want to know what objection he has to its
being taken off now? It, is only proposed to
take off half of it.
Mr. BOREM AN. Probably the Senator did
not listen to what I said. The gentlemen in
Nova Scotia interested in the production of
this coal when the reciprocity treaty took
effect, reduced the price of their coal for the
time, until they crushed out those who were
mining in the interior of our own country, and
when they had abandoned their mines, then
they raised the price.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President,, it all resolves
itself into this: the duty is desired to be kept
up on this coal, to keep other coal out of the
market which can be furnished to compete
with it. That is the whole sum and substance
of it. The West and the whole country is to
continue to pay this tax to support not merely
the bituminous coal interest, but the anthra-
cite coal interest, too, because the cheapening
of the one cheapens the other. It is to pay a
tribute of which the country has already paid
too much. Itis time that this duly was reduced
in amount. The people ask for a reduction of
this duty on coal; and instead of the coal
interest complaining that It is reduced from
SI 25 to fifty cents, they ought to feel satisfied
that it is not put upon the lree list.
Mr. SCOTT. I am entirely aware of the
impatience with which the Senate listens to
any protracted debate, as signified by its adop-
tion of the five-minutes rule. I shall endeavor
to not go over any of the ground that has been
occupied by the Senator from West Virginia on
this question.
But, sir, I desire to call attention to that
portion of the country which alone is affected
by this duty on bituminous coal. The bitumin-
ous coal that lies in the basin west of the Alle-
ghanies finds its market entirely in the West,
in the valley of the Mississippi, and iu the sur-
rounding regions of the West, except that por-
tion of the bituminous coal which goes to the
eastern market for the purpose of the manu-
facture of gas. Tnc bituminous coal upon the
eastern slope of the Alleghanius and in the
Broad Top region, which corresponds with the
Cumberland coal in Maryland, furnishes that
portion of the bituminous coal that is used for
the generation of steam in manufactures and
iu navigation. One railroad, the Pennsylvania
railroad, which runs from those regions to
Philadelphia, carried last year two million
three hundred thousand tons of that coal, used
in the interior of Pennsylvania and upon the
Atlantic sea-board. When you go to West
Virginia, to the Piedmont region, and to the
Cumberland region in Maryland, that coal
finds its market to die Atlantic at this point,
at Georgetown. It comes down the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, and finds a market to
the Atlantic here.
So, sir, the whole western region is not
affected by thisquestion of competition with the .
bituminous coai; for if coal can come into !
this country from any place, that place is Nova |
Scotia alone, and it is only that portion of the 1
country which can be reached by the coal from j
Nova Scotia that can be at all affected by this j
competition. What portion of the country is 1
that? It is not the West. They are not affected
by this question at all; but it is simply New
York, to a slight extent, and New England.
Now, sir, the figures which have been given
by the Senator from West Virginia show that
from the time the reciprocity treaty ended
down to the present time, instead of this duty
of $1 25 upon coal, requiring the people of
Boston to pay more than they paid while the
reciprocity treaty was in force, the price of the
coal is to-day less than it was during that time.
That being the case, the real question divides
itself into two heads ; first, shall this country
lose the revenue which is collected on about
four hundred thousand tons of Nova Scotia
coal that is brought in each year? Second,
shall we, by taking off this duty, develop Nova
Scotia instead of developing West Virginia,
Maryland, and Pennsylvania?
As I have already said, it is New England
and a portion of New York that is asking
for this duty to be taken off, that the Nova
Scotia coal may be made that much cheaper.
I must join with my friend from West Virginia
iu expressing surprise that they who have
heretofore always taught us the doctrine of
protection, who have always taught us that onr
home industries were to be developed, even if
we paid a higher price for the product than we
could get it from abroad; they who can look
abroad and see their factories spreading pros-
perity around them, and who uiust remember
that every stone iu the foundation of their fac-
tories, and every brick and timber in their
superstructure has been put there by protec-
tion ; that they who to-day ask for protection
on their manufactures, on their cotton and
woolen goods, on their ships, on.their engines,
on all their notions, even down to the eyelets
in this bill, should come now and ask that this
duty shall be taken off, even if it were to get
them coal cheaper than they say they can get
it under the existing state of the tariff; whereas
the figures show that it cannot be obtained any
cheaper than it was before the tariff was put on.
Sir, let me say here that West Virginia and
Maryland are much more interested iu this
question than Pennsylvania. We can better
afford to do without this duty than they can.
Nova Scotia coal has to come further to reach
us than it has to reach them in competition.
But if this idea be carried to its legitimate
effects, if the imposition of this tariff brings in
Nova Scotia coal insteadof West Virginia and
Maryland coal, the consequence is, not simplv
the loss of the duty on coal, but if you cease
to carry these twenty-three hundred thousand
tons on one railroad, and eight or nine hun-
dred. thousand tons on another railroad, you
diminish the revenues of those roads ; you take
away from them their power to contribute to
the revenues of the Government, and you strike
off $500,000 in one direction, and probably
one or two hundred thousand dollars in anothe'r
direction for you cannot diminish the pro-
duction of any industrial interest in our midst
without at the same time diminishing the rev-
enues ol the Government as it is now admin-
istered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Pennsylvania that he
has now spoken six minutes.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well, sir; I do not desire
to violate the rule.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope the
Senator from Pennsylvania will be allowed to
conclude his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland moves that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania be allowed to conclude his remarks.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
1 lie Senator from Pennsylvania will resume.
Mr. SCOTT. I am obliged to the Seriate
for their indulgence. I am as economical of
time as any member of the Senate, and I do
not desire to occupy unnecessary timein debate.
But, sir, this is an industry ia which my State
feels to some extent an interest. It is one in
