3042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27
I have bought *nd Bold cotton baled in 'them
prior to the war and since the war. So much
for the judgment of the Committee of Ways
and Means upon this subject. Now, what is
this article ? It is simply hoop iron with a curl
iwit so that the ends of two pieces catch one
into the other, and the iron is thus secured
around the cotton. There are, I believe, sbme
three or four patents in connection with these ,
cotton ties. Some of them are fastened with
a little button and screw, so as to secure the
bale of cotton very compactly. Now, in view
of the usefulness of this article, I submit to the
House whether it is proper that it should be
taxed 2} cents or even 2 cents a pound simply
because it is used for the purpose of packing
cotton in the South. I do not mean to say that
the committee propose to impose this addi-
tional tax because of the utility of the article j
in the South, but I believe they have been led
into an error. The utility of this article is not
confined to the people of the South, but ex-
tends to those of the West, and I may say to
the whole country. This article, as I have
remarked, is nothing more nor less than hoop
iron. Why should three quarters of a cent
additional be imposed upon it simply because
it undergoes this manufacturing process which
curls the ends so that the iron can be used
more readily for the purposes intended ?
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to know the thick-
ness of this iron, because that will control my
vote. Is it less than No. 20 wire gauge or
above that?
Mr. ROGERS. It is about that. j
Mr. ALLISON. Then the present duty is
cents. If it is above No. 20 wire gauge,
then the duty is 1} cents.
Mr. ROGERS. I never measured it; but
it is quite a thin iron. Now, I ask why should
this article be taxed 2 cents a pound when
hoop iron is taxed only li cents a pound?
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say a word,
that the facts in connection with this matter
may be fully understood, and then I have not
much doubt what the vote will be. The gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] says
that these cotton ties have, within his knowl-
edge, been made for the last ten or twelve
years. That is certainly extraordinary, inas-
much as I hold in my hand a communication
from the importers in which they tell me that
the patent first issued for the making of these
ties was in 1857 ; but that the invention then
made was soon cast aside, the present patent
for fastenings being adopted in 1861.
Hoop iron was used for this purpose ten or
twelve years ago, it being imported, and pay-
ing whatever was the ordinary duty ; but at
that time rivets were not used. The improve-
ment by the application of rivets wag, as I
have remarked, made in 1857. The'tontriv-
ance is a sort of buckle. But that not being
found to work satisfactorily, another invention
was introduced in 1861, which is now nsed.
Now, what is the state of the facts? Hoop
iron comes in at 1J, 1£, and If cents.
Mr. ROGERS. As far back as 1858 a tie
was used with a catch for holding the ends of
the iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; but itwas m de
by those who used the hoop iron for baling;
and on the importation of the iron the regular
duty was paid. That is what I am talking
about. After the invention of what is called
the arrow tie they began to send abroad and
to have the hoop iron cut np into lengths fit
for use with this patented invention of arrow
tie. When they came to be presented at the
custom-house it was asked what is this; ia it
hoop iron? It is not described in the tariff;
what is it, then? It falls under the general
catch-all provision of 35 per cent, ad Valorem
upon all non-ennmerated articles. Thus they
got the manufactured article of hoop iront cut
into lengths fit for use, at the rate of 35 per
cent, ad valorem. They are bringing it in at
If cents per pound.
I say that it is If cents per pound. Why?
Because that is the tariff on the thinnest kind.
Gentlemen from Texas who deal in cotton, and
all gentlemen who deal in cotton, know that
they use the thinnest. Why? Because there
is no tare on cotton bales, and the purchasers
of cotton would complain if you were to use
the thicker and clumsier iron.
Mr. CONNER. The gentleman saya there
is no tare on cotton. There is none in the
American market.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNER. Does not the gentleman
know that there is a tare in the Liverpool
market, which controls the cotton market of
the world? In that market on which our trade
depends there is a tare.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is an evasion of the
question. This does not affect that foreign
market at all. Now, since the gentleman pro-
poses it, I challenge any dealer in cotton on
this floor to deny this fact, that while he pays
7 cents per pound now for his cotton ties—that
is the average, I think, as the gentleman from
Alabama can say—he gets, as he sells without
tare, when cotton is 25 cents per pound, 25 cents
per pound for the iron he bought at 7 cents.
He gets 18 cents profit.
Mr. CONNER. There is a tare in Liver-
pool.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal from the gentle-
man, whd was an officer iu the Army, and not a
cotton-dealer, to the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Clarke] and other gentlemen who are
dealers in cotton. I say that there is no tare
in the United States.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I beg the pardon of the
gentleman from Ohio. He is wrong if he says
that the price of cotton in Liverpool does not
control the price of cotton in this country..
Mr. SCHENCK. I am talking about the
planter and the man who buys and trades with
the planter. The outcry is that this is against
the t'reedmen and those who raise the cotton.
I tell you, sir, that those who sell cotton in this
country get the. price of cotton per pound for
every pound of this iron, and it would be to their
interest that the thickest kind of iron should
be used; but it is objected to because there is
no tare here, and the consequence is that the
thinnest is used; and the thinnest being used
it comes in now at the duty of If cents per
pound. What we propose is that, being cut
into lengths to avoid the duty, it shall pay one
quarter of a cent more.
Mr. SHERROD. There is a tare on cotton
sold in Liverpool taken off. The price in the
United States is controlled by the price in Liv-
erpool. We approximate that price. Conse-
quently, while we have no tare here, in so many
words, yet there being tare in Liverpool, the
effect is in reality to make a tare here.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is only taking up my
time without altering the facts.
[Here the hammer fell,]
The question recurred on Mr. Rogers's
amendment.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CONNER. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I believe the disposition of the
House is to reduce, this rate of duty. As I
understand, the) present tariff on cotton ties is
about 1J cents per pound, or 35 per cent, ad
valorem. The amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] which I have
renewed, should commend itself to the favor-
able consideration of the House, because it
implies a reduction which corresponds with
that already made by the House on other arti-
cles of trade.
. It has been suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois that there were none of these cotton
ties made in this country. If so, why . then
wish to put any duty on them at all? As I
understand, in levying a tariff for revenue the
object is to make it fall as heavily as possible
on luxuries that are consumed by the non-
producing wealth of the country. But in this
instance these ties, not being manufactured
here, the duty upon them is a tax laid upon
the industry, the labor, the toiling millions of
the South, who produce your cotton, and upon
the farmers in the West, who raise your hay.
But it has been suggested that these articles
are produced in this country. If that be true,
| there cannot be more than three or four estub-
1 lishmentsengagedintheirmanufacture. Heuoe
you see the contest is between the producers
of 3,000,000 bales of cotton and three or four
Pennsylvania manufacturers. In all such con-
tests you will find me advocating the cause of
| my people and fighting the battles of labor
when arrayed against capital. I have boen
' very much astonished at the action taken by thg.
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaiid.]
Had I been a spectator in the gallery 1 would
have taken hiin for a lawyer admitted to the
floor of the House to plead the cause of the
iron-men of Pennsylvania, ralher than a mem-
ber sent here to represent the interests of Ten-
nessee.
The question of tare has been referrpd to by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and that gentleman seems to lay great
stress upon the fact that in the markets of New
York and of thi3 country generally there is no
tare upon cotton. He seems to forget that the
cotton market of the world is controlled by
Liverpool and Manchester. There there is a
tare. And as the markets of our country depend
upon the prices there, anything thatafFects the
article in those markets affects it correspond-
ingly here. For instance, a decline of one
penny in Liverpool implies a corresponding
decline in New York, and vice versa. Hence
I am constrained to believe that this effort on
the part of some gentlemen to convince this
House and the country that we sell iron ties
| for 20, 25, or 30 cents per pound, while we
i purchase them for 6 or 7 cents, is a contempt-
ible and unworthy subterfuge.
| [Here the hammer fell.]
| enrolled bill signed.
| " Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having taken the chair,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee ort En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 1866) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes ; when the Speaker signed the same.
tariff bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the gentleman's
own amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman'
proceeds I would like to answer myself a ques<
tion which I propounded to him on the subject
of the manufacture of cotton ties in this coun-
try. I was aware that they had been manu-
factured, several years ago, both at Pittsburg
and in Boston; but that the parties engaged in
the business were obliged to suspend the man-
ufacture for reasons which I mentioned. But
I am informed by our friends from northern
Alabama that they are now manufacturing
these ties to some extent in every part of the
State. I was not aware of this, but I consider
it an additional reason why we should discrim-
inate so as to protect them.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, I did not
rise for the purpose of saying anything in oppo-
sition to the amendment, bat for the purpose
of calling the attention of the committee to
one or two points in connection with this sub-
ject. I am not in favor of making a tariff
which shall be for the benefit merely of this
or that particular locality. I desire to have a
tariff which shall be for the interest of our
common country, and which shall keep all the
interests of the country in view so far as it is
possible to group them together in a bill of this
