3986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
[Here the hammer fell.] The stamp tax is an
odious tax at the best.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to be driven
to move the previous question on this whole
section. But if debate on this first item is to
launch out in this manner I must ask the pre-
vious question to close debate on the whole
section. I will ask general consent that debate
be now closed on this clause.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want five minutes
before debate is closed.
Mr. SCHENCK. And every other gentle-
man will want five minutes. And if this debate
is to dwell along in this way I must call the
previous question.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I suppose that the same
gentlemen who " dwell along this debate," as
the gentleman says, can dispose of the pre-
vious question. They have some rights here.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course they can vote
it down ; I have only said I would move it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I object to the whip
being held over us in this way.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would suggest that we
take a recess to enable gentlemen on both
sides to hold a caucus and consult informally
upon this question, as it is rather embarrass-
ing to have all this go into the Globe. While
I am disposed to vote to strike out this tax, if
retaining it would injure the Republican party
I might vote to keep it in.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it, for the
purpose of saying that I am in favor of retain-
ing this provision requiring two-cent stamps
on bank checks.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is all that remains
of the clause now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a matter very
easily attended to. A man who has a bank book
generally has his stamps already put on his
checks; or if he has not he arranges with the
bank in some way to have them put on when
required. So far as I am concerned I have
not heard any outcry against these two-cent
stamps on bank checks. I have heard people
complain of the necessity of putting stamps on
their little receipts.
Mr. SCHENCK. Tbatpart is nowstruck out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But I have never
heard any complaints about stamps on bank
checks. And 1 wish also to say, in reply to
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
who gives us an array of figures by which he
proposes to extinguish the national debt within
a very brief period of years and have a surplus
left, that I know it is said that figures will not
lie; but combinations of figures can be made
to lie most fearfully.
Mr. SARGENT. That depends upon who
uses them ; mine do not lie.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Many most untrue
assertions are made by a system of combining
figures. Any such system which will show that
the national debt can be paid in a few years
will be found to lie, I am sure; for no allow-
ance is made for the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment in the mean time, for circumstances
which may arise to create another national
debt. A thousand circumstances may occur
in the history of the nation which may increase
our expenditures and augment our debt from
year to year. While my constituents are in
favor of reducing taxation as far as safely can
be done, I confess I am not in any very great
distress about our having too much money in
the .treasury. And until the people cry out
more loudly than they have hitherto done
against being taxed in the manner it is pro-
posed here to tax them, I am myself in favor
of retaining this clause in the bill.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Farnsworth was
withdrawn.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Stouqiitox.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Griswold to strike out the paragraph
as amended, which was read, as follows :
Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of any
sum of money whatsover drawn upon any bank,
banker, 01- trust company, two cents.
On the motion there were—ayes 57, noes 56;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Woodward
and Mr. Schenck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 65, noes 73.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. STILES called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 85, not voting
65 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Bcaman, Bcatty, Bcck,
Bennett, Biggs. Bingham, Bird, Burchard, Burr,
Cleveland, Cofaurn, Cook, Cox, Crcbs, Cullom, Davis,
Degener, Dickinson, Dookery, Duval, Ferriss. Fitch,
Getz, Griswold, Ilaight, Iiamill, Harris, Ilawley,
Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill. Holman, Hotehkiss, Inger-
soli, Johnson, Judd,Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Keteliam,
Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Mayham, McKce,
McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Niblack,
Orth, Packard, Potter, Randall, Beeves, Sargent,
Sherrod, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Townsend, Trim-
ble, Van Auken, William B. Washburn, Wells,Whit-
more, Eugene M.Wilson,Wood, and Woodward—-80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Ben-
ton, Blair, Boies,Booker, George M. Brooks, Bufhn-
ton, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, William T. Clark,
Conger, Dawes, Donley, Ela, Farnsworth, Finkeln-
burg. Fisher, Qilfillan, Hale, Hawkins. Hoar, Hooper,
Jcnckcs, Kclluy, Knapp, Lafliu, Lewis, Lougliridge,
Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McKenzic, Mercur, Miines, Daniel J. Mor-
rcll, Myers, Newsbam, O'Neill, Packer,Paine,Peck,
Potcrs, Phelps, Piatt, Pomoroy, Rice.Ridgway, Saw-
yer, Schenck, ScoQeld. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith,William Smyth,Stokes, Strickland,
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, T\vieholi,Tyner,Van
Horn, Wallace, Welkor, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, John T.Wilson,Winans, and Witeher—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Asfcell, Barnaul,
Barry, Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burdett,Benjamin F.Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clin-
ton l.Cobb,Conner,Covode, Cowles,Dickey, Dixon,
Dox, Dyer, Eldridge, Ferry, Fox, Garfield, Gibson.
Haldeman, Ilambloton, Hamilton, Ileaton, Iloge,
Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Lynch, McGrew, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Neg-
ley, Palmer, Perce, Poland, Porter, Prosser, ltogers,
Koots, Sanford, Schumaker, Shanks, Shober, Stark-
weather, Stevons, Strong, Swconoy, Upson, Van
Trump, Van Wyek, Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, and Winchester—05.
So the motion of Mr. Griswold to strike
out the paragraph was not agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution of the following title ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. SOI) to cor-
rect an error in the enrollment of a joint
resolution therein named.
mrssage prom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlik,
one of its clerks, announced that the President
of the United States having returned to the
Senate, in which it originated, the bill (S. No.
273 entitled "An act for the relief of Rollin
White," with his objections thereto, the Sen-
ate, in pursuance of the Constitulion, had
proceeded to reconsider the same, and had
repassed it, two thirds of the Senate agreeing
thereto.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur^
rence of the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 86) in regard to the sus-
pension of the sale of certain lands in Califor-
nia ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1977) to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for compensation
and mileage of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates from Territories for
the fiscal year euding June 30, 1870.
internal tax dill.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of line thirty-six, the following:
AH bills of exchange drawn in one State or Terri-
tory of the United States and payable in another
State or Territory, shall be deemed inland bills
within the meaning of this clause.
I call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the fact
that while the bill provides for inland bills of
exchange and for foreign bills payable out of
the United States, yet; by accident or other-
wise, there is an omission of that class of bills
drawn in one State and payable in another.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. In line twenty-four I move
to strike out the word "not;" in line thirty-
three the word "one" and insert in lieu
thereof " two and in line thirty-five strike
out "one" and insert " two;" so it will read :
Bill of exchange (inland) draft, or order for the
payment of any sum of money exceeding $100, other-
wise than at sight or on demand, or any promissory
note, (except bank-notes issued for circulation, and
cheeks made and intended to be forthwith presented,
and which shall be presented to a bank or banker
for payment,) or any memorandum, check, reccipt,
or other written or printed evidence of an amount
of money to be paid on demand, or at a time desig-
nated, for a sumnot exceeding$200, five cents. And
for every additional $100, or fractional parts thereof,
in excess of $200, five cents.
The purport of this amendment will be that
receipts, bills of exchange, and promissory
notes executed by parties under the sum of
$100 will not be taxed with this five-cent rev-
enue stamp, while for all sums between $100
and $200 this five-cent stamp will have to be
attached to the paper. I do not think we
ought to exempt this class of paper entirely
from payment of this stamp tax, but it does
seem to me we ought to do away with the
annoyance of compelling people to put stamps
upon these very small pieces of paper. If we
put this tax on notes over $100 people will
not complain. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
45. noes 46; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and appointed Mr. Welker and Mr.
Peters.
The House again divided; and the tollers
reported—ayes 08, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
twentieth section of this bill.
Mr. WELKERi I propose to amend the
paragraph, which I presume takes precedence
of the motion to strike out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion
is in order ; but it does not take the gentleman
from Indiana off the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have bat a few words to
say. My amendment includes the striking out
of the whole of schedule B, the general stamp
tax. It is proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means, as indicated by the chairman, that
our taxes should be reduced some $33,000,000.
It seems to me there is nothing which will so
much inure equally to the advantage of the
whole country as striking out this entire stamp
feature of the internal revenue law. I trust
gentlemen representing constituencies here
have not forgotten the traditional hatred of
the American people to a stamp tax We cer-
tainly have not forgotten it 011 this side of the
House, and I trust gentlemen have not forgot-
ten it on the other side. If there is any one
tax intensely odious to the people, and which
they pay with the greatest reluctance, it is this
stamp tax, in whatever shape or form it is pre-
sented.
1 he revenue received under the section which
I propose to strike outwas $12,120,637 during
the last year, so that if this section is stricken
out our statute-books will be relieved from the
odium of a stamp tax, while we will have re-
duced the revenues of the Government a little
over twelve million dollars; one third of the
