1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3043
kind. Nor, sir, is it with a v w of making a
little capital at home that I get up here and
make remarks on a question of this sort. It
was stated & little while ago that these ironUea
Cet the same price as Uie cotton at home; in
other words, that when the cotton is sold at
•\)or 80 cents per pound, the same price is got
tor the iron ties used in packing the cotton.
That may be true; but suppose they could bay
the lies at 6 cents instead of" 8 ceuts, should
tbey not have the difference between the two
amounts? 1 say that they can be bought for 6
cents, any quantity of them. I have purchased
them no longer ago than last fall at 6 cents per
T opposed this item because this article was
made to bear an unequal burden as compared
with other articles of iron, and because the
proposition was therefore unjust, more espe-
cially to the section of country which I repre-
sent. And not only so, but I say it is an
injustice to the whole country to tax one sec-
tion for the benefit of another section. The
tariff ought to be constructed with a view to
rerenae, and it would at the same time give
that protection which such a tariff must neces-
sarily afford, without, however, being con-
structed in the interest of any particular class
of men in any particular section of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CON N Eli. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I renew it. I do so
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
committee to a single fact. These hoops are
made of the best iron and rolled very thin—
7 feet to the pound. A ton of 2,240 pounds,
at 7 feet to the ponnd, will produce 15,680 feet,
or hoop enough for putting around 224 bales
of cotton. Taking these hoops at 70 feel to
the bale it would cost 70 cents to wrap one
bale of cotton, and yet they sell it at the same
rate as cotton, which is 28 cents a pound. It
woald cost them for a bale 70 cents for hoops,
and they would get upon the sale- $2 80 for the
same hoops, selling them at the rate at which
cotton sells, making 228 per cent, profit upon
the hoops. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to make the duty If
cents per pound. 1 have heard a great many
gentlemen speak here in reference to cotton
hoops and all that sort of thing, and I dare say
they have all had more experience than I have,
hot what little I hare had I hope it will not be
offensive to the House for me to state. Shortly
after the war closed I happened to have some-
thing to do with purchasing and selling cotton
myself. 1 had something to do with raising
cotton. I raised fifty bales of cotton close to
where I live in Illinois, baled it, and shipped
it to New York, and sold it. I was also inter-
ested in the purchase of cotton and in shipping
and selling it in New York. And when gen-
tlemen tell me that these iron bands for baling
cotton and hay and rags and things of that
kind are a man a facta red article any more than
being cut in two with a cold-chisel, I tell them
tbey know nothing aboat it and I do know
something about it. They are merely cut to
certain lengths, and these buckles that are
talked about here are manufactured in this
country.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not say otherwise.
Mr. LOGAN. Yon did not say otherwise,
but the impression was left on the House that
the buckle is connected with the manufacture
of the hoops, and it is no such thing. The
hoop is a separate thing.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nakdJ who is so very learned on the subject of
iron bands, and hoops, and skirts, and wire, and
twisted rope, and everything on earth, knows,
if he knows anything about cotton—and he
ought to, being a southern man—that this hoop
iron which he talks of as a manufactured
article can be manufactured in a blacksmith's
shop as easily as anywhere with a cold-chisel
and a hammer. I want the House to under-
stand this matter, because I know what hoops
are. You may think my explanation is not
good because it does not come from the Com' |
raitteo of Ways and Means. But 1 have, per-
haps, had as much experience iu the hooping
ana baling of cotton as the gentleman Irora
Tennessee, and I expect a good deal more.
Now, these are the facts in reference to this
article, and I ask the House not to impose an
exorbitant duty on this iron because it happens
to be cut in certain lengths, so as to make the
hay balers and the cotton balers and the rag
balers pay a duty over and above that which
other men pay on mere hoop iron ; for that is
all there is of it. The committee have voted
down the proposition to make the duty 1} cents
per pound, which I renewed when the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Bcck] withdrew it.
I did it because I thought I knew something
about this thing, although I am not a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I move
now to make it 1} cents per pound, making it
equal to the duty on hoop iron.
When gentlemen talk about this being the
thinnest iron hoop they do not know what they
are talking about, because it is not. There is
a thinner hoop iron than the iron used for bal-
ing cotton ana hay and rags. There is the hoop
iron used for hooping buckets and articles of
that kind, which is a thinner class than the iron
used for baling hay and cotton. Every gentle-
man who has had any experience in the matter
knows this fact to be true.
If any gentlemen will read the old law they
will see that on hoop iron of a certain thick-
ness theduty islj cents per pound, on the next
thickness and a certain width 1} cents, and then
on the thinnest iron If cents. The thinnest
iron has the highest duty on it under the old
law. It is not the thinnest hoop iron. It is the
iron that pays 1J cents per ponnd under the old
law ; that is what it is. But inasmuch as the
Committee of the Whole has voted down the
proposition of 1} cents per pound, I ask that
it shall be placed at If cents per pound, which
under the old law is the rate of duty imposed
upon a more valuable kind of iron ths.n that
used in the manufacture of these cotton ties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
arrogate to myself any superior amount of
knowledge upon this or upon any other subject.
I feel my want of it probably as painfully as
any other gentleman in this House. But what-
ever views I entertain npon any Bubject I feel
it ray duty to express them, and I always en-
deavor to do so in language respectfnl and
deferential to other members of the House. I
atn not aware that I have said anything that
wonld justify the remarks that have just fallen
from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. If I have said anything in
the world offensive to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] I am totally-uncon-
scious of it. I may have talked earnestly, but
I certainly meant no offense. Because I said
I did not get my information from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that is not offens-
ive, I hope.
Mr. MAYNARD. All I have to say is that
I have heard of persons who were not always
mad when they looked ugly. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is an illustra-
tion of that himself.
Mr. MAYNARD. To. come back to the
subject of this paragraph. It reads, " on iron
hoops and on cotton ties made of hoop iron,
cat to lengths, all sizes and descriptions." It
will be seen that this includes not merely cot-
ton ties, bnt all iron hoops cut to lengths. The
reason why the committee thonght that article
should bear a heavier rate of duty is this: in
cutting hoop iron into lengths there is an amonnt
of waste material, beyond that of the iron as it
comes from the rolling-mill. Ends are cutoff,
which are lost, and are valueless except for
purposes of manufacture. Take for example
I ordinary hoop iron and cat it up into cotton
i ties, or into anything else that requires specific
| lengths, and the waste will be from 15 to 25
I per cent., as I understand, according to the
respective lengths. It is for that, reason tho
Committee of Ways and Means thought that
hoop iron cut into lengths, as well as cotton
ties, ought to pay a higher rate of duty than
hoop iron not cut into lengths. That is nil
there is in this matter. I think it is very easily
understood, even by one haviug a very limited
amount of information on the subject..
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Cannot
the hoop iron be drawn out into distinct and
specific lengths?
Mr. MAYNARD. It cannot, because when
you come to pass your iron between the rollers
it is not easy to fix the exact amount each time.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Mis^puri. I should
think it might be drawn out into such lengths
as to make a specific number of cotton ties,
for instance.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is invariably made
longer or shorter, as the case may be, owing
to the different amounts of iron placed between
the rollers, and owing to defects in the iron, &c.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope the amendment
to the amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. LOGAN. I will withdraw it if the
gentleman will renew it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will renew it. I wish
merely to call attention to the principal argu-
ment used here by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] in
favor of a high duty on this article. That
argument, as I understand it, is that the iron
with which cotton is hooped is sold at the rate
of 25 cents per ponnd, at the same price at
which the cotton is sold. It seems to me
that argument is not entitled to a great deal
of weight. I suppose every man when he buys
cotton pays for the cotton, and does not mean
to buy iron. He pays what he thinks the cot-
ton is worth. The iron does not enter into the
estimate at all. He does not pay a farthing
for the iron, but pays for the cotton, and the
iron is taken off and thrown away as utterly
worthless.
Mr. MAYNARD. It weighs, nevertheless.
Mr.GRISWOLD. Suppose it does; when the
cotton is sold in England the tare deducted on
each bale is eighteen pounds, and when it is
sold in this country it is sold with reference
to the tare deducted abroad. The purchaser
here knows that each bale will be rated at just
eighteen pounds less in England. That is
always taken into calculation, so that the seller
of the cotton really never gets a cent for the
iron with which the bale is hooped. It seems
to me it ought not to enter into the account at
all. Yet the principal argument used here iu
favor of raising the duty is that the producer
of cotton sells the iron with the cotton for 25
cents a pound. In point of fact he does not
do anything of the kind.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we are making a
great ado about a matter which is not very
large. All that the Committee of Ways and
Means want is that hoop iron when cut into
lengths abroad for use in this country, in order
to evade the duty on hoop iron, shall not come
in at a less rate than hoop iron. That is the
whole story. I admit that this is not much of
a manufacture. I never said that this tie
which I have exhibited to the House was man-
ufactured abroad. It is the invention, doubt-
less, of some ingenious Yankee. By meanB
of it hoop iron when cut into pieces is fastened
in very much the same manner as you would
fasten a strap round a trunk, this tie serving
in place of a buckle. As to the price at which
the iron is sold with tho cotton, all I meant to
say was that the planter has not much ground *
for complaint when he buys the iron at 7 cents
a pound and sells it at 25 cents a pound.
Mr. GRIS W OLD. He does not sell it at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I think the gentle-
man is mistaken. I simply wish to read from
a document which ought to have some weight,
for it comes from the agent of the arrow tie,
at Memphis, who imports two thirds of all the
iron that is used for this purpose in the couu-
