1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4931
■which the two States to which I have referred
have a very deep interest. We now say to our
friends from New England, who have taught
us this doctrine, who have asked us to stand
by them and come to t'neir support, we do not
■wish them to take such a course as to lead us
into heresy upon the very doctrine we have
learned from them. Are they ready for the
result that is to follow legitimately if there be
any purpose in taking off this duty on coal?
Are they willing that Nova Scotia shall still
belong to Great Britain, and for the purpose
of getting coal from Nova Scotia to Boston run
all the risks that would follow from the hun-
dreds of Alabamas which would swarm between
Boston and Nova Scotia in case of a war with
the country to which that little island belongs?
Do they wish to lead us to these conse-
quences ? Are our hundred thousand men in
Pennsylvania, in Maryland, and in West Vir-
ginia to be thrown idle, are they to cease min-
ing that Boston capital may go across the
water that intervenes between them and Nova
Scotia and develop Nova Scotia? And when
this comes, when we find our industries paral-
yzed, our miners out of employment, our cap-
italists who have developed these lands seek-
ing other avenues for the employment of their
capital, when our industries are prostrated
and we turn to see from whence the blow has
come, is it to be from our friends? Shall I
turn to the senior Senator from Massachusetts
when we stand over the body of our prostrate
industries and be compelled to exclaim, Et iu
Brute. ? Shall it come from him ? Shall I say
to my people that this is the doctrine that is
now taught us, and that we are following the
doctrine of our former teachers in seeking to
break down the protection which they ask?
Sir, we will not follow that teaching. We
stand upon the belief that in protecting those
articles which we can produce ourselves we
are not protecting capital, we are not imposing
burdens upon the people, but we are protect-
ing the labor that is necessary to develop all
the undeveloped resources in our land.
I do not wish to enter upon a discussion of
that broad question in the face of a rule which
limits debate to five minutes. I rose intend-
ing to confine myself to the five-minute rule.
There are other points of view in which I
should wish to present this question ; but there
may be others who desire to say something
upon it in the same interest; and for the pres-
ent I shall say no more, trusting that the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance will not he adopted.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, ever since
I was capable of forming an opinion upon the
subject of a tariff I have been in favor of the
principle of protection to our own manufactures
as a fundamental principle of national in depend-
ence. Until very recently, in the country where
I have had the fortune to live that has been
simply a sentiment, a theory, and until lately
a theory confined to very few. I never expect,
except for reasons that are not now at all
apparent to me, to abandon that principle;
but I am assured that that principle is not as
firmly fixed in the sentiments of the people of
West Virginia as it is in my own.
Now, sir, I put this matter upon a question
of good faith. Acting upon the established
policy of the Government we have recently
invited capital to our State to develop a new
industry. It has started with very promising
evidences of success. Capital is invested in
the production ot coal coal of a peculiar char-
acter. Under what circumstances have we
commenced this industry? I do not pretend
to say that if there were no debt upon the
country, if there were no occasion for raising
a revenue, I would still maintain that these
high duties on anything should be continued.
But, sir, does this proposition to reduce the
duty on this article come when there is no deot
on the country, and when there is a reduction
of the debt upon the country? No, sir; it
comes when the debt is heavier than it has
ever been almost since the origin of this policy
of protecting American industry.
Acting upon the established faith of the Gov-
ernment we have invited industry and invested
capital in the production of coal. And now,
when we have cleverly started, and found by
the severest economy and prudence, under ex-
isting laws, that we are able to transport our
coals to New England and New York, and can
barely m^ke upon the ton of coal we transport
from twenty-five to thirty cents and no more—
at this time I ask whether it is in good faith
for our New Eugland friends, by whom we
have stood in the darkest hours of their trial,
to strike down this new industry which they
have done so much to establish in our midst?
I say it would be a violation of the good faith
of this country to strike down this new industry
under existing circumstances.
The cry is that this duty must be reduced in
order to secure cheap fuel for the people, and
the Senator from South Carolina alleges that
the people have this extra duty to pay. Did
he think so awhile ago when he voted for re-
taining the old duties upon sugar ? Do not
the people pay the increased duties upon sugar?
Do not. the people pay the duties upon tea and
upon coffee, equally necessary to their comfort
and convenience ? Why, sir, we all know very
well that the duty more or less must necessa-
rily enter into the cost of the article to the
people. That is not denied. But in this case
I say there is an exception if there ever was
an exception.
The coals which we produce in West Vir-
ginia are principally used for manufacturing
gas: and 1 put it now to any honorable Sen-
ator to say whether the price of gas would-be
reduced one single farthing by the diminution
of this duty to fifty cents per ton ? It would
not vary it one particle.
Sir, this coal does not go into the common
consumption of the people for fuel. The
bituminous coal which we produce and send
to the East is wholly applied to the production
of gas ; and everybody who knows anything
about the gas companies knows that in point
of fact this reduction would inure to those
corporations who make the gas, and not inure
at all to the benefit of the people.
So far as the Cumberland coal is concerned,
that might be different, becausj that is used
for manufacturing purposes; but so far as the
coal which we produce in West Virginia—and
I have recently received letters from Virginia
on this subject, stating that they propose to
produce and are now producing in East Vir-
ginia to some extent coal which is perhaps
cheaper than ours—so far as these coals are
concerned, it would not make the least differ-
ence in the cost.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on that motion, the Chair will lay
before the Senate two bills from the House of
Representatives for reference.
JIOU.sC BILLS KKUERliED.
The biil (H. R. No. 1G39) to compensate
Holmes K. OfUey for extra labor as chief
clerk ill the Navy Department was read twice
by its t.icle, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The bill (II. R. No. 2000) to declare the
construction ol section fifty-five of an act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved dune 186-t, and the
acts amendatory thereof, and to amend the
same, was read twice by its title, an(t referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 28, 1870. <
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain
of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when, on motion of Mr. COBURN, the further
reading was dispensed with.
CARTHAGE AND SACKETf's HARBOR RAILROAD.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill granting right of way to the
Carthage, Watertown, and Sackett's Harbor
railroad, in order to have it put upon its passage
at the present time. I think no one will object
to it.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information; after which objections will be
asked for, if any.
The bill was read. It provides that the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States lying in the village of Sackett's Harbor,
in the county of Jefferson, State of New York,
be and is hereby granted to the Carthage,
Watertown, and Sackett's Harbor Railroad
Company, provided that in the opinion of the
President of the United States such grant be
not injurious to the public interest, and that
the location shall be approved by the President
as to the position and width of said railroad;
and provided further that if the said railroad
shall not be completed within three years, or
if at any time after its completion the said
railroad shall be discontinued or abandoned,
the grant shall cease and determine.
There was no objection, and the bill (H. R.
No. 2348) granting right of way to the Car-
thage, Watertown,and Sackett's Harbor Rail-
road Company, was received, and read a first
and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOWIES E. OFFLEY.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs the bill (H. R. No. 1639) to compen-
sate Holmes E. Offley for extra labor as chief
clerk in the Navy Department, and desire to
have it put upon its passage at the present
time.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that so much of the balance of the appro-
priation made for the annual salary of the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, for the fiscal
year ending on the 80th June, 1869, as re-
mained unexpended after that office was abol-
ished by the act of March 2, 1869, be paid to
Holmes E. Ofiley, the present chief clerk of
the Navy Department, for extra clerical ser-
vices performed by him since his appointment
to that position on the 9th of March, 1869.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does that bill come from
any committee ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; it has been consid-
ered by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
is reported under their instructions.
I Mr. BENJAMIN. It seems to he increas-
ing some salary. I must object.
1 Mr. HALE. I think if the gentleman will
| allow me a word of explanation he will not
I object.
i Mr. BENJAMIN. I will hear the explana-
j tion.
| Mr. HALE. "When the late Assistant See-
I retary of the Navy went out of office the office
! ceased to exist; no successor to him was ap-
pointed, but there was certain work in the
office of the Assistant Secretary which needed
to be done. Mr. Offley, the chief clerk, under-
took it, not knowing how heavy it was, in order
to save the Department hiring an extra clerk.
