1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
eration, and after full consultation with his
legal adviser, the attorney general of the State,
whose opinion, I believe, was against the act of
the Governor. The Governor represented in
his official proclamation, sent to the Clerk of
this House, that in the twenty-first district,
composed of the counties of Indiana, West-
moreland, and Fayette, no such returns of the
election had been received by the secretary
of the Commonwealth as would, under the
election laws of the State, authorize him to
proclaim the name of any person as having
been returned duly elected a member of the
House of Representatives of the United States
for that district.
The act of Assembly in relation to his duty
is plainly written in the following act upon this
subject. Mark its mandatory character. It is
as follows:
" It shall be the duty of the Governor, on tho re-
ceipt of tho returns of the election of members of the
Houso of Representatives of the United States, as
aforesaid, by the secretary of the Commonwealth,
to declare by proclamation the names of tho persons
so returned as elected in the respect ive districts; and
he shall also, as soon as conveniently may be there-
after, transmit tho returns so made to the House of
Representatives of the United States."
Had the Governor the returns of the election
of a member of Congress from the twenty-first
district of Pennsylvania? The following cer-
tificate was duly forwarded to the secretary of
the Commonwealth, and was in possession of
the Governor when his proclamation was
issued:
We, the undersigned, return judges from the
counties of Indiana, Fayette, and Westmoreland,
State of Pennsylvania, said counties composing the
twenty-first congressional district of the State ot'
Pennsylvania, having been duly appointed return
judges by the several boards of return judges of the
above-named counties, in pursuance of the act of
Assembly in such case made and provided, and bav-
in# met at the court-house in the borough of Greens-
burg, county of Westmoreland, Pennsylvania, on
Tuesday, the 20th day of October, A. 1). 18o8, being
the seventh day after the election held on Tuesday,
the 13th day of October, 1S68, do certify that we have
carefully examined the returns of the several coun-
ties aforesaid of the election held for a member of
the House of Representatives of the United States
on Tuesday, the 13th day of October, A.D. 1868, and
that we cast up and added together the votes therein
contained according to law, and that for member of
the House of Representatives of the United States
for the said twenty-first district Henry D. Poster, of <
W estmoreland county, had 13,807 votes, J ohn Covode,
of Westmoreland county, had 13,763 votes, being all
the votes east for such office.
And we further certify that Henry D. Poster, of
Westmoreland county, having the highest number
of votes cast, he is therefore duly elected a member
of the House of Representatives of the U nited States
for the aforesaid twenty-first congressional district,
in the State of Pennsylvania.
Witness our hands and seals this 20th October,
A. D. 1868,
[L. s.j JAC. TURKEY,
Return Judge of Westmoreland county.
[l. s.] wm. hatfield,
Return Judge of Fayette county.
Attest:
H. Byebs Kuhns,
A. G. Marsh, Clerks.
It is true one of the return judges of the dis-
trict refused to sign the return, as set forth in
the following certificate :
And we, the undersigned, return judges of Fayette
u ®stm°reland counties, do further certify that
at the time and place mentioned in the within cer-
tificate, Israel Doty, the return judge from Indiana
county, duly attended and met with us; that the
board was organized by tho appointment of Hon.
nuliam Hatfield, president, and II. Byers Kuhns
ft" Marsh, clerks, who were duly qualified;
t&at the said Israel Doty presented hiscertificate of
appointment, a copy of which is hereunto annexed,
marked A, as return judge aforesaid : that each of
toe said judges of the aforesaid counties produced
ana presented the returns of their respective coun-
"copy of the returns presented by the sa id Isreal
woty being hereto annexed, and marked B, which
pFceived,duly cast up, and added together as i
itated in the within certificate; that the said ecrtifi- I
•nlL t pLle,a,es',a3 required by law, were duly j
Jiadeout: and that the saidlsraelDoty.returnjudge
« aforesaid, then refused to sign the said certificate '
ana (iup]lca,eSi as required by law, although he was 1
8J requested so to do by the board.
5lt,nt:s where«f,webavehereuntosetourhands
and seals this iOlb day ol October, A. D. 1868
ll-s-3 „ jac. turney,
, heturn Judge of Westmoreland county.
ll■ s-i wm. hatfield.
, ,T T. Return Judge of Fayette county.
Attest: II. I)yf.rs Kuiixs,
A. G. Marsh, Clerht.
It will be seen a majority of the return judges
signed the return, and the one not signing
stubbornly and in violation of his oath refused
to sign; yet, had not the Governor a return
from that district such as he was bound to
1 respect and recognize? I affirm he had; and I
say further that when he forwarded that return
to the Clerk of this House he violated his obli-
gations equally with Israel Doty, the recreant,
obstinate return judge. It did appear that
General Foster was elected. Upon the assem-
bling of this Congress the return, which was
smothered by the Governor, was in the files of
the Clerk. Here, I repeat, was the great wrong
which disfranchised the people.
The iniquity did not stop here. My colleague,
[Mr. Woodward,] upon the roll of this House
being called, asked that the Clerk place the
name of Foster in the list of the Pennsylvania
delegation. That was denied. On the next
day, after the organization of the House, he
offered a resolution that the Committee of
Elections " report as early as practicable which
of the claimants to a seat in this House has the
prima facie right therein."
The history of the proceedings are well
known. I forgot to state that our Governor,
in the light of the influences that surrounded
the State capital, found it necessary to send a
communication to the Clerk of this House.
That subsequent document is as follows:
j Pennsylvania Executive Chamber,
i Harrisborg, J'a., February 23, 1869.
j Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith addi-
| tional affidavits and evidences c,f fraud submitted to
| me in regard to tho election of member of Congress
i in thetwenty-firstoongressional district of thisState.
These affidavits were taken before officers properly
authorized to administer oaths, and indicate the
election of Hon. John Covode.
\ Most respectfully, your obedient servant.
! JOHN W. GEARY,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
Hon. Edward McPherson.
Clerk House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
State op Pennsylvania,
Office of Secretary of the Commonwealth,
Harrisbcrg, Pa., February 23,1869.
I hereby certify that the signature of John W.
Geary, Governor of this Commonwealth, to the at-
tached letter is his genuine signature; and that the
accompanying affidavitsand papers are the originals
filed in this office from timo to time, since the elec-
tion held on the 13th of October last.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand, and caused the seal of the secretary's office to
be affixed the day and year above written, i
Fl s 1 « JORDAN, I
Secretary of Commonwealth, j
This document was called by some a " sup- '
plementary proclamation ; " yet it was nothing
but a letter from Geary, not a proclamation
from the Governor. The ingenious resolution
of our Conservative friend from Massachusetts,
j [Mr. Dawes,] couched in most deceptive lan-
j guage, was offered as a substitute to Judge
j Woodward's resolution. It was in the follow- !
I ing words : ;
"Resolved,, Thatsomuchof the proclamation ofthe
i Governor of Pennsylvania, dated November 17,
1 1868, as relates to the election of Representative in
j the twenty-first district of said State, and the letter
of said Governor, dated February 23,1869, relative
I thereto, together with the papers referred to in said .
i Ietter.be referred to the Committee of Elections, '
1 when appointed, with instructions to report to the
House what person, according to said proclamation,
letter, and paper, is entitled prima facie to represent
said twenty-first district in the Forty-First Congress,
pending any contest that may arise concerning the
right to such representation."
In this resolution the return of the district
was omitted, and the committee only had before
them two papers, to wit: the general proclama-
tion of the Governor, of November 17, 18G8,
and the " supplemental proclamation" of Feb-
ruary 23, 1869. And with these lights before
them a majority of that committee reported a
resolution that Covode was entitled prima facie
to the seat, modestly allowing General Foster to
contest. This enormity was too gross and too 1
flagrant even for this House to indorse, and it
was defeated after a long, exciting, and full
debate. Finally the House recommitted the
case to the committee, to hear the merits of the i
case on the power to adopt rules governing the ji
contestants. Testimony was taken by both, vol- '
j uminous in its character, which was submitted
:! ^?. committee upon the reassembling of
, this Congress. All the Radical members of
that committee join in a resolution giving
Covode the seat. That resolution is now
before the House. Shall it be affirmed as the
judgment of the Radical party, now the final
arbiter ? Let me warn you that many of the
judgments here pronounced have been re-
versed. I see near me two gentlemen [Mr.
Morgan and Mr. Voorhehs] who, by the arbi-
trary power of a majority, were deprived of
their seats; yet an indignant people returned
i notwithstanding your unjust sentence:
and if I mistake not the people of Pennsylva-
nia, who will feel deeply this blow a't their
rights, will reverse with indignation and scorn
the judgment your packed committee now ask
you to pronounce.
■ Sir, the report of the minority, presented by
1 my colleague, [Mr. Randall,] a member of
| the committee, is full, exhaustive, able, and
unanswerable. He has presented it in a forci-
j ble speech, in a cogent and logical argument,
j and it will stand unanswered upon your records.
He has shown that the majority of 41 returned
! for General Foster has been increased to 54.
| He has proven, if evidence, facts, and figures
j can prove anything, that General Foster is
i the elected Representative of the people of
t that district. I am unable in the time allowed
; me, to go into detailed statements to show that
the minority are correctin all their conclusions.
I I must leave it upon the able arguments of
our friends, [Mr. Randall and Mr. Burr.]
I disagree with the honorable gentleman who
presented the case on the part of the majority
[Mr. Chorchill] as to the right of this House
to throw out the entire vote of the two districts,
Dunbar and Youngstown, upon the evidence
in this case. I do so with all deference to his
ability. To disfranchise the people of an elec-
tion district, to declare that an entire poll shall
be disregarded, is a grave question and requires
overpowering evidence of willful and deliberate
fraud. Irregularities, however great, omis-
sions, however glaring, will allow no such arbi-
trary power. There may be fraudulent voting,
there may be violations of plain duty, but the
guilty only shall suffer; the innocent must be
protected. In the extracts from the decisions
of our courts the gentleman has been ingenious,
but that is all.
The case of Mann vs. Cassidy, referred to,
will bear no construction as he has given it in
its application to this case. This is not a case
of fraud. Whether ballot-boxes were provided
in time to open the polls, whether officers were
intoxicated, are not such cases as will warrant
any tribunal, legislative or judicial, in depriv-
ing citizens of the right of the ballot. I read
further from the case of Mann vs. Cassidy, in
the opinion of Judge Thompson, in which he
says:
"The care which this court has taken informer
cases to guard the honest expression of the will of
the people through the ballot-box from being affected
by the omissions or neglects of election officers to
perform what have been improperly styled mero
directory duties, seems to have been greatly misap-
prehended. It never was the intention of this court
to throw around election officers a shield of techni-
cality which would interfere with the fair examina-
tion of their official acts or omissions. A mere slip
which can have no effect upon the integrity of tho
proceeding ought not to vitiate it.
"Courts of justice would deserve to lose all confi-
dence and respect if they were astute in devising
technical rules under which the dearest rights of the
people could be destroyed by unworthy men. We
will not become parties to such a system, and the
only rule we can consent to adopt is the plain one,
already stated, that where honesty and integrity are
apparent mere omissions will be disregarded."
I affirm that the decision does not go the
length which the gentleman contends it does.
And in the case of Thompson vs. Ewing, which
has been referred to, the opinion of the same
judge is still stronger. In Brewster's Reports,
volume one, page 107, part of which was read
by the gentleman, the judge says :
"The correct disposition of questions of this char-
acter is not without difficulty, for while, on the ono
hand, the whole conduct of election officers may,
