142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
Ho. of Reps.
The Public Debt—Mr. Morrell.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
try with a perpetual burden; they put in a
pitiful plea for posterity, and declare if the
debt is not presently paid it will never be paid.
I may answer briefly that the provisions of this
bill do not stand in the way. Providing that the
debt shall not be demandable does not prevent
the Treasury from doing precisely what it is
doing now; that is, buying bonds in open market
and retiring them. This is provided for by the
second section of the bill; but it is, as I think,
wisely postponed to a time when the bonds will
bear no premium, and when the purchase can
be made from an excess of income and will
impose no extraordinary tax upon the people.
If it is possible to do what I propose the coun-
try must be at once and greatly benefited. It
will no longer be questioned whether the assets
of the country are adequate to discharge the
principal of the debt, or whether it is willing
to pay it. All that will be asked is, are the
annual earnings sufficient to rueet the interest?
Of this there can be no doubt whatever, espe-
cially if the rate is reduced to three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent., as I have suggested.
The propriety and necessity of making some
reduction in the rate of interest seem not to
be questioned. A Government bond at six
per cent, coin interest, compounded semi-
annually and passing from hand to hand by
mere transfer, is so good an investment that
ordinary borrowers can procure no accommo-
dations unless able to obtain bank discounts.
Throughout the country the business of lend-
ing money by neighbor to neighbor has almost
ceased, and I hazard little in saying that the
gains upon investments in Government bonds,
which are wholly without risk and untaxed,
exceed the average earnings of mercantile and
manufacturing investments.
By maintaining its loans at their war rates
the Government not only enters into competi-
tion with every needy borrower, and cither
defeats him or obliges him to pay a rate that
is ruinous, but also encourages capital to with-
draw from productive industry. So great a
detriment is this to the business of the country
that, we are justified in increasing, if need be,
the principal of the debt if unable otherwise
to reduce the interest. It is alleged that the
debt of Great Britain is now two fifths greater
than it otherwise would have been, owing to
repeated compensations by increasing tho prin-
cipal for reduction in rate of interest, and the
results of this policy are seen in the accumula-
tion of cheap capital, which has built up her
manufacturing and commercial supremacy, and
is to-day her principal means of warfare on other
industrial nations.
It is settled and determined by tho people
themselves, from whom there is no appeal,
that the wages of labor shall be maintained at
a higher rate in this country than in England
or oiher competing countries. As a conse-
quence the cost of all domestic products must
be greater, and free competition with foreign
countries is rendered impossible except where
nature has given us an advantage. When in
addition to this difficulty the American manu-
facturer encounters the other and greater diffi-
culty of quite double the rate of interest which
his foreign rival pays, the contest becomes
almost hopeless. The Government should
cease bulling the money market, and let indi-
vidual borrowers have a fair chance. With
money plenty at a low rate of interest we shall
have such increased productiveness as will
make most things cheap from their plentiful-
ness and obviate the necessity of heavy import-
ations to be paid for in coin; this will be a
much better way of getting to specie values
than by starving the producing classes.
There is much difference of opinion as to
the rate of interest which a new issue of bonds
should bear, but the weight of authority seems
to favor a four per cent. loan. 1 have proposed
three and sixty-five hundredths, because of the
simplicity of making calculations, it being one
cent per day on each $100 of the loan. It is
but a trifle less than four per cent., and will
have for many bondholders, in the convenience
of calculation and readiness of transfer, a value
equal to four per cent.
Conceding that it would be a good thing to
have the public creditor agree that the prin-
cipal of the debt shall never fall due, and
that there shall be a very material reduction
in the rate of interest, it may be denied that
any such agreement can be made. I cannot
doubt the possibility of it. There is, perhaps,
in spite of the proverb, a method of " resolv-
ing a difficulty by a difficulty." Itisgenerally
conceded that along national loan is better than
a short one, and one that may run forever should
be best of all.
Our debtis depreciated because the available
means of the country are insufficient to meet
obligations matured and rapidly maturing, and
while we are anxiously debating when and how
we shall pay, and whether we shall pay at all
or not, it is manifest to everybody that we can-
not pay now, or soon, or at any definite period
in the future. When there is a doubt about the
payment the creditor always wants to be paid;
if the doubt could be removed he would regard
payment as a misfortune. I propose, by mak-
ing his claim never demandable, to remove all
doubt and give him absolute assurance that it
shall never be dishonored. I would convert
his doubtful security into a thing of perma-
nence and indestructible value, by giving him
a ground rent upon the national domain. Two
threats now disturb his confidence: the menace
of payment and the menace of repudiation.
He will agree to make some sacrifice to be
assured against these apprehended calamities.
I have treated the question as if the holders
of existing loans were to be asked to surrender
them and accept bonds bearing a less rate of
interest, yet whether they assented or not
would be immaterial. If a market can be found
for a new loan, the old can be paid off as the op-
tion matures, or purchased, and retired under
the provisions of this bill, as now purchased by
the Secretary, without authority of law, but with
general approval of the people. By this bill
a market is at once created for at least one
third and in time probably one half of the
whole issue of new bonds, by making them the
sole basis of banking under a free banking
system.
The liberal provisions of the bill in relation
to the national banks I shall hereafter refer
to. Divested of their present character of
monopoly, and made in the best sense pop-
ular, they will be multiplied as the demands
of business require, and eventually absorb
about eight hundred millions of these bonds,
and supply all sections of the country with an
abundant and safe currency. This would tend
to make still further demands for the bonds ;
and with lower rates of interest firmly estab-
lished, it would certainly not be extravagant
to expect the balance of the loan to be event-
ually sought for in this country for permanent
investment.
I avow the desire of making paper money
plenty if convertible and well secured. Based
upon a national loan, the aggregate of which
is so small in comparison with the accumulated
and constantly-increasing wealth of the people,
I do not believe it possible to make the busi-
ness of banking so profitable as to put into
circulation more money than the real demands
of trade will require. The disasters predicted
by those who hold to the fallacious theory that
the value of all purchasable commodities is
exactly determined by the volume of currency
in circulation would not be experienced; but
instead we should have lower rates of interest
and greater facility in obtaining the means for
prosecuting all promising enterprises. Capital
would be less valuable, and a larger share of
the increase in wealth would go to the enter-
prise and labor which created it. What reason
is there fir asserting that the people are less
capable of self-control in regard to currency
and finance than in regard to other business or
political questions ? I hold that the people are
capable of judging of their own wants, and if
left entirely free, national bank issues under
proper guarantees for perfect security can never
attain profitable circulation beyond thoselegiti-
mate wants. Any limit less than this gives to
capital undue control over labor and its pro-
ducts, and gives it power to increase and per-
petuate that control.
Make money cheap and plentiful, and reduce
taxes as they may be reduced by lessening the
rates of interest and removing the principal of
the public debt, and you will so invigorate the
business of the country and so increase the
productive capacity of the people that national
wealth and industrial independence will be
assured. The enlarged, ability of the masses
to purchase and consume more of the comforts
of life will insure steady markets for the in-
creasing productions of industry. By securing
our own markets to our own people we shall
gradually but surely attain to greater perfection
in manufactures, and so cheapen their cost by
improved appliances and labor-saving machin-
ery that few of our wauts will need to be sup-
plied by the labor of foreign countries. Thus
1 would, through the fullest employment of the
people and the greatest development of home
industry, work out of debt to foreign nations
and turn the tide of precious metals, so long
flowing from us, back to our own shores.
When this can be effected our currency will
be at par with gold, and for all business uses
preferred to it. Any resumption of specie pay-
ments forced upon the country before we have
learned as a nation to produce more than we
consume, earn more than we spend, and export
more of the products of labor than we import,
will not last, but will bring certain financial
ruin, and renewed and prolonged suspension. I
know this is all contrary to the theory of those
who would return to specie payments by cut-
ting down the volume of the currency and the
immediate reduction of all prices to what they
call specie values. Their policy casts the whole
burden of its pretended economies upon the
producing classes. The results of labor are
not enlarged by it, for it will take as much toil
to grow a bushel of wheat, make a yard of
cloth or a ton of iron, as when their exchange-
able values in dollars and cents are twice as
great.
While it may be true, that as compared with
other products of labor, wheat, cloth, &c.,
would under a policy of forced contraction
lose little or nothing of their ex*bangeable
value, it is certain that debts, taxes, fees of
office, salaries of officials, and rates of interest
would not be lessened. Indeed, the rate of inter-
est would, from the scarcity of money, become
higher, and all the burdens upon productive
industry might be doubled. The shoemaker,
and tailor, and farmer, as it is alleged, would
sustain merely nominal reductions in the prices
of their commodities, for they exchange with
each other at par. This would be true if all
men were alike producers, and none were per-
mitted to live off the labor of others; but it
would cost twice as much labor to pay the debt
of the nation and of each individual, while
the creditor, the money-lender, and the bond-
holder would find their wealth increased a hun-
dred per cent., as each dollar would purchase
twice as much of the product of labor as at
present. This hard and cruel process was
urged as the sole remedy for our troubles
when gold was 140. Gold has fallen to 110
without it, yet its advocates are not confuted,
and they will not be convinced until under a
more liberal policy the nation is enabled, out
of the earnings of a prosperous and fully
