2100
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 21,
Mr. SCHENCK. I was going to make that
motion. But before doing so I wish to ask
unanimous consent of the House to adopt
some order in relation to debate on the tariff
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I will make my
motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to have the House
adopt some order in relation to night sessions,
and also the course of debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If that is the purpose
for which the gentleman occupies the floor, I
think my motion is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iwillnotmake that motion
if it lets the gentleman in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] asks consent to make a state-
ment to the House. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr.Ingersoll]objectto his doingso?
Mr. INGEUSOLL. I am very anxious to
go to business on the Speaker's table for the
purpose of reaching the Washington and New
York railroad bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Sciienck] making a statement to
the House?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do at this time.
order l'oll night session.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will move that the
rules be suspended and that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the tariff bill. Before doing so, I move that
the Committee of the Whole be directed to take
a recess from half past four to half past seven
o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to, upon a division—
ayes 78, noes SU.
lhave 01' absence.
Mr. BOOKER asked and obtained leave of
absence for one week from to-day.
Mr. STILES asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence.
i'ay op blacksmiths, etc., 01' allmy.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, inclosing a petition from
officers of light artillery and cavalry for an
increase of the pay of blacksmiths and artifi-
cers in the Army of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
new york and brooklyn incomes.
The SPEAKER also,byunanimousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to
a resolution of the House adopted March 10,
1870, directing him to inform this House
whether any person or persons, other than
regularly appointed internal revenue officers,
have been or are now employed in the cities
of Brooklyn or New York to aid in the collec-
tion of internal revenue, and if so, by what
authority of law, and the names of such per-
sons ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Moans, and ordered to be printed.
light-house on lakh ontario.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution of the House dated March 10, 1870,
directing him to inform the House whether
an additional light-house upon the southern
shore of Lake Ontario, between the Genesee
and Niagara rivers, is necessary for the pro-
tection of life and property upon that lake, and
also as to the proper location of such light-
house; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
public debt from 1787 to 1838.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution of the House dated March 9, 1870,
directing him to furnish to the House a detailed
statement showing the payments on account
of our public debt, including both principal
and interest, from 1787 to 1836 inclusive;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
pay op officers in tiie south.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House dated January 2(5, 1870, directing
him to inquire and report to the House whether
there is any truth in the allegation that officers
of the United States Army upon duty in the
southern States are in receipt of salaries both
from the State treasuries and the Treasury of
the United States, contrary to the laws of the
United States and of the States wherein they
are stationed; and if so, what orders he has
made in the premises; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
public buildings.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to the
resolution of the House adopted March 9,1870,
directing him to report to the House which,
if any, of the public buildings not yet com-
menced, for which estimates have been sub-
mitted at the present session to either House
of Congress from his Department, in his opin-
ion the public exigencies require to be com-
menced during the next fiscal year; and on
which, if any, of the public buildings now in
process of construction for which estimates
have so been made the public exigencies re-
quire the work to be continued during the said
year; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered tor be printed.
rank of nayal officers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a resolu-
tion adopted by the House March 16, 1870,
requesting him to transmit to the House the
further correspondence in relation to the ques-
tioned letter of Admiral Farragut, of date J anu-
ary 20,1809, namely, the telegrams, letters, and
affidavit of Paymaster T. H. Looker, United
States Navy, now on file in the Navy Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 10G8) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, the remarks
which I intend to submit to the committee on
the bill under consideration will be addressed
to the discussion of certain general principles
upon which the bill is founded rather than any
of the details of the measure itself. It is doubt-
less proposed that when we shall reach the con-
sideration of the various items embraced in the
bill there shall be ample opportunity to dis-
cuss each of them as they may arise; and I
have no doubt gentlemen opposing or advo-
cating the several duties proposed to be levied
will have opportunity to submit such con-
siderations as may seem to them proper and
just. What I have now to say refers to the
principle of protection. 1 shall address my-
self to a consideration of the power and the
duty and the expediency of the Government
of the United States carrying out into legisla-
tion the protection of specific and particular
classes of industry.
Mr. Chairman, in thus rising to discuss the
principles involved in this bill, and to oppose
the imposition of duties on foreign goods
merely for the purpose of protection, I do not
suppose myself capable of stating new doc-
trines. I am aware how difficult it will be for
any one to advance original views on a question
which has commanded the ablest intellects in
this as well as in European countries for the
last century. But feeble though it may be,
the grievous wrongs under which the people
labor and my position as one of their Repre-
sentatives compel me to offer whatever opposi-
tion I can to the continuance and enlargement
of an iniquitous, unequal, and unjust system.
I assume that legislation for a great country,
especially when affecting general interests, is
founded on general principles ; that there must
be some underlying doctrine of universal appli-
cation upon which shall rest the superstructure
of legal enactment; that upon this is erected
the giant tree from whose trunk extends the
branches under which all shall rest seeurein
equal shelter. In this Republic it is our special
pride that we have no favored classes, each
interest, each class, and each individual being
left to its own inherent strength to obtain
whatever of advancement or favor may fall to
its lot. It has been well said that this is the
best Government which governs the least, and
to the great Jackson may be attributed the even
yet wiser and more truly American idea, that
the blessings of Government, like the dews of
I-Ieaven, should fall alike on all, the rich and
the poor, the high and the lowly. Indeed, if
we refer to the cause of our original struggle to
throw off monarchical rule, there can be no
difficulty in tracing it to a lively sense of the
inequality of its governing principles ; to the
unjust burden which that vicious system im-
posed upon industry, and upon all others
except those directly or indirectly favored.
The Declaration oflndependence comprehends
this grievance within its summary of reasons
for rebellion, and the Constitution contains a
permanent interdiction against its continuance
under the Republic.
Now, therefore, this principle being so thor-
oughly incorporated into our system, it is
essential that it shall be kept steadily in view
in the legislation of Congress and in the prac-
tices of the Government. Equality and justice
should be the great ruling idea in all wo do as
Representatives of the people ; equality i n the
dissemination of the blessings and in the dis-
tribution of the burdens, so that justice may
bo done, and no one section, interest, or raau
shall obtain advantages or be subjected to
oppressions denied to or imposed upon others.
Such, then, is the nature, object, and duty of
the law-making power. Has it been so under-
stood and practiced? Has the legislation of
Congress been governed by any such fixed rules
in the creation of statutes for the conduct of
public affairs? I think not. Were if perti-
nent, and the time would permit, I think that
an enormous aggregate of laws could be pre-
sented and which now exist in disregard of
this organic principle. We have not only
legislated too much, but we have legislated
too unfairly ; unfairly as between States and
sections, but also as between industries and
classes, and too often in behalf of special out-
side interests, and not for the benefit of the
people as represented by the Government
itself. To enumerate the various heads under
which this kind of attack upon the public
good has been perpetrated would be very
difficult. The ingenuity of those who press
for such advantages knows no bounds. They
have adopted various disguises and excuses,
covering their motives always under special
pretexts and false pretenses. Sometimes they
attack Che public Treasury direct, taking what-
ever sum can be obtained from tbat source by
open, wholesale plunder. Even such assaults
are made under pretended justification either
of honest claims for damages incurred or
benefits conferred.
