1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
Now, while we do not ask any such rule,
while we are not enforcing any such doctrine,
still if it be true that Mr. Foster obtained legal
votes in Dunbar and in Youngstown, there cer-
tainly is no man in Pennsylvania, no man in
this country, who knew better than Mr. Fos-
ter himself, and the able counsel conducting
his case, that there was a remedy provided by
which he could obtain the benefit of all those
votes. Why did they not adopt that remedy ?
I say that the very fact that they did not do so
is one of the most powerful pieces of circum-
stantial evidence against the existence or the
truth of that theory. Now I want gentlemen
on that side of the House to understand this
matter as we understand it, and I want the peo-
ple of the country to understand that we are not
attempting to make them believe a false issue,
or to place an improper statement of the case
before the country.
Now, Mr. Covode, in his specification in this
case, set forth distinctly and clearly to Gen-
eral Foster and his friends that these polls
were irregular and fraudulent; that there had
been at both these polls such a disregard of
law and justice and right that he would ask
the committee and the House to throw them
both out. That was a part of the record origin-
ally filed in this case, and there it has remained
from the day it was filed till this hour. Now,
Mr. Speaker, if Henry D. Foster had received
an honest majority of 198 votes in Dunbar,
and an honest majority of 170 at Youngstown,
how easy it would have been for him or his
counsel to have called before the commissioner
or the committee a few witnesses from those
districts, old men, long residents of the place,
to prove that these men who voted there were
actual residents there. Why was not this done ?
The only reason was that it could not be done.
Some of the voters were in the residence
assigned by the publiafor paupers ; some were
in Philadelphia, some were in Pittsburg, some
ot them had forged and fraudulent naturaliza-
tion papers, manufactured in Philadelphia at
the rate of six or seven hundred a day; some
were idiots, others were foreigners. Some had
no papers except the bottle, [laughter,] and
voted upon that kind of evidence. That is
the reason no attempt was made by General
Foster to purify these polls. All that the major-
ity of the committee ask in this case is that the
House shall reaffirm the principle, which has
been repeatedly declared by the courts, and
which is sufficient to determine this case, that
the prima facie character attaching to the re-
turns of sworn election officers is overthrown
and destroyed in all cases where it is shown
that^ there have been irregularities and frauds,
willful and corrupt violations of the law.
But our friends on the other side say that the
only irregularities in this case are departures
froiii provisions of law which are merely direct-
ory. My colleague on the committee [Mr.
Churchill J has so fully answered that argu-
ment, and the distinction between provisions
merely directory and those which are impera-
tive and mandatory is so well settled m the
'av/> ttiat it would be a waste of time for me to
go at length into the controversy. I will simply
read the opinion of one of our judges in Phila-
delphia: i
"On the contrary, we find in almost every decision '
a strong denunciation of ail dishonesty at the poll !
J.UU3 m jjoileau's case.U 1'arsons, 503; the court in :
ieiu?me to interfere laid stress upon the absence of
I'?*' iU!?atl?n "f.fraud or mistake in conducting
„ Paction. This was twice referred to in the
ivmion, and it closed with a declaration that the
hes,itate to set aside an election
wncre the laws have been infracted,' and that the
4 e ecUo1" should 'be consistent
tS 1,aitTIlluJ1and independent maintenance oftheir
5 L • errett/s-case (i<l-> 569) it was stated
:uat it might m a certain event become ' the duty of
„i ■ C!0urt t0 vacate an election entirely, a power
'11 vC|JamlSieXfri?d forAmelie irregularity without
^i ln the J'cnn district case, (id., 526 )
Min^r # cr ^.esularityon thopart of voters led to
wicir disfranchisement m the Blockley election, (id
^Ju lvi?eaf*'scuse (id., broad principle
v™iTsnM-ed th?V°Wes of fraud'will be re-
-Vnhi ma defective petition; that omissions
in bo amended for tho furtherance of public jus-
tice;' that 'frauds vitiate all proceedings,' and
may'nullify the result made by the return judges.'
"In.Mann Be. Cassidy, in Weaver vs. Given, and the
contested elections of 1867, this argument as to the
directory requirements of the law was again fully
answered, and the correct principle governing such
cases was earnestly asserted by President Judges
Thompson and Allison."
The case of Skerrett and the case of Mann
vs. Cassidy, which are cited in this decision,
have both been referred to by my colleague,
[Mr. Randall.] I say, as a lawyer, that the
case of General Foster will not stand for one
j moment before the rule laid down by the court
; in the cases of Mann vs. Cassidy and Weaver
i vs. Given.
Mr. STILES. My colleague, I presume, is
aware that the decision which he has just read
is about to be reversed by the highest court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Mr. CESSNA. I am aware that the case in
which this decision was given is now before the
supreme court of Pennsylvania for review; but
I am also aware, as the gentleman ought to
be, that the well-established principles of law
cited in this decision have never been taken
before the supreme court for reversal, but are
received as the settled law by all good lawyers
of both parties in Pennsylvania.
Mr. STILES. It will be reversed by a
Republican court.
Mr. CESSNA. When the decision of the
court in Philadelphia shall have been reversed
by the supreme court of Pennsylvania that will
be another thing. The decision is one thing,
but the citations which they make, which have
gone into the law of the State, which are re-
ceived everywhere and acknowledged as the
settled law of Pennsylvania, will never be
reversed.
Mr. Speaker, there have been cases in
Pennsylvania and elsewhere which have been
reversed for even a single omission or a single
mistake made by the officers of election.
Why, sir, in the Penn township case, where
the polls were closed before the hour pre-
: scribed by law, and where there was no other
irregularity, the court set aside the entire poll.
In 1856 a seat was contested in the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, then Democratic, where |!
the only charge, the only allegation in that
. case was that the voters had cast their ballots
i at a house a few rods away from the house
' prescribed by law.
i Mr. RANDALL. Is that the seat you con-
tested when you were beaten 1,000?
Mr. CESSNA. No, sir; the gentleman
knows well enough what case it was, and if the
shoe did not pinch we would not see him so
j anxious to take the floor and interrupt me.
i Mr. RANDALL. I know that you accepted
, a seat on a constitutional quibble, when you
were beaten before the people by a thousand
majority.
! Mr. CESSNA. The gentleman is making j
a personal charge, unwarranted and unjusti- 1
fied by anything which happened either in
Pennsylvania or here. ;
Mr. RANDALL. I will go with the gentle- i
man on that point to the record.
'Mr. CESSN A. The record—and the gen- ;
tleman knows it, and if lie does not know it he
ought to keep silent—shows that the seat I ;
contested in Pennsylvania was awarded to
me by an almost unanimous vote, by the vote |
of every man of my own party in the house, I
and by the votes ot enough of the others to
give me, as I have said, an almost unani-
mous vote. I was sustaiued on that occasion
by an almost unanimous vote in a Republican ji
senate. I was indorsed not only by the senate j
and house of Pennsylvania, but 1 was also 1
indorsed by the Executive, and the attorney
general of the State, Mr. Meredith.
I did not distract the gentleman when he 1
was upon tho floor, and if he should ask me any j
question pertinent to this case I would take i
pleasure in answering it. I hope the answer I !
have given hira to a question not pertinent to ji
tii's issue will be satisfactory. >
The case to which I was referring when in-
{. k°.'d in my hand. It is the case of
McGhee, the sitting member, against Beck, the
contestant. The only charge in that petition
was that the school-house at Leroy had been
sold and converted into a dwelling, and that
when the people came there to vote the owner
refused them admission. _ Then the people and
tne officers of the election went a few rods
away to a house still known as the Leroy
school-house. At that place 00 votes were
polled for the Republican ticket and 12 for the
Democratic ticket. A committee was drawn
under the laws of Pennsylvania, and at the
head of it, as chairman of that committee, stood
Henry D. Foster, the same Henry D. Foster
i who now asks this House to bolster up the
frauds, the perjuries, the drunken rowdy-
ism, the mistakes and outrages committed at
Youngstown. I hold in my hand the report
then made by Henry D. Foster, chairman of
that committee, signed by every Democrat on
it, eight in number, and dissented to only by
one, the only Republican of the lot. In that
report Mr. Foster says in distinct terms that
there was no allegation of fraud, that there was
no illegal vote received, that there was no law-
ful vote rejected, that it was a fair election,
that the only irregularity was that the people
voted some rods away from the place pre-
scribed by law. He declared that the law must
be observed, that the laws must govern, that
the 60 Republican voters should be thrown out.
The seat was given to the Democratic con-
testant on that ground. While such has been
his conduct in the case I have referred to, we
did not then hear the howls and lamentations
that now come to the House and the country
because, as the gentleman's friends allege, only
political considerations influence and control
the minds of members.
It is the . strongest case, Mr. Speaker, that
j I know of, in the history of my own State, of
a contested election in which, upon slight
evidence, a whole poll was rejected, and if I
have as much time left as will allow the read-
ing of the report, in order that gentlemen may
be satisfied that I stated the matter correctly,
I will ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
This result is arrived at by counting tho votes
from all the election districts in the three counties,
as returned by the officers of the election, and shows
a majority for John C. McGhee, the sitting member,
of 16 votes.. John B. Beck, the contestant, alleges,
in his petition, that the vote in Sharon township, in
1 otter county, was illegal and ought not to bo
counted for either party. In this township John C.
Mctfhee received 61 votes and John B. Beck received
12votes, which if altogether exclud#d, would leave a
majority in tho district for John B.Beck of o3 votes.
By the act of Assembly passed the 5th of April, 1S4'J,
the general elections were to beheld in Sharon town-
ship, in Potter county, at a school-house situate be-
tween thehouses of JonasWood and Simoon Drakes,
: at the school-house known as the Leroy school-house.
! -Che general elections were held for that township
i from the passage of that act, except that held on tho
9th of October last, 1855, which was held at a new
school-house, situated one half mile east of th3 oiu
school-house, and not between the points included
in the act of Assembly of the 5th of April, 1819. The
school-house referred to in the act was sold in 18-32
by the school directors to Mr. Burdick, who moved
it a few rods from its former location. The general
elections were held in it, however, in 1853 and 1851.
On the morning of the general election of 1S55
Mr. Burdick informed one of the officers of the elec-
tion that he would notpermit the election to bo held
there, owing to sickness in his family. The evidence
clearly established that the last general election was
not held at the place required by the act of Assem-
bly, but at a new school-house half a milo distant,
by some known as tho Leroy school-house, and by
others as the Sharon Centre school-honsc. The net
of 5th of April, 1819, fixed the place of holding tho
election, which was imperative on tho officers. Tho
twenty-second section of the general election laws
provides that the inspectors and judges shall meet
at the respective placos appointed lor holding tho
election, in the district to which they respectively
belong, at nine o'clock on the morning of the second
Tuesday of October in each year. This act the offi-
cers of the election had no right to disregard. If they
eould change it to a place one half mile from that'
appointed by law, they would have the same right
to change it five inilcs, or to any other point within
tho district. The Legislature certainly never in-
tended to vest in the officers of the election the power
to chango tho place ot holding tiie eleeunn, fixed by
law, at their discretion, or for caust3 which tit'v
night deem luflieimt: althoncrh it i? not prel -rd' i'i
