1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4938
lo restate in a few words this case, and show
why this item has been introduced in this bill.
It is to pay one of the expenditures of the war,
made under the general authority of the law
authorizing the Navy Department to contract
for the manufacture of guns and the building
of vessels. Under that authority, during the
war, the then Secretary of the Navy made a
contract with Mr. Horatio Ames, of Connecti-
cut, to manufacture a certain number of
wrought-iron cannon, agreeing to pay him for
them, so much for each cannon, as they were
delivered, after they had been properly tested.
Mr. Ames has delivered and the Government
has accepted, after test, a certain number of
those cannon. Since the war the liability of
the Government under its written contract has
become a d bt of the Ordnance Bureau of the
Department.
But it will be recollected that Congress lias
differed wish the Navy Department as to the
amount 1o be appropriated to the several bu-
reaus of that Department. The Department
has been coming here year afr.er year for more
money than Congress hasbeen willing to grant,
The consequence is that the Department has
not had enough money to carry on its various
operations and at the same time pay its debts.
It will be recollected that during this very ses-
sion we have twice had before the House appli-
cations from that Department, and this very
bureau of the Department, for more money to
carry on iis opeia:ions, and Congress has de-
clined to give it. The consequence is that the
Department has applied ail its money lo the
carrying on of its current operations, letting its
debts go.
Under these circumstances the Secretary of
the Navy, upon no application from anybody
in Congress, and, so far as I know, not upon
the application of Mr. Ames himself, came
before the committee and explained that unless
we would give him more money Le could not
pay these debts, a list of which he furnished
us, together with a letter. The House having
declined to give him all the money he asked,
he now asks a specific appropriation to pay
these debts. They arc debts against the Navy
Department, under a written contract. They
are debts incurred in pursuance of law.
Since the severe remarks made yesterday
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
woii'ni] I have taken occasion to review every
part of this bill, and I do not see wherein the
statement T made when the bill was introduced
differed atn.ll from the absolute truth, espe-
cially in respect to these claims. They arc
not only in pursuance of lav,', but they are
liquidated debts, just as much so as an amount
due upon a note of hand. The question for
the House is whether they shall be paid or
not. They came from the Secretary of the
Navy. I have his letter in reference lo
the law, which I ask leave of the House to
read, and then I ask the House whether it was
fair and kind towards this committee for the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fakxsworth] to
say that the chairman of the committee was
"devilish sly" in getting claims through. I
want the House to hear this letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, addressed to the chairman
of the committee in pursuance of law, and in-
ferred by the House to the committee, in ref-
erence to a contract which his predecessor had
entered into and which liad been fulfilled to
the extent of the appropriations. This letter
is dated March 20, 1«70, a year after the com-
mittee was organized on which the gentleman
from Illinois thinks members have sought places
in order to promote these claims. On the liOth
of March the Secretary of the Navy wrote to
the chairman uf the Committee on Appropri-
ations as follows—I read the letter of the Sec-
retor\r of the Nav\-:
Navy j>i::v. r, 20. 1S7U.
Sit;: '.V hc:i i ue present Administration camointo
oflieu cerlnin claims against the Department which,
seemed to be founded in justice remained unpaid.
Some of these bills were tur tools anu steam-ma-
chinery under contracts made during; the last Adaim-
I!
istration, and some for ordnance contracted under
similar circumstances. The Department has had
them alt investigated and passed upon by boards
appointed for the purpose, and the amounts now due
ascertained. These amount in the aggregate to
$580,31i 92 (reduced by settlement and compromise
with Koach to $130,760 92) m the steam-engineering
department, and to $166,892 34 in the ordnance de-
partment. The particular accounts so respectively
due will appear by the inclosed statement.
The amount of $72,060 38 is the amount found to be
now actually due Mr. Ames on the report of the
board appointed in his case; but tile amount of
$85,200 is what will be due him in addition should
he successfully comply with the tests prescribed by
the board.
These debts, though not contracted by the present
Administration, are believed to be justly due to the
parties named, who are injured by the detention of
the money. The Department is not now able to pay
them, as the money formerly available for sueli pur-
pose had, before the present Administration came
in, been used for other purposes, or covered into the
Treasury; aud to use the money appropriated for
current expenses to pay old debts would cripple both
the bureaus referred to in the necessary current
operations. I tliereforesusrgcst that a sufficicntsum
be appropriated by Congress to pay these claims as
now ascertained, and X have written this letter in
order that these parties may not stand as claimants
whose rights are disputed by theDepaitment, but as
creditors whose debts are due and would be paid if
the Department had the power to do so.
Very respect!ally,
GEORGE W. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. II. L. Dawes, Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, House of lleprenentativeg.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Olll'H. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I believe that this House ought to pause
before establishing the precedent which the
Committee on Appropriations ask us to estab-
lish on this bill. And here let me assure the
chairman and every member of that committee
that I do not doubt their entire integrity, and I
do not believe that this committee entertains
any doubt about the facts here. What are v;e
called upon to legislate upon? I know noth-
ing about these claims. They may all be just,
all tine, ail right, and ought to be paid, but
when you select some dozen or fifteen favored
claimants of this Government, and place their
names in a general appropriation bill, you do
injustice to hundreds of others equally merit-
orious aud equally just.
it is not the province of the Committee on
Appropriations to investigate the character of
private claims against this Government. We
have a Committee of Claims, especially charged
with these matters. We have other commit-
tees, representing the various Departments of
this Government, to whom claims arising in
these various Departments can be referred,
aud who are held responsible for these investi-
gations, because we can ask of every committee
reporting a private bill here th at they give their
reasons in support of the bill in the shape of
a report. Bat no such thing as that can be
required of the Committee on Appropriations,
and by reference to the rules of this House it
will be clearly perceived that it never was the
intention that the Committee on Appropria-
tions should be clothed with this most extraor-
dinary power. What was the object of the
institution of this Committee on Appropria-
tions? Simply to make appropriations with
regard to the public expenditures of this Gov-
ernment, in pursuance ot well-known laws and
in pursuance of recommendations from the
Departments laid before us in their book of
estiraatesat the commencement of each session
of Congress.
Mr. DAWES The gentleman speaks of a
precedent about to be established by tms com-
mittee. Why, the gentleman knows that there
has not been an appropriation bill passed
through Coneress for twenty years that was not
full of these debts of the Government.
Mr. ORTH. This committee has not been
in existence for twenty years, aud^ whatever
may sometimes have been done in the Closing
hours of the session not one in twenty ot the
appropriation bills have contained these tli ings.
But I submit to the committee whether if the
precedents have run twenty years, knowing
thcin to be mischievous and wrong, the time
has not arrived when we should stop. I know
nothing of these several claims. Some of them,
I aai told, are recommended by th© Secretary
of the Navy, and others by the Secretary of
War. I am not willing, as one member of the
House, to pay away the people's money unless
the matter has been thoroughly investigated
by the committee which has power and author-
ity to investigate it, and whom we can hold
responsible for the report they may make to
us urging the payment of particular claims.
How unjustly this thing operates! Sir, the
files of the House show the pendency of hun-
dreds and thousands of claims from every por-
tion of this great Government of ours. Here
a dozen or a half dozen, I will not say favored
claimants, have their claims put into this gen-
eral appropriation bill, they being favored by
the action of the Committee on Appropriations
to the exclusion of others equally as merito-
rious, and whose claims ought to receive the
equal regard and attention of Congress. Are
we to introduce a great mass of claims of
American citizens upon general appropriation
bills? Is this Appropriation Committee to
assume to itself, or to be charged with the
investigation of these claims ? Not at all. Its
proper duty, as defined by the rules of the
House, which have created it, is that they
shali confine their appropriate action to well-
known objects, and not to go through the
country to hunt up some gentleman who has
a claim for $20,000, and another who has a
claim for $2,000, and so on. I submit that
such legislation is vicious and ought to be
stopped; and I hope this committee will strike
out every one of these claims before closing
its labors on this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, laskthegentlemanfrom
Massachusetts to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Irenewtheamendment;
and, Mr. Chairman,! do so merely for the pur-
pose of making a remark. It is said that a
large number of items in this portion of this
appropriation bill provide simply for the pay-
ment of claims. There is but one claim the
payment of which is provided for, and that is
the claim for carrying the mails in Massachu-
setts. If it be objectionable to pro vide for the
payment of claims in this bill, that objection
lies to that one item of the bill; but I do not
understand that objection lies to a singleother
item in this bill. And I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, for
my own information and the information of the
Committee of the Whole, if this appropriation
bill, instead of making specific appropriations
for the payment of individuals or companies by
name, made appropriations for general pur-
poses indicated in the bill, whether out of those
general appropriations these claims would not
be paid by the Departments of the Govern-
ment? Here is a paragraph providing for the
payment of Horatio Ames the amount now
due him for wrought-iron rifled guns. Suppose
instead of putting that clause into an appro-
priation bill we had made a general appropri-
ation for the payment of ordnance, would not
this description of payments be paid out of
that general appropriation without any further
action on the part of the Committee on Appro-
priations ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly. If we appropri-
ated hundreds of thousands of dollars for the
Ordnance Bureau they would go for the purpose
of paying the debts of the Government^ The
Secretary of the Navy has stated that this is a
debt, and the oniy reason it has not been paid
is because the Navy Department has not had
appropriation enough. It is within the ordin-
! ary expenses of the Navy Department just as
I much as any item wo have appropriated for.
j Mr. JUDD. Let me ask the chairman of
; the Committee on Appropriations to have read
' for the information of the House the specific
S items accompanying the letter of the Secretary
| of the Navy.
I Mr. LAWRENCE. V/aituntil I get through.
