i87a
eommmowAij GI,obe.
3045
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [l^r, Ifoir
man] does not properly come. in as pa amend-
ment to the paragraph now pending, -which
refers entirely to iron hoops and cotton ties
made of hoop iron. The article to which the
gentleman refers is not made of hoop iron.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts inform the committee what class
of iron is intended to be indicated by the de-
scription "twisted ties?"
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If those
words in the three hundred and seventy-sixth
lino include the article to which the gentleman
from Indiana refers I think they should be
stricken out.
Mr, GRISWOJjD. I desire to make another
remark. It may be that hay is sometimes
banded with hoops, but the article of wire is
an article that is in very common use with hay
producers for binding up hay after it is pressed,
and I think it must be intended to be covered
bv the words "twisted ties."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then
those words may be struck out in the other
paragraph.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Of course wire used in
banding hay could not come in under th«
heading of hoop iron.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. And it ia
for that reason I think the amendment is out of
order as moved to the pending paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] on behalf of the Committee of Ways
and Means, assente to the amendment to the
extent that "twisted ties" for banding hay
shall be put on the same footing as cotton ties.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and there were On a division*—
ayes 37, noes 67 ; no quorum voting,
The CHAIRMAN, under the rale, appointed
tellers; and appointed Mr. Holjcan, and Mr.'
Hoqp£R of Massachusetts.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 88, noes 83.
So the amendment of Mr, Holman was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr., Connbr's
motion, to strike out the paragraph.
The question was put; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read as foHows:,
On all iron rolled or hammered in shapes, and on
iron known as angle iron, whether In forma of T, L,
and H, or any other forms than round, square, or
flat, not otherwise specified, H cents per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I . move to amend that
paragraph by striking out the word "specified"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "pro-:
vided for, but not including iron rails for rail-
roads."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means what quality of iron the lattera T,
L, and H apply to if not to railroad iron ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is .used in the con-
struction of buildings and bridges, as girders,
and in various ways; but inasmuch as there is
a doubt whether that might not raise the price
of railroad iron, the committee thought it best
to put in a provision that it shall not apply to
railroad iron.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would say to
the gentleman from Missouri that the tubular
bridge at Montreal is made almost exclusively
of this kind of iron-
Mr. SCHENCK. It is to prevent its rai sing
the price of railroad iron and to ponfine it to
these girders for bridges and things of that
kind that the amendment is offered.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out " 1J cents per
pound" and inserting "$20 per ton." The
present duty is 1£ cents per pound. Hereto-
fore, where the duty was 1J cents per pound,
as m the paragraph on page 15, commencing
with " ironbars," the Committee of the Whole
h^s fixed ti)e duty at $22 40 per ton. To
correspond with the amendments heretofore
adopted the rate op this class of iron should
be $22 40 per ton, or $20 a ton, as some mem-
bers of the Committee of the Whole have pro-
posed. I think that $20 a top would be a fair
duty proportioned to the duty imposed on the
classes of irop wo have passed, I therefore
move the amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. This iron kpown ^8' 'apgle
iron " in forms of T, lj, and H>, i  principally
manufactured in Pennsylvania, and is qsed
for the purpose of making bridges for railroads
and for common roads. It is also used for
gifdpre and beams in fife-proof buildings, for
the fronts of warehouses and establishments
of that kind. The rate pf duty proposed in
this bill is the saipe ratp of duty under which
it has been fpr the last four or five years. It
is a manufacture of iron that is comparatively
new., It requires that it should be carefully
protected by a judicious tariff. In conversation
with men who are engaged in making it I have
learned that thpre is very little profit on it at
the rate at which it is sold now in the Ameri-
can market. Of so little profit is it to the man-
ufacturers that the ^aperintendept of one of
the most extensive manufactories ip Pennsyl-
vania tola me that during the last year the
profits ui t^ie mvmfactyre of their establish'
ment did not exqeed 6 per cent., and they paly
kept up the manufacture of it fqr the purpose
of taking Care of their workmen, providing
them aliving, and keeping them, together. That
manufactory has, I think, ip its employment
about 1,500 persons making this kind of man-
ufacture. There are others in my district em'
ploying, three or four times as many as that.
I think there are C.OQO persons atlea^t at work
at itnow in my district, and upop whom depend
some four or five times as many perspps fqr
their living. Twenty-five thousand peqple in
that single congressional district ip Pennsyl-
vania depend upon this manufacture.. If this
duty is changed from $28 a top, that is, J j
cents per ponndidown to $20 a ton, it will put
it down so low that it will promote an inunda-
tion of this kind of iron from abroad, and will
throw put of emplpyment all that number of
individuals of whom 4 h^ve spqlien.
Kpw, I dp know as a matter of fact, from
my own experience that this manufactory has
not only given employment,to thaft number of
men, but that it has afforded a market to a
large number of farmers, within tep, fifteen,
and twenty railea arqund it; and the price of
land around tliatmanufoctory haSiwithin a very
shprttimes risen from' sqmething like $60 an
acre to $120 ftp acre, for agricultural purppses,
It is therefore a kipd of manufacture that ought
to be encouraged ; and if we permit this dpty
as it stands to day, and as it has stood during
the infancy of this manufacture, to ha stricken
down, the result will inevitably be to close up
these manufactories apd turn out of employ-
ment something lilfe Bix thousand people in
the county pf Chester alone, and probably one
hundred thousand or more in the State of
[Here the hammer fell,]
The question was taken on Mr. Borchard a
amendment; and it was rejectefl—-ayes twenty -
four, noes not counted.
Mr. BURCHARD. I now move to make it
$22 40 per ton. This iron is imported, what-
ever there is of itimpqrted, as " unpnuraerated
iron " at 1J cents per pound. Its average value
is 2 cents per pound- The present duty is 66
per cent. The dnty that I now prqpose would
be 50 per cent. I want to koow of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if a duty of 60 per cent,
on iron is not suffioient? I find that very little
of this uneoumerated iron has been imported
for the last two or three years; very few tons
comparatively, and of very little value. And
the duty I have proposed will correspond, as
I have said, with the duty which the Commit-
tee of the Whole h&salready fifed, which was
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
at lj cents per pound; the Committee of the
Whole reduced that to 1 cent per pound, or
$22 40 per ton. It seems to me that there is
no necessity for keeping up this rate of duty
when "we h^ve redaced the duty upon the raw
material, pig irqn, and when the Committee
qf Ways and Means reported a duty upon pig
iron $2 less than the present duty. If the duty
on this iron shall be kept up the consumer will,
get no benefit whatever from the reduction upon .
pig iron, but it will be solely for the benefit of
the manufacturers of iron.
Mr. CESSNA. We will put the duty back
on pig iron.
Mr. BURCHARD. You cannot get it up to
$9 per ton, and perhaps not up to $7 per ton.
We do not propose that the manufacturers of
irou shall get all the benefit of this reduction
on the raw material, but want that the con-
sumers of the country, who are interested in
cheap transportation and in cheap railroads
and in the cheap forms of iron consumed in
this country, shall get the benefit of it, aud not
the manufacturers of iron.
Mr. TOWNSEND. As the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bubchard] has appealed to me
in regard to this matter, I wish to say that he
is mistaken in reference to the price of this
kind of iron. If I remember aright the price
of this iron ranges frqm $75 to $85 per ton.
Mr. BURCHARD. In this country ?
Mr. TOWNSEND. Yes, in this country.
The amount of iron imported under the head
of unenumerated articles, which includes -this
kind of iron, was over $5,000,000 during the
last year, and a greater part of it, I believe,
was of tnis kind of iron. In order to keep it
out, so. as to give us a fair share of the mar-
ket, we want this duty kept precisely where it
is to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate pppn this amend'
ment is exhausted.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out ",40
cents," so as to make the duty $22 per ton.
I do this for the purpose of calling ^ntion^o
the difference in the dnty upop this quality of
iron, which enters into the structure,of bridges,
the duty upon which is $28 per ton, and the
duty upon railroad iron which is now $14 per
ton, according to the existing law.
Mr. MAYNARD, Does thegentleman want
us,to go abroad, to England, for iqsMtacp, to get
our bridge iron? .... . - .
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes, if
can get it cheaper there. .. 1
Ijr. KEBR. Of course we dp. r-;, ~
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Tfyere is
this wonderful difference made in th® duty pa
iron; the dpty on iron necessary for the build-
ing of bridges, and which is just a? essential to
railroads as railroad iron itself, )$ put at $28
per ton in this bill; whjle upder the existing
law railroad iron is put at a dfity of $14 per
ton. I hope the amendment of tnpgentlemv1
from Illinois [Mr. BpifCHABP] will be adopted,
I withdraw my amendment to the amendme1!1'
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by ^r* Burchaud, to make the duty
$22 40 per ton; and upop a division there
wpre—aygs 55, noes 71.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DOX called for tellers.
Tellers were orderedj wd Mr. HoopfR,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. BuRC^fSO were
appointed- . , , : „
The committee win divided; findt®'|'
eys reported that there were-*-ayes 58, noes 72.
Sq the amendment was not agrepd to<
Mr. A$PER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out'' H ce"ts P"
and inserting in lieu therppf the worqs ,
per ton." The argument in support of this
amendment, it seems tq me, has been map®
very pointedly by the gentleman from llnoois,
[Mr. Burchaw.] I dp OQt know that it ig
necessary for me to add appther word in that
