3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
direction. It seems to me that having reduced
the duty upon pig iron we should also reduce
it upon all the other classifications of iron in
the same proportion.
Mr. BLA1 it. It would be better and wiser
to put up the duty on pig iron.
Mr. ASPER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Blair] says it would be wiser to put
up again the duty upon pig iron. But the gen-
tleman must remember that the committee of
"Ways and Means did report a reduction of $2
per ton on pig iron, and the Committee of the
Whole made a further reduction of $2 per
ton, or a total reduction of $4 per ton. Ihe
articles comprised within this paragraph enter
largely into the buildiug of bridges and into
various other uses, and it seems to me this
duty ought not to be kept np.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Townsexd] argues that if this duty is reduced,
then this establishment and that establishment
and the other establishment within his district
will stop, and some two or three thousand of
his constituents will be turned out of employ-
ment. Now, I do not believe it to be true that
those men will be turned out of employment
if a reduction be made in the amount of this
duty. Is it possible that in order to keep those
men at work, in order to continue those estab-
lishments in operation in manufacturing iron
and sending it over the country, they must have
a bounty paid to them by the consumers? For
this high duty implies necessarily an increased
price of the article. They call it " protection
to the manufacturing interests," which implies
an increase of price. Now, it seems to me that
no such extreme protection is neededj that
$24 a ton ought to be a sufficient protection to
enable these gentlemen to carry on their busi-
ness at a fair profit. The amendment which I
offer will bring this paragraph into harmony
with the redactions which have already been
made in the bill, and which I believe will be
hereafter sustained by the vote of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Asper, there were—ayes 48, noes 79.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Asper and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 67.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out " 1J cents per pound"
and inserting in lieu thereof "$26 per ton."
I offer this amendment in good faith. By the
amendments already adopted the duty on'' iron
bars, rolled or hammered, comprising flat bars
less than one and a half inches, or more than
four inches wide, and less than one half of an
inch and not less than three eighths of an inch
thick, and on iron bars, rolled or hammered,
more than two inches thick" has been fixed at
$22 40 per ton. That was the vote of the Com-
mittee of the Whole yesterday. When we come
to examine this angle iron which is spoken of
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
ToWNSEND,3and which is used for the purpose
of bridge-building, it will be found, I think, (I
do not profess to be conversant with the differ-
ent kinds of iron,) that though it is a superior
quality of iron, yet so far as regards the labor
involved the difference is not material. If the
committee has acted in good faith heretofore
in making the reduction on the other classes
of iron, $2 a ton is certainly not too great a
reduction on this. The duty named in the bill,
H cents per pound, is equivalent to $28 per ton.
My motion proposes a reduction of $2. In our
previous tariff bills this kind of iron, strange
tosay, (and I call the attention of the commit-
tee to the fact,) has not been recognized as a
distinct class, but has been included in iron
" not otherwise provided for."
Mr. BURCHARD. "Rolled and ham-
mered iron, not otherwise provided for."
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, ctqd the rate has been 1$
cents. Hence this class of iron has not been
recognized as of that high quality which the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
would imply. If it had been it would have been
specified as other irons of high quality are, and a
particular rate of duty imposed. But admitting
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is right,
my proposition to make a reduction of $2 a
ton is simply in accord with the reductions
which have been made on other classes of
manufactured iron. We have reduced the
duties in about this ratio, sometimes a little
more, sometimes a little less, on manufactured
iron j while on pig iron a greater reduction,
$4 on the ton, has been made. Hence, I say,
if the committee are acting in good faith, if
they are in earnest in reducing this tariff, then
it is their duty to vote for this proposition. If
they are not, but intend when they go into the
House to restore the duties where the Commit-
tee of the Whole have reduced them, then
they had better say so now. If they are hon-
est and do not intend to cheat the country we
ought to make a corresponding reduction on
all these kinds of iron. I think this proposi-
tion is a fair one, and I hope the proposition
will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the quality
of iron now under discussion is required to be
the best, the most tenacious, and the most
perfectly wrought of any class of iron. It is
for the purpose of girders for large buildings
and store-houses. It is for the purpose of
bridges over which heavy trains are to be borne
rapidly. It should be as accurately tested as
iron can be. It is rolled or hammered iron.
There should be a responsibility attached to
this iron which may be easily reached. It is
most important it should be of home manufac-
ture, and that the character of the firm or
establishment that makes it should be respons-
ible to the people if an accident happens by
reason of the inferiority of the quality of iron
or its imperfect manufacture. The proposition
now under consideration proposes no advance
in the rate of duty. It proposes to maintain it,
and is only brought before the Committee of
the Whole because it was suggested to the
Committee of Ways and Means that under this
description it might be alleged we had intended
to embrace T and N rail, and therefore a clause
was inserted excluding them from its operation
and keeping them where they stand, at 70 cents
a hundred pounds.
Now, there is no sense in mnning a muck
at every branch of manufacture. There is no
propriety in trying to derange the industries of
the country on small questions such as are
raised by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] We are not engaged in a party con-
test; we are not engaged in any matter of
political strife; we are legislating for the rev-
enues of the country, ana as far as we can,
having dne regard to the revenues of the coun-
try and the interests of consumers, for the
industries of the country.
Mr. Chairman, this is comparatively a new
branch of business. In the course of his re-
marks in the general debate my colleague on
the committee from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] or
rather I believe it was in the course of my
remarks, stated there were only three or four
establishments making this iron. Their num-
ber is growing; they are using the best iron
from the Marquette region, and the best iron
from the Champlain region; and the establish-
ments of this kind in the district of my col-
league from West Chester [Mr. Townsend] are
giving employment to every railroad between
the Marquette region and the heartof Pennsyl-
vania, and every railroad from the Champlain
region southward to the same district. They
have established their character. They are, like
other establishments competing with them,
responsible. The bridges built all over the
country, and the large store-houses built in
Boston, New York, Chicago, and other large
cities, are guarantied by their character, which
would not 1)6 the case if this heavy iron were
imported under low rates of duty.
Mr. VAN TRUMP rose.
Mr. KELLEY. In the last minute of my
five minutes I cannot yield, although I should
be glad to yield to the gentleman irora Ohio.
The blow can only be at the laborers. Ono
year ago 40 per cent, were added to the duty
existing by law under the price of gold. One
year ago gold was selling at 143, and it is now
selling at 113. There has been a reduction of
80 per cent., which the manufacturers of this
article feel. Gentlemen refer to the repeal of
the internal revenue tax. We are collecting
$170,000,000 of internal revenue tax. With
this tax still existing you cannot make a reduc-
tion in the tariff at the cost of any other people
than the laborers of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred on Mr. Logan's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 57, noes 70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD stated that he was paired
with Mr. Faunsworth.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I think we have had enough
talk about this angle iron. I ask unanimous
consent that the debate on this paragraph may
now cease.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope we may be allowed
five minutes more.
Mr. SCHENCK. Since I cannot have unan-
imous consent to close the debate I move that
the committee rise, and I will move in the
House that the debate shall close in half a
minute.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, according to the order of the
House, had had under consideration the state
of the Union geuerally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of th$ special order all debate
on the pending paragraph be closed in half a
minute after the consideration of the same
shall have been resumed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by lim-
iting the time to fifteen minutes.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and there were, on a division-
ayes 41, noes 75.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
On orderingtellers there were—ayes eighteen.
So (one fifth of a quorum not having voted
in the affirmative) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes thirty-three.
So (more than one fifth of those present
voting in the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] if he will be satisfied
with ten minutes, and not insist on ealling the
roll.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We will not be satisfied
with the gentleman's proposition. The gen-
tleman's compromise is offered too late.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment, on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 114, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beok,
Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Buroh&rd, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook. Conner, Cox, Dcgener, Dockery, Dox,
Eldri4ge, P(f)kelnbujfr, Fox.G-etz, Griswqld. Vfaight,
