4934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Mr, JUDD. Then I ask the question why
all the ite©s the Secretary indorses were not
also included in this bill?
Mr. LAWRENCE. A word or two more.
Let me illustrate my idea. In Ap«l> 1869,
Congress specifically provided in an appropri-
ation bill for certain Indian claims known as
the Harney claims. We afterward made au
appropriation of $2,000,000 for general Indian
purposes, and outof that Indian appropriation
there were paid $100,000 of tlie Harney claims.
Claims properly audited and acknowledged,
debts of the Government, will be paid whether
you name them specifically in the appropriation
bills or not, when you make appropriations
for general purposes which embrace them. 1
should object and I should be opposed to mak-
ing any specific appropriation for the settlement
of any claim or the adjustment of any claim in
an appropriation bill; but hero the object is,
as the payment would be made whether specific-
ally named or not, to fix exactly the amount to
be appropriated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That the sarae be paid outof the appro-
priation for the Ordnance Bureau contained in the
appropriations for the Navy Department for the
fibcal year ending June 30,18V1.
I understand the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, to say that this is not a private
claim ; that it is a debt which the Government
owes to this individual, and which the Depart-
ment lias neglected to pay because of the want
of money to liquidate the debt, and thai hence
a necessity has arisen for the appropriation
asked for in this bill. We'll, the gentleman from
Massachusetts ought certainly to be familiar
with the estimates, and 1 presume is familiar
with them. But the book of estimates that has
been sent to us here by the Department does
not bear out the statement of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I find it reported in tho
book of estimates that there are about eight
million dollars to tho credit of that bureau
which may be made available for the ensuing
fiscal year. Therefore, there must have been
money on hand there all tho time out of which
this debt, as every other debt against the Navy
Department chargeable to the Bureau of Ord-
' nance, might have been paid.
Now, it would appear, according to the state-
ment made to the committee, that the thing
has gone in this way : the Department has
estimated for a certain amount year after year
for ordnance. We have appropriated generally
the amount they have asked. They have gone
on and expended that amount which we have
appropriated, and run in debtin excess of it, as
the gentleman from Massachusetts has said,
and after they have done so, and we have made
the appropriation according to their estimate
for the next year, instead of taking the money
and paying the debt and using the balance for
the current expenses, they have left the debt to
continue against the Government and used up
8,11 their money for other purposes. I say that
this House should put a stop to that sort of
thing, and should say to this Ordnance Bureau,
"Yon shall not go one inch beyond the appro-
priations, especially in time of peace, which
we have made for your use." But this does
not appear to have been the case here. Here
there has been mouey all the time. And inas-
much as that is the fact, the Navy Department
roust have considered this a claim against the
Government which they had not the right to
pay in i heir discretion.
Now, let me say a word as to the character
of this legislation generally. All private claims
against the Government are for debts alleged
to lie owing by the Government. That is the
nature of every claim presented to this Con-
gress year atier year. They are all debis which
the Government owe, and are proper subjects
l'or adjudication by tbe proper committee.
This is no exception to the various claims that
are presented and referred to the appropriate
committee year after year. During the time
I have served in Congress I have never known
private claims of this character attached to an
appropriation bill and sought to be carried
through as it is sought to carry these. It is
true, as has been stated, that we have some-
times incorporated them with an appropriation
bill by amendments. But every gentleman
knows that if this claim had been introduced
as an amendment to this bill it would have
been properly ruled out by the Chair. It is of
the very same nature as the various claims that
havebeeu offered—oneofthem by my colleague
from the St. Louis district, [Mr. Wells]—to
the Indian appropriation bill when that bill
was under consideration.
[Here the hammer fell]
Sir. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to oppose
the amendment for the purpose of asking the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
a question. I d.oubt very much the propriety
of paying this claim. Tho appropriation is
certainly a very barge one. 1 desire to ask the
chairman of the committee whether these guns
furnished by Mr. Ames were ever put in use
by the Government, or were ever placed in a
condition to be used?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will see by
the language used in the paragraph under con-
sideration that the guns were tested and re-
ceived by the Department from Mr. Ames under
the contract.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Are they now
in use or in a condition to be used?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what has b:>en
done with them since.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. 1 know some-
thing about these guns. And I desire to learn
whether the Committee on Appropriations have
informed themselves thoroughly on the subject,
and whether they found that these guns were
accepted in a condition to be used by the Gov-
ernment, and whether they have not since been
laid aside.
Mr. DAWES. In the letter from the Secre-
tary of the Navy which I caused to bo read the
Secretary states that these guns were accepted
in a condition to be used. But as regards
other guns, he states that Mr. Ames will have
a further claim on the Government when these
are delivered.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Does the letter
from the Secretary which was read at the
Clerk's desk give all the information which the
committee received on the subject,?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not. Tho Secretary
came before the committee. We did not see
Mr. Ames at all. He did not come before the
committee. The Secretary came before us, and
he put it on the ground that we had paid a por-
tion of the amount due.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then all I have
to say is that these appropriations are mere
private claims.
Mr. DAWES. In regard to the amendment,
I should not have a word to say against it if it
were a part of the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment ; but this is an old debt, and the Navy
Department says we have not appropriated
enough for it. The gentleman should not for-
get it, for he was upon a committee of confer-
ence that settled one of the deficiency bills in
which we transferred over a million dollars
from the Ordnance Bureau to the Treasury.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They reported, before we
made that transfer, that they had a large amount
of money on hand. Now, why did they not pay
this claim ? I understand the gentleman to say
it was not paid because they had not the money,
Mr. DAWES. The) wanted to use the money
in construction. The present naval adminis-
tration was desirous of expending a great deal
of money on construction and repairs of ves-
sels, and perhaps they kept it for that purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then the reason they dii
not pay it was not because they did not, have
money enough for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. The reason they did not pay
it was because they had not the money, as the
Secretary says in his letter, to pay it, and carry
on the works wliicb they were carrying on. It
would have crippled them.
Now, I want to know why a plain, bona fide
debt, due under our written contract between
the Government and an individual, shallnotbe
paid merely because the appropriation is in a
wrong place, in the wrong bill- Ihe gentle-
man from Missouri is quite mistaken when he
says that this is the first instance of a claim
being reported in an appropriation bill. He
can turn to a miscellaneous appropriation bill
for the last twenty years in which lie will find
appropriations for liquidated debts for claims.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Thegentlemau
says that this is a claim founded upon a con-
tract. It has been standing for some three or
four years. Why was it not presented to the
Court of Claims ?
Mr. DAWES. Because there is nothing to
adjudicate any more than there would be in
the case of the Secretary's salary and its pay-
ment. All that was needed was the appro-
priation.
[Here the haunnci fell.]
Mr. JUDD. 1 desire the chairman of the
committee to read the various items that come
from the Navy Department, and then to explain
those which ho lias put in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. With the leave of the House
I willread. The first is the " Providence Steam-
Engine Company, $29,5o0." Since this list was
made they have paid $>14,00!), leaving a balance
of 5?lo,GoO. We have au amendment covering
that amount.
Mr. KELLKY. I would ask the gentleman
what the Providence Company is for?
Mr. DAWES. For machinery and tools ; it
is nor tin; Corliss matter. The next is the
Lowell Manufacturing Company. We found
nobody that kunw anything about that except
the Secretary, and we left it out.
Mr. JUDD. If the Secretary's statement
was sufficient for other purposes, why did they
not act upon his statement in ail these cases?
Mr. McCOKMICK, of Missouri. I suggest
to the gentleman that these papers would be
better understood by the House if they were
read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. KELLBY. 1 would like to get some
information i-i leference to that Providence
Company.
Mr. DAWES. The Lowell Machine-Shop
claim was overruled becausc nobody called our
attention to it except the Secretary.
Mr. J ODD. When was that amendment
agreed to by the Committeeon Appropriations?
Mr. DAWES. Just after we reported the
bill.
Mr. .TUBD. Since this discussion com-
menced?
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no ; it was agreed to by
the committee the next day after we reported
the bill. We reported it in a hurry, in order
that we might get it in on a Monday, so that
we could have the rules suspended. Then we
took up the rest of these claims and agreed to
some of them as amendments.
The next on the list is that of tho American
Arms and Nuts Company, for finished nuts,
for §10,022 92. I do not! *no\vanything about
that, except tho statement in the letter of the
Secretary ol the Navy. Therefore we did not
put that in this bill.
i he next is the account of the Corliss Steam-
Engine Company, for one pair sixty-inch eu-
gines lor United States steamer Illinois, now
on the stocks at Portsmouth, navy-yard, and
one pair one hundred inch engines for tlie
United Stales steamer Pompanoosuc, now on
the stocks at Philadelphia navy-ya.rd, for
$257,088. In
regard to that account we rc-
j eeived a note from a Senator staling that they
I had reason tor investigating that claim before
j a committee. We therefore said we would
j not^toach it until after that investigation,
j The next on the list is Pusoy, Jones & Co.,
t for balance of reservation on one pair of forty-
