3990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
thereon; but the provisions of this section shall not
apply to any stamp appropriated to denote the tax
charged on proprietary articles, or articles enum-
erated in schedule C.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted. That any person
may present to the collector of the district in which
he resides, under the regulations of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, any instrument not pre-
viously issued or used, and require his opinion
whether the same is chargeable with any sto,mp duty;
and if the collector is of opinion that such instru-
ment is chargeable with any stamp duty, he shall,
upon payment therefor, affix and cancel the proper
stamp. The collector shall impress upon every instru-
ment so presented to him a particular stamp, to be
provided for that purpose, with such words or device
thereon as he shall deem proper, which shall denote
that such instrument .is chargeable only with the
duty indicated by thestamp affixed, or is not charge-
able with any stamp, as he may decide. Every
instrument upon which said stamp is impressed shall
be deemed to be chargeable only with the duty
denoted by the stamp afflxed, or not chargeable
with any duty, as the case may be. and shall be
received in evidence in all courts. When any sneh
instrument relates to or affects real estate, it shall
bo so presented to the collector of the district in
which such real estate is situated, and the said pro-
visions shall apply in such case.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid as taxes upon every
package, parcel, article, or thing mentioned and de-
scribed in schedule G the several amounts of money
set down in figures against the same, respectively, or
othorwise speoified or set forth in said schedule, the
payment of which amounts shall bo indicated and
proved by adhesive stamps to be affixed to such pack-
age, parcel, article, or thing, and canceled in the
manner prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and the articles named in said schedule of
foroign jnaiiufacturo imported into the United States
shall, in addition to the import duties imposed on
the same, bo subject to the taxes therein prescribed,
and shall have the proper stamps affixed thereon and
canceled; and any person who shall sell or offer for
sale any of such articles, whether of foroign or do-
mestic manufacture, shall be deemed the manufac-
turer Uiereot', and shall bo subject to all the taxes,
liabilities, and penalties imposed by law upon such
manufacturers; and the Commissioner of Internal
Rovenuo may, from timototimo, furnish and deliver
to any manufacturer of friction or other matches,
eigar-lights or wax tapers, a suitable quantity of ad-
hesive or otherstamps, such as may bo prescribed for
use in such eases, without prepayment therefor, on
a crcdit of not exceeding sixty days, requiting, in
advanco, a bond in a penal sum of not less than
double the denominate value of such stamps, with
, such security as ho may judge necessary to secure
payment therefor to the United States within the
, time prescribed for such payment; and upon all such
bonds or other securities taken by said Commissioner
suits may ho maintained in the circuit or distiict
court of tho United States in tho several districts
whero aiiy of the persons giving said bonds or other
securities reside, or may be found, in any appropriate
form of action.
Mr. S TON 13. I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment, to eome in as an additional section imme-
diately after section twenty-eight.
The SPEAKER. Section twenty-nine lias
been read.
Mr. SOHENCK. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Stone] has a new section which he
desires to offer, and 1 hope he may be permit-
ted to put it in before section twenty-nine, if
it is to go in at all.
The Clerk read Mr. Stone's amendment, as
follows;
Sec. 28h. And be it further enacted. That any officer
of tho United States, or of any State, whoso duty it
is to receivo and lccord any instrument of writing,
requiring a stamp, who shall receive and record any
instrument requiring a stamp without being duly
stamped as required by this act, shall for each in-
strument so recoived and recorded forfeit and pay
the sum of $100.
Mr. POTTER. That is an exceedingly dan-
gerous section.
Mr. HOLMAN. When this subject first
came up in this House great doubt existed as
to whether Congress could declare void an
instrument upon which title to land might
depend, and experience shows, so far as I am
aware, that the judgment of the country is
against this power being exercised by Con-
gress. So far as I am aware, the courts have
held that Congress cannot impose these lim-
itations; that Congress cannot tax the testi-
mony to be admitted in courts of justice in
soveieign States; that while in behalf of the
Federal Government it may have power to
tax any act or thing necessary to the proper
exercise of the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment, on the other hand the Federal Govern-
ment cannot so exercise its power as to impair
the just rights of States. In my own State very
recently, under the old law which imposed a
tax on official bonds, the court of final resort
held that Congress could not impose such
restraints oa testimony. Why, sir, it would
be a monstrous proposition that by an .act of
Congress you could determine the titles by
which in the several States lands are held.
Mr. STONE. The object of this section is
simply to impose a penalty on the officer whose
duty it is to receive an instrument aud to record
it for receiving such instrument unstamped
and recording it. Now this law imposes a
penalty of fifty dollars on every one who circu-
lates an unstamped instrument or issues one,
and the officer of the law who receives such an
instrument and records it is presumed to know
whether or not it should be stamped.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I should like to know of
the gentleman where Congress gets its author-
ity to impose penalties on officers over whom
the United States have no jurisdiction, and over
whom they have no control; in other words,
over State officers ?
Mr. STONE. They do not get jurisdiction
over the State officer; they get jurisdiction over
the man. If they have a right to impose a
penalty on myself for issuing an unstamped
instrument they have a right to impose it on
my friend before me for receiving it and record-
ing it. I can see no possible difference; if
Congress lias a right to impose a penalty in the
one case it certainly has to impose it in the
other. They do not impose it on the officer ;
they impose it on the man.
Mr. WJSLKER. Let me ask the gentleman
one question. I see it is provided in the bill
that a party may submit a paper to the Com-
missioner to know if it is liable to be stamped.
Now, the gentleman proposes to impose a pen-
alty on the recorder who may misjudge as to
whether an instrument brought to him for
record requires a stamp or not.
Mr. STONE. The judgment of the Com-
missioner is a perfect protection to the recorder.
Mr. WELKER. But suppose the party goes
to the recorder first, supposing that the instru-
mentdoes not require a stamp, and the recorder
decides that it does not?
Mr. STONE. The party who receives the
instrument ispresumedto knowand must know
his duty.
Mr. ALLISON. I submit to the gentleman
that we have got along very well without this
provision for a good many years.
Mr. STONE. We have not in some districts
to my certain knowledge. I think, however,
that the penalty I have proposed in this section
is perhaps too high, and I will modify my
amendment so as to make the penalty ten dol-
lars instead of $100. I think that is a sufficient
amount.
Mr. POTTER, It seems to me that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Stone] is wholly without con-
stitutional authority. With the very high re-
spect, however, which I have for his opinion
upon such questions, I shall not press that
view of the amendment upon the House. Be-
sides, sir, a question of constitutional author-
ity is not a question which, if I may judge from
my brief experience here, any man can press
upon this House with much advantage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman might
with great propriety press such a consideration
upon my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Stone.]
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman refers to
the other side of the House.
Mr. POTTER. Yes, to that majority to
which neither the gentleman from Wisconsin
nor myself belongs. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the proposition of the gentleman
from Maryland, even if it be constitutional, is
a most dangerous one for us to adopt. The
business of a recording officer is simply to
record what is brought to liim. He is purely
a ministerial officer, and should not be clothed
with any right to judge what should and what
should not be admitted to record. In many
cases the right to property affected by a paper
depends very much upon the recording of the
paper. And it would not be proper to give a
recording officer the power to say to any man
who comes in with his paper to be recorded,
" I will not record this paper because it is not
properly stamped," and thus put him aside,
while he records mean time the paper of some
other man, thereby seriously touching, per-
haps, the same property and affecting the
rights which would have been secured to the
first comer had his paper been recorded when
pre'sented.
There is now a remedial provision in this
bill which permits a party having an instrument
not properly stamped to go before the desig-
nated officer and procure it to be properly
stamped, and when so stamped the stamping
relates back to the date when it ought to have
been affixed, and the instrument becomes in
every regard as valid as if stamped when first
issued; so that the record of an unstamped
instrument can thus be made good. But the
effect of the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Stone] would be to prevent
any unstamped instrument being recorded, and
thus to do away with that remedial provision
of the law to which I have referred. I think,
sir, this amendment embodies a provision which
is both unconstitutional and dangerous, and I
trust it will not be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of saying thatin many States there
are State laws requiring certain officers to
record upon presentation papers that may be
presented to them for that purpose, such as
deeds, &c.; to record them as soon as presented.
By this amendment it is proposed to punish
those officers for obeying the laws of the State.
And I wish to say another thing. In almost
every office where deeds and other instruments
are recorded the clerical work is performed by
persons not supposed to be familiar with the
law—by women and young men. And yet it is
proposed to punish whoever may be performing
the clerical duty of such an office for what at
bestisasimplewantofdiscretion. Iam entirely
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Stone,] and hope it will
not be adopted. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Thequestion was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Stone ; and it was not
agreed to.
message prom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon their amendments to the
bill (H. II. No. 38) to establish a police court
for the District of Columbia, which amend-
ments were disagreed to by the House; that
they agreed to the couference asked by the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill, and had appointed Mr.
Hamlin, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr. Bayard as
theconferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, of the
following title:
_A bill (S. No. 387) to change the judicial
circuits of the United States.
internal tax bill.
_ The House resumed the consideration of the
inteinal tax bill, and the following section was
read;
Skc.30. Andbe itfurther enacted. That no stamp tax
shall be imposed upon any medicines sold to or lor
tile use of any person, which may be mixed or com-
pounded ior said person according to the writ tea
receipt or prescription of any physician or surgeon.
Jiut nottnng• m this section shall be construed to ex-
empt irom stamp tax any medicinal articles,whether
simple or compounded by any rule, authority, or for-
mula, published or unpublished, which are put up in
a style or manner similar to that of patent or pro-
prietary medicines in general, or advertised in news-
papers or by public handbills for popular sale and
use, as baying any special proprietary claim to merit
or to any peculiar advantage in mode of preparation,
quality, use, or effect, whether such claim bo real or
pretended.
