1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4935
six and one half inch engines for the Nebraska,
now on the stocks at the Philadelphia navy-
yard, for $40,000. That has not been put in
this bill because our attention has not been
called to it beyond the letter of the Secretary.
Then comes the account of Horatio Ames ;
and then a small account of $9,316 93. These
the Department says will clean up the whole
of the debts against these bureaus. The De-
partment selected out two of them as specially
needed, and sent additional letters in reference
to them, and perhaps that is the reason they
attracted our attention more than the others
did, the letter in relation to Horatio Ames,
and the one in relation to Paul S. Forbes, which
I had read yesterday by the Clerk.
Wherever there was any question at all from
any source we dropped the case. Where there
was nobody to say a word why the debt should
not be paid, we treated it as a debt against, the
Government and put it in the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out the last word, for the
purpose of calling attention to the extraor-
dinary course by which these several private
claims have come before this House for dis-
cussion and consideration. 1 remember when
this bill was reported to the House, and when,
on behalf of the committee reporting it, it was
asked that the reading of the bill be waived.
The gentleman from Indiana [Air. Holman]
who sits before me, who is always vigilant in
watching these private claims, insisted upon
the bill being read, until he was assured by the
gentleman reporting the bill, [Air. Dawes,] in
language that was calculated to allay suspicion,
that there was nothing in the bill in the shape
of independent legislation except in the interest
of economy, or some such expression as that. |
At any rate, the reply was such as was calcu-
lated to allay suspicion, and the gentleman
from Indiana [Air. Holjian] withdrew the ob-
jection he might have made to those items in
an appropriation bill by making points of order
on them under the rules as they were read.
Sir, I am opposed to the whole principle of
such legislation. Here is an appropriation bill
in which we find a whole school of claims,
without time to examine them, without any
reports upon them from the proper committees
to explain them. I am unwilling to take the
mere ex parte statement of any single member
in regard to the justice of these claims. I am
not at all certain but I would vote for every
one of them if they had been properly exam-
ined and reported upon by a proper committee.
When the first of these claims was reached
on yesterday a point of order was raised upon
it, and the statement of the gentleman from
Indiana [Air. Holma^] was substantially ac-
ceded to by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes.] But then some
otber gentleman—I have forgotten who he
was—raised the point whether the statement
was upon the Journal.
By referring to the Journal it appenrs that
there is no record in reference to this matter ;
and because the Journal is not full upon this
point, and because the gentleman from Indi-
ana. [Air. Holmax,] under the statement of the
gentleman from Alassachusetts, [Air. Dawes,]
refrained from pressing his objection, this claim
stands in a position in which it could not have
stood but for the peculiar circumstances. la
view of these circumstances, it seems to me,
the only proper course for the House is to
strike out all these claims and let them be ex-
amined by appropriate committees who can
properly investigate their respective merits.
Air. JUDD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. It seems to me, from my little expe-
rience, that if we begin paying claims in tins
way in an appropriation bill there is no telling
where we shall end. I know some gentlemen
livino- in Illinois who have a very large claim
against the Navy Department for the construc-
tion of vessels and slea.m machinery; but i<
never occurred to them to go before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and ask to have a
provision for their claims inserted in an appro-
priation bill. It never occurred to them that
their claim could be passed in this way.
I would like to understand precisely how
these particular claims happened to be inserted
in this bill. The chairman says that they are
admitted to be debts which have been duly
ascertained and proved, and hence they ought
to be provided for in this b.ill But upon ex-
amination we find that a certain portion of the
liquidated claims reported by the Navy Depart-
ment are rejected by the committee; hence,
those that are inserted in this bill cannot have
been inserted on the ground that the statement
of the Secretary of the Navy is a sufficient
authority for putting them in. These liquidated
debts of the Departments are in part pro-
vided for in this bill and in part omitted—
whether for good or bad reasons is not the
question. In view of the statement made j es-
terday by the chairman of the committee, that
the letter of the Secretary of the Navy inclosed
certain items of indebtedness which have been
liquidated ; and in view of the fact that only i
a portion of those different debts is provided
for in this bill, it looks to me as if a preference
had been made among these creditors and
claimants. Some of these men, iustead of
being obliged to carry their claims through the
ordinary course of litigation in the Court of
Claims, have succeeded in getting them at-
tached to an appropriation bill. If the Com-
mittee on Appropriations had treated the letter
of the
tin,
claims,. , _
that these claims have been duly ascertained
and proved,'' there would have been reason in
such a proceeding; but when the committee
provide for paving a portion of tlie claims,
while they exclude another portion, there does
seem to be an improper preference given to
particular claims. If this is to bo the method
of proceeding pursued by the Committee on
Appropriations, I would suggest that, hereafter
the committee be known as "the Committee
on Appropriations and pet claims, rejected,
or still under examination before other com-
mittees.'' [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. GUIS WOLD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Benjamin", to add a proviso to the para-
graph, the amendment was not agreed to.
The question being taken on the motiou of
Air. AIoore, of Illinois, to strike out the para-
giaph, there were—ayes 33, noes 59 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Air. Dawes and
Air. Benjamin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 77.
So the motion of Air. Moore, of Illinois, to
strike out the paragraph, was not agreed to.
Air. BOLES. I move to amend by inserting
the following:
For this amount to pay Jesse Overton, for quarter-
master's stores .met commissary supplies lurnisheii
for the use of ami used by the armies of the United
States, $ooQ.
Air. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Arkansas [Air. Bolus] to withhold this
amendment till we reach the end of the bill.
Air. BOLES. I think we may as well pass
lHiOn the question now. This is an undoubtedly
just claim. The. claimant has complied with
every requirem
j of law in order to socure its
payment,, and it would have been paid beiure
this time bad 'he not lived in a rebel State.
Theie are, perhaps, a great many other such
claims; but this case is one oi. peculiar ha>'d-
Tlie claimantis about seventy-live yea*, s
with a large family dependent upon
cripple, having had one leg
ship.
of ;.g
him. lie
broken.
Air. DAWES. 1 would like to know whether
this claim has been examined by the proper
Department andbyit recommended to be paid?
Mr. BOLES. There is no objection to the
claim at the Department, except that all claims
originating in Stales lately in rebellion are ^
barred from being considered by the Depart-
ment. The law has been complied with in
every particular, and this claim has been duly
proved before the United States officers.
Air. DAWES. If the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury have passed upon this
claim, and say that it is a debt justly due by the
Government, and that there ought to be an
appropriation for it, I will not raise any objec- ^
tion; but if the gentleman merely brings it here'
upon his own personal knowledge he will see
that the claim stands in a very different posi-
tion. The question is whether any Department
is wilting to take the responsibility of recom-
mending the payment of the claim. I have no
doubt the gentleman is honestly convinced that
the claim is well founded; but I think he must
see a very clear distinction between a claim
unliquidated, unexamined, uncertified, and
such claims as we have been passing upon.
Air. BOLES. I do not ask the gentleman to
take my statement. The papers in regular form
and on tile before the Committee of Claims cor-
roborate every fact I have stated. It is just
such a claim if made out, and the claimant
i resided in Alaryland or in Kentucky, or any
State declared not to be in the_ rebellion,
which would have been at once paid. There
are other claimants who ought to be paid;
but the reason I urge this claim is this: this
man is poor, has a large family, is a crip-
ple, and besides has a father and mother to
support, his father having been a soldier in
the war of the Revolution, and perfectly help-
less, as is his mother. It is a case of great
hardship. We do not ask for hundreds of
thousands of dollars, but merely for the sum
of S6G0, every ceut of which the Government
( has received during the war in the way of sup-
! port for our soldiers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. HOLAIAN. Has the point of order
been made on this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. HOLAIAN. I move to strike out the
appropriation and insert ''one dollar,'' for
the purpose of saying a word. I believe this
claim is before the Committee of Claims. The
effect of the policy of the Committee oil Ap-
propriations and of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Air. Dawes,] who is managing
this bill, is beginning to be seem There are
claims pending before the committees of this
House, and the gentleman comes with those
already included in this bill. They are brought
before this House now as amendments without
the examination and consideration they ought
to have. If the gentleman from Alassachusetts
has in every other respect faithfully fulfilled
his duty as chairman of the Committee on
A impropriations in the interest of economy, he
lias established a mischievous precedent in
allowing this character of claims to be put on
this bill, and has rendered himself liable to the
censurc of the country. It upon no other
ground it is manifestly and palpably unjust to
all other claimants. Wo ought not to confer
upon the Committee on Appropriations the
investigation of private claims, which commit-
tee, in'the nature of things, cannot investigate
and pass upon, after careful examination,
these claims, in view of tnc fact that most of
its time is taken up with general appropriations
to earrv on the Government. Here the Com-
mittee "on Appropriations has put on this gen-
et a! appropriation bill nineteen private claims,
nmounting to the aggregate of &250,000. While
there are millions oi dollars ot claims agamst
the Government, we have them to the extent of
a quarter of a million introduced in ih.s bill,
I and it is proposed to pay them by this favor-
i itisni overall other claims. _
l l'.e pending amendment isa claim fur §uo0
i which is iiow'pendiiig before the Committee
j of Claims, lou cannot with any justice, you
