1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
but it is detrimental to the interests of the pro-
ducing classes, whose earnings and means of
subsiateuec, being exclusively investedin them,
are injuriously affected. These are questions
which challenge immediate attention; they are
pressed upon us by every consideration of
public necessity; we cannot avoid nor pass
over them without dereliction of duty. The
people look to us ; they ask for bread ; do not
give them stones. No partisan considerations
should deter action; the public necessities are
higher than party.
For these reasons I am opposed to the pas-
sage of the bill now under consideration. It
will add to the burdens already existing. It
will materially enhance the cost of many articles
to the consumer, some of which have become
almost indispensable by habit and custom. At
a time when the tendency is to a lower range
of prices Congress, by this measure, will impose
n higher range for the benefit of a few home-
traders and manufacturers, and not in the in-
terest, of the Government or the people. This
will effect a grievous wrong and should not be
attempted. Let us do our duty in the premises.
There should be no partisan influence invoked
to pass this bill. Let the question bo settled
on its merits. Men of all opinions are alike
interested. I have avoided an appeal to party,
and hope no such considerations will prevail.
The effect of a tariff, such as is proposed, upon
the country will be disastrous, not only to the
importing interest, but to all others comprising
the great body of the American people. There
is no one who does not, to some extent, con-
sume something of foreign growth or produc-
tion, and who will not, if this bill becomes a
law, bo mado to bear an additional tax for the
benefit of a few private corporations or indi-
vidual manufacturers. 1t, is against, this unfair-
ness that 1 protest; and I ask the cooperation
of every honest man in this House to oppose
by every legitimate means the perpetration of
so gross au outrage on the rights and well-
being of their constituents. Irrespective of
party let us unite against and defeat a meas-
, are so utterly impolitic and at variance with
sound policy and the general judgment of the
public.
I yield what is left of my time to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. S<;okiki.i>.]
Mr. KKLLKY. I ask my colleague to
yield to mo for a moment to ask the gentle-
man from New York a question.
Mr. SCOFIELl). I have but a lo w minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to fifteen minutes.
Mr. SOOl'TKljl). Mr. Chairman, there is
but one objection raised to the general pur-
poses of this bill. There may be many objec-
tions to some of its details. The duty on par-
ticular articles may be deemed too high or too
low ; the free list may be considered too large
or too small to properly carry out such pur-
poses; but to the purposes themselves I have
heard but a single objection. What are the
purposes? The first purpose is to raise rev-
enue. To this there is no objection from any
quarter. It is agreed on all sides that the tariff
furnishes acheap mode of raising revenue, and
that of all other modes it is least offensive to
the people. The $180,000,000 in gold derived
last year from the tariff gave far less vexation
and offense to the people than the $35,000,000
in currency derived from incomes. Before the
war nearly all the expenses of the Government
were paid by a tariff. Wo differed then as we
differ now about its terms; bat it was agreed
by everybody then, as it is by everybody now,
that a large portion of the necessary revenue
should be raised in this way. All other coun-
tries, as well as our own, have approved and
practiced the same system. A11 advocates of
i'ree trade make an exception in favor of rev-
enue. Having agreed, then, to raise revenue
by a tariff, because it is found least offensive
to the people and least expensive to the Gov-
ernment, the question arises as to the propriety
of departing in any instance from a strict j
revenue rule of making some discriminations
to effect some other beneficial, though collat-
eral purpose. We all agree to one departure.
We all agree to levy the highest duties upon
articles consumed by those who are most able
to pay taxes. This is a discrimination in favor
of the poor. It is a departure from the rev-
enue rule, but is so clearly just and beneficent
that no one complains.
Another departure is proposed. It is called
a discrimination in favor of protection. Here
comes in the objection to which I referred.
Having agreed that we should have a tariff for
revenue, having agreed also that it should dis-
criminatein favor of the poor, we disagree about
this second proposed discrimination. Kxcept
in the matter of details I think we disagree
about no other feature of the bill. Now. let us
consider this difference.
A large amount of capital, not less than
$250,000,000, is invested outside of our coun-
try in the manufacture of articles which are
consumed within it. I refer now only to articles
that might be made at home if wo had the labor
and money here. This estimated amount in-
cludes only the sums directly employed in the
business.
If all tho necessary collateral investments
were to be taken into account, §1,000,000,000
would be none too large. What good does this
investment do the countries where it exists?
It pays into tho foreign treasury many millions
of taxes, and lightens to that extent the taxes
on other property; it assists to build railroads,
canals, and river improvements; it erects
workshops, mills, and dwellings; it contnb-
! utes to the school, the church, the college, tho
j poor, the highway, and the State, But more
i than all this, it employs, supports, or gathers
around it in some dependent manner 5,000,000
of population. This population consists of cap-
italists, managers, engineers, chemists, invent-
ors, superintendents, mechanics, producers,
and laborers. Such a population is necessarily
intelligent, enterprising, moral, industrious,
and thrifty. It is the best of foreign popula-
tion, ami the very people most needed here.
From their occupations and position in society
they believe in and sympathize with republican
institutions. If all this capital and population
could be enticed lo our shores and distributed
equally over the country it would givo to each
congressional district more than $1,000,000,
and add 20,000 to its population. This sum
would bo much larger if the collateral or fol-
lowing investments were to be considered.
Now, sir, why does not this vast capital and
this most desirable population move to America
and perform the work by the side of the mar-
ket and the raw material? Why does it not
make railroads and canals, build towns and
cities, pay taxes, and owe allegiance for and
to the country that furnishes the material and
consumes their manufactures? Is it, because
these enterprises cannot be conducted as
cheaply and profitably in this country as any
other? No, sir; food is cheaper here, cotton
is cheaper, coal lands, ore lands, and nearly
all unworked material are cheaper. Nothing is
dearorscarcebntlaborand capital, tho acquisi-
tion of which is tho matter of consideration.
Why, then, does not, capital and labor come
here of its own accord? Simply because it is
invested and settled in the old country. If the
capital was uninvested and the people unset-
tled, looking for a place to invest and settle,
this country would be chosen at once. But to
sell out and move would involve loss, time,
and trouble. It would sink a large part of the
capital. It is cheaper to pay transportation
both ways. And so it is that while we furnish
both tho raw material and the market for all
this manufacturing population and capital the
old countries have all the advantages of their
society, enterprise, taxes, and allegiance.
Now, we propose to induce this capital and
population to move to Amcrica. We propose
to do it by a little discrimination in the terms
of the tariff, the tariff v/e have already agreed
to levy for other purposes. We propose to
say to these manufacturers, " Ifyou stay out-
side of our country, if you pay your taxes and
give the benefit of your society, enterprise,
and allegiance to another country, we cannot
put you on an equal footing in our market
with those who pay taxes into our Treasury,
help improve and develop our country in time
of peace, and defend it in time of war. We
have already agreed to put a small duty for
revenue upon your goods as they enter our
ports; we will make it a little larger to furnish
you an inducement to move to America, or to
givo those who do move a little advantage in
our market over those who will not." I do
not expect that such a duty, so small an ad-
vantage, will induce these people and this
wealth to come here at once. Valuable mills,
shops, and dwellings cannot be abandoned
and lost. To change these requires time. But
all new enterprises, all capital that would
rebuild or enlarge, all young, unsettled, and
adventurous mechanics and artisans will come
at once. In time all will come. In time it
will be found cheaper to stand the loss of
moving than to pay transportation both ways
with the protective duty added.
Now, sir, why should we not levy this small
additional duty, and thus entice to our shores
this great wealth and industry? Because, it
is said, it will increase the costs of the imported
articles. Admit it; but does not a duty laid
for revenue alone increase the costs also?
Do not all internal taxes have the same ef-
fect? Does not the tax on home manufac-
tures, whisky, or anything else, increase the
price after the tax is paid? Of course it does.
All taxes raise the price of the articles upon
which they are paid. If land is taxed it will
appear in the products of the farm; if railroads,
in the cost of travel and price of freights; if
merchandise, it must be made up in the sales.
You cannot raise revenue and have its burden
nowhere felt, if we are to levy no protective
duty because it will raise the price, then for
the same reason we are to levy no duty what-
ever; for the same reason you cannot tax any
thing. But while I admit that a protective
tariff will raise the price to the consumer in
tho same way that a revenue tariff will, I d<.
not admit that it will raise it in the same
degree. Home competition compels the for-
eign manufacturer to put down his price to the
lowest point of profit—in other words, to stand
a part of the duty; but the importer of articles
for which there is no home competition charges
up the whole duty to the consumer. This in-
creased cost of protected articles is the ouly
objection that has been or can bo raised to a
protective tariff; but if that objection is to pre-
vail, as I have already shown, we can have no
revenue tariff and no internal taxes whatsoever.
Compaie. then, the disadvantage with the
advantages of a protective discrimination. The
only disadvantage claimed is the increase in
price—not large, not oppressive, not much
above the increase from a revenue tariff, to
which all agree—an increase that is neces-
sarily short-lived, diminishing constantly as
foreign capital and labor moves to this coun-
try, until it disappears altogether; for invest-
ment and competition at home, where living
and materials are cheapest, must finally bring
the price even below the foreign standard.
Theadvantagesare morenumerous andmore
important. First, it brings to this country for
investment in manufactures and other enter-
prises many millions of capital. Second, it
moves to this country a large and mostdesira-
ble population. Third, it makes a large addi-
tion to the assessable wealth of the country and
thus lightens the burdensof national, State, and
municipal taxation. Fourth, while it thus ren-
ders the country prosperous in time of peace,
it makes it independent of all foreign nations
in time of war. Fifth, it furnishes to the
farmer and producing classes an increase of the
present home market as large, as the whole for-
eign market, with this superadded advantage,
