3048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
because of tfaa internal revenue tax. Now
that internal revenue tax has been abolished,
and wo ask that the duty on railroad iron ipay
be reduced to what it was before the internal
revenue tax was levied. I tvust my amend-
ment will prevail.
[Here trie hammer fell.]
Mr..IvELLEY. Mr. Chairman, no advan-
tage can come to the country or the railroad
companies from such a reduction as is pro-
posed by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin.] By no possibility can benefit
result from any action that would increase the
importation of British roils. I hold in my
liaud a circular of the leading railroad house
of Great Britain, dated February 28, 1S70,
being a statement of the export of rails from
Great Britain, compiled from official returns
and published by authority of the Hopse of
Commons. While, during the month of De-
cember, 1807, we imported but 7,880 tons, we
imported during the corresponding month in
1868 22,681 tons. During the year ending
December 31,18G7, we imported 165,086 tons,
and in the year ending December 31, 1839, we
imported 800,446 tons. We import nearly one
half of air that England exports to the world.
We import three tons for every one that the
British dependencies import—India, British
America, Australia, and all the other depend-
encies of Great Britain. Under the tariff
existing on pig iron and railroad iron we have
become great manufacturers; and if by. such
reductions as are proposed here we should
close our furnaces and our rolling-mills the
demand on England for iron it so great that
the price will go up and not down. Proclaim
the fact that we have closed oar furnace* and
forges, even by a long strike a^ainat a reduc-
tion of wages, and the price oi railroad iron
will go up instead of going down.
Mr. WELKER. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that Congress in its legislation
with reference to the Pacific railroads required
that the roaas should be constructed of Ameri-
can railway iron.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; I am aware of
that fact.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to ask him how, if the price
goes up, it will hurt Pennsylvania?
Mr. KELLER. If the pripe gees up after
the establishments of Penngylyctni^ are closed
an4 her skilled workingmen have settled on
homesteads upon our public lands to. become
farmersand compete with western agriculturists
in raising grain it will hart Pennsylvania, for
it will be years before she can regain her skilled
laborers and reorganise her great industries.
What Pennsylvania wants is a steady market
with moderate profits secured by the general
prosperity of the country. What sbe wants is
not grain with no market and farmers who are
no longer consumers for her products, but the
industries of thpcouptiygo b*lanped that while
the manufacturing districts shall furnish   mar-
ket for groin and provisions the agricultural
districts shall afford a market for the products
of the forge, the furnace, and the mill.
Mr. ELDRIDQE. For whom is the gentle-
man speaking; for Pennsylvania iron-mongers
or for the farmers of the West?
Mr. BENJAMIN. . If the theory of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ksuejsy] is
correct, I would like to know how it is that ip
I860, under a duty of 24 per cent., the price
of railroad iron was but a little more than one
half what it is to-day ?
Mr. KELLEY. In 1860 the tide of emigra-
tion was settling from the United States to
England; [Severalmembers. "Oh, no;"3and
when in tay own city 300 men were wanted to
lay a street railroad, 5,000 skilled mechanics
offered themselves at 60 cents a dsy.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. One hundred and fifty-
three thousand six hundred and forty people
came to this country from foreign countries
during the year 1860.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; 91,000 came from
abroad and more titan that nnraber left. Turn
to the report of Mr. Commissioner Wells, and
you will find that in two successive years, under
the rate of duty which has been mentioned, the
immigration into this country was reduced to
between 91,000 and 92,000. |
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "60 " and insert-
ing "50," so as to make the rate of duty 50
cents per 100pounds. Mr. Chairman, I desire '
to ask this committee whether it intends to bp
consistent with itself? Was the committee
jesting when it declared that the tariff on pig
iron should be $5 per ton ?
Mr.KELLEY. Yes; of course it was. That
was a practical joke.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I imagine the gentle-
man has answered most truthfully. Pennsyl-
vanians bihI those interested in the high price
of iron have treated the splyect and this com-
mittee since the vote reducing the duty on pig
iron as though that vote was a jest.
Mr, STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
Bt&t6 it,
Mr. STEVENSON. It wps ruled last even-
ing that it was out of order to discuss the State
of Pennsylvania andpigiron. [Laughter.]
Mr. NEGLEY. That was only in reference
to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. The rule was applied
to me, and I want it applied to others.
Mr. NEGLEY. It was because the gentle-
man knows nothing about the subject.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think I can tell the
gentleman more than he knows.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, let us see what
the committee has done and'what they propose
to do. I insist that a duty of 70 cents on the 100
pounds.upon railroad iron is.altogether out of
proportion to $5 a ton duty on pig iron.
Mr. STEVENSON. I again insist upon my
point of order, and demand the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Illinois is in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am obliged to the
Chairman.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am glad to have the
decision of the Chair that it is in order to dis-
cuss pig iron.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I pall the geptlpcaap to
order; I have the floor, ' t
Mr, STEVENSON. Is H in order fo discuss
pig iron?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair If as already
decided, Does the gentleman take an appeal?
Mr, STEVENSON. I do not. If the Chair
decides that it is in order to discuss pig iron I
am satisfied-
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have stated tiiat the
duty of 70 cents on the 100 pounds PU rail-
road iron is out of proportion to a duty of
$5 a ton on pig iron. In 1864; and back to
tlje year I860, the duty was CO cents, and pre'
vious to that year the duty was 24 per cent ad
valorem. In the year I864 the iron interest
complained of the burden of the intproal rev-
enue tax. In thatye^r Congress impqsed a
duty of $3 a tori on railroad iron, and in order
to compensate'the iron interest fqr that tax of
$3 a ton they advanced the duty to 70 cents on
the 100 pounds. Now be it remembered that
jq.thie ipterest of ^he irqri manufacturers of
this country that internal revenue tax has
been entirely abrogated. That and Other iron
industries, directly or indirectly, have been
relieved from this tax, and now when we pro-
pose to reduce the duty on railroad iron the
gentleman from Pennsylvania informs us that
the railroad iron manufacturers of Pennsylva-
nia will have to close their establishments and
consequently England will acquire amonopoly
in furnishing railroad iron to this country.
Pennsylvania is not sincere in that declara-
tion. The gentleman does not believe the roll-
ing-mills of Pennsylvania will stop.
Mr. KELLEY. I do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. He does not believe
the rolling-mills of the country are going to
close if you reduce the duty to CO cents per
100 pounds.
Mr. KELLEY. I believe it, because it will
necessitate a great reduction of the wages of
labor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman knows
that the iron producers in this country do
not pay the wages to labor they did in 18(54
and 1865. You have reduced the price of
commodities entering into the manufacture
of iron ; the price of beef and pork and corn
and flour has been materially reduced since
1864.
Mr. KELLEY. There has been no reduc-
tion in the price of beef or pork.
Mr. INGERSOLL- I say there has been a
reduction in the price of both beef and pork.
Corn is no more to-day than one half what it
was in 1865. I wish this House to tell the
country that we are not trifling with them. We
believe that the iron manufacturers will be pro-
tected ip making pig iron at a duty of $5 a ton.
We believe our manufacturers can make rail-
road iron and be protected with a duty of 50
cents the 100 pounds. And I want the coun-
try to know that we of the western States, where
new railroads are being rapidly built, are to-
day paying from $1,200 to $1,500 for the priv-
ilege of putting down American iron. At 70
cents per 100 pounds, and 100 tons being re-
quired for each mile of railroad, it will be seen
that some $1,500 bounty is paid to the State
of Pennsylvania on each mile of railroad built
in the West.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. ASPER. I think no question has yet
come up in relation to this tariff as importaut
as the one now pending. The entire produc-
ing interest of this country, all the industries
of the West, are interested in bringing down
the cost of transportation, and that cost of
transportation depends upon ths price of the
iron rails over which the locomotive moves.
-The gentleman ftom Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] says that if you reduce the duty to 60
cents the 100 pounds every rolling-mill in the
Unitpd States manufacturing iron rails will
stop. Now let ns see in the light of that asser-
tion what the figures are as to the manufacture
of iron in this country.
Mr.' SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lngersoll]
moves to amend the amendment and makes a
speech. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Aspek] gets up to oppose it, and speaks ou
the same side as the gentleman from Illinois.
There'may be too mnch even of a good thing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Surely that is not pos-
sible on this tariff bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri under the rule must speak against the
amendment. The gentleman will proceed in
order.
Mr. ASPER. I am speaking agaipst the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois and in favor of the amendment
of iny colleague, [Mr. Benjamin.] Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the amount of railroad iron manu-
factured in this country. I hold in my hands
a letter dated the 16th of April instant, from
Mr. McAllister, who is secretary of the Amer-
ican Iron and Steel Association. He says
that in 1866 there were 430,766 tons of rail-
road iron rolled in this country, in 1867 there
were 462,108 tons, in 1868 there were 616,000
tons, and in 1869 there were 580,000 tons,
on which the duty of 70 cents will make an
aggregate of $8,127,000 as the bonus which
the railroad interest of the country takes from
the producing interest of the West and of the
South. That is the sum whieh the producing
interest, wherever railroads are to be extended,
is compelled to pay to these few men who are
manufacturing this iron. Are we to be told
with these facts before us, in view of the im-
mense profits which the manufacturing estab-
