1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
proceed to the consideration of the legislative,
Executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
' Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the gentleman to
vjekl to me for a moment that I may report a.
hill, have it ordered to be printed, and recom-
'ilfpAWES. I will do so if it shall give
rise to 110 debate.
constitutional amendments.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The bill (H. R. No.
Sly) to enforce amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States was introduced on
the 17th of January last by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore,] at my
request, and was, as he then stated, prepared
by me. It has been carefully revised by the
Committee on Reconstruction, and 1 am now
directed to report it to the House, and to ask
that it be printed as so revised and amended,
and recommitted to the committee. It is a bill
of great importance, and under a decision of
the Chief Justice of the United States is neces-
sary to enforce the amendments to the Constitu-
tion. The bill, as amended, is designed as a
substitute for the original bill, though substan-
tially the same as the original.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
fuk-skal fisheries of alaska.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make !
r.n announcement to the House. On yesterday j
afternoon several executive communications ;
were laid before the House and referred to ;
various committees ; among them was a com- i
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury, j
transmitting a report of C. W. Raymond upon |
matters in Alaska, which was ordered to be j
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. The Clerk informs the Chair that
alter the adjournment that communication could ,
nowhere be found. If it is in the possession of
ur.y member he will see the propriety of return-
ing it to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
oiler a resolution upon the subject of the com-
mumcation referred to by the.Chair.
No objection being made, the following reso-
lution was received, considered, and adopted :
ihsoived, That tho Secretary of the Interior be
requested, if not inconsistent with the public inter-
est, to transmit to this House a copy of so much of ;
the report of Vincent Collyer, special Indian com-
missioner, as relates to the fur-seal fisheries in
-i i I'i a.
Mr. BANKS. I have another resolution on
the same subject, which I ask consent to sub-
mit at this time.
No objection being made, the following reso-
lution was received, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to transmit to this House, if not incon-
sistentwith the public interest, copies of any reports
of Frank N. Wicker, spccial agent of the Treasury,
not hitherto transmitted, upon the fur-seal fisheries
of the territory of Alaska.
EXPENDITURES OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution :
Retained, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to furnish to this House a statement of the
unexpended balances of each and every appropria-
of the Navy Department and of the respective
iiureaus of that Department on tho 1st of March,
IvW; and of the balances of each appropriation on
hrst day of each succeeding month thereafter
unul the 1st of February, 1870, and the aggregate of
expenditures for this period, and if in excels of the
appropriations for the entire fiscal year ending the
■■jJ'-i <)t June, 1870, the amount of such excess : also a
i-'atcinent of the amounts received and credited to
proper appropriations from sales of vessels,
stores, and other property from March 1, 1869, to
-r eoruary 1,1870.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to know
■'. hat will he the time and expense required to
obtain this information.
Mr. KKLSEY. I think that the adoption of
tins resolution is entirely unnecessary, and I
object to it.
ilie SPEAKER. Objection being made,
•life resolution in not before the House.
jane dean bishop.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) for
the relief of Jane Dean Bishop; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will have to proceed with his
business or surrender the floor.
Mr. STILES. I would like the consent of
the gentleman from Massachusetts to submit a
motion that when the House adjourns to-day
it will adjourn to meet on Saturday next, and
that the session of Saturday be devoted to
debate only.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield for that
motion ?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot do so. In view of
the pressure of business upon us I think we
cannot afford to adjourn over.
Mr. STILES. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts I suppose desires, like some of the
rest of us, to go to Richmond.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to go; but I cannot.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles] is
not before the House.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order, being the
annual appropriation bill for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. CESSNAin the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. In obedience to the
order of the House, general debate on this bill
has closed. The bill will be read by clauses
for amendment.
The Clerk proceeding to read the bill, read
the following:
Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, $2,400.
J Mr. DAWES, By direction of the Commit-
' tee on Appropriations, I move to amend the
i clause just read, for the pay of the compensa-
i tion of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper
of the House, so that it shall read :
j Rergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, 84,320: Pro-
vided, That ho shall receive, directly or indirectly,
no fees or other compensation, or emolument what-
ever. for performing the duties of the office, or in
; connection therewith.
| Mr. Chairman, this amendment puts the
| compensation of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
; Senate upon a level with that of the Secretary
j of the Senate; and it is proposed to put the
' salary of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
j upon a level with that of the Clerk of the House,
i with a similar stipulation, that all fees and addi-
tional emoluments from every source what-
1 ever shall be cut off; so that these officers
' shall rely solely upon their salaries. There
; has been, in times past, much scandal in con-
nection with the emoluments of these two
offices. This proposition is not offered with
| any intention of reflecting upon either of these
j two officers, but upon consultation with the
i Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, who, so far as
! lie is concerned, consents to it. It has become
; absolutely necessary that a fixed salary shall
be attached to these offices, because so great
is the amount of business in summoning wit-
nesses, and various other ways, that at times
immense sums have been made by the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate and of the House. The
late Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, after he
went out of office, boasted that he had made
twenty-five dollars a day upon the item of
horses alone. It was thought by the committee
better to fix in the bill just what salary these
officers should receive, and.for which it would
be possible to employ them for that purpose,
and to provide that they should receive from
no other source whatever anything but the salary
we had fixed. And that, sir, is the object of my
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to suggest
whether it would not be better to allow the
Senate to make the regulation in regard to
their own officer ?
Mr. DAWES. I was going to say, when
interrupted, that it is a delicate matter to fix
the salary of an officer of the Senate; but if
we provide for our own Sergeant-at-Arms in
this way, the Sergeant at-Arms of the Senate
should be on the same footing. We were not
disposed to interfere with any matter pertain-
ing to the Senate; and recognizing the delicacy
of this matter, the committee were of the opin-
ion that, as this originated with ourselves, it
could not be considered invidious when we
provided for the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate precisely as we provided for the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House.
The question was taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. In orderto make the remaining
portion of the paragraph agree with the amend-
mentj ust adopted, I move in the forty- eighth line
to strikeout "seven" and insert " nine," and
in the forty-ninth line to strike out " four " and
insert "three," and strike out " sixty-eight"
and insert "eightyso that it will then read
" making in all $99,380 80."
The amendment was agreed to.
message from the senate.
The Committee informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, notifying the House that that
body had passed a bill (S. No. 436) to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
legislative, etc. appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, namely :
For stationery and newspapers for seventy-four
Senators, at the rate of $125 each per annum, and for
stationery for committees, 817,250.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert in the fifty-
third line, after the word "committees," the
words "and officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For new furniture, $5,000.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to strike that out.
Mr. DAWES. The estimate on the part of
the Senate was $30,000 for furniture and re-
pairs. The committee gave $5,000 for new
furniture and $5,000 for repairs of furniture,
instead of $30,000 asked for by the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the reason of the
appropriation of $5,000 for new furniture?
Mr. DAWES. They have to have some new
furniture from time to time for committee-rooms
and for other purposes.
The committee divided; and there were
ayes 44, noes 45; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Davis and Mr.
Laflin.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 69.^
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For packing-boxes, $750.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out " $750"
and insert " $740."
The amendment was agreed to.
