1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3993
from on shipboard or from a bonded warehouse im-
ported articles in original packages, which shall be
under the supervision of an officer of customs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I atn instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
strike out thatsection, because it is all included
in another section of the existing law which is
exempt from lepeal by the repealing clause.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 31. And be -it further enacted, That if the man-
ufacturer of any artiolc upon which a tax is required
to be paid by means of a stamp shall have sold or
removed for sale any such articles without the pro-
per stamp, in addition to the penalties now imposed
bv law tor such sale or removal, it shall bo the duty
of the proper assessor or ii.ssista.nt assessor, within a
period ot not more than two years after such removal
or sale, upon such information as he call obtain, to
estimate the amount of the tax which has boon
omitted to bo paid, and to make an assessment there-
foi and certdy the same to the collector; and the
subsequent proceedings for collection shall bo in all
respects like those for the collection of taxes upon
manufactures and productions.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the thirty-fifth section, as follows:
Skc. 35. And be it farther enacted, ThatthcreshaU
ho levied and collected imnually a tax ot live per
cent, upon the gams, profits, and income of every
peison residing in tile United, States and of every
citizen ol the United .States residing abroad, derived
from any source whatever, whether within or with-
out the United Slates, except as hereafter provided,
and a, like tax annually upon the gains, profits, and
income derived trom any business, trade, or profes-
sion carried on in the United States by any person
residing without the United States and not a citizen
thereof, or Irom rents of real estato within the Uni-
ted States owned by i>ny person residing without the
United States and not a citizen thcreot.
Mr. McCARTHY. 1 move to strike out that,
section. Mr. Speaker, it is evident that our
revenue can be reduced seventy to seventy-five
millions and not depreciate the credit of the
Government. The bill of the committee re-
duces—
(itoss receipts  £(1,405,010
Special taxes  H.80t,!5|
Succession*  8^,860
On-    2,110.005
tfouieea not enumerated  1,16!),7515
$23,3-11.751
To -which add partial reduction on incomes,
about five million dollars, and you have about
thirty-three million dollars, as reported in the
bill. Nov/, sir, by striking out incomes you
reduce the revenue about thirty-five million
dollars more, making in all §04,000,000; reliev-
ing the people from heavy and obnoxious taxes,
made necessary and laid as war taxes. The
war is now over, and the present generation
have paid their full share of its cost, have
paid full §8,000,000,000, and demand strong,
prompt, and substantial relief—no half-way
measure will satisfy—up to the last dollar ol
limit that the preservation of our credit will
allow; and a thorough examination ofourrev-
emie resources will prove our power to reduce
$70,000,000, and still pay on our debt each
year sufficient to continue its appreciation.
Now, sir, this income tax bears, what no
other tax bears upon its face, the evidence
that, it was only considered and passed as a
war tax, being limited to five years in its dura-
tion. The five years are up; the war is over;
our revenue will bear the reduction, and we
can afford to let it die. I do not hesitate to
say there is more dissatisfaction with this tax
than any other. Objections to its renewal are
long, loud, and general throughout the coun-
try.' Those who pay are the exception, those
who do not pay are millions: and the whole
moral force of the law is a dead letter. _ The
honest man makes a true return, the dishon-
est. hides and covers all he can to avoid ^this
obnoxious tax. It has no moral force. This
tax is unequal, perjury-provoking, and crime-
encouraging, because it is at war with the right
of a person to keep private and reguiate his
business affairs and iinancial matters. Decep-
tion, fraud, and falsehood mark its progress
everywhere in the process of collection. It
creates curiosity, jealousy, andprejudiceamong
the people. It makes the tax-gatherer a spy,
with power to open up to his own or the public
gaze that which the Constitution and law recog-
nize as one of the inherent rights of man under
a form of government like ours. The people
demand that it shall not be renewed, but left
to die a natural death and pass away into the
future as pass away all the evils growing out
of the civil war.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question. I rise for the purpose
of calling up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which a proposition made by me, which is
exactly germane to this portion of the tax bill,
was committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I desire to discuss it.
Mr. WOOD. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts states that he risesto a privileged
question. He will state what it is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My privi-
leged question is the motion to reconsider the
vote by which my resolution was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I make the point
of order that it is not in order to call up that
motion while we are considering a special order.
Mr. RANDALL. It has no relation to this
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The point
of order, as I understand it, is that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means now have the floor
under a special order. I think the Speaker
decided upon that point this morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts introduced, and had referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, a tax bill, and
the same day, or the following day, lie entered
a motion to reconsider the vote by which it. was
so referred. That is a privileged question
and lie calls up the motion and claims the floor
upon it.
Mr. RANDALL. I pot in the point there
that the gentleman is only entitled to speakfive
minutes under the rule.
Mr. McCarthy. I make the point, of
order that, as it is a tax bill, it must have its
first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order. The gentleman can have the
motion reconsidered, but he cannot debate his
bill, because all tax bills must have their first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. RANDALL. By Rule 110.
Mr. COX. That is the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman hasaright
to have a vote on his motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To have
a vote without, discussion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
discussion, the point of order having been
made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will not ask for a vote just at this moment.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman with-
draws his motion?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
now go on and discuss this question tor five
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recogmze
the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. Has the gentleman the
floor for that purpose?
Mr. SCHENCK. Other gentlemen sought
the floor to oppose the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. McCarthy.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
I will give way to allow that amendment to be
opposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman Irom Mich-
igan. [Mr. Blair,] a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, desires to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. IIAWLEY. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment to the section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can offer
his amendment before the question is taken on
the motion to strike out. The gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blaib,] a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, is entitled to the
floor to speak in opposition to the motion to
strike out.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to submit to the House
a few of the reasons which operated upon t.ho
minds of the members of the Committee of
Ways and Means to induce them to retain,
in an amended form, what is familiarly known
as ''the income tax." It is true, as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. McCarthy] has
stated, that_there has been a great deal of op-
position to "this tax developed in the country.
I attribute that mainly to the fact that thoso
who pay it are a very influential class of people,
not that there is any very general opposition
to the tax among the people as a whole. That
could hardly be so, from the fact that the great
body of the people are not reached in any way
by this tax.
The Committee of Ways and Means ha.ve
proposed, as will be observed from an examin-
ation of tliis section, to raise the exemption
from $1,000 to $1,500. I should myself bo dis-
posed to go still further than that, and toraiss
the exemption to $2,000, which would reduce
the amount of revenue derived from the income
tax by about ten million dollars.
Mr. ALLISON. More than eleven million
dollars.
Mr. BLAIR. By something more than eleven
million dollars, I am told. But 1 do believe that
it is not the desire of the country generally, nor
will it be for the interest of the people, to aban-
don this tax altogether. I assert again what
was asserted with great point and force by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance of the
Senate, [Mr. Sherman,] that this is the only
tax we levy which falls upon the property of
the country; the only tax which makes any
difference between John Jacob Astor and the
poorest drayman in the streets. It is a tax
upon the accumulated wealth of the country j
it is a tax on that species of property that pays
no other tax, upon the income arising from
the interest on United States bonds, which is
not and cannot be otherwise taxed under the
law.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
thought it best to remove some of the inequal-
ities which exist under the present law in con-
nection with this tax. and to raise considerably
the amount to be exempted from the tax, so
as to relieve the smaller class of incomes, such
as salaries, &c. For instance, this tax on in-
comes lias undoubtedly borne heavily hitherto
upon those who are living on small salaries.
It was a tax upon the means of living of such
people, because the amount exempted was not
large enough. The increase of the amount to
be exempted from this tax to $2,000 will re-
lieve nearly all that class, and thus relieve from
the payment of this tax the great body of those
who now pay it.
As has been before stated, and as members
of this House well know, there are only about
two hundred and seventy-five thousand per-
sons, all told, in the country who pay this tax
at all. By raising the exemption to $1,500
some one hundred and nine thousand persons
will be exempt, from this tax. By raising it
still further to $2,000, fifty thousand more, at
least, will be exempted from the tax ; so that
there will be left but little more than one hun-
dred thousand persons who will pay any in-
come tax at all, and those one hundred thou-
sand persons will include the rich men ot the
country.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Mc-
Carthy] says there is a demand for the entire
removal of this tax. Yv ho make that demand f
Can it be that it is made by the persons who
do not pay the tax ? It is said that it is an
inquisitorial tax. To a certain extent it is, a*
every other tax is inquisitorial. It provokes
perjury, the gentleman saya._ is that a reason
why we should not impose it ? If those rich
men, with their millions of income will com-
