1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Logan,
Ho. of Reps.
mittee on Military Affairs examined all the
various laws relating to tlie organization of
the Army from the foundation of the Govern-
ment up to the present time.
We know, sir, whenever thereis an attempt
made to reduce the Army, or to affcct it in any
way whatever, however much it may be to the
interest of the country, weare always met with
serious opposition. It is a very sensitive arm
of the public service. Knowing that the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs of the House have
examined this question most thoroughly, and
without any feeling of unkindness toward any
individual of any arm of the service, with a view
merely to perform our duty and our whole duty
to the tax-payers as well as to the Army, we
have reported, as the resultofour mature delib-
erations, the pending bill. We believe in a
Government like ours that the military arm
should never be stronger than absolute necessity
requires. We believe that the Governmenthas
the right to dispose of its military officers or
its military appointments the same as with
civil officers and civil appointments. Wehold
that the Governmenthas the right to ruusterout
military officers as well as civil officers when-
ever their services are no longer needed. In
other words, we are opposed to sinecure officers
sapping the substance of the people's wealth.
We then commence with the report of the
Secretary of War, which presents to the House
and the country the fact that we have a great
number of supernumerary officers in the Army.
Ascertaining this, we naturally inquire why
this thing should have occurred, and how it
did occur. That brings us back again to the
reorganization of the Army. As we all know,
after we had passed through a great and severe
conflict, aftes the Army had achieved many
victories on behalf of this Government, and
when the people felt sympathy for them and
admiration for what they had done, the ques-
tion of the'reorganization of the Army was
presented to the country ; and Congress, with-
out due consideration, without such calm delib-
eration as it ought to have given to the sub-
ject, passed a law establishing an Army in this
country larger than it was ever contemplated
that we should have in a time of profound
peace. This was done in 18G0, during the first
session of Congress after the war closed. The
regular Army was then established at about
eighty thousand men, with an organization
capable of being expanded to nearly one hun-
dred thousand. As the work of reconstruction
progressed toward completion, and the neces-
sity of keeping a large force in the South
grew less clay by day, the people and Congress
saw that the Army must bo reduced. Con-
gress spent a great deal of lime discussing the
subject a year ago, and the result finally was
the passage of a section at the end of an appro-
priation bill reducing the number of infantry
regiments from forty-five to twenty-four by con-
solidation. The supernumerary men were mus-
tered out, but no provision was made for offi-
cers who were left without commands.
The following extract from the annual report
of General Sherman, dated in November last,
shows the number of officers rendered super-
numerary by this consolidation, and what dis-
position was made of them :
Y>y tins consolidation were rendered supernumerary
(othceis)     W-i
Assigned to till vacancies    - Tl
Transferred to till vacancies in cavalry  7
Transferred to till vacancies m artillery 10
Resigned    IX
Died  4
Dismissed  5
Cashiered  4
Retired .  1
Total  113
Balanco of unattached officers November 1 509
The Army of the United States, as it now
appears, is the most numerously officered or-
ganization the world at this day presents. 11.
is an organization in many of its appointments
unknown to any other enlightened Go vern men ts
in the world. Differing -in its character, and
clumsy in its detail, it has a class of super-
numerary officers aud an amount of staff no
Government ever pretended there was any
necessity for. The reorganization was made
in a time of great excitement in the whole
country, when every heart was full of joy over
what had been achieved by our arms, and
when the people felt pleasure in doing, in
regard to the organization of the Army, all
that was asked or required. It was under such
circumstances that the official roster of the
Army was brought to its present status, which,
in the judgment of the Committee on Military
Affairs, is entirely beyond that which is desir-
able or proper; beyond that which is neces-
sary or that which any person should demand
the Army of this country to he in time of
peace.
Now, sir, I will state to the House that in
preparing our bill we have not fully reorgan-
ized the Army as we think it should be. Nor
have we cui'tailed it near as much as it ought
to be curtailed, as 1 will demonstrate to the
satisfaction of every member on this floor who
will give me his attention. But wc have done
that which we thought Congress would accept
now, and if further curtailment is deemed ne-
cessary—as I believe, and as the committee
over which I have the honor to preside as
chairman also believe—that may be done here-
after. But we thought this would be sufficient
for the present, and perhaps it is all we can do
in face of the opposition we are receiving from
some quarters for reasons unknown to us. We
have been charged with entertaining spiteful
feelings toward individuals. Why, sir, no such
feeling is cherished in the breast of any man
who is oil the Committee on Military Affairs.
No desire to injure a single Army officer is
entertained by one of llieui. I would not pluck
a solitary laurel from the brow of any man
that lives who wears to-day the uniform of this
Government. 1 have no desire to do any such
thing. My solo desire is to make our Army
efficient—as both the Army and Navy ought to
be—without having on our hands an excess of
officers that we do not know what, to do with
The Secretary of War reported tolhis House,
as I have before shown, that we had at the end
of last session, on the consolidation of the in-
fantry regiments, six hundred and twenty-two
supernumerary officers. On the 1st day of
November last it appears by the report of the
Secretary of War that this number was reduced
to five hundred and nine, by transfers made to
fill vacancies in different branches of the ser-
vice, by resignations, death, dismissals, by offi-
cers being cashiered, and by officers retiring,
in this way the number of officers not wanted,
known as supernumerary officers of the Army,
was reduced to five hundred and nine, for whom
there were no positions in the Army to which
they could be assigned.
it became a question then what, in the first
place, should wo do with these supernumerary
officers. What provision of law should be
made as to them? Should they be mustered
out or retained in the Army? After carefully
considering this question, knowing we had that
number of officers in the Army for whom there
were no duties assigned, lor whom theie was
no necessity, we agreed upon the first section
of this bill as the best course to be adopted.
In this we provide that a board shall be
appointed by the Secretary of War, which shall
he composed of five officers ; that at least two
of tliem shall be selected from among those
appointed to positions in the regular Army on
account of distinguished services in the volun-
teers; that this board shall examine all the
officers of the Army of the United States—not
the supernumeraries only, butall the officers be-
low the grade of brigadier general—and report to
the President of the United States the number
of officers who have proven themselves not to be
adapted to the service, or who are disqualified
for any good reason, taking into consideration,
however, their services and their record during
the war, which report must be approved by
the President; and when approved by him,
and when all the vacancies that exist have been
filled, then the supernumeraries and those that
the board reports against are to be mustered
out of the service of the United States, receiv-
ing one year's pay to enable them to start in
the world again. Such are the provisions of
the first section of the bill. Such is the plan
we have agreed upon as the most just and
equitable to the officers concerned, and the
best the Government can adopt in this matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the argument in oppo-
sition to this section of the bill is that it is hard
upon these men to muster them out of the ser-
vice of the United States; that it is wrong for
us to do it in the case of those who have per-
formed services. Now, it is easy to answer
that. I might say that it is wrong for a man
to lie defeated by his constituents after he has
served in Congress for six or eight years ; yet
the people do not think so. They think that
when the people of this couutry do not require
the .services of a man any longer it is not a
hardship to dispense with his services. This
is the theory of our Government; this is the
theory of our constituents with reference to
ourselves aud to other officers of the Govern-
ment.
Now, let us go a little further in this matter.
I propose to show the House that this has been
the practice in this country from the beginning
of this Government, and also in every other
Government, in England they muster out the
officers they have no use for. There, at the
close of a war, they retire their surplus officers,
and those who are not fit to be retired or who
do not desire to retire they muster out of the
service. So they do in France; so they do in
Prussia; so they do in every other country;
and yoa can find no case in history where any
clamor has ever been raised, except in our
country within a short time past, because men
are mustered out. of the service when t,heir ser-
vices are no longer required.
Let us see how it lias been under our Gov-
ernment. Take the case of generals for the
purpose of illustration. During the war of
1812 we had six major generals and six briga-
dier generals appointed. You will find it by
reference to the Military Laws, page24'2. The
act was passed in February, 18fo. By an act
approved March o, IBIS, the number of major
generals was reduced to two, and the number
ol brigadier generals was reduced to four, and
the supernumerary generals were mustered out
with three months' pay, together with many
other officers of lower lank.
Then, how was it during the Mexican war?
1 do not desire to detain the House by reading
all the various statutes which have been passed
on this subject, for there are many of them.
During the Mexican war we appointed two ad-
ditional brigadier generals and one additional
major general: but it was provided in that law
that u hen the war was over the force should
be reduced by muster-out, and also that the
number of generals should be reduced in the
same way. That was the provision made in
regaid to the Mexican war, and so it has been
from the beginning of this Government to the
present time.
And they were not only reduced in this man-
ner, but the law provided that the President
of the United States should select the generals
belonging to the Army to remain hi the ser-
vice, and to muster out those he desired to
muster out. I will read the law. The act
approved June 18, 1846, provided—
" That the President of the United States be, and
