1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4037
we are asked to make a law to pay them these
different rates.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know but what the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
lias been led into an error from a statement
which I made to him. I think I stated to him
on yesterday that I did not think it was neces-
sary fc.r him to get a suspension of the rules in
order to offer his amendment.
Mr. MYERS. The Commissioner of Patents
has estimated for this.
Mr. KELSEY. It is an unliquidated ulaim,
and lias no business here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairhas sustained
the point, of order.
Mr. DAWES. As I made the statement to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
which led him to refrain from asking a suspen-
sion of the rules, I hope the amendment will
be received and considered.
Mr. KELSEY. I object
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have an amend-
ment which should come in here. It it as
follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
deficiencies incuired for Indian services in Ca\i-
torma to Austin V.'Uey, former superintendent ot
Indian affairs, $20,500.
That is contained in a paragraph that was
stricken out yesterday, when ihe paragraph
was first reached. I voted in favor of striking
it out, supposing that all the other items of the
same character would be stricken out. As it
would be doing great injustice to strike out this
claim while all the rest are left in I there-
fore move this amendment.
Mr. DAWKS. I hope, the amendment will
be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. X again renew my amend-
ment; and I ask leave to he heard for one
moment.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
on the amendment that 1 made before; and I
insist, that the amendment shall not be enter-
tained alter it has been ruled out of order.
The CH A1RMAN. The Chair has sustained
the point of order.
Mr. MYERS. Willihegep.tlemanfi'otii New
York [Mr. Kelsey] allow me to get the ear of
the committee for a moment?
Mr. KELSEY'. Not out of order, at least
with my consent.
Mr. MY BUS. I desire only to say  j
Mr. KELSEY. I call the gentleman to i
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out
ot'order.
Mr. PETERS. I move to further amend
this bill by inserting after the amendment just
adopted the following:
For the purchase by the Secretary of the Interior
of fit teen sets, or so many as may be iicec^- uy, of t.ic
United States Statutes-at-Larse, from volume one to
volume nine, both inclusive, bll- 50; and the judges
of tho circuit courts ol the United stales who have
not already received them shall severalty bo entitled
10 receive fur Ins own use while in office a copy of
each volume of tbcScat'Uos-at-Lar^c, and also a copy
ot each volume ol the Iteports of the Supreme Court
of too United States ^-ueccedinfr the Third volume ft
Wallace's Keporrs; and such copies of the Statutes
and lleport? leceived by any one ot the said judges
tdiall, i: ji"*) <■ i - le'-iination, removal trom ^cilice, or
death, be denvov d up to Ins successor in office.
Mr. DaWES. That amendment h ri-ht
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, f offer the following to come
in after the amendment last adopted :
To enable the Sen ctaiy of the lr.tei ic.r co pay .total
pmn the amount due him fur MippiioJ fin mshed lor
ihe Indian service, as per aiKlited vouchers on i e in
ihe Indian olace, ^35,-110 'Ji.
The question was put on the .imem-imeiu:
ami the Chair deel.ned that it. was agreed to.
Mr. POMERCY". I tritd to get the aftc;.-
iion ol the Chair before he announce.1^ the
iesn.it of the vote o.i the amendment ol the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr J)Avn;s,]
for the purpose or' ottering the following sub-
stitute lor it:
To pay tl'.ooutstandingindebtedncsscontractecUii
tile Sioux Indian district under act ol July ■■ <. 1-oS,
voucners for which have been approved by Goneral
Ilarney and arc now on file in the Interior Depart-
ment, and have been or shall be approved by the
Secretary of tile Interior, 8111,780 39.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that that is an unliquidated claim, and not in
order on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. It embraces the same claim
which was covered by the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Me. Dawes.]
Mr. KELSEY'. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman is not discussing any amend-
ment. The amendment just offered has been
ruled out of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The proposition of
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] is
certainly an amendment to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appropri-
ations are devising some plan to liquidate all
these small claims. I will state the origin of
these claims, including the Finn claim, upon
which the House has just acted. A year from
lust April wo appropriated about six hundred
and seventy thousand dollars to pay what is
called the Ilarney claim. We appropriated
the sum in gross. The consoqueace was 
Mr. LAWRENCE. A point of order has
been made upon this amendment, and how can
the question ho discussed?
The CHAIRMAN. 13y unanimous consent
only.
Mr. POMEROY". I offered this as an amend-
meat to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] If his propo-
sition was in order, mine is certainly in order,
The CHAIRMAN. No point of order was
raised on the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. KELSEY. The rules were suspended,
I believe, to allow the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to offer his amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
While the amendment offered by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations was pend-
ing, and before it was voted upon, the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Pojieroy] repeatedly
sought the floor for the purpose or offering his
proposition as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the chairman of the committee. Now,
if the amendment offered by the chairman of
the committee is admitted, then I raise the
point of order that tho amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, being an amendment to
that proposition, is in order, and that he made
his demand for the floor in time.
Mr. DAWES. I think the fact is as the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Pake] stated
it. I will state that the claim which the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Pojieroy] proposes to
pay is, I have no doubt, as just and fair a claim
as the Finn claim ; but there is between them a
difference which is about to be met by proper
legislation. ThcFinn claim has been examined
by itself. The others, which are almost in-
numerable, are of various amounts, running
down to thirty, twenty, and even ten dollars.
Now, if we appropriate in gross $110,000weare
afraid the result will be the same as it was with
the appropriation of $070,000, that, the swiftest
of foot will get the whole amount, while those
more meritorious, thsugh not so smart, will
get nothing. Rut I will not object to any
amendment pmpos.ng to pay particular per-
sons bv ii■'lor these claims must be paiw.
I I know that the amount in the segregate is
i enormous. About one million ^dollars was
expended beyond the amount of the appro-
priations, and without any authority c! law;
but the claims must be paid.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the statement of
the o-pnticman from Wisconsin [nr. Paixis]
the Chair is inclined to recognize the gentle-
man from Iowa as offering an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. KELSEY. If this is to be entertained,
as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts it will be neces-
sary to reconsider the vote by which the latter
amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to reconsider
is not in order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Iowa
rose before the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
If the Chair decides that the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa is not objectionable as
new legislation, because offered as an amend-
ment to an amendment authorized by a sus-
pension of the rules, then I raise the point of
order that the proposition is not germane to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. This is a distinct claim, having
nothing to do with the other.
Mr. ALLISON. This is a part of the same
claim.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No. The gentleman from
Massachusetts offers an amendment in favor of
one claim, and it is proposed to add an amend-
ment to pay another claim, which is not ger-
mane.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pomehoy] will be
read.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object to that, and
make the point of order that it is unauthorized
by law. There is no law authorizing the pay-
ment of any of these Ilarney claims.
Mr. MYERS. I object to the gentleman
discussing his point of order.
Mr. SPINK. I can explain this whole mat-
ter if the committee will listen to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the committee that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts offered an amendment to which no
point of order was raised. The gentleman
from Iowa then rose in his place and endeav-
ored to get an opportunity to move an amend-
ment to the amendment. The point of order
was on tho amendment of tho gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. DAWES. I think the amendment to
the amendment was offered in season. 1 wish
to have somebody responsible for each one of
these items, and I should like to see this go
through with this limitation rather than to have
none at all.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from Iowa sought the floor to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, it could not be made unless
subject to the same rule of order.
Mr. PAINE. If the Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order I take ail appeal from his
decision.
Mr. ALLISON. If tho point of order
reaches the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa it also reaches the amendment to which
it was moved as an amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I make the point of
order against the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa.
The CHAIRMAN. The gcutleman from
Iowa now states to the Chair that he rose in
season. The Chair decided the amendment
not to be in order, but the gentleman rises in
his place and stales that he endeavored to get
the floor to offer his amendment. With that
statement the Chair will entertain the amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman from
Iowa will yield to me, I should like to say a
! sinerle word.
! Mr. POMEROY. If it does not come out
! of ray time; but I wish to say a few_ words
: myself. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] said that nay claim audited by
; ihe proper officers he was willing to have
! attached to this bill. These claims are approved
| by General Ilarney and by General Burbank,
