1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3049
lishments are making upon time i*il«: are
we to be told that they are to be shut op if we
reduce the doty by the pitiful amount of 10
cents on the 100 pounds? % Why, sir, it seemB
to me that we should reduce the rate even
below this in order to cheapen the rates of
transportation to the producing interests, to
the farmers, to the men who send their pro-
duce, their wheat, their grain to the bast to
feed these establishments, and in order that
they may b© th© hotter ftbl© to s©nd their sor*
plus produce to the markets of Europe, where
there is a demand for it.
fHere the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted on the two pending amendments.
The question was put on Mr. Ikobrsoll's
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Benja-
min, and there were, on a division—ayes 62,
noes 60; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Inoersoll and Mr.
Kei.ley.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noos 68.
So Mr. Ingirsoll's amendment waa not
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that everybody
knows everything about railroad iron. I there-
fore ask unanimous consent that debate on this
paragraph may now be closed.
Mr. KERR. I hope not.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
offer an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal to the commit-
tee to 8top debate. I ask unanimous consent
that debate on the pending paragraph shall
close in ten minutes.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of making that
motion in the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I give die
gentleman notice that if he insists on this he
will lose instead of gaining time. This is the
most important proposition in the whole bill.
The question was put on the motion that the
committee rise; ana there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 66, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Garjtkld, of Ohio, having taken the chair as
8peaker pro tempore, Mr. YVhesler reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, according to the order of the
House, had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the
hill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK rose.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr Schkhck] is recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving that the
House resolve itself again into die Committee
of the Whole, I move that all further debate
on the pending paragraph and amendments be
closed in ten minutes after its consideration
■hall be resumed. And on that motion I call
the previous question.
_ The SPEAKER pro tempore put the ques-
tion on seconding the demand for the previous
fuestion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a privileged
motion.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
made a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot recognize either the gentleman from
Wisconsin or the gentleman from New York
while a division is being taken on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot now entertain the appeal, while the
House is dividing.
The question was on Mr. Schenck's motion
that debate on the pending paragraph beolosed
in ten minutes after its consideration should
be resumed in Committee of the Whole.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 5.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
has voted, and the Chair will order tellers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn, and I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. While the
House Is dividing that motion is not in order.
The Chair appoints Mr. Scofiei.D and Mr.
Ingersom, tellers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of ordei*.
The Chair had counted the House and found
that no quorum voted, and thereupon I mov£d
that the House adjourn, and I insist that that
motion is in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. While the
House is dividing the motion is not in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The House was found
without a quorum, and it was in order to move
to adjourn. I made the motion after thedivis
ion was over.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is unable to tell whether we are without a quo-
rum or not until there has been a count by
teller®. The Chair has ordered tellers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I insist that the motion to
adjourn is in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has a duty to perform, and will not recognize
the appeal until it is performed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It will be too late then
to recognize the appeal. The time when the
House has a right to decide it is when the
question arises. I say that this is the most
arbitrary proceeding that was ever heard of.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will take his seat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that my appeal
be entertained. The Chair is out of order.
The tellers having taken their places, the
House divided on seconding the previons ques-
tion, and the tellers reported—ayes 81, noes
18; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
now finds itself without a quorum. The Chair
has not recognized any motion to adjourn
while the House waa dividing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair has not enter-
tained an appeal when it was taken,-either.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no
quorum present.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. On that; motion \ deipand
the ye^s and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move tjiat when the
House adjourns to-night it adjqurn to meet on
Friday next; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CESSNA. I move to lay tfcat mqtjpn
on the fable. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore■ That motion
is not in order, but the. motion of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] js in
order.
On ordering the yeas and nays on Mr, Bld-
ridge's motion, tnere were—ayes 25, noes
102; not one fifth in favor thereof.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers:
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
thirty-two in the affirmative.
A further count not being insisted on, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 5, nays 142, not voting 80 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adami, Cox, Eldridge, MoNeely,
and Winchester—6.
: NATfS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Aroher,
ley. BuAnton, Burchard, Cako, Cessna, Churohill,
William T. Clark, Amasn. Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conner, Conner, Covoile, Cowlcs,
Dawes, Dickinson, Doekery, Dox, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, fisher. Fitch. Fox, Garfield, Gotz, Gil-
fillan, GriswoM, Ilaight, Halo, llambleton, Ilamill,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Ilay, nays,
Heflii), Hoar. lloliaan, Hooper, llotohkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kclley, ICallogg, Kerr, Knapp,
Latlin, Lawrenoe, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, jlay-
nnrd, McCormick, McCrnry, MoGrew, McKeniie,
Mcrcur, Kliakitn II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,William
Moore, Myers. Negley.Niblack, O'Neill. Orth, Pack-
ard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Peters, Phelps,
Poland. Pomcroy, Hoots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scolield, Shanks. Shorrod, Shober, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stokes. Stoughton, Stradcr. Strong, Swann, Swee-
ney, Taffo. Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Toivnscnd,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump,Ward,Welker,
Whoeler, Wbitmoro. Willard, Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson.Winans, and Witchcr—142.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Axtoll, Aycr, Bailey,
Banks, Barnuui. Bingham, Boles, Bowcn, Boyd,
James Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin S. Butler,
Hodcrick R. Butler. Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Clove-
land, Crobs.Cullouj. Davis, lipgener, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, £la, Farnsworth, Gibson. Ilal-
domon, lleatuii, Hill, Hogp, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones. Judd. Julian, ICelsey, Ketchau),
Knott, Lash, Marshall, May ham, McCarthy, McKce,
Milnes, Morgan, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Morrisscy. Mungon, Peroo. Piatt,
Porter, Potter, Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Ridgway, Rogers, Schntaaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Stone. Strickland, Trimble, Van Aiiken.Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Voorhees. CodwWader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Wells,Wilkinson, Wood, and
Woodward—80. .
So the motion of Mr. Eldridge Was npt
agreed to.
The question recurved upon the motipn of
Mr. Cox, that the House adjourn; and being
taken, upon a division there were—ayes 67,
noes go.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr.. LYNCH called for the yeas aqd nuys
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was tasen upon orbing the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-three
in the affirmative.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were eighteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth, of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yea# and uays were not ordered, the
affirmative not being one fifth of the previous
vote.
The motion to adjourn was accordingly agreed
to; and (at teij o'clock p. lft.) the House ad-
journed.
PgTWIOSS, BT0.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
upder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
liy Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Margaret Coggin, widow of Philip
Coggin, late a private in company A, eleventh
regiment Massachusetts volunteers, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of James MoMorrow, late
a private in company G, nineteenth regiment
Massachusetts volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A petition of
grand and petit jurors of the western judicial
district of Missouri, asking for increase of jury
fees. .
Also, a petition of the People's Savings
Institution, of St. Louis, Missouri, asking pay-
went of certain quartermaster vouchers.
By Mr. McKENZIE: Petitions of the trust-
ees and faculty of Randolph Macon College,
Mecklenburg county, Virginia, asking for an
appropriation to repair damages done to the
college by United States troops in 1865.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of John
C. Burch, of Nashville, Tennessee, praying
for the removal of his political and legal dis-
i! abilities.
