8050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Egbert
B. Steele, of Lafayette county, Arkansas, for
the removal of disabilities.
By Mr. TANNER: The petition of Henry
Smalley, for compensation for setting buoys in
the Hudson river.
WITHDM AVAL OF PAPERS.
The following notice of leave for the with-
drawal of papers was given under the rules:
By Mr. O'NEILL: Papers, &c., in the
case of Thomas EI. Dickson, for reference to
the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thcrsdat, April 28, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Seoretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects. The reading will
be resumed.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
HO0SE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the juris-
diction of probate courts in Idaho Territory ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 230) to require the hold-
ing of additional district and circuit courts of
the United States in the district of Indiana,
and for other purposes.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 269) to
amend the act of April 20, 1870, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
WASHINGTON SAVINGS BANK.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate a letter of the treasurer of the Wash-
ington City Savings Bank, of Washington city,
District of Colombia, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, the annual statement of the
bank; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the petition of
Miss Jennie Stacy, of Vermont, the daughter
of the late consul of the United States at Reval,
in Russia, setting forth that her father died in the
performance of his duties in Russia, and owing
to the indigence of the family they have been
unable, without assistance from the Govern-
ment, to bring his body back to America, and
praying that proper provision may be made
for that purpose. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPEN CE R presented a petition of James
Hopkins and others, ship-masters and ship-
owners of New Orleans and Mobile, in favor
of an amendment to the act to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company as hereafter constituted a post road,
and for other purposes, approved March 2,
1868; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Olive Coombs, of Castine, county of Han-
cock, Maine, step-mother of Isaac G. Shep-
herd, late a soldier in the Arm'y^f the United
States, praying to be allowed a peasion; which
was referred to the Committee onjPensions.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, residents of Des Afoines valley,
praying that the grant of lamfs of July 12,
1862, shall not include any tp&ct between the
Racoon Fork and the norjiiern boundary of
the State on which any bona fide settler was
settled before the passage of the act; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with a
memorial, very numerously signed, represent- j
; ing that there are institutions of learning in the '
i District of Columbia and in some of the States
; of the Union which have been endowed by acts
| of Congress and by State Legislatures in which
there is an unjust discrimination against per-
sons entering those seminaries on account of
sex. The memorialists represent that such
institutions should be opened equally to males
and females alike, and that the distinction which
has operated hitherto as a bar against the ad-
mission of females in those colleges should be
removed. This memorial is very ably drawn,
and is very numerously signed, and I ask its
reference to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, because, so far as it relates to this
District, we have the right to legislate on that
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the national executive committee of the col-
ored people of the United States, signed by
their president, George T. Downing, and their
secretary, F. G. Barbadoes, in which they ask
that the word "white" be struck from the
naturalization laws. In presenting this peti-
tion I take occasion to say that in the last
Congress I introduced a bill to strike the word
" white" out of our naturalization laws, which
failed to pass ; and again at the beginning of
: the present Congress I introduced another bill
with that object, and it has slept a long sleep
in the room of the Judiciary Committee. I
hope that they will report on it very soon.
' Meanwhile, I ask the reference of this petition
to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to say a word in
regard to the reference of that petition. The
word 44 white " ought be struck out of all laws
undoubtedly; but it covers in this matter a
great many other questions than African ones ;
and the Judiciary Committee has been charged
with bills revising the whole naturalization
laws, which include that subject as well as
others. Our friend from Massachusetts un-
doubtedly would have perfected a bill of that
complication and difficulty long ago, and have
reported one, as he always does, promptly from
his committee, but we being somewhat more
slow, are hard at work at it still, and we hope
to report in a very short time.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
take as much time as be has about the pension
for Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble with that is
that we are taking testimony on the subject of
the pension for Mrs. Lincoln, and we have not
yet been able to examine my friend from Mas-
sachusetts.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Edmund Pendleton, of Richmond, Virginia;
of M. T. Fristor, of Warren county, Virginia;
of David Jessee, D. W. Horton, and William
Broadwater, of Scott county, Virginia; of Rob-
ert H. Henley, of Henrico county, Virginia;
of E. H. Sanders, of Marion, Smyth county,
Virginia; of C. C. J. Aston, of Jonesville,
Virginia; of Arthur F. Clift, of Stafford county,
Virginia; of Melville P. Shelton, of Nelson
county, Virginia; of William H. Clopton, of
Charles City, Virginia; of Licinius T. Logan,
of Washington county, Virginia; of William
P. Windrick and James Q. Windrick, of Rich-
lands, Virginia; of James Fulcher, of Wash-
ington county, Virginia; of William Sellers,
of Rockingham county, Virginia; of M. H.
Buchanan, of Washington county, Virginia;
of A. C. Maxwell, of Abingdon, Virginia; of
George W. Alderson, of Washington county,
Virginia; of William P. Milnor, of Washing-
ton county, Virginia; of James L. Campbell,
of Washington county, Virginia; of Jacob II.
Johnson, of Washington county, Virginia; of
Walter Johnson, of Washington county, Vir-
ginia; of John H. Allen, of Lee County, Vir-
ginia; of Hamilton S. Neale, of Eastville,
Northampton county, Virginia; of Thomas
I. Boyd, of Newbern, Pulaski county, V'ir>
ginia; of R. C. Heywood, of Gloucester
county, Virginia; of Joshua Duncan, ot'Car-
roll county, Virginia; of William W. Braud,
of Roanoke county, Virginia; of Joseph H.
Holston, of Wytheville, Virginia; of W. B.
Reed, of Richmond, Virginia; of Henry S.
Hathaway, of Lancaster county, Virginia;
of Isaac Webb, of Carroll county, Virginia;
of Esau Worrell, of Carroll county,Virginia ;
of Andrew J. Litton, of Lee county,Virginia;
of Riah Billups, Jonathan Smith, and William
T. Moore, of Tazewell county, Virginia; of
William E. Roberts, of Bradford, Smyth
county, Virginia; of Addison Hall, of Lan-
caster county, Virginia; ofS. R. Johnson, of
Mecklenburg county, Virginia; ot' Baker P.
Lee, jr., of Elizabeth City county, Virginia;
of Daniel Lindamood, of Smyth county,Vir-
ginia; of Charles R. Forsee, of Powhatan
county, Virginia; of Joseph J. Palmer, of
Halifax county, Virginia; of Thomas W.
Darst, of Pulaski county, Virginia ; of James
P. Carter, of Scott county, Virginia ; of John
Jett, of Scott county, Virginia; of Jesse A.
Parker, of Isle of Wight county, Virginia ; of
E. S. Eley, of Isle of Wight county, Virginia;
of William G. Russell, sen., of Winchester
Virginia; of Roderick Bland, of King and
Queen county, Virginia; of R. T. Gordon,
of Orange Court-House, Virginia; of John
A. Sanders, of Speedwell, Wythe county,Vir-
ginia; of W. W. Parsons, of Spring Grove,
Surry county, Virginia; of E. C. Cundiff, of
Bedford county, Virginia; of W. Wade Wood-
son, of Wythe county, Virginia; of T. I.
Hughes, of Gloucester Court-House, Virginia;
of Samuel A. Ferguson, of Nelson county,
Virginia; of A. C. Williams, of Marion,
Smyth county, Virginia; of Garland S. Bruce,
of Lebanon, Russell county, Virginia; of
James Gallemore, of Carroll county, Virginia;
of William H. Hubbard, of Charles City coun-
ty, Virginia; of J. E. Roe, of Washington
county, Virginia; of John L. Johnson, of
Wythe county, Virginia; of Andrew J. Rabey,
ofNansemond county, Virginia; of James Hub-
bard, of Charles City county, Virginia; of Rob-
ert S. Bruce, of Halifax county, Virginia ; of
(i John J. Clarke, of Charles City county, Vir-
\ ginia; of Henry P. Barrow, of..Charles City
, county, Virginia: of J. C. Killinger, of Marion,
!' Smyth county, Virginia; of I. T. S. Young,
: of Dinwiddie, Virginia; of George Walker,
j of Charles City county, Virginia; of John L.
I Walker, of Charles City county, Virginia;
I of Samuel Waddill, of Charles City county,
j! Virginia; of Robert J. Vaiden, of Charles
j; City county, Virginia; of John H. Crawford,
of Washington county, Virginia; of S. N. Will-
son, of Rockbridge county, Virginia; of W. B.
Davidson, of Richmond, Virginia; of William
i F. Melone, of Greene county, Virginia; of R.
i L. Cooper, of Stafford county, Virginia, pray-
ing to be relieved from the legal and political
' i disabilities imposed upon them by the four-
|! teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
ij UnitedStates; which were referred to the select
1; Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
I: abilities.
| Mr. CHANDLER presented additional
• papers in relation to the claim of John Haley
for a pension; which, with his petition and
I papers, already on the files of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
ItEPORTS OF C0MMITTKES.
j Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
! the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S, No. 813) fixing the time for holding the
