2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
raise no surplus farming products, but buy in
great quantities of the West. Our manufac-
tures are small, and we purchase of Massachu-
setts and other States. We have no copper or
iron for our ships, and our shipping has suf-
fered so from taxes and the war that the yards
of our ship-builders are in distress. Pennsyl-
vania is tenacious of a duty on the soft coals
which amounts almost to prohibition, and de-
prives our carriers of a portion of their accus-
tomed freights. My own section, besure, ships
abundant quantities of potatoes, and this bill
proposes to reduce the duty 011 potatoes from
25 to 15 cents. So we have exhaustless slate
in our interior. Bangor, of 20,000 population,
has just expended a million of money to carry
an iron link from tide-water to the quarries, in
order to make the production of slate profit-
able, when this bill proposes for us a reduction
of the duties on that article. Shall the pros-
perity of our great lumbering interests be as-
sailed by the reductions proposed in this bill?
For one, sir, I am not for free trade for Maine
and protection for Massachusetts, Pennsyl-
vania, and other States.
There are grave political reasons why we
should no longer entertain relations of free
trade, or any approach to it, with our Canadian
neighbors. The British North American colo-
nies are destined, sooner or later, to become a
portion of the United States. The gravitation
toward such an event is now visibly going on.
Our markets are almost necessary to their exist-
ence. Although they now contribute about
§7,000,000 annually to our revenues they can
find markets nowhere else. If we relieve
them of such taxation they will the longer re-
main as they are. If we continue our present
policy of taxation, then annexation, and that,
too, before any remote period, is sure. Their
geographical position warrants the proposition
that the two countries should be one. The ter-
ritory of each side of the line is watered by the
ha. me lakesandrivers; connected and interlaced
by the same railways ; inhabited by populations
of the same race, of much the same manners
and religion, and engaged in the same business
enterprises and pursuits. They can never suc-
ceed as an empire or dominion of themselves.
There is to-day more affinity between the mar-
itime or shore provinces and New England
than between themselves, Robert J. Walker
well said that—
"The proposed Canadian Dominion, stretching
irom Newfoundland to tho Arctic and Pacific, is
but little moro than a fragmentary selvage ot the
United States. It is composed of detached parts,
iricapablo of intercommunication, or of being con-
solidated into ono empire. It can novor bo a com-
pact body with ono bead or heart or ono arterial
system."
England 110 longer needs or desires them
as her subjects. In war or peace they would
any longer be nothing but weakness to the
parent Government. While they may have
been an ornament among her possessions, a
jewel of tho Crown, it is proverbial that they
have, for their military establishmentand other
purposes, always been a tax extraordinary upon
the British exchequer. Before the late treaty
of reciprocity public attention was much di-
rected to the question of annexation. The late
Richard Cobden, as long ago as 1849, wrote
Hon. Charles Sumner:
"I agree with you that nature has decided that
Canada and tho United States must become one for
all purposes of intercommunication. Whether they
also shall be united in thosame l?oderal Government,
must depend upon the two parties to the union. I
cau assure you that there will be no repetition ot
tho policy of 1776 on our part to prevent our North
American colonics from pursuing their interests in
their own way. If tho people of Canada are toler-
ably unanimous in wishing to sever the very slight
thread which now binds them to this country, I seo
110 reason why, if good taith and ordinary temper be
observed, it should notbe done amicably."
Several of the colonies have flatly refused to
join iu the Canadian confederation, and have
already declared for annexation to the United
States. The Halifax Chronicle hits the point
when it says:
"ThemarlfettfftheUBit'e'd State's is necessary to our
lives. The market of Great Britain is not. Breams
"willnotclotheourchildren; the warmth of the shade
of a brave flag will not compensate for a barefoot
winter."
The St. John Globe, a very influential paper,
says:
"Our fish, our lumber, the farm and natural pro-
duce of tho country want a market. Whore can that
market bo obtained? lias confederation secuied it
for us? Wo think not. If it has, we should like to bo
told where it is. Confederation was to have secured
us reciprocity, but we are now emphatically told by
the President of the United States and tho House of
Representatives of that country that reciprocity is
not possible. _ How, then, are wo to get the market
that we require? Is there any other way than by
annexation?"
The manifestations of restlessness at the
present irksome political connection are grow-
ing stronger every day.
Tons annexation would be a consummation
devoutly to be wished. If we could afford to give
$7,000,000 for worthless Alaska, we should
be rejoiced to receive into the national fold
a country so rich in lumber, fisheries, min-
erals of all kinds, and productive soil, as the
provinces about us. This country always cov-
eted Canada. In the early confederation of
the States it was stipulated that Canada might
join in the compact. The Continental Con-
gress sent a commission of Benjamin Franklin
and others to entreat her. Such an event
as annexation would be a glorious realization
of the prophecy of the great commoner, John
Bright, who repudiated the doctrine prevail-
ing^ England during our late war, that a
divided country was our destiny, in the follow-
ing eloquent words:
"I have," said the great commoner, with courage-
ous faith, "another and a brighter vioion before niv
gaze. It may be .1 vision, but I will cherish it. I
see one vast confederation stretching from the frozen
North m unbroken line to tho glowing South, and
from the wild billows of the Atlantic westward to the
calmer waters of the Pacific main ; and I see one peo-
ple, and ono language, and one law, and one faith,
and over all that wide continent tho homo of freedom
for tho oppressed of every race and of every clime."
Mr. Chairman, the people of the Pine-tree
State would extend a welcome to such a polit-
ical union, and forego all tariffs when the Eug-
lish-American provinces are ready to bear a
share of the burdens as well as to participate
in the benefits and blessings of our American
Union.
Mr. KERR addressed the committee until
the hour of half past four o'clock p. m., when
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, agreeably to the order of the House,
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Churchill in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (II. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, after the free-
dom of speech, of religion, and of the press
the most inestimable boon for which our race
ever contended is the freedom of trade and
commerce. Ever since the struggles in human
society began between justice and selfishness,
liberty and oppression, the favored classes
and the neglected multitudes, tariffs have been
the chosen legislative citadels of wrong. In-
trenched behind their spccious theories and
false pretenses, dishonest oracles have deceived
the people. Professing solicitude for their pros-
perity, they have exacted grinding tribute from
their unpitied toil and sweat. Promising com-
mercial independence and national develop-
ment, they have enslaved the people and im-
poverished nations. Appealing to religion and
patriotism, they prolonged the bondage and
increased the burdens of the people. To per-
petuate their baleful ascendency over the pop-
ular mind, they invoked the aid of prejudice,
sectionalism and hatred.
This great* struggle is still going oh, and
must continue until the right shall be victorious.
Its complete triumph seemed to be well-nigh
secured under the auspices of the Democratic
party, when mutual folly and crime involved
us in eivil war. That mighty conflict was
turned to good account by the cunning and
cupidity of the emissaries of protection. In
a period of about nine years, they secured the
enactment of eleven tariff laws, each substan-
tially increasing the duties on imports. The
country is fortunately becoming aroused to a
sense of its deplorable situation under these
laws, and has fairly entered upon its second
great struggle against this system of injustice,
oppression, and robbery. The country is very
greatly indebted for this reawakening to the
earnest and intelligent labors of Mr. Commis-
sioner Wells. The past and present relations
of the Democratic party to this contest are
substantially just and consistent. Its success-
ful devotion when in power to the great prin-
ciples of commercial freedom are historic and
honorable. It contended, in the immortal
words of Thomas Jefferson, for " Equal and
exact justice to all men and exclusive privileges
to none" Economy in the public expense,
that labor may be lightly burdened;'' "and
encouragement of agriculture and of commerce
as its handmaid.''
CONSTITUTIONALITY OP TARIFFS.
We advocate these beneficent and imperish-
able principles to-day. They forbid the enact-
ment of any high, prohibitory, or class-favor-
ing tariff; of any tariff for protection merely ;
or for any purpose except the collection of
needful and reasonable revenue to be determ-
ined from time to time by the circumstances
of the country. A tariff imposed for any other
purposes violates obvious principles of free
government and civil liberty, and is forbidden
by the spirit of our institutions. If Congress
have power to levy a tariff tax on imports, and
thus indirectly upon the people for the protec-
tion of individuals or classes only, then it is
difficult to answer what Congress may not do.
It may at once establish an aristocracy in cer-
tain favored industrial pursuits. It may attach
a sort of royalty to the ownership of mines or
the manufacture of certain products. If it may
legally compel the people to pay forced prices
to such classes for their products under the
cover of a tariff for protection, it may, by the
same logic and without circumlocution, compel
them to pay direct tribute to such classes with-
out the subterfuge of a tariff for protection.
It is an accepted axiom in constitutional con-
struction that whatever may be done by indi-
rection may be done directly.
So far, therefore, as any tariff is enactcd for
the purpose of levying a tax on A for the ben-
efit of B, or on those engaged in one pursuit
for the benefit of those engaged in another, or
on the great mass of producers and consumers
for the benefit of a few favored producers, it
is essentially unconstitutional, as well as vicious
and immoral in principle. The true and only
ground upon which the right to maintain any
tariff can be sustained is twofold; first, the
necessity for revenue to defray the expenses
of the Government; and second, the power
expressly given to Congress "to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises," to
provide such revenue. But, observe, that the
grant is accompanied by the imperative in-
junction that Congress shall collect into the
public Treasury whatever duties it levies, and
not impose them merely to enable the Govern-
ment to collect a nominal proportion of them
oniy, and certain favored individuals to collect
the residue, the lion's share, to enrich their
private coffers. Whenever the power is exer-
cised it should be so exercised, therefore, as
to execute the purpose for which it is given as
nearly as practicable. This can only be done
by a tariff for revenue alone. Whenever a
tariff is organized for protection it ceases to
produce the highest results in revenue, and
becomes oppressive and unjust to all unpro-
tected classes.
