4988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
and their payment has been recommended by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and of the
Secretary of the Interior. The vouchers have
been filed and passed upon in the Interior
Department. There can be no objection like
that raised by the gentleman from Massachu-
sei Is agaiust this amendment. No other claims
can be brought iti to absorb the appropriation
for these specific purposes. I ask the gentle-
man to let it pass.
Mr. DAWES. I shall, so far as I am con-
cerned.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, this item,
amounting to $120,000 in all, is put upon the
Indian appropriation bill as sent to us by the
Senate. That, in my judgment, is not the proper
place for the item, because it is for the Indian
service of next year exclusively ; but this bill
is the proper place for such au item, it being
a miscellaneous or omnibus appropriation bill,
it provides partly appropriations for the next
fiscal year, and partly it provides for the defi-
ciencies where the amount heretofore provided
falls short.
Now, it is true that General Harney, going:
out under the general policy of the United
States to keep the peace when a terrible Indian
war was pending, did expend a great deal of
money. We have paid up all but about oue
hundred thousand dollars. The House appro-
priated just now in a meritorious case, where
a debt was contracted under the sanction, not
merely ol General Harney, but of the Presi-
dent himself, about fifty thousand dollars. The
House has therefoie reduced the amount to
$00,000.
Having made an examination into this mat-
ter, from having charge of the Indian appro-
priation bill, I can say that this demand con-
sists of small items of ten dollars up to $100
and $200 each, owed to men who, not under-
standing the refinement of our rules here,
furnished the Government with articles needed,
with their time and services. To say that they
shall go before the Court of Claims apd get a
judgment, and then get an appropriation from
Congress, would be simply a denial of justice.
These little claims are not assigned to one man,
or consolidated into one, but are held by the
original parties. They come hero and ask for
an appropriation in the proper place, and I
hope it will be made. The amendment is well
guarded. It lias the very guard the committee
desired to put upon it. The vouchers are in
the Department and have been examined, and
the recommendation has been made that they
should be paid. If this be adopted I shall
move to strike out the Senate amendment,
which is for $120,000.
[Here the hammer fell]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I offer a formal amend-
ment, to reduce the amount. I desire to make
a brief statement to the committee which I
think will set this whole matter in its true light.
General Harney went West in 1867, clothed with
certain powers, and authorized, 1 believe, to
expend $100,000. He went West and con-
tracted debts, the amount of which no man
knows. In April, 38(59, against my earnest
protest, a clause was put in the appropriation
bill appropriating $490,000 for the payment of
Harney claims, contracted in utter violation of
all law. We were assured, and we supposed
that that was the end of them. We passed the
Indian appropriation bill, giving $2,000,000for
general Indian purposes, and out of that
55100,000 more for these Harney claims, con-
tracted without the authority of law, were paid,
making in all $590,000.
Now, here comes the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts for the payment of
the Finn claim, against which the point of
order could not be made because it was put in
under the suspension of the rules made yester-
day in its behalf. I objected to the payment
of that claim. There was no authority for
incurring that obligation. It was contracted
in violation of law, and is not as meritorious
as the class of claims proposed to be provided
for in the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Pomeroy.] But I object to the j
payment of any and all of these claims, because
they were contracted in violation of law. It
just comes to this, that Congress shall surren-
der the power to appropriate the public money
into the hands of irresponsible, reckless, ex-
travagant military authorities. This will be
the result if we sanction this reckless extrava-
gance, this utter defiance of all law, by making
appropriations for these outrageous claims
contracted by General llarney. I hope that
when we come to vote on this bill iti the House
we shall be allowed to have a separate vote on j
the amendment of the gentleman from Mas- i
sachusetts, and that the House will vote it |
down. |
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I desire to say a word in regard
to these claims which grew out of our Indian
difficulties. My colleague on the committee
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrhxck] seems to take issue
with the balance of the committee on this sub-
ject. 1 will state what is the character of the
claims. In 1807 and 1868 an Indian war was j
imminent, and everybody supposed thatitcould |
not be averted. General Sherman, General j
Harney, and others, were sent to the plains with !
instructions t.o make the best terms they could j
with the Indians, and at all hazards to prevent ,
an Indian war. They made treaties with many j
of the tribes ; perhaps they exceeded their au-
thority ; but they are such treaties as the Senate
ofthe United States contendsaro valid, anil per-
sist in putting in the Indian bill appropriations
for carrying them out in spite of the House.
The general instructions given to the commis-
sioners were that peace should be preserved at
all hazards- And whatever maybe said of the
action of General Harney and the others who
wore sent into the Indian country, the fact
exists that an Indian war was averted by the
exercise of the authority and power intrusted to
General llarney and the other commissioners, j
The $100,000 given him to start with, and the j
$400,000 afterward appropriated, perhaps in i
violation of law, yet produced an indirect ben-
efit to the country, worth a great deal more— ;
yes, a thousand times more—than the money j
thus spent. The Senate have put into the !
Indian appropriation bill this amendment:
For payment of outstanding indebtedness on ae- j
count of Indi in scrviec in ttio Sioux Indian district |
in 18GS and ISM). under the,super vision of General W. 1
8. llarney, £HO,000, or so much thereof as may be ;
necessary. !
That is now in the bill as it passed the Sen- I
ate. The Committee on Appropriations of the i
House thought that it was not well to put it in /
that general form. But they were willing to :
pay such portions of the amount as they could i
ascertain, on a thorough examination of tlio :
claims themselves, were justly duo to honest
men. Among others came up this claim of
Finn, which has just passed, in the amendment. I
moved by the chairman of the Committee oil !
Appropriations. His contract was produced; ;
proof of every item was made ; all the Depart-
ments recommended it, from the President 1
down. The report of the Commissioner of j
Indian Affairs was laid before us and duly J
weighed, and there is not a man in the House 1
who, on examining the whole facts, could fail to J
admit that the claim of Finn ought to be paid. >
Now, what we have done is this: instead of
paying the whole of the claims m a general
lump, according to the proposition of the Sen-
ate, and leaving it to the discretion of the Com- I
missioucr of Indian Affairs, we determined to j
strike out the appropriation there made of \
$120,000, and to appropriate to each individual ;
tiic amount clearly proved to be due him. We
expected in th..t way to diminish the amount
put ill by the Senate, and to secure the faith-
ful application of what was voted to the per-
sons who were entitled to receive it, and wo arc
satisfied we have succeeded. The claims now
offered by the gentleman from Iowa are ol the
same kind ; his amount is too high; but when
reduced to the proper amount ought to pass,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish to add a single word
only to what has been so well said by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] When
in 1807 we sent out the Indian peace commis-
sion, with General Sherman at its head, we
gave them $500,000 to effect treaties with the
Indians. General Sherman gave $100,000 to
General Harney, and sent him up to Missouri
river to treat with the Indians. The Indian
tribes came in beyond all the calculations of
General Sherman or anybody else, audit was a
question whether they should starve or fight.
General llarney went on and expended money
in their support, not very economically. He
wrote to General Sherman to know what he
should do, and Geueral Sherman wrote him
that he must.go on, and that an appeal would
be made to Congress for any deficiency. Ho
did go on, and 1 supposed that a year ago we
had all of the claims, and we appropriated
less than half a million dollars to pay them.
Now, this claim is in one sense outside of legal
provision ; but General Sherman approved it,
and General Grant, then at the head of the
Army, approved it. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has the evidence that th'13 man came
here to Washington and inquired of the Gen-
eral of the Army whether he could get his pay
if he fulfilled that contract. The General told
him the contract must be fulfilled or the Indians
would fight. He wont to the President of file
United States, an 1 lie told him to fulfill that
contract.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. McCRARY. lofierthofollowingamend-
ment:
For this amount, or .so much thereof as may be
necessary, for payment for services rendered and
supplies furnished for and on account of the ludnm
service at Fort JJert.lioid agency, Dakota Territoiy,
as per list of vouchers accompanying the letter of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of .February 9,
1870, liio sum of &G5.20J 05.
This appropriation has been passed upon by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, by the Gov-
ernor and superintendent ex officio of Indian
affairs for the Territory, and is recommended
by a letter, dated February 9,1870, which I will
ask the Clerk to read.
Mr. DAWES. Js not the gentleman aware
that this is provided for in the deficiency bill?
Mr. McCRARY. It is not. The amend-
ment which I have offered is an additional one
to t he one offered by my colleague, [Mr. PoMB-
unv.]
Mr. PAINE. I would like to ask tho gen-
tleman from Iowa a question. There seems
to be ail impression oil the part of the chair-
man ofthe Committee on Appropriations that
this account has been included in accounts for
which provision has been already made. I
would ask the gentleman if he is sure that it is
not included in any accounts already provided
for?
Mr. McCRARY. It is not, as I am advised.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to tho gentleman
that if this amount be due he can have it
included in the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move to amend the
amendment by reducing the amount $500,
and I yifid to my colleague, [Mr. McCuAKr ]
Mr. McCRAKY. I am now advised that
this accQunt is not included in the amendment
of my colleague, [Mr. PoilEaoY.]
] ask the Clerk to read the letter from the
; Secretary of the Interior, and also that of the
| Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which wi.l
; explain the whole matter.
j The Clerk read as follows:
depahrmijnt op t1ie ixtebio't,
| Wasiiixgh'ox, 1). U„ itbruar;/10. IS'1.
\ Sir: I hare the honor to transmit herewith s
of a ciuiimimcaJkm of the Ot'u jnsuat from the t3i  -
rai^-'ionor of Indian Allans, reoortin^ the sum of
SliJ.20.} U5 due tor services rendered aivl supplies fm-
iiishcd for and on account of file Indian service at
Tort lierthoid agency, Dakota Territory.
