3994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno I,
mit perjury in order to avoid the payment of
this tax, shall we, therefore, excuse them from
the payment of the tax altogether?
As to the tax being inquisitorial, we must
find out in some way what a man has got in
the levying of any tax. The committee have
endeavored to remedy somewhat one objection
to the levying of this tax, by forbidding the
publication of the incomes returned, for the
purpose of keeping them out of the newspapers
of the country. That may be some relief in
that regard from an objection which has been
made against this tax.
But 1 hold that, with some changes in the
respects I have indicated, this income tax
should be retained. I can see no good reason
for abandoning the whole of this tax, for we
cannot spare the revenue which can be derived
from it. Gentlemen must bear in mind that
every dollar which we take off this income tax,
which applies to the rich men of the country,
must be laid upon the poorer men of the coun-
try. Let thern remember, when they propose
to take this tax off the rich and influential men
of their districts, they must put it upon the
poor men of their districts. 1 protest against
any such action on the part of Congress. I
stand here in behalf of the great body of the
people. I believe this is the most just and
righteous tax of all the different taxes which
are levied under our laws.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I rise to make a suggestion.
It will be observed that the sections beginning
with section thirty-five and extending to sec-
tion forty-three inclusive relate all to the same
subject-matter—the income tax and the exemp-
tions therefrom. It would manifestly facilitate
the business of the House if these sections
should all be considered together. I ask unani-
mous consent to that arrangement.
There was no objection.
The sections are as follows:
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That thoro shall
bo levied and collected annually a tax of five per
cont. upon the gains, profits, and income of every
person residing in tho United States, and of every
citizen of tho United States residing abroad, derived
from any source whatever, whether within or with-
out tho United States, except as hereafter provided,
and a like tax annually upon tha gains, profits, and
income derived from any business, trade, or profes-
sion carried on in the United States by any person
residing without tho United States and not a citizen
thereof, or from rents of real estate within the Unitod
Slates owned by any person residing without the
United States and not a citizen thereof.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That in esti-
mating the gains, profits, and income of any person,
thcro shall be included all income derived from any
kind of property, rents, interest received or accrued
upon all notes, bonds, and mortgages, or other forms
of indebtedness bearing interest, whether paid or
not, if good and collectable, interest upon notes,
bonds, or other securities of tho United States; and
the amount of all premium on gold and coupons;
the gains, profit?, and income of any business, pro-
fession, trade, employment, office, or vocation, in-
cluding any amount rcceivcd as salary or pay for
services in the civil, military, naval, or other service
of the United States; or as Senator, Representative,
or Delegate in Congress; tho sharo of any person of
the gains and profits, whether divided or not, of all
companies, or partnerships, but not including the
amount received from any corporations whose offi-
cers, as authorized by law, withhold and pay as
taxes a per cent, of the dividends made, and of in-
terest or coupons paid by such corporations; profits
realized within tho year from sales of real estate
purchased within two years previous to the year for
which income is estimated; the amount of pales of
live stock, sugar, wool, butter, cheese, pork, beef,
mutton, or other meats, hay and grain, fruits, vege-
tables, or other productions, being tho growth or
produce oftne estato of such person, but not includ-
ing any part thereof consumed directly by the fam-
ily; and ail othor gains, profits, and income drawn
n oni any source whatever, but not including the
rental value of tho homestead used or occupied by
any person or by his family.
Sec. .37. A adbe it further enacted, That military or
naval pensions allowed to any person under the laws
of the United States, and the sum of $1,500 of the
gains, profits, and income of any person shall be
exempt from said income tax in the matter herein-
after provided. Only one deduction of $1,500 shall
bo made from the aggregate income of all the mem-
bers of any lainiiy composed of one or both parents
and one or more minor children, or of husband and
wife: but when a wife has by law a separate income
beyond the control of her husband, and is living sep-
arate and apui t from him, such deduction shall then
ne made from her income, trains, and profits; and
guardians and trustees shall be allowed to make the
deduction in favor of each ward or beneficiary, except
that in case of two or more wards or beneficiaries
comprised in one family, having joint property in-
terest, only one deduction shall be made in their
favor. For the purpose of allowing said deduction
from the income, any religious or social community,
holding all their property and the income therefrom
jointly and in common, each ten of the persons com-
posing such society and any remaining fractional
number of-such persons not less than five over such
groups of ten, shall be held to constitute a family,
and a deduction of $1,500 shall be allowed for each
of said families. Any taxes on the incomes, gains,
and profits of such, societies now due and unpaid
shall be assessed and collected according to this
provision.
Sec.38. Andbe it further enacted, That in addition
to the exemptions provided in the preceding section,
there shall be deducted from the gains, profits, ana
income of any person all national, State, county, and
municipal taxes, paid by him within the year, whether
such person be owner, tenant, or mortgager: all his
losses actually sustained during the year arising from
fires, shipwreck, or incurred in trade, and debts as-
certained to be worthless, but excluding all estimated
depreciation of values; the amount of interest paid
for tho use of money borrowed, and the amount paid
for rent and labor to enable him to cultivate land,
or conduct any other business from which income is
derived; the amount paid for the rent of the house
or premises occupied as a residence for himself or
his family, and the amount paid out for usual and
ordinary repairs. No deduction shall be mado for
any amount paid out for new buildings, permanent
improvements, or betterments made to increase the
value of any property or estate.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted. That tho tax
hereinbefore provided shall be assessed upon the
gains, profits, and income for the year ending on the
31st day of December next preceding the time for
levying and collecting said tax, and shall be levied
on the 1st day of March, and be due and payable on
or before tho 30th day of April in each year. And
in addition to any sum annually due and unpaid after
the 30th day of April, and for ten days after notice
and demand thereof by tho collector, there shall bo
levied and collected, as a penalty, th^ sum of five
per cent, on the amount unpaid, and interest on said
amount at the rate of one per ccnt. per month from
tho time the same became due except from the estates
of deceased, insane, or insolvent persons.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of every person of lawful age, whose gross
income during the preceding year exceeded SI,500,
to make and render a return, on or before the day
designated by law, to the assistant assessor of the
district in which he resides, of the gross amount of
his income, gains, and profits as aforesaid; but not
including the amount received trom any corporation
whose officers, as authorized by law, withhold and
pay as taxes a per cent, of the dividends made
and of tho interest or coupons paid by such corpora-
tion; and every guardian and trustee, executor or
administrator, and any person acting in any other
fiduciary capacity, shall make and render a return
as aforesaid to the assistant assessor of tho district
in which he resides of the amount of income, gains,
and profits of any minor or person for whom he acts.
1 ho assistant assessor shall require every such return
to be verified by the oath of the party rendering it,
and may increase tho amountof any return, if he has
reason to believe that the same is understated. In
ease any person having a gross income as above, of
$1,oQO or more, shall neglect or refuse to make and
render such return, or shall render a false or fraud-
ulent return, the assessor or the assistant assessor
shall make such return, according to the best in-
formation he can obtain by the examination of said
person, or of his books or accounts, or by any other
evidence, and shall add, as a penalty, to the amount
of the tax due thereon, fifty per cent, in all cases of
willtul neglect or refusal to make and render a re-
turn, and one hundred per cent, in all cases of false
or Iraudulent return having been rendered. The
tax and the addition.thereto as penalty shall bo as-
sessed and collected in the manner provided for in
cases of willful neglect or refusal to render a return,
or of rendering a false or fraudulent return. But
no penalty shall be assessed upon any person for
such neglect or refusal, or for making or rendering
a false or fraudulent return, except after reasonable
notice of the time and place of hearing, to be i-egu-
lated by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, so
as to give the person charged an opportunity to be
heard: Provided, That no assistant assessor shall
permit to be published in any manner such income
returns, or any part thereof, exceptunder such rules
and regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall prescribe.
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That when tho
return of any person is increased by tho assistant
assessor, such person may exhibit his books and
accounts and be permitted to prove and declare
under oath, the amount of income liable to be as-
sessed; but such oath and evidence shall not be con-
clusive of the facts, and no deductions claimed in
such cases shall be allowed until approved by the
assistant assessor. # Any person may appeal from the
decision ot the assistant assessor, in such cases to the
assessor of the district, and his decision thereon
unless reversed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, shall be final. The form, time, and man-
ner ot proceedings shall be subject to regulations to
be prescribed by tho Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
. Sec. 42. And he it further enacted. That any person
in.his own behalf, or assuch fiduciary, shall be per-
mitted to declare, under oath, that ho, or his ward
or beneficiary, was not possessed of an income of
$1,500, liable to bo assessed according to the provis-
ions of this act; or may declare that an income tax
has been assessed and paid elsewhere in the same
year, under authority ot the TJnited States, upon his
income, gains, and profits, or those of his ward or
beneficiary, as required by law; and if the assistant
assessor shall be satisfied of the truth of tho declara-
tion, such person shall thereupon bo exempt iroin
income tax in the said district.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted. That consuls of
foreign Governments who are not citizens of the
United States shall be exempt from any income tax
imposed by this act which may be derived from their
official emoluments, or from property in foreign
countries: Provided, That the Governments which
such consuls may represent shall extend similar
exemption to consuls of the United States.
Mr. COX. Is it proposed to limit debate
on these sections 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard no
proposition whatever for limiting debate.
Mr. SARGENT. I trust there will be no
limitation of debate on this very interesting
question.
Mr. McCARTHY. I withdraw my amend-
ment, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] may renew it.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment. I
desire to invite the attention of the House to
the amount of revenue we are now collecting.
The income during the fiscal year which will
close on the 30th of this month will be in the
neighborhood of four hundred and twenty mil-
lion dollars—certainly more than four hun-
dred and ten million dollars. The Secretary
of the Treasury estimates the expenditures for
theyear ending June 30,1871, at §291,000,000.
The receipts from customs for this year have
far exceeded the amount estimated. The re-
ceipts from customs last year were $ 180,048,426,
and those from the same source during the
first eleven months of the current fiscal year
exceed that amount. Under our "prohibitory
tariff,", as it is sometimes called, we shall col-
lect this year from customs, in round numbers,
$200,000,000. Thereceipts from internal reve-
nue also exceed those of the first eleven months
of last year twenty per cent. Prom this source
we shall, therefore, collect about one hundred
and eighty million dollars. The income frofn
lands and miscellaneous sources will certainly
carry the revenues of the Government for the
year ending June SO, 18*70, to $410,000,000.
A Member. Give us the items.
Mr. KELLEY. Prom customs the amount
of receipts will be $200,000,000; from internal
revenue, $180,000,000; from miscellaneous
sources, according to the estimate of the Secre-
tary, $28,000,000; and from lands, $5,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. It was $32,000,000 last
year.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; and from lands
we received last year over. $4,000,000. Thus
it will be seen that we are in the receipt of not
the amount estimated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, $394,831,622, but a sum probably
twenty-five million dollars in excess of it.
I came to Washington at the opening of this
session with the conviction that we could repeal
taxes amounting to $70,000,000, and still leave
a large surplus over the amount required for
the payment of current expenses and interest
on the public debt applicable to the reduction
of the principal of the debt. After an examin-
ation of the income of the customs and inter-
nal revenue departments 1 believe that we can
with safety repeal taxes which are yielding
this year $100,000,000, and that we can do this
without impairing the credit of the Govern-
ment or depriving it of the power to make liberal
payments on the public debt. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. LoganJ asks why I did not
vote for a reduction to that extent in the com-
mittee. I did vote for it in the committee,
though I did not at the first vote favor the
entire abolition of the income tax. I subse-
quently made my views known to the commit-
tee ; and I will repeat here what I then said,
that the people whom I represent, and who
object to this tax, say, "We do not specially
ask a reduction of taxes; we ask to be relieved
from the inquisitorial features of the income
tax law, to be relieved from the necessity of
