1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
trite principles of tariff adjustment.
It must be readily perceived by any citizen,
however unfamiliar with the science of polit-
ical economy, that, in the practical adjustment
of a tariff for revenue, the only true aud just
principles require that all duties shall be low,
because moderate imposts produce more rev-
enue than high and protective imposts; and
that the number of dutiable articles shall be
small, because sufficient revenue can be thus
secured, with infinitely less expanse in collec-
tion, or injury to the general interests of pro-
duction, or intricacy, fraud, and jugglery in
the organization of the tariff; and that the
leastburdensome duties shall bo imposed on
all kinds of imported raw materials, because
thereby domestic industry will be most effect-
ually aided and encouraged, and domestic pro-
duction least burdened and best enabled to
compete successfully in all the markets of the
world; and that the highest, duties shall he
imposed upon imported articles of luxury and
articles consumed chiefly by the rich, because
thereby labor, the poor, the great body of th"
people, may be more lightly burdened ; and
that all duties imposed upon articles which are
produced to any material extent, in the coun-
try shall be always moderate and made to bear
constant reference to the production of rea-
sonable revenue, because, if such duties are
high, or protective, or prohibitory, they tend
constantly and powerfully to build up monop-
olies, unduly encourage favorite classes, un-
justly increase prices to the advantage of the
few and the oppression of the many, excess-
ively stimulate production and divert capital
from more useful and legitimate enterprises,
and cncournge and invite improper, selfish,
and corrupt influences to control legislation
and override the interests and rights of the
people; and that reasonable duties imposed
upon articles which cannot be produced to any
extent in the country yield more revenueupou
the amount of capital engaged in their import-
ation, and aggravate domestic prices of other
commodities less, aud therefore injure the peo-
ple less, than any others, because all the addi-
tions to the prices of such articles made by
the tariff are actually paid into the Treasury,
and never go into the pockets of monopolists
or Government favorites, aud do not tend to
buildup exotic enterprises, relying upon class
legislation and plunder for their support. Of
these principles I shall givo many illustrations
before ! have done. Their utter disregard in
the existing tariff and in tho proposed bill is
apparent in almost every section.
Mr. Chairman, I do not demand that the
tariff shall be so adjusted, oven if that were
possible, as that its burdens .shall rest with
absolute equality on all classes of the people.
But it is not possible, although a perfect sys-
tem of taxation should so operate. No tariff
can be so adjusted, aud equality of burdens
is just what protectionists do not want. The
moment a tariff can be so arranged as that it
shall work absolute equality in burdens the
protectionists will demand its repeal, because
it will then cease to be protective in any sense.
Tariff protection and equality are inconsistent
terms. Tho best tariff that is practicable,
therefore, is a purely revenue tariff, because
it yields the most in customs and comes near-
est to equality in burdens.
tariffs of other nations.
Mr. Chairman, I have examined with much
care the tariffs of the principal nations of
Europe, and have compared them in many im-
portant respects with our own. It must be
matter of absolute surprise to any person unin-
itiated into the arts, mystery, and jugglery of
tariff-making, that the enormities in our sys-
tem so far exceed those in the tariff systems of
any other nations on earth. The number of
taxed articles under our laws is between 3,000
and 4,000. To this there is no parallel in the
world. The British tariff, many years ago
nearly equaling ours, now embraces only 33
aiticleS) or as cias'silied, only 11, and it im-
poses the most inconsiderable duties on any
kind of raw materials, and on the great major-
ity of imports none at all. The average rate
of imposts on all dutiable articles does not
exceed 30 per cent, of their value, and the
average rate on all imports, dutiable and free,
is less than 8 per cent. Yet in 18G7 the
total imports into Great Britain in value were
$1,114,700,203, and into the United States only
$375,140,688, and th a free imports into Great
Britain that year were $762,003,500, and into
the United States only $16,500,611. Yet,
under the British tariff the customs revenue
last year was about $110,000,000 against
$180,048,426 in the United States.
The French tariff, with a rate of duties on
dutiable imports averaging from 10 to 15 per
cent, of their value, embraces about one tenth
as many articles as ours, generally favors the
importation of raw materials, and better pro-
motes the welfare of the country and the col-
lection of reasonable revenue. In his late
speech in the Chamber of Deputies in favor of
an increase in the Preach tariff the venerable
and distinguished M. Thiers said :
"I)o wo n.:'k forprohibitivoduties? No. Or others
fuifiieiontly protoetivo? Not oven tliat. There arc
t ivoeouiitrie.s which havo nrotcotivo duties of (W. 70.
00, wid 100 per cent. lu many others they mo not
boluw 20. Wu do not ask. even that."
The ZMixrcin, or tariff of the German Con-
federation, which regulates most piosperouslv
the cmnmcreial interests of over 70,000,000
people, admits raw materials almost entirely
free, and imposes on a small number of other
articles duties which average less than '.) per
cent. The Russian, Spanish. Portuguese, Bel-
gian, anil other principal tariffs of Kurope tax
respectively about, one tenth as many articles
as are contained in our schedules, and the
highest average rate of duties in any one of
them is much less than ours, and in nearly
all of them there is present, agitation for still
greater reductions. There is no system in
the world so expensive, so complicated, so
injurious to the interests of the people, or
so dillieult for the citizens to comprehend as
ours has become under the control of the Re-
publican parly, ft. seems manifest, that the
genius which has of late presided over the
organization of our system has chiefly desired,
by intricate legal enactments and by the ob-
scure interlacing, _ overlapping, and mixing
together of specific and ad valorem duties,
drawbacks, and bounties, to render it, a sealed
book except to the greedyand cunning priests
of Mammon, in whose interests it has been
created.
TAHITI'S netuxo THE WAIi.
The assumptions and theories of protection-
ists are never safe or reliable, and will not bear
tho test of scrutiny and analysis. During the
late, war, with apparent force and fairness,
they claimed that by reason of our onerous
system of internal and excise taxation our do-
mestic manufacturers were put at a disadvan-
tage with those of foreign nations, aiul that,
therefore, our duties should be raised. They
were raised so that during the years of the war,
1803-05, they averaged annually on all dutiable
imports over 35 per cent., and on all imports,
whether taxed or not, very near 27 per cent.
But ever since the war they have been earnest,
persistent, and clamorous in their demands for
still further increase, and have been usin"-
money and influence to secure large additions
to oven the war rates, first by relieving their
principal productions from all excise taxes,
and second by raising still higher the duties on
nil competing productions of other nations
Ihus it has happened that within the last four
years all excise taxes which discriminated
against knowledge, as the taxes upon books,
paper, and printing, and against capital and
thrift, as the differential income tax, and against
the transportation of freights by boats Sr ve-
hicles, and against the great leading raw ma-
terials, as coal, pig-iron, cotton, sugar, and
petroleum .have been entirely swept from the
statute-book. J
No direct taxes, moreover, are now imposed
upon any manufactured product, with the ex-
ception of distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
tobacco, gas, patent medicines, perfumeries,
cosmetics, and playing-cards, all of which may
be regarded in the light of luxuries, and as
involving chiefly a voluntary assessment on the
part of consumers. These changes have been
needed and proper reforms, and have resulted
in incalculable advantage to the country, and
no material detriment to the revenue, because
it is still too high ; and yet if they had been
continued, and the aggregate productions of the
country had been what they were last year, it
is capable of demonstration that they would
have added at least $150,000,000 to the annual
revenue.
tariffs since the war.
And now, Mr. Chairman, with these mighty
changes all operating directly and munificently
in the interests of the great manufacturers and
monopolists of the country, what does the rec-
ord show ? It ought to bring to the cheek of
every proteetionist the blush of shame, and if
he is incapable of displaying that momentary
virtue, then the people should drive his emis-
saries from these lobbies with whips of scorp-
ions. Let us see. Instead of being content
with these generous advantages, in the abused
name of protection to domestic industry and
manufactures they have demanded additional
bounties and spoliations. They procured the
imposts to be raised each year since the war,
so that, during the four years that have inter-
vened, 1866-09, they have averaged annually
on all dutiable articles imported 47 percent.,
and on all imports, whether dutiable or free,
42 per cent, of their value, and still they
demand more! These are by far the most
excessive and oppressive duties ever imposed
by our Government, except during the three
years of the war of 1812, which was a for-
eign and not a domestic war, when with the
effect of high duties and embargoes the annual
average of duties was 54 per cent, of the value
of all imports; but it is a noticeable fact that
the then Democratic Administration, in the
very first year of peace, 1816, reduced the rate
to 25per cent., and in the succeeding five years
of peace the annual average of duties was only
22 per cent, of the value of the imports. It
is very clear that in those times the protec-
tionists did not possess the Government as
they do to-day.
The anomalous and abnormal condition of
our tariff system mocks the spirit of the age.
It points to the past, and invites the nation to
return to the dominion of hatred, selfishness,
and oppression. It resists tho tendency of the
nations toward free intercourse, liberal policy,
and generous sympathy. It ignores the com-
mercial brotherhood of mankind, and the equal
rights of our own citizens. It seeks to force
prices and thereby to increase values and wealth.
It is wrong, rotten, and should be reformed,
not intensified and consolidated, as this bill
proposes. _ Adjusted upon just and sound
principles, its burdens could be vastly reduced,
the revenue remain ample, and every interest
of the country be sufficiently favored.
who are "american industry?"
'fhe greedy protectionists object to reduction
because it would not afford sufficient protection
to American industry. This cry is old, stale,
delusive, and often insincere. Who are the
people, the hosts, the toilers, to whose pur-
suits they give the cabalistic and pretentious
name of "American industry?" Our popula-
tion is about 40,000.000 souls. According to
the most reliable classification, forty-one per
cent., or about 16,400,000 of these are engaged
m and supported by agriculture; about thirteen
per cent., or 5,200,000, are engaged in and sup-
ported by pursuits that are classified as pro-
fessional and domestic; about nine per cent.,
or 3,600,000, are engaged in and supported by
general commerce and trade, the conveyance
of men, goods, and messages; about thirteen
per cent.) or 5,200,000, are classified as indef-
