1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
reporters, or the present contract with the
Globe, would be in any way affected by this
proposed change. On the contravy, by mak-
ing ibis change now the reporters would be
able, in 'he coming year, to make a new con-
tract in view of that change. I understand
that the proprietors of the Congressional Globe
employ their own reporters and compensate
them by contract. It may be upon the assump-
tion that there is to be additional compensa-
tion given to them by Cougress, which is also
an assumption that Congress will continue the
increased labor of the reporters. Now, my
amendment is upon the idea that this House
means to cut down the expense of publishing
the Globe; that if the Globe be continued in
some torm, then the speeches which are now
printed but never made, and those speeches
which are made for buncombe only, will, by
some resolution of this House, be kept out of
the Globe entirely, and each member allowed
to print his own speeches at his own expense.
I hope, therefore, that this provision of the
bill will be rejected.
Mr. DAWES. The contract with the Globe
is for this entire Congress; and if we refuse
to give these reporters this additional com-
pensation then the proprietors will obtain the
services of these reporters for the next session
of Congress for less than either they or the
reporters expected wlieu the present contract
was made. That is the long and the short of
the whole matter.
Mr. XIBLACK. I sympathize with the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] in his
efforts to cut down the expenditures of this
Government, including those expenditures
which are connected with the publication of
the debates of this House. Economy is one
of the imperative duties of the hour. But I
have yet seen no evidence that Congress seri-
ously intends to discontinue the publication
of the Globe, or the publication of the debates
of this Houge in some other form, should the
publication of the Globe be discontinued or
the patronage of Congress be withdrawn from
the Globe.
Now, I apprehend that is one of the last
items of expenditure which this House seri-
ously contemplates dispensing with. We may
declare here against the present system of
reporting as much as we please, yet I think
when it comes to testing the question whether
we shall or not cease to publish our debates
here, we will find a very large majority of mem-
bers who will oppose any discontinuance of
this publication. It is the only authentic
means which the people of the country have
of knowing just what is said and done here,
and to know these is sometimes of the highest
importance to the public interests.
Sir, it is the only chance some of us have of
getting into history. [Laughter.] But for this
I am afraid some of us would never again be i
heard of in this world. [Laughter.] I feel that j
I am myself peculiarly within that category.
And believing that it is the only chance I have
to go down to posterity in history, the only
chance that my children will ever have of ascer-
taining the fact that their father cut any figure
in the public affairs of this country, [great
laughter,] I should be very reluctant to vote
to discontinue the publication of the Congres-
sional Globe. i
Mr. GARMELD, of Ohio. Wilt the gen- 1
tleman allow me to ask him a question? :
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir; certainly. 1
Mr. GAIiHELD, of Ohio. I have always
believed my friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
!° "e a very humane man. I have 110 doubt he
is humane and kind to his children. Now, ■
does he really ever expect to iuflict any such
janumanity upon those who shall succeed to i
his name and fortune as to compel them to read ,
through the many volumes of the Congressional i
Wobe in order to ascertain what their father
did? [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I confess that much of
that reading would be a very great infliction
indeed; but as it is the only chance they will
ever have to ascertain what part I played in the
world here, I think I cannot very well afford to
cut off that opportunity, poor and unsatisfactory
as it may be; at least they can see by refer-
ence to the index of the Globe that I have been
a member of Congress, and made sundry mo-
tions, and sometimes made little speeches here,
and therefore I cannot consent to withdraw
from them that very little opportunity to enjoy
reading about the position which their father
appeared to occupy as a member of this House.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, nobody, I think, will complain that
I occupy the attention of this House unduly,
and I am not much in favor, as a general rule,
of the practice of publishing speeches which
I have not been delivered in the House. But if,
1 from the press of business here, gentlemen
cannot have the opportunity to occupy the floor
and deliver their speeches extemporaneously,
or read them from manuscript, it is as little
as we can do to allow them to print their re-
' marks in the Globe, so that posterity may be
able to see at least that they were members of
the House and had some ideas of their own
upon the current topics which engage the atten-
tion of this body from time to time. If we can-
not have an opportunity to make speeches, the
I next best thing is to allow us the privilege of
publishing an essay occasionally on the subject
i under consideration, which, so far as posterity
I is concerned, will perhaps be just as effica-
cious. [Laughter.] At all events, it saves
time, and occasionally, perhaps, one of those
inflictions on the House of which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] complains.
Sir, I apprehend that my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] would not have his speech upon
the census bill suppressed for any very small
consideration. [Great laughter.] Why, sir,
that effort alone will send him down in history
as a gentleman of great learning, discrimina-
tion, and labor. If I were a relative of his, I
would, I think, read that speech in years to
come with great pride, [laughter,] as I do not
doubt his children will. I am surprised, there-
fore, when the gentleman talks to us about
"inflicting" upon posterity the reading of the
speeches of members of Congress as published
in the Globe, after sending himself down to
history so handsomely through its columns.
I submit to the gentleman whether it is not
unkind for him to attempt to deprive future
members of Congress of the same opportuni-
ties for distinction? [Laughter.] Why, sir,
I should never think of doing such a thing after
the privileges I have enjoyed here, although I
have very much less to be proud of than the
gentleman can justly lay claim to.
Sir, seriously, the age in which we live, and
all our surroundings here, denaand that what
we do in this Hall shall be faithfully recorded,
and tills can best be done by official reporters.
It costs money to do it, but on the whole it is
money well spent. We might do it on less
money, but that is not the question on this
amendment. It is now proposed to discontinue ;
this altogether. To that I earnestly object, j
Sir, this institution called the "Globe" is
one of the miracles of the times. The facility ]
aud exactness with which it records everything
we say and do here are wonderful, indeed; per- i
fectly incomprehensible to the uninitiated. Its !
success is in a great measure due to the very
excellent corps of reporters it employs, and I
trust there will be no serious opposition now
to paying them the usual compensation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
• The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Davis, to strike out the following:
For tho usual additional compensation to the re-
porters o/ the Senate for the Congressional Globe for
reporting the proceedings of the Senate for the third
session of the Forty-First Congress, $800 each, $4,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Capitol police:
For one captain, 81,800; one lieutenant, SI,500;
twenty privates, at $1,080 each, $21,600; and eicht
watchmen, at $900 each, $7,200; milking in all $32,100,
one half to be paid into the contingent fund of tho
House of Representatives, and the other half to be
paid into the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
For one captain, $2,088; two lieutenants at $1,800
each; thirty privates, at $1,584 each ; twelve watch-
i men. at #1,000 each; making in all S6>,160, one half
j to be paid into the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives, and the other half to be paid into
the contingent fund of the Senate.
I am in favor of economy and retrenchment,
but I think it is a very bad policy, and one that
will scarcely meet with the approval of the
country, to commence economy at the expense
of the poor men who are acting as the guard-
ians of this building. Many of them have been
soldiers, most of them are cripples, and they
are scarcely able to support their families and
educate their children upon the sum which has
been heretofore accorded to them. I sincerely
hope that no retrenchment will be made in
this item. My amendment proposes that we
shall allow these men the same compensation
that was allowed last year.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I understand
that the gentleman's amendment is in accord-
ance with the estimate which proposes to give
the same pay as last year. I desire to call the
attention of those members who may be dis-
posed to economize wherever they can to the
history of the Capitol police. By a statute
passed in 1828 the care of the public buildings
and grounds was intrusted to a Commissioner
of Public Buildings, who was allowed a reason-
able compensation for the expenses incurred.
That provision continued until 1851, there
having been during that period no special
j appropriation for Capitol police. The first
j special appropriation for the expenses of
j guarding this Capitol was made in 1851, and
the amount appropriated was $3,560.
In 1851 all that it cost the Government to
protect this buildiug was $3,560. Since then
additions have been made to the Capitol, and
from time to time this has increased, until
during the war, when there was apprehension
of danger to this Capitol from explosion of
torpedoes and the like, it was increased to
$50,976. It would be supposed that what was
necessary to protect the Capitol in time of war
certainly would be sufficient to protect it in
time of peace ; and what would be considered
a sufficient guard for the Capitol in time of
danger certainly would be sufficient when the
war was over and danger had passed away;
yet, sir, since 1867 up to this time this has
constantly increased, until last year it amounted
to $71,748; in other words $20,000 have been
added to the expense of watching this Capitol
since 1867; and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Negley] proposes to reenact that
amount for the coming fiscal year. He pro-
poses to give the men who watch the Capitol
indoors during the day and night one third
more pay than the Metropolitan police, who
walk the streets at night, are paid. He pro-
poses to pay a captain, two lieutenants, and
forty-five men this enormous sum for merely
guarding the avenues to this Capitol by day
and night, and who are shut up here free from
any danger to their persons by burglars and
others, to which the Metropolitan police are
subject. The committee propose to have one
captain at $1,800 a year ; one lieutenant at
1,500; and then to put the remainder of the
police at precisely the same pay which the
Metropolitan police have. I call upon the
members of the House to say whether they
will impose upon the country this additional
burden of $20,000 in the mere item of watch-
ing this Capitol, when all danger has passed
away.
Last year, at the other end of the Capitol,
some one who wished to obtain an ornamental
