1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3995
exhibiting to the public view our entire income
and its sources; from laying before the commu-
nity in which we live the measure of our mis-
fortunes or our prosperity; from presenting to
the members of our families, whose expendi-
tures we should control, evidences of our pros-
perity if it has been unusual, or from our cred-
itors evidences that the year's business has
been adverse, and thus possibly damaging our
credit." These citizens ask that their private
books and papers shall not be subject to the
investigation of a rival house or an enemy upon
the mere order of some irresponsible assistant
assessor, who challenges their correctness or
calls upon them to produce their books at the
assessor's office.
Mr. WELKBR. That is done'every spring
jn the West under State taxes.
Mr. KBLLBY. It may be done for State
taxes in Ohio ; but it is a long time since I
learned the maxim, and a good one it is, that
two wrongs do not make one right, and the
fact that your practice is inquisitorial for one
purpose and in one direction is no reason why
we should extend it for another purpose in
another direction. I believe we can make the
reductions proposed by the committee and add
to them the eutire sum of the income tax, and
yet pass a tariff bill which shall materially
relieve the country, without at all impairing
the power of the Government to meet its ex-
penses, to pay the interest, and to surprise all
Europe by the large sum it will pay of the pub-
lic debt after such a reduction of the taxes.
It was my judgment at the beginning of the
session, and subsequent observation and re-
flection have confirmed its correctness, that to
have passed such a tariff bill as the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means submitted would not
have reduced the income of the Government
$10,000,000, while it would have relieved the
commerce and people of the country of about
twenty-five million dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise,
Mr. Speaker, technically to oppose the pend-
ing amendment, but especially to oppose some
views advocated by my friend from Philadel-
phia, [Mr. Kelley,] while I advocate it. I
think, sir, there are two things which the
people of this country are agreed upon with-
out distinction of party. The first is that there
should be a reduction of taxes, and secondly,
that there should be a reduction of tax officers ;
and I think it is about an even question on both
of these propositions as to the feeling of the
people for their abolition.
Now, sir, an income tax fairly and justly
levied, in my judgment, is the most just and
most equitable of all taxes; but an income tax
levied and collected as ours is is the most
unfair, unjust, and inquisitorial of all taxes.
Mr. KELLEY. i ask the gentleman to
yield me a single moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not time.
Mr. lvELLEY. I wish to state the number
of officers this involves, as 1 have it from the
Treasury documents.
Mr. RANDALL. You can put them in your
speech.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield, as I have only live minutes.
I say, Mr. Speaker, an income tax levied
and collected as ours is is the most irritating,
provocative of opposition, and imperfect of all
taxes, and for tins among other reasons. Sir,
the amount of tax which the people pay is not
the test of their restiveness under taxation.
The people are willing to pay any tax which
the necessities of the Government require to
be borne. Whether taxation comes as a ques-
tion of patriotism or a question of exaction,
still, if required for the necessities of the Gov-
ernment, the people come up willingly to the
burden. But a principal difficulty of our in-
come tax is that it mistakes earnings for income.
Ittieatsas income the products of honest labor,
whether mental or physical, and undertakes by
inquisition in collecting it to treat every man in
the country as a rogue and rsiscal most likely
to evade the tax, and thereby succeeds only in
compelling the conscientious, the honest, and
the just men to pay the tax, allowing all the
rogues to escape. The difficulty is, we do not
tax incomes at all—only the consciences of
those who are supposed to have incomes. From
this tax and the swarm of officers who assess
under it the country ought to be and must be
delivered, or else the places that know most of
us here now will know us no more forever.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. God speed the dayl
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We may
agree to the proposition that only compar-
atively a few rich men pay this income tax,
yet if they pay the tax, they take care to get
it out of the poor men—out of the labor of the
country. All exactions come back to the labor
at last.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has said that this income tax bears
only on a few men. This is too narrow a view
of the matter. Why, sir, a few men, only some
three hundred thousand in all, owned all the
slaves in the South, and yet in order to defend
that institution they brought the whole eight
million people to the bloody issue of war and
rebellion. So here, while there are only, say,
two hundred and seventy-five thousand, more
or less, who pay any income tax, and who,
though few, yet are of the most wealthy and
influential class. Yet, sir, there are a million
and more of people who have to make returns,
who perhaps injure their consciences by saying
that they have no income to be taxed, and with
whom the tax is more unpopular and obnoxious
than even to those who pay. We must remem-
ber that those who are thus vexed with the tax,
are the strength of the property, influence, and
capital of the country, and as such will control
the legislation of the country.
I do not by any means by this repeal of the
income tax propose to relieve the capital of
the country of the burdens which it should
properly bear of the taxes. I propose that for
the §30,000,000 that we have collected under
an income tax we should give the people in-
stead thereof a like taxation on the invested
capital of the country, with freedom from
inquisition and freedom from tax-gatherers. I
have accordingly put before the House, and
hoped that I should have the time to elucidate
it, a proposition which would place an equal
tax oil invested capital, where it would justly
be placed, so that all invested capital, as a
source of income, shall pay taxes, and that the
tax shall not be levied on earnings as a source
of income. I trust thatsooner or later we may
give effect to that idea. I hope that in the
first place we shall strike out this provision
and all existing provisions in regard- to an
income tax, and that we shall then put a tax
on invested capital of five per cent., to be col-
lected by the collector from the.man who pays
the interest, who has no motive to defraud the
Government, because he may withhold it from
the creditors. This is exactly the English sys-
tem, under which the mau paying the interest
on the mortgage or the bond always pays the
tax, and has it allowed him by his creditors ; so
that there is no temptation to cheat the Gov-
ernment. If the tax is thus imposed and col-
lected we may abolish the whole crowd of
assessors after the 1st of January next, when
the whole of the present system may be wound
up, and we will thus at once relieve the people
from the inquisition and burdens of the tax
and the sight of the assessor, who is regarded
as an annoyance and a plague, like the plagues
of Egypt, visiting every house.
These, Mr. Speaker, are in a word the views
on which I shall vote to strike out everything
in regard to income tax, and on which at the
same time, when we come to section forty-
four, which provides for taxing invested cap-
ital, I shall ask the House to go with me in
placing on such invested capital, however it
may be invested, a fair income tax, to be col-
lected without assessors or inquisition, be-
lieving that we shall thereby restore some
820,000,000 of the $30,000,000 we take off by
abolishing the existing income tax, besides the
present great expenses of collection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Keu.ey] will withdraw his amend-
ment I will renew it.
The SPEAKER. Any amendment germane
to the pending sections opens the whole sub-
ject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer that we
should be making some progress in perfecting
these sections. 1 hope the gentleman from New
York will make some motion of his own. I
do not want the general amendment to be con-
stantly made and withdrawn so that the whole
work will have to be gone over again. Let us
make some progress.
Mr. COX. I speak in the interest of pro-
gress anyhow.
Mr. KELLEY. Idonotwithdrawtheamend-
ment. I will stand by it.
Mr. COX. And 1 will stand with you. I
move to amend by striking out the words
"five per cent.," and inserting "three per
cent." I am in favor of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to strike out all this
matter about the income tax. I have already
expressed my views on that subject. I know
that there are gentlemen on this side of the
House who are opposed to the views which
many Democrats from the eastern part of the
country have expressed.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that it is for the in-
terest of this people to have a tax raised ; that
is, fairly levied and collected—that is, col-
lected in a way to secure the interests of the
revenue, and at the same time not so collected
as to make the whole tax, tariff, and customs
system utterly odious to the people of this
country. This system of heavy taxation is
comparatively a new thing in this country. I
believe that we ought not to raise more than
$250,000,000 per annum in this country to pay
the interest on the public debt, the sinking
fund, and the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. I think $'250,000,000 in all is enough
to pay to carry on this Government. I know
very well that gentlemen on the other side of
the House claim that we ought to raise some
$350,000,000. And how do they propose to
raise that amount? To raise it by internal and
external taxes. We are told by gentlemen on
the other side that the tariff is dead for this
session, and they do not propose to reduce the
tariff; and gentlemen on the other side, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
and others, sustain every motion to strike down
direct internal revenue taxes, because thereby
they can keep up this infernal tariff system;
that is all there is in his reasoning on this sub-
ject. The more they strike down internal rev-
enue taxes the more they can keep up the tariff
system in this country; everybody understands
that; it was tested on the question of tea, cof-
fee, and sugar in this House in February last.
I propose that no money shall be taken from
the people except on principles of frugality in
expenditures. I would raise only $250,000,000
by taxation fortlie expenditures of the Govern-
ment and for the public debt, and for a sinking
fund of $25,000,000 ; and I would collect no
more than that sum from the people. All over
that sum that has heretofore been collected
should remain in the pockets of the people.
They are more honest than Congress, more
honest than the Treasury; and they will pro-
vide all that may be necessary to keep up this
Government hereafter. _
I insist, therefore, that the resolution which
I introduced into the House, House resolution
No. 297, should be considered by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means as a fair way of keep-
ir o- up the credit of the Government aud pro-
viding for all necessary expenditures. I oppose
all sorts of systems ot ts-xfttion th&t go DGyouu
