3996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
$250,000,000 annually. Everything outside of
that is intended for jobs and for cheatery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to present to the
House three reasons why the income tax ought
not to be renewed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I objcct. There ought
to be some opportunity of replying to some of
these speeches, I presume. We have had two
speeches in favor of the same amendment, and
now another amendment has been offered and
a speech made in favor of it, and the gentle-
man proposes to follow that with another
speech on the same side.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am opposing this amendment
because I favor striking out the whole section.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I raise the question
of order that the gentleman must oppose the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I will oppose the amend-
ment, because my colleague [Mr. Cox] pro-
poses to amend what I wish to strike out
entirely.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that a great many gentlemen desire to give
their views upon this section, and that prob-
ably the easiest way is to let gentlemen speak
oil the amendments offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. My objection is that all
the speeches are on one side.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope all the votes will
be on one side. too.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, the income tax
ought not to be continued in any form. First,
it was a war tax imposed for the purposes of
the war, and borne by a patriotic people as
one of the necessities of the war. It cannot be
continued without a breach of good faith by a
repudiation of the solemn pledge of Congress.
When this tax was demanded by the impe-
rious exigencies of the war, Congress in im-
posing it gave a solemn pledge to the country
that it should not be continued or renewed.
The language of the act is;
"Tho taxes on ineoraos herein imposed shall bo
ievieil" * 4 "until and including
the year 1870, and no longer."
The people have borne the tax with patience,
relying upon the plighted faith of Congress.
They had a just right to rely upon it; and it,
cannot bo withdrawn without repudiation and
bad faith. It is in vain to say that the words
"no longer" were not inserted with express
intent to carry a promise to the tax-payers.
They were unnecessary for any other purpose.
They could have had no other object. They
have never been understood in any other sense.
If they had been omitted, the people would
have had a right to expect a termination of the
tax in 1870, but the insertion of tho words "no
longer" became an assurance in the most sol-
emn form (hat their expectation should not be
defeated. This view stands not only upon
reason, but upon high authority. The phrase
was borrowed from the English act increasing
the income or property tax, as it is there called,
in 1806. That act declared that the tax should
continue " until the Gth day of April next after
the definitive signature of a treaty of peace, and
no longer."'
In 1816, the first year of peace, the ministry
attempted to continue this tax in a modified
form. The effort was met by Mr. Ponsonby,
Sir. Baring, Mr. Brougham, and others, by argu-
wients, the weight and tone of which should
commend them to our chancellor of the ex-
chequer. It was argued that the faith of Par-
liament stood pledged to the country against
thecontinuance of the tax in any form, however
modified; that it was pledged'to its removal
and not to its continuance; and it was insisted,
(I quote the language of Mr. Alison)—
"That a renewal of the tax. even at tho reduced
rate for a single year, is a direct breach ot the public
faith with the nation, which little deserved after
tho patience with which the tax was borne during tho
years wncn it was really unavoidable."
I adopt this argument and affirm the sound-
ness of its views both as a question of public
and of private morality; and I com mend to the
consideration of the able chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the debate in the
English Parliament as found at length in Han-
sard, and as condensed by Mr. Alison in his
History of Europe, volume one, second series,
pages 29, 30, et seq.
The ministry and its friends undertook in
vain to break the force of this argument. They
strove to parry while they did not deny its weight
or truth. They contended that by some sub-
sequent action the tax was mortgaged to the
public creditors, and that its non-continuance
would force the Government into the market
as a borrower, and thus increase the public
debt. They were defeated. The entire aboli-
tion of the tax was carried by a majority of
thirty-seven, in a vote of four hundred and
thirty-uine; "and never," says the historian,
" since the battle of Waterloo had such general
joy been felt throughout the nation as was on
this occasion." The tax was never imposed
again in England till the Afghanistan and
Chinese wars required it in 1812, a period of
twenty-six years.
This conduct of the British Parliament is both
an authority and in example—an authority
for the sense in which an honorable legisla-
ture hold the words of a statute pledging good
faith to the public; an example of the virtue
and valuftof integrity and fair dealing between
a Government and its people.
Neither of the arguments urged by the min-
istry of England is open to the friends of the
present bill. Our income tax was never mort-
gaged in any sense by any action of Congress,
but has always carried on its face the plain and
unmistakable pledge that it shall terminate in
1870. To keep that pledge will not force the
country to borrow money nor to increase the
public debt. Our Treasury is full and overflow-
mg. It. is swollen with the malaria of stagnant
gold. We have not, therefore, the poor pleas so
vainly urged by a British ministry in excuse
for Punic faith. Is Congress less capable of
keeping its plighted faith than the Parliament
of England ? Is repudiation more honorable
in us than in them? Are our citizens who
have borne this tax with uncomplaining patri-
otism for eight years not entitled to the same
measure of justice which Parliament accorded
to English subjects?
Be the incoine tax ever so desirable, I be-
lieve that it cannot be renewed without a stain
upon the honor of Congress. ■ This Adminis-
tration came into power upon a platform of
non-repudiation, which has received the plaud-
its of honest men throughout the world. It is
my conviction that its success depends largely
on its adherence to that platform. Hitherto it
has maintained a lofty and untarnished honor;
but when Congress shall fail to keep faith in
its own household what hope can it hold out
to strangers ? It is neither wise nor statesman-
like for Congress to subject itself to the accu-
sation of repudiating its promises; nor is it
wisdom or good sense to put the Administra-
tion or members of this House in a position
where they must explain to the country the
charge of bad faith. In politics the necessity
for explanation or apology is always danger-
ous ; but it is tenfold so when explanation be-
comes a necessary vindication of our personal
and party honesty.
If this were the only reason for not renewing
the income tax it ought, in my judgment, to
be sufficient. But there are other reasons
equally cogent, which I beg leave now to press
upon the attention of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Cox, to reduce the rate of the tax upon
incomes from five to three per cent.
Upon adivision, there were—ayes72,noes74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT and Mr. BURR called for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. A desire has been ex-
pressed t,o the Ciiair by several members that
the votes on the test questions involved in this
subject shall be postponed until the debate has
further progressed.
Mr. SCHENCK. The discussion so far has
all been on one side.
The SPEAKER. An arrangement of this
kind must have some system about it. The
Chair would suggest this: that gentlemen may
be allowed to olwr amendments to any section
relating to the income tax, pending the gen-
eral discussion upon the subject, and that tho
discussion shall continue until closed by order
of the House. The amendments to be then
voted upon in their order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will that include the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] upon which the House has just
divided?
The SPEAKER. It will, if the arrangement
proposed should be consented to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to know when
the debate is to be closed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question, nor can he see how it would
affect the proposed arrangement.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object.
No objection being made, the arrangement
proposed was agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to amend tho first
part of section thirty-seven, so that it will read
as follows :
And be it further enacted, That military or naval
pensions allowed to any person under the laws of the
United States, and the sum of $2,500 ot the gams,
profits, and income of any person, shall be exempt
from said income tax, in the manner hereinaiter
provided.
Mr. BURR. I would suggest to my col-
league [Mr. Hawley] that he should move the
same amendment in the next clause of the
same section.
Mr. HAWLEY. I will modify my motion
so as to include any portion referring to the
amount to be exempted from this income tax,
and to make it §2,500 instead of $1,500.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the entire
repeal of the income tax. I believe there is
no other tax levied in this country which is so
proper and just as is this tax, levied upon a
proper basis and applied upon a proper prin-
ciple. I believe the tax should be so levied
that it will fall upon the wealthy of the coun-
try, and not upon the poorer classes. As the
law now stands I am sure all will admit it works
very unjustly and very unfairly. The taxes
levied in this country ought to be paid in pro-
portion to the wealth and the ability of the per-
sons paying tho tax. Under the existing law
only $1,000 in amount is exempt from this
income tax. Now, no man in this country
can properly support a family and educate his
children upon $1,000 a year and live as most
of the people of this country should be enabled
to live. Allthatgreatbodyof men in this coun-
try who are dependent upon a salary for their
own support and the support of their families
and the education of their children will find
the sum of $1,000 totally inadequate for that
purpose. In my opinion, all those persons
whose salaries or incomes are $2,-509 and less
ought to be exempt entirely from the operation
of this income tax. And those persons who
receive salaries, or have incomes derived from
any source, exceeding $2,500 should be taxed
only upon tho excess over that amount.
I am also opposed to fixing the rate of tax at
three percent, instead of five percent., because
any person having a salary, or an income fioin
any source, of $2,500 or over, can afford to pay
a tax of five per cent. But if the exemption
shall be fixed at the sum [ propose all the poor
men of the country will escape the tax, and it
will fell only upon the moneyed men, the capi-
talists : and upon them k ought legitimately and
justly to fill. We are now receiving from this
source 53-3,000,000 of revenue. We certainly
cannot afford to wipe out that much of the in-
come of the Government and raise the amount
