150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
Ho. of Beps.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Logan.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
but to take from them their brevet uniform,
leaving them with the actual uniform of their
position in service. We say to those officers,
your regiment looks better when each officer
has on the uniform of the rank he actually
holds. Your children and grandchildren can
look at your brevet commissions, but do not
put on your brevet uniforms, so that the world
will not think that in this country our Army is
entirely composed of generals.
The next proposition of this bill is that, noth-
ing in this act shall be construed so as to pre-
vent the assignment to duly as additional lieu-
tenants of the graduates of the Military Acad-
emy. That is right and proper, as heretofore
they have been assigned by brevet rank. That
rank being abolished, it gives them actual rank.
The next is in reference to officers of the Army
holding civil offices. We provide thai it shall
not be lawful for any officer of the Army of the
United States to hold any civil office, whether
by election or appointment; and any officer
accepting or exercising the functions of a eivii
officer shall at oncc cease to bo an officer of
the Army, and his commission shall be thereby
vacated. We think if a man has a commission
in the Army that should be sufficient for him,
and he should not hold two offices at the same
lime, the one a civil and the oilier a military
office, when bad conduct in one will notvacatc
both.
Let me illustrate. Suppose a colonel of the
Army to-day is appointed by the President
to some civil office; he accepts the olfice, and
while serving in ithedocssomeactwhichleads
the, President to turn him out and put in some
one else, lie then falls buck oil his rank as
colonel in the Army; he cannot he court-mar-
tialed for what he lias done, for lie did it as a civil
officer and not as a mililaiy officer, and there-
fore is not responsible as a military officer for
what he did. i will refer to a ease in point,
The officer lo whom 1 shall refer has always
boon very friendly to me, and very kind to me,
and I do not charge him with doing anything
wrong; but his case will illustrate my position.
Last summer the President of the United
Slates appointed a colonel in the regular Army
lo the position of Assistant Treasurer of the
United States in the city of New York. The
gold panic came on, and the President dis-
missed this colonclfrom the position to which 1
have referred, ami appointed some one else to
the place; but he i.-s still a colonel of the Army,
and you have not heard of his being court-
martialed for anything ho did as Assistant
Treasurer. Now, sir. that which justifies the
dismissal of a civil officer should justify the
dismissal of a military one.
Hence, I say that the two offices arc incom-
patible with the good of the country and should
not exist. If a man is a military mail, and his
conduct, i.i such that he wuuld lie chargeable
before a court-martial, then hold him to the
strict.regulations ofthcArmy. Hence the pro-
priety ot' providing that if a military officer
chooses to accept a civil office he shall thereby
vacate his military position. During Mr. .1 olin-
son's administration we had the office of Sec-
iclary of War, a civil position, with a salary
ot b'H,000 a year, tilled by a military officer, a
major general of the Army. 1 presume of
course that he drew the pay of only one office ;
but when that Administration expired he went
back to his position in the Army.
If we allow civft offices to be filled in this
way by officers of the Army we may have every
bureau here filled by some officer of the Army.
We may have a military man acting,for instance,
us Third Auditor. In this connection I must
mention one lact. When a military officer is
detailed lo a position in the civil service if the
pay of the civil office is greater than the Army
pay he draws the pay of the civil office ; but if
• he Army position affords the greater pay, then
he draws the Army pay. The Committee on
Military Affairs propose — and we trust the
Congress of the United States will agree with
us—that this shall no longer be done; that the
detailing of military officers to fill civil posi-
tions will not soon, by precedent, establish
the rule that all Army officers may be de-
tailed to fill civil positions when a civil offi-
cer could not be detailed to fill a military posi-
tion ; hence the military will grow to be para-
mount to the civil, instead of the civil being
paramount to the military.
With reference to the next proposition con-
tained in the bill some members of the House-
will probably disagree with the committee.
The scction to which I refer provides—
That scction sccond of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of tho Army
for the year ondinft June 30, 1868. and for other pur-
poses," approved March 2,1867, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
I want to call the attention of the House
particularly to the provision to which this sec-
tion refers. 1 assert it as a fact that by the
act of Congress tho General of the Army is
to-day higher in command than the President
of the United States. The Constitution of the
United States provides that the President shall
be Commander-in-Chief of the ArmyandNavy
of the United Stales; but by the law the Pres-
ident. to-day is not Commander-in-Chief, but.
the General of the Army is. 1 believe that the
law is unconstitutional; but, whether uncon-
stitutional or not, 1 think it is wrong. Un-
questionably, good men voted for it, thinking
it was right at the time, because they believed
the Government was in danger; and in that
view they were justified; but we are not justi-
fied in keeping this law upon the statute-book
when there is no danger, and when a calm
examination must show t.lie enactment to be,
as I think, in t he very teeth of the Constitution.
If President Grant is Commander-in-Chief
of the Army of tho United States, what does
that mean? It means that his orders shall be
received by the whole Army of the United
States ; that they shall be obeyed by all the
officers of tho Army as the paramount law.
He may assign an officer here to do certain
duty and another officer there to do certain
other duly. Now, lot us see how this conflicts
with tho provision of tho statute. 1 will read
il; for it is very peculiarly worded, and many
members may not have read it very lately:
" Thnltho headquarters of the General of tho Army
of Iho llnitoct States slia.il bo at tho city of Washing-
ton. and allordors and instructions relating to mili-
tary operations issued by tho President or Secretary
of War shall bo issued though the Goneral of tho
Army, and in caso of his inability, through the next
la lank."
What else ?
"Tho General of the Army shall not be removed,
suspended, or relieved from command, orarsigncd to
duty elsewhere than at said headquarters, except at
his own request, without tho previous approval of tho
benato, and any orders or instruetionsrelating to mili-
tary operations issuod contrary to tho requirements
of this section shall be null and void; and any officer
who shall issue orders or instructions contrary to tho
provisions of this section shall bo deemed Kuilly of a
misdemeanor in otfiec; and any officer of tho Army
who shall transmit, convoy, or oboy any orders or
instructions so issuod contrary lo tho provisions of
this scction, knowing that such orders wcreso issued,
shall be liablo to imprisonment for not less than two
nor more than twenty years, upon conviction thereof
in any court of competent jurisdiction."
Now, sir, the Constitution makes the Pres-
ident Commander-in-Chief of tho Army. It
makes every man amenable to tho laws for
his conduct; yet if General Sherman were to
perpetrate the highest crime known to the
laws—which God knows he will not do—Gen-
eral Grant as President could not relieve him
from the command of the Army, could not
arrest him, could not court-martial him.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. When was that
law passed ?
Mr. LOGAN. March 2, 1867.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. That was dur-
ing Mr. Johnson's administration,
Mr. LOGAN. I know the circumstances
under which the law was passed, and I have
nothing to say about that subject. I am talk-
ing about the law as it exists.
Let us go further. Suppose the General of
Army—I know this will never occur—should
enter into a conspiracy against the Govern-
ment ; I should like to know what authority
under this law the President has to relieve him
from his command? He has none. This law
make the General and the Senate Commander-
in-Chief, instead of the President of the United
States. If the General of the Army should
enter into a conspiracy, and a majority of the
Senate should be illy disposed towards the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the President
should relieve him from commandandtheSen-
ale should refuse to concur, what then? The
President, by relieving the General without the
concurrence of the Senate, could be impeached
for a violation of the law. Let mo put another
case. Suppose Congress should adjourn to-
day, and the General of the Army should enter
into a conspiracy while Congress was not in
session, and should command every one of the
Army under him to take up arms against tho
Government, what then could the President
do? Could the President relievo the General
of the Army from his command? Certainly
not.. He could do nothing until he convened
tho Senate, and the Senate concurred with the
President in relieving tho General from his
command.
By the existing law you pat the Government
in jeopardy. I know that General Sherman
thinks of no such thing. My remarks have no
allusion to any living man ; but from what i
have said the House may easily see what could
be done by a bad mau who held the position
of the General of the Army. We propose to
repeal that law and to let the President of the
United States hereafter be, as the Constitution
intended he should be, the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States.
What nest? I will not read the section ; but
itprovidesfor the transfer of the Indian Bureau
from the Interior to the War Department. I
do not propose to argue that matter at all. We
have considered the subject since the bill was
reported, and the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have instructed me to move to strike that,
section out of the bill. It was put into the bill
on my suggestion, but T am now willing to have
it strickcn out, and I will give my reasons for
doing so. I have always believed the AVar De-
partment to bo tho proper place for the Indian
Bureau ; but I went the other day and heard
the history of the Piegan massacre, as reported
by an Army officer, and I say now to yon, Mr.
Speaker, and to the country, that it made my
blood run cold in my veins. It satisfied mo;
and I shall therefore movo to strike oat this
section at the proper time and let the Indian
Bureau remain where it is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust the gen-
tleman will be permitted to finish his spcecb.
Several Members. By all means. It is most
instructive.
There was no objection, and Mr. Logak's
time was extended indefinitely. He thanked
the House for so doing.
Mr. LOGAN. As wo propose to strike out
the section for the transfer of the Indian Bureau,
I will not further discuss that subject. Tho
next proposition of the Committee on Military
Affairs is in reference to the pay of the Army.
Now, sir, on examining the pay of the Army
it requires us to go back a long time in order
to ascertain tho exact mode by which officers
of the Army to-day receive their pay. I ven-
ture the assertion that there is not a man who
can take up the Army Register and figure up
the pay of any officer borne upon the rolls,
