1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
now—is accompanying the remains of a de-
ceased member to his home. They have, I
believe, generally discharged duties ot that
kind.
Mr. DAWES. I never heard of that before.
Mr. SCOFIELD and others. That is true.
Mr. CAKE. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts f Mr. Dawes] know that among
the varied duties of this police force that of
accompanying to their late homes the remains
of members ot Congress who have died at their
posts is one?
Mr. DAWES. That belongs to the duties
of the Sergeant-at-Arms; the police force of
this Capitol have nothing to do with it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That police force is
under the control of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. CAKE. There is at this very moment
a detail from this police force accompanying
to his late residence the remains of the de-
ceased member from Ohio, (Mr. Hoag.)
Mr. DAWES. That duty pertains to the
Sergeant-at-Arms and his assistauts, and he
has as much right to take a detail for the pur-
pose from the Metropolitan police of this Dis-
trict as from the police force of this Capitol.
Mr. AXTELL. I want to know why it is
that members of this police force have gone
to Ohio without any authority to do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should be very sorry
to have it understood by the officials about this
Capitol that the duty of taking care of the pub-
lic property in this building devolves upon this
small police force. I understand that the men
charged with that duty are the clerks of the
two Houses, the doorkeepers, the clerks of
committees, the messengers, &c., who are in
the employ of the Senate and the House; that
they are primarily and principally charged
with looking after and caring for the public
property in this building. Now, I should be
very sorry indeed that they should understand
from any remarks which may be made here
that they are relieved from that responsibility.
I understand that the police force here is for
the purpose of preserving order in this build-
ing, keeping the peace, preventing improper
persons from coming into the building, pre-
venting improper conduct on the part of those
who come in this Capitol; in short, that they
are the guardians of the peace, rather than
mere guardians of the public property here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying that
I am in favor of the proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] to re-
tain this police force. I rise now merely to give
a reason why the appropriation for this pur-
pose should be increased from what it was in
1867, the amount for thatyear being the amount
which the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations now asks us to appropriate. It
is since the year 1867 that the Speaker of this
House announced in public session that the
bronze doors of this Capitol had been injured
by persons who came in this building and de-
spoiled them of some of the figures upon them.
Mr. WELKER. How many men are neces-
sary to take care of the bronze doors of this
Capitol ? Did the gentleman ever see a police-
man guarding those doors?
Mr. BANKS. I have another reason for
favoring this proposition. The committee-
rooms oftentimes, if not at all times, contain
valuable property and papers of great import-
ance, and they are more or less exposed. For
a large part of the time, day and night, there
is no guard over those rooms except the police
force of this Capitol, and I think if any expend-
iture about this building is required this
certainly is.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] how many thousand dollars a
year he would think it wise to pay for taking
care of those bronze doors.
Mr. BANKS. I can answer that question.
Any amount of money that is necessary,
whether it be ten, twenty, or fifty thousand dol-
lars to protect the Capitol would be properly
expended for that purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the protection
of the bronze doors ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir; for the protection
of any part of the Capitol. If the works of
art cannot be protected, what will be phs-
tected?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
. it would be better to take down the bronze
| doors and put them away somewhere where
i they can be taken care of at somewhat less
! expense.
i Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move that the
| committee do now rise.
| The motion was agreed to.
! The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 974, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Satur-
day next, and that the session of Saturday be
for debate only, as in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The latter part of the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham,] requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. I object to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I modify my motion, and
move that when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. The condition of the public busi-
ness demands that we should remain in session.
On a division there were—ayes 43, noes 55.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. We may as well have the
yeas and nays. I call for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 90, not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Beck, Benjamin, Ben-
ton. Biggs, Bingham, Booker, Bowen, Burr, Cake,
Calkin, Crebs, Deweese, Dockery, Duval, Dyer,
Farnsworth, Pitch, Getz, Golladay, Haldeman,
Hamilton, Hoge, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Negley, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Roots, Slocum, John A. Smith-Joseph
S. Smith,Stiles, Stone, Trimble, Van Auken, Welker,
Whittemore, J ohn T.Wilson, and Wood—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Axtell, Banks, Bird, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Bufflnton, Burchard, Roderick R.
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Co-
burn, Conger, Covode.Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Dickey, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Gilfillan, Hale, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Heflin, Hoar, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kelsey, Keteham, Knapp, Laflin, Logan,
Mayham, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, O'Neill, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pome-
roy, Porter, Prosser, Rogers, Sanford, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Taffe, Tanner, Townsend, Tyner, Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
and Eugene M. Wilson—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Archer,
Ayer, Bailey, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett,
James Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Cox, Dick-
inson, Dixon, Donley, Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Garfield,
Gibson, Greene, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton,
Hays, Heaton, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kelley, Kellogg, Lash, Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H.Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Orth. Paine, Peters,
Ridgway, Schenck, Schumaker, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Stra-
der, Sweeney, Tillman, Twichell,Upson, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells,Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,Wil-
liams, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—78.
So the motion of Mr. Bingham was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Dawes, that the House adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw that motion at
the request of my colleague, [Mr. Banks,] who
desires to submit a resolution.
murder 01' americans in havana.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the Secretary
of State has sent to Havana for information
regarding the recent murder of American citi-
zens there. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution, calling for any such
information which may have been received:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, to transmit to
the House any information which may have been
received by the Government in relation to the recent
assault upon and reported murder of one or more
American citizens in Cuba.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and adopted.
leave of absence.
Mr. MILNES asked and obtained leave of
absence for four days.
Mr. WINANS and Mr. HAMILTON asked
and obtained leave of absence for one week.
election contest wallace vs. simpson.
Mr. STEVENSON reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That in the case of A. S. Wallace vs. W.
D. Simpson, the time for taking testimony be ex-
tended for forty days from and after the passage of
this resolution. Notice shall be given by either party
wishing to take testimony to the opposite party,
according to law, ten days before commencing the
same. Either party may examine witnesses before
any judge, notary public, or other officer authorized
to take depositions under the laws of the United
States, or of the State of South Carolina, at the city of
Columbia. Testimony taken by said Wallace shall
be confined to evidence tending to establish his claim
to the seat; and testimony taken by said Simpson
shall be confined to evidence rebutting said claim
of said Wallace.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, the
House (at five o' clock and ten minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: Petitions of Samuel King-
man and 174 others, citizens of Wakefield,
Massachusetts; of George W. Robinson and
106 others, citizens of Lexington, Massachu-
setts ; of J. B. Cilley and 36 others, citizens
of Manchester, New Hampshire; of Charles
H. Parker and 45 others, citizens of Billerica,
Massachusetts; of Leonard Huntwell and 38
others, citizens of Tewksbury, Massachusetts ;
and of George L. Abbott and 110 others, citi-
zens of Andover, Massachusetts, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of George B.
Crittenden, of Frankfort, Kentucky, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. BOLES: The petition of Edward
J. Brooks, mayor of Fort Smith, Arkansas,
asking that no extension of time for the build-
ing of the Van Buren branch of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad be given by Congress.
By Mr. BRADFORD: A petition of 50 cit-
izens of Old City, Colorado, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 52 citizens of Bold Mount-
ain, Colorado, in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 24 citizens of Centreville,
Colorado, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of E.
G. Babcock and 35 others, citizens of West-
port Point, Massachusetts, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURCHARD: Petitions of citizens
of Albany, Foreston, Hanover, Prophetstown,
