1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
sume to a much greater extent, so that they will
be materially injured by theresult. Itis mockery
to say that you protect the laborer when you add
$10 per month to his wages and $10, §15 or
per month to the cost of supporting himself and
his family. You would protect him much more
effectively and satisfactorily if you would leave
his wagesas they are, or even reduce them, and
yet increase their purchasing power by reducing
the prices of what he consumes. This is what
a justly arranged tariff for revenue alone would
accomplish.
WILL BEVENl'E TARIFF BE INJURIOUS TO DOMESTIC
INDUSTRY V
One of the most persistent and baseless as-
sumptions of the protectionists is, that if the
tariff is reduced and the people are not com-
pelled to pay them enormous tribute, the indus-
tries in which they are engaged will be ruined,
their invested capital lost, and their employes
deprived of business and support. The expe-
rience of Great Britain in its transition from
high protective tariffs to comparative free trade
fails to verify any of these fears. The same is
true of the experience of the German, Confed-
eration under the Zollverein. The truth is
that a greatly reduced tariff", adjusted for rev-
enue alone, would revitalize and reinvigorate
many of the most important industries of the
country which are now depressed and made
uuprosperous, if not unprofitable, by protec-
tion such as the boot and shoe business, the
manufacture ot cutlery, tho construction of
steamboats and ships, tho building of rail-
roads, the making of edge tools, and many
other pursuits. H is a universal law that as
you cheapen production and prices you increase
consumption and bring enlarged comfort and
happiness to millions, and the greater consump-
tion gives ample profits to capital.
Supply to American industry, skill, and in-
vention, cheap raw materials, and then lettheiu
alone, and their prosperity will be assured, and
their success will speedily become complete
and signal. An interesting confirmation of this
truth is furnished by the Chamber of Commerce
of Birmingham, England, in a report on the
causes of the depression in the metal trades,
of which that city is the center. This report
acknowledges that the manufacture of edged
tools for tho American market lias almost en-
tirely ceased, and clearly proves that this ces-
sation is in nowise, its the protectionists will
no doubt bo ready to proclaim, due to the
American protective tariff.
"On tlio contrary," Buys tho report, "it ir> found
that tlio manufacturers of America aotuully auiicr-
sodo us, not only in tlioir own, but in foreign mm kota
and tn tniroan colonies, and Hint this is owitiff to tin)
(mpononty of American Rood*. This is oioar, that
tho price of.labor is not tiio nifins element of tho
question. ]'or,lusih as aro tho w.i/;cs ot an JOu-IWi
artisan, tuOBo ot :ih Amorn'Un art 1 sail arc lii^luT still
and yet tho manutael urors of tins United Suites c,tn
import iron and Meet Jrmn thixcauntryala heavvduty,
work tip the metal In, hii/hly-ijitid labor, and 6Ui( ut uut
"J IJifmnrhct after nil with the t.mnu/iii-f.irnt iutu-lr.
' £he Americans succeed in supplnntma «  by nop-
al!/of cok'itructiun and r.reellaicu of make. They do
not attempt to undersoil in thu more mattoV of
Since. Our Koodsmay btill be thoehoaprst; butllioy
are no longer tho best, and in countries whore an ax,
lor instance, la nn indispensable implement, the best
iirtielo us tho cheapest, whatever it may cost. Ket-
tlcra and emigrants soon find this out, and they have
Wl,f 1!,,'IU.L0 J'10 Prejudice of Birmingham trade.
I* the jjii'mmghnm manufacturers desuo to reRaiu
their trade they must improve tho qualitv of their
ijoods. J lie question is not essontially or principally
a question ot wages. It is not tho piico of labor
which is operating: to our disadvantage. Tho truo
eanso of our defeat must bo attributed to the yrcutcr
aptitude ot the American workmen, and their intelli-
gence, which induces them to seize every opportunity of
imprvvino their manufaeturcv,"
Then give to our matchless and unconquer-
able producing classes cheap coal, iron, and
steel; cheap lumber, timber, and stone; cheap
raw materials generally, and they will speedily
outstrip the most, skillful and prosperous nations
in the success and prosperity of their mechan-
ical and manufacturing industries, and will
soon be able to defy competition in our own
markets and to wage successful competition in
the markets of the world. Reduce the tariff
to a small number of articles, to a rational and
honest revenue standard; and then with a res-
toration of a better currency by which to meas-
ure values there will come a great decrease in
the cost of production, in the prices of all
commodities, in the cost of living, in the pur-
chasing power of wages, and the poor will
grow richer and happier, the people will erect
cheaper and better houses, build cheaper rail-
roads, boats, ships, and highways, make cheaper
implements, machinery, and agencies to facili-
tate labor and production, and speedily rees-
tablish our prostrate and ruined commerce
and tonnage, restore our equality if not su-
premacy on tho ocean, and make the nations
of the world contribute to our development
and wealth. But continue the present system
and you will build up an aristocracy of class,
of wealth and monopoly, and of favored in-
terests, and you will cripple general industry
and production, burden and impoverish labor,
encourage reckless and extravagant expendi-
tures by the rich, prevent the restoration of
our commercial prosperity and power, and pro-
mote general demoralization, idleness, and
profligacy among the few beneficiaries of pro-
tection, instead of thrift, economy, and virtue.
SYM1MTIIY FOR I.AH0R.
Mr. Chairman, it is the constant pretense
of tho protectionists that they are moved to
demand such unparalleled duties by their gen-
erous solicitude for the welfare of labor; not
only mechanical but agricultural labor. "Pro-
tection " is huge in its per cents., ad valorem,
specifies, and bounties under existing laws.
Why aye not the rates of wages correspond-
ingly high i" Since October, 18u9, returns have
been received by tho Government from the
assessors of internal revenue for every district
in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Mis-
souri, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, giving the
rates of wagcs._ Those returns,when analyzed,
give the following results :
a „ -I'd' month. Per vtur.
Avoraffo wagosof common labor.
other than I'ann labor  $;?>
Avoiuko w.itft", <>i' oxporioucea
lurm luboroiN in summer, 4
.months  MM
And m lTMiunnii? 8 months  U'.) ft!)
Ordinary Una luiml*  
In my judgment these rates are reported
higher than they aro in fact; in the South the
wages of most kinds of labor arc still lower -
in the East somewhat higher. It will be ad-
mitted that these wages are not very munificent,
lot the ''American labor" that receives these
wages enjoys as tho special reward of protection
(lie luxury of paying vastly higher prices for
ail it consumes than any "pauper labor of
nurope" is required to pay. Besides, on all
they purchase those laborers must, pay the same
rate of tariff taxes that is paid by the rich.
1 heir shoes, hats, clothing, implements, tools,
necessaries of life, are all enormously taxed to
support protection—that is. to protect the few
in special and exclusive privileges, in high pro-
fits and affluence, in exemption from just com-
petition.
MVEBSITY OF A1IESID.V r.VDUSTGV.
Protectionists say '• we must diversify Amer-
ican industry and productions," and that noth-
ing can accomplish this but protection. Such
diversity is desirable when it is the natural
outgrowth of the free and voluntary action of
intelligent producers: and then itwiil be endur-
ing, because it will have always a wise relation
to tho real capacities of the producers and to
their circumstances, with reference to time
place, climate, soil, natural productions, the
social and material progress of society, and
general civilization of the a^e In the wise
economy of the Creator individuals and na-
tions differ most widely in their capacities, and
diuetent sections of the same country, and the
various countriesot the earth are supplied with
different productions, resources, and materials
for commerce. Thus, diversity in powers and
productions among persons and communities
btates and counties is the arrangement of God'
Buperiorto the wisdom of man, and invites man
«S 40
3S2 40
3111 00
to cultivate commerce and universal brother-
hood, and thereby secure in the best and cheap-
est manner for individual use the diverse pro-
ductions of the whole earth. But diversity
which cornea as the result of legislation gen-
erally comes too soon, at too great cost to the
people, needs constant nursing, subsidies, and
bounties to maintain it or satisfy it. It com-
pels the people to pay twice as much for the
diversity as its products could be bought for
elsewhere. Then it never grows strong or self-
supporting. Whenever the tribute is withdrawn
it sounds the alarm and threatens to die. This
sort of diversity is a very selfish and voracious
thing. It is also cunning and deceitful; it is a
quack and demagogue, seeking unduly to mag-
nify its own importance. In truth it is merely
a device to mislead the people into paying very
high prices to secure an unreal advantage.
Take off the cruel nightmare of high tariffs
from the productive energies of our people
and the diversity of our industries and products
will steadily and securely increase ; the com-
mon sense of the people will direct their powers
into wiser, more beneficial, and legitimate
production; their competitive ability will in-
crease daily, and their range of markets will
embrace the world ; they will do whatever can
be most advantageously done in our country ;
our agriculture will feed itself and all other
domestic producers, and much of it will find
profitable markets abroad. If one or two or
half a dozen pursuits are depressed, or even
broken up, the improved general condition, re-
duced cost of production, immensely increased
consumption of other commodities will give
increased employment and better rewards to
labor and capital, and in every way promote
the general welfare and happiness of the peo-
ple. The vast extent of our country and of
its raw materials, and the natural protection
afforded by its extent and geographical rela-
tions to other nations will alwavs give us more
diversified industries and productions than
other nations enjoy, and that without the aid
of any tarifls except for mere revenue,
TARIFF STRUGGLE IN ENGLAND.
_ Mr. Chairman, I cannot give much further
time to tfie exposure of the pretensions of the
friends of this monstrous system of wrong. It
is emphatically the robbery of the many for
the advantage of tho few. If the few "must
be thus supported und cnriched by the many
it were better, cheaper, aud more honest to
compromise with them at once and pay them
in annual bounties out of the Treasury, and
thus save vast millions to the people. The
people could then estimate the amount it cost
them annually to •'protect" these lords of
monopoly. Under our tariff machinery, with
its complicated jugglery, this cannot bo done.
In tins country it is American manufactures
that clamor for tribute. Iti the mighty stru
winch freed England from tariff plunder it was
in great part the lordly proprietors of the soil
who clamored for protection in the interests
of agriculture, piteously lamenting that in their
small country they could not grow wheat in
competition with the vast countries of the
continent and of America.
But the other industrial pursuits organized
cheWt,road0rnT!aWilea!Sne'" Md
Lwt f i 8 gue was "Ctorious, tho
' comPet!ti°n made bread
r^r' the prosperity and progress of agri-
adturewcregreatbjincreased. A fewyears'ago
addii 'T(g-?miSSan,es of Protection, desiring
senirp il trjbut0 ?(I neediriS aid and votes to
secuie it, seduced the western wool-growers of
our country into an alliance to obtain it. An
imnoWM irat'e °f dUt'eS WaS iraP°sed on
imported wools to protect the domestic growers
a ainst, competition from abroad. What is
-fu* £.r0(*uctl0n ^ the country has
I ,1, J the past two years about 25
if cent, the wool returns to the grower a
much ]owei. pMO0 tjjan ^efore? the cxport3
m manufactures of wool declined last
year 60 per cent., while the imports largely
