1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10
Waterman's Mill, Pine Rock. Coancil Hill,
and Portland, Illinois, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BURDETT: The petition of Wil-
liam H. Liggett and 170 others, citizens of
Missouri, for a change and amendment of the
laws relating to homesteads.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege, signed by citizens of
Cornwall, Lebanon county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Kleinfelt-
ersville, Lebanon county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Petitions of A.
D, Kennedy and 97 others, citizens of Cana-
stota; of Charles Kellogg and 56 others, citi-
zens of Chittenango ; of Aaron Fuller and 47
others, citizens of Albion, and of E. L. Ormsby
and 24 others, citizens of Fair Dale, all of the
State of New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. CULLOM: Many petitions, signed
by a large number of citizens of different
counties in the eighth congressional district of
Illinois, asking the repeal of the laws granting
the franking privilege.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of William H.
Y, Haekett and others, citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, praying that proper rank may
be conferred upon the staff in the Navy.
By Mr. FERRISS: Four petitions of citi-
zens of the sixteenth congressional district of
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege;
By Mr. GETZ: Two petitions from citizens
of Klinesville and North Heidelberg, Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GILF1LLAN: A petition of citizens
of Pit-Hole City, Pennsylvania, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition,of citizens of the city of
Titusville, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Natterson's
Ferry, Clarion county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition of citi-
zens of Sandy Hill, Perry county, Pennsylva-
nia, in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of George S.
Snow and others, for the repeal of th& duty on
coal.
By Mr. HEFLIN: A petition from a large
number of citizens of Clay county, Alabama,
: Congress to abolish the franking priv-
■3y Mr. JOHNSON: A petition of citizens
of Santa Rosa, California, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Petitions of R. G.
Martin and 37 others, of Barrytown; of W. J.
Cad man and 81 others, of Red Rock, and of
William S. Woodworth, of Flat Brook, all of
New York, all in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A petition of citizens
of Pompey,.New York, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clay and Ly-
sander, New York, for the same purpose.
Also,apetitionofcitizensofOnondaga, New
York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Delphi, New
York, for the $ame purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of De Witt, New
York, for thesame purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mottville, New
York^ for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Navarino, New
York, for the same purpose.
Also, fotjc oth^r petitions of citizens of the
State of New York, for the same purpose.
By Mr, McNEELY: The petition of Howell
Haup and others, citizens of Brown county,
Illinois, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MAYHAM: A memorial and reso-
lutions of the common council of the city of
Albany, New York, praying for the erection
of a United States court-house and post office
building in that city.
Also, the petition of Virtue Mulley, widow
of Patrick Mulley, deceased, private in com-
pany I, sixtieth regiment New York State
volunteers.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of 92 ma-
chinists, molders, and workingmen of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change iu the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league.
Also, the petition of Singer, Nimick & Co.,
Anderson & Woods, Park, Brother & Co.,
Miller, Barr & Parkin, and Hussey, Wells &
| Co., steel manufacturing firms of Pittsburg,
j Pennsylvania, representing jointly 1,285 skilled
! workmen, denying prominent allegations in the
! report of the Special Commissioner of the
| Revenue, and praying Congress to effectually
! refute them.
Also, the petition of A. Hartupee & Co., of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any addition to the duties now levied on im-
ported steel.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens of
Argos and Bourbon, Marshall county, Indiana,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of A. D.
Rollins and others, of East Greensborougb,
Vermont, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. RID GWAY: The petition of W. G.
Garth and others, of Albemarle county, Vir-
ginia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of citizens
of Taylorsville, Ohio, and also one from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Jacob
Handeshell and 48 others, of Hector, Indiana,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of T. M. Bonham and 31
others, of Arcana, Grant county, Indiana, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Hugh McCurer and 12
others, of Nottingham, Indiana, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of David Wynne and 36
others, of Canoper, Adams county, Indiana,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. SHERROD: A petition of certain
citizens of the sixth congressional district of
Alabama, praying for the repeal of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of E. H.
Andrews and others, citizens of Glosterbury,
Connecticut, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of citizens
of Jackson, Wayne county, Ohio; of Sheffield,
Lorain county, Ohio; of Brunswick, Medina
eounty, Ohio; of Wellington, Lorain county,
Ohio; of Sharon Center, Medina county, Ohio,
and of Medina, Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: A petition from
Golindo, Falls county, Texas, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Elbert Mullinix, ser-
geant Captain Lyon's company Georgia
mounted volunteers, Florida war of 1837 and
1838, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Martha J. Waits, who
was a soldier in the Mexican war, for a pension.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-law of Seth
Lamb, of the city of Washington, to be reim-
bursed for expenses iucurred in furnishing
meals to officers and soldiers of different com-
panies of United States volunteers in 1861.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Friend
A. Brainard, of Vermont, for the return of
commutation money.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: Ten petitions,
numerously signed, from citizens of the coun-
ties of Adams, Lawrence, Gallia, and Vinton,
Ohio, praying for the passage of a law abolish-
ing the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 10, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill kefehked.
The bill (H. R. No. 872) for the relief of
settlers on certain lands in the State of Iowa
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Postmaster General
communicating,in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of February 3, 1870, copies of.
papers relating to the claim of Foster Blodgett
as late postmaster at Augusta, Georgia ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr." RICE presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. YATES presented three petitions of
citizens of Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented sev-
eral petitions of citizens of Maine, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I also present
the petition of Mrs. H. C. Ingersoll and others,
who represent that it may be assumed that,
after the many able arguments made both in
England and this country in behalf of woman's
political rights, it is generally acknowledged
that there is some justice in her plea t9 be
represented when she pays taxes, and also to
have some voice in making the laws by which
she is governed. They say that it may be taken
for granted that this Congress believes many
women able to vote intelligently and to be as
deeply interested in the preservation and wel-
fare of the country as themselves. They ask
that the Congress of the United States will do
justice to this faith within them, by giving suf-
frage to such women of the District of Columbia
as may reasonably, be expected to represent
the true interests of their sex, and at the same
time aid in preserving the true interests of the
State.
I also present the memorial of Miss C. E.
McKay, who remonstrates against the right of
suffrage, and respectfully represents that in her
opinion a large portion of her countrywomen
do not want the ballot, because it lies wholly
outside of what they consider their appropriate
sphere of life and line of duty; that were women
ten times wiser than men all that amount of
wisdom would not be too much for their daily
requirements, in their present relations to the
social system, for the proper administration of
household affairs, and the suitable training of
those who are to become the men and women
of the succeeding generation; and that if so
unwished-for a reorganization of society must
come, it may at least be deferred nntil the
results of the past decade are secured. As
this petition and this remonstrance are very
brief, I move that they be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
James Englesby, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. . .
He also presented the petitions of William
Waller, John W. Brockenbrough, and John h.
Early, of Virginia, praying for the removal ot
their political disabilities; which were referred
