2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 21,
increased. Nobody was benefitediu this coun-
try except a few monopolists. The farmers
and wool-growers have been greatly injured.
18 A DUTY OS IMPORTS A TAX ?
How do these gentlemen attempt farther to
justify these outrages in the popular mind?
How do they hope to prolong the delusion of
their followers and the country? Their su-
preme fallacy, which is also their most gross
and graceless, consists in the pretense that an
impost duty is not a tax and does not enhance
the price of commodities to be paid ultimately
by the consumer. If it were not a tax to be
added to the price of the commodity, whether
imported or made in the country, and to be
paid by the consumer to the importer or do-
mestic manufacturer, it is impressively absurd
to suppose that any protectionist would want
any tariff! If he did not confidently expect to
add nearly all the amount of the duty to the
price of the domestic manufactures, in what
would his protection consist? It would in-
stantly became a myth, an unreal dream, and
he would become a free-trader. Since polit-
ical economy became a science, and at every
stage of its growth to the present time, almost
all economists have taught that all imposts are
taxes upon consumers of the most mischiev-
ous, delusive, and insidious character, and that
the most inconsiderable part nf their burdens
reaches the public Treasury, but that they are
nearly all paid as tributes to the favored classes.
The exceptions to this statement are very few,
and consist of such suborned economists as
spend their lives in writing essays to be pub-
lished and distributed by the wealthy bene-
ficiaries of protection.
One of these gentlemen, Mr. Carey, since
the publication of the instructive and very
valuable report of Mr. Wells, has attempted,
in a pamphlet entitled a •' Review of the Farm-
ers' Question,'' to discredit some of Mr. Wells's
facts and conclusions. To this end Mr. Carey
appealed to statistics. His mode ot combating
a single statement ol the Commissioner will
serve to illustrate the true chaiacter and value
of his pamphlet. Mr. Wells stated that in 1859
in New York the price of wheat was $1 45,
and in 180!) it was SI 35 per bushel, showing
a falling off under high protection to the injury
of the farmer. Mr. Carey relios for his sup-
port on the commerce and" navigation reports
of the country, which every intelligent public
man, whether a professed statistician or not,
knows to be utterly unreliable and worthless
for any sack information. But Mr. Wells, in
search of truth, not of pretexts to vindicate
falsehood, resorted to t.he daily market reports
of the commercial journals of New York city
during those years, which arc absolutely reli-
able, and by them his conclusions and state-
ments are sustained in every material respect.
Of like character are Mr. Carey's other
attempted refutations of Sir. Wells's report;
but I cannot stop to refer to them. " I^alnus
in uno, falsus in omnes.''
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. KiiLijir] in his late speech in de-
fense of the monopolists, adopting the same
sort of moral strategy, goes a step beyond even
Mr. Carey, and_ insists that the imposition of
a duly of $1 '25 per ton on Nova Scotia coal,
by the expiration of the reciprocity treaty, not
only did not increase the price, but that the
price was in fact tess after it than before, and
that the duty had no effect on the price what-
ever His statement of the ease eould only be
vendered_ decently plausible by the complete
suppression of a most, material part of the
truth ; that is, that during the years compared
hy him the premium on gold and the cost of
transportation varied most widely, and exer-
cised a direct and potential influence on the
pi ice of coal and all other commodities, and
entirely destroy the basis of his calculation.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion just there?
Mr. KERR. 1 will. But I do nof yield to
allow the gentleman to make a speech.
Mr. KELLEY. The point of the proposi-
tion was 
Mr. KERIl. 1" do not yield to allow the
gentleman to interject a speech into mine. I
will yield for a question.
Mr. KELLEY. I want to correct what
seemed to me to be a misstatement of the
gentleman.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. 1 hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] will be allowed time to
finish his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERR. I do not object to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kjslley] asking
a question.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I will ask the gentle-
man a question. Did not British coal during
that time follow the price of American coal,
even when the war interrupted the operations of
our carrying companies ; and was the extraor-
dinary price not due to scarcity ?
Mr. KERR. To a great extent, it is true
that imported coal followed the price of Amer-
ican coal. But let it be understood that it was
made true by the very facts I have mentioned
—the controlling influence of the price of gold
and the cost of transportation.
Mr. KELLEY. Did it cost any more to
transport Nova Scotia coal at that time than it
did when our Maryland roads were in running
order?
Mr. KERR. It made no difference whether
the railroads were in running order or not.
I hey were nearly all in order during the prog-
ress of the war. The changes are the results
of what I have stated—the variations in the
price of gold, and the cost of transportation.
The fact that any particular road stopped one
day and was running again the next had no
material effect on these changes. The abso-
lute fact is that the price of Nova Scotia coal
in gold at the pit's mouth has not very mate-
rially changed from 1802 to this time, and all
the fluctuations that have taken place in its
price in the American market have been due
to the changes in the premium on gold and in
the rates of transportation.
It is a strange delusion to suppose that pro-
tection ever cheapened any commodity. It
never did. Whenever it does the protection-
ists will become disgusted with protection and
demand free trade. It is emphatically true of
protection that it is one of those follies in
human legislation which constantly fends to
defeat its own purposes. The self-created and
self-executing laws of trade and business are
wiser than acts of Congress. Congress may
enact laws to make prices and profits high for
their favorites. But instantly the more rational
laws of trade begin to operate, and capital and
individuals, seduced by the excessive and un-
natural profits offered by protection, abandon
legitimate pursuits and reasonable earnings
and rush into the favored business. Then by
the feverish effect of protection all prices grad-
ually increase, and thus the cost of the new
production is increased, and thereby its anti-
cipated profits are reduced. And then the dis- |
appointed beneficiaries of illogical and dishon- '
est tariff laws hasten straightway to Congress
and piteously demand more protection, and
insist that without it they will inevitably perish.
Thus it is always, and has always been in our
history and in the history of the world. Pro-
tection constantly grows more exacting and
importunate by what it feeds on. It never
goes backward or lets go an advantage; but
its ever-recurring appeal is for more. It should
have been noted by Solomon as a fifth thing,
" that saith not, it is enough."
But another distinguished member of the
Ways and Means Committee, the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Matnard,] when asked
by a citizen of New York why the duty on such
coal was not repealed, replied that "the price
of coal to the consumer is not affected in the
least by the duty any more than the price of
flour by the duty oo wheat. The profits of
Nova Scotia coal-mining are curtailed, that is
all." The gentleman's discovery that all the
addition to the market price of the coal caused
by the duty comes out of the profits of the
owners of the mines, and not out of the pockets
of the consumers, is unquestionably original.
But it is suggestively inconsistent with a reso-
lution offered by him a few days afterward,
which reads as follows :
"Resolved, That the select Committeo on the Causes
of the Reduction of American Tonnage be directed to
inquire whether it is expedient for the encourage-
ment of iron ship-building and of the production of
material for iron ship-building to grant a bounty on
ail iron-built sea-going vessels which shall be con-
structed m this country during the next three year.,,
and from American materials, equal to the duties
which would have been imposed on such materials, if
imported, and to report as they may deem proper."
If such duties add nothing to the cost of
materials why offer a bounty for their use or
compel the ship-builder to purchase American
materials, so increased in cost by the duties,
and then pay him such a bounty out of the
people's money? Why not take off the duty
from all materials for ships at once, and thus
accomplish a good result in a direct, honest,
and rational manner?
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
the other day supplied a startling evidence that
full-fledged protectionists do not believe such
theories. He introduced '1 a bill to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States." How do you suppose he goes
about that important task? Does he offer to
protect that sort of "American industry" as
he would most other classes, by increased tariff
duties on imports, or does he confess that that
sort of protection has brought ruin to Ameri-
can tonnage and commerce ? Does he attempt
to cheapen ships^ by augmenting duties on the
materials for their construction? Let us see.
His bill proposes—•
"That upon all imported lumber, timber, hemp,
Manila, and composition metal, plates, beams, an'i
forcings, and upon iron not advanced beyond plates,
rod bars, and bolts, which may be used and wrought
up into the construction of steam orsa.il vessels built
ill the United States, whether for the hull, rigging,
or equipment or machinery of such vessels, tliem
shall be allowed and paid by the Secretary of the
lreasury, under such regulations as he may prescribv,
a drawback equal to the duties which may have been
paid on such material: Provided, That the amount,
of such drawback sliatl not exceed on wooden ves-
sels $8 per ton; on vessels known as composite, that
is, vessels composed of iron frames and wooden plank-
ing and sheathing, >10 per ton; on wooden steamers,
ilO per ton; on composite steamers, composed of iron
frames and wooden planking, $1:2 per ton: And pro-
vided further, That where American material is used
in the construction of iron or composite vessels or
steamers there shall boaliowed and paid, as afore-
said, an amount equivalent to the duties imposed on
similaj articles of foreign manufacture when im-
ported, the full allowance on American and foreign
materials not to exceed the amounts per ton on ves-
sels of each class respectively hereinbefore specified.*'
And it further provides that all vessels en-
gaged in foreign commerce may purchase ship
stores and coal free of all duties and excise
taxes. Each vessel of 2,000 tons burden by
the drawback or bounty will thus receive from
the people about $20,000, and in addition the
very valuable exemption both from impost arid
excise taxes on all its stores and coal on its
voyages by any foreign vessel. This propo-
sition adopts the most odious principle of our
tariff system in the unequal and sectional char-
acter of its burdens and benefits; it is made
chiefly in the interest of Maine and New Eng-
land ship-building, and denies most ofits advan-
tages and subsidies to the languishing interior
commerce and steamboat interests of the West
and South. But these subsidies to the eastern
snip-builders will cost the country vast sums,
and therefore the same gentleman offers another
"bill imposing tonnage duties," by which he
declares "a duty of 80 cents per ton is hereby
imposed_ on all ships, vessels, or steamers
entered in the United States." This is simply
another name for a tariff tax on all imports,
because the importers will charge every dollar
of this tonnage tax to the consumers of the
imported goods. Mr. Chairman, 1 may prop-
erly say here that I esteem these propositions
most unjust and indefensible and unfit to be
