1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4943
lakes a commerce equal to the coasting trade
of the United States on the Atlantic and the
Pacific.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. CONGEE. It is known by all that
during storms upon these lakes the loss of ves-
sels and property is greater and more frequent
than on the ocean itself.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is a mistake.
Mr. CONGER. It is not a mistake. There
has not been a report from the engineer de-
parl meut from the beginning of the Government
until now but what will prove that fact, and
every sailor will say the sair.e. If the gentle-
manhas ever crossed the lakes, even the little
shallow Lake Brie in a storm, he knows the
fact.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me correct the gen-
tleman.
Mr. CONGER. Wait a moment; the gen-
tleman will find that patience in listening to
others is a virtue which he would do well to
cultivate.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when hundreds of lives
and millions of property are lost every year
upon these lakes, what objection can there be
to putting these vessels in commission. I know
that heretofore they have been used as pleasure
boats for aristocratic officers and for Congress-
men from Ohio and New York going up and
down the lakes on pleasure trips. But can they
be made useful ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg the gentleman not
to look around in this direction. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I do not mean the gentle-
man from Ohio. [Mr. Scdexck.] the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. lie
has a right to go upon the vessels of the coun-
try, for when he does he goes for some useful
purpose.
Mr. SCBENCK, Thank yon.
Mr. CONGER. I beg the gentleman not to
interrupt me again, or I will pay him no more
compliments. [Laughter.]
I was about to say that the objection to these
vessels was that they were merely ornamental
and not useful. This amendment provides
that they shall go to the relief of distressed
vessels, that they shall be used to rescue lives
and save properly; to drag fiom shore those
vessels which have gone ashore; that they shall
take the place of vessels hired from year to
year by insurance companies, boards of trade,
and combinations of ship-owners, at an ex-
pense of hundreds of thousands of dollars
yearly, like the Leviathan and other vessels in
the lakes. These cutters belong to the Gov-
ernment, and are now lotiing at the docks
where they are idly lying. They can be made
useful, yet they are lying there perfectly and
utterly "idle. Why sell them ? They will bring
but a pittance compared with then-cost. Why
not employ them to save lile and property, as
this amendment proposes? I ask gentlemen to
bear in mind that this proposition will save
expense to the commerce of these lakes, and
perhaps save hundreds of lives yearly. It will
save the expense now required for fitting out
wreckers by insurance companies, ship-owners,
and our people all along the lakes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Now lot us have a vote.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I want l o say just a word.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the hist word, in
order to state how this matter now stands as
1 understand it. The Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] has
consented to modify his amendment by strik-
ing outthe words " not exceedingfour." With
that change my colleague [Mr. Bekxett] pro-
poses to withdraw his amendment to the
amendment. I hope there will be no objection
to this amendment as it now stands.
I am much obliged to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations for bringing this
matter before the Committee of the Whole.
And I desire to state a few facts in regard to
the number of disasters on the lakes, and the
losses thereby occasioned, as shown by official
reports in order to show the necessity for this
amendment. The disasters for ten years on
the lakes are: for 18G0, 077; for 1861, 275;
for 1862, 300; for 1863, CIO; for 1804, 379;
for 1865, 421; for 1866, 621; for 1867, 931;
for 1868,1,169, and for 1869, 1,914. The ves-
sels totally lost in 1869 numbered 126, with a
tonnage of 33,892 tons, and of the value of
$1,414,200. The damage done by marine dis-
asters in 1869 amounted to $4,160,000. The
lives lost in 1808 on the lakes numbered 321,
and in 1809 they numbered 209. Now, for the
purpose of averting some of this loss of life
and properly on the lakes, it is asked that so
many of these revenue-cutters as the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury in his discretion may
decide to be necessary shall be put in com-
mission. I now withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
The amendment moved by Mr. Dawes was
then agreed to, as modified.
The Clerk lead as follows:
Sec. 4. Andbcit further enacted, Thattlic Secretary
of the Treasury bo, and be is hereby, directed to
authorise tho Light-House Board to place a light-
vessel in a suitable position to aid in the navigation
of the Choptank river, Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. The object of this section hav-
ing been otherwise provided for, I move that
it be stricken out.
The motion to strike oat was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, t now move to insert the
following new section:
Aad be it farther enacted, That all letters-patent
hereafter issued shall be subject to the right of the
Govcrnmeuttouse themattcror thing patented,and
. to manufacture the same for the uso of the Govern-
ment ireo ot charge.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to know from the Chair
whether that amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The House yesterday,
under a suspension of the lules, granted the
gentleman from Massachusetts leave to offer
Uie amendment.
^'Mr. HOAR. I trust the amendment will
not be adopted without consideration. Why
should not the inventor receive from the Gov-
ernment a, fair and proper compensation for
his invention? No process of law can prevent
the use of a patent by the Government when-
ever in its judgment the public necessities
require it3 use ; and the Government generally
determines for itself how much it will pay for
the use of a patent under such circumstances.
It seems to me, that to deprive the inventor
of the right to reasonable compensation from
the Government for the use of his invention,
would be a very harsh and unjust measure.
Mr. DAWES. I will state why I have
offered this amendment. The Government
has been compelled in a great many instances
to pay excessive royalty for the use of pat-
ented inventions. The amount now paid under
patents already issued is very large, so large
as to have attracted the attention of the Sec
retary of the Treasury, who sent to me this
provision, with the request that i would offer it
as an amendment to this bill. It applies only
to patents which may hereafter be issued. It
is entirely plain that when a party comes to
the Government and asks its protection in in-
suring to him a monopoly of a patent to the
exclusion of everybody else the Government
may reserve to itself the light to the free use
of the invention whenever the interests of the
country may require it. In other words, the
Government may with great propriety pre-
scribe the terms upon which it will herealter
i issue any patent.
i The law of England has always been in ae-
| cordance with the provision now proposed. It
] has been decided m all the English courts that
I without any provision of law a patent will
I not run against the Government. \i prevent,
whenever oar Government is obliged to use
any patented invention, the patentee or his
agents come down upon it with just such a
charge as they please for the use of a patent
issued by the Government itself; so that the
Government must forego the use of the patent,
or else must pay whatever the patentee may
demand.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me that some members of the Committee on
Appropriations wish to exclude from this hill
much tbat is germane, aad to put into it many
things which do not properly belong to it. A
number of private claims have been inserted
in this bill, while one member at least of the
Committee on Appropriations has interposed
his veto against the offering of an entirely
appropriate provision.
Now, let tne say that if there is any pro-
priety at all in the pending proposition—and
in my view there is none—it should have been
examined by the Committee on Patents, aa
was the amendment which I offered awhile
ago. This proposition is simply a blow at the
inventors of the country. A bill revising the
patent laws has recently been under the con-
sideration of this House, having been reported
by the Committee on Patents, and will shortly
become a law, the Senate having acted on
it, and the committee of conference being,
I believe, appointed. As an amendment to
that bill such a provision as is now proposed
would have been entirely appropriate, and
would doubtless have received from the House
all the consideration it might have deserved.
But the Committee on Appropriations attempt
now in this indirect manner, and upon an
utterly inappropriate bill, to carry through, with
no opportunity for deliberate consideration,
this proposition, aiming, for some reason which
1 cannot fathom, a blow at the inventive talent
of the country. It is true that letters patent
are issued by the Government, but they are
issued to the citizen in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the Constitution. He properly comes
to the Government and claims a reward for the
product of his genins. It is not within the
appropriate province of the Government to
set itself up against him and say that the Con-
stitution exempts it from the obligation to
accord to the inventor the reward which it, was
intended should be given to him without stint
or condition by the words exclusive right "
to his discovery.
But my other objection to this proposition is
that it does not properly belong to this bill,
and that it has not had the examination of the
appropriate committee. I hope the amend-
ment will be rejected.
Mr. DAWES. As this bill hasalready con-
sumed so much time, and as this amendment
will evidently consume more, I withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there is
heioby appropriated the sum of or so much
thereof at, may bo neceasaiy, for tho erection in the
Congressional Cemetery of monuments in memory
of those Representatives who have died since 1860:
said monuments to bo of uniform size and style with
those previously erected; and this sum to be dis-
bursed under the direction of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, upon contractsmade by him with
the lowe^ losponsibie biddeis therefor after duo
public notice given.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will move to strike out the clause which re-
quires these monuments to be of "uniform
size and style." Such a provision adds hor-
rors to death.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
Sec.—. Andbe.it/nrtlicrenaeted, That the mayor
of the city ot Washington, the Secretary of the In-
terior, the Commissioner of Publie Buildings and
Grounds, the mcliiteot of tho Capitol extension, and
their successors in office, together with two men to
bo appointed by tho mayor of the city of Washington,
by and with the advice and consent of the boaad of
aldermen ofsriid city, are hereby appointed a com-
mission who shall cause the Washington city eanaJ,
either m whole or in part, to be dredged, or, it
deemed best, dredged and narrowed; and for tho
purpose of making this improvement the corporate
authorities of the city of Washington are hereby
authorized and directed to levy and collect a tax ot
$100,000 upon all taxable property in said eity, lor
defraying part of the expenses thereof; and the sum
