2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
The duties on clarified and refined sugar
are almost prohibitory under the present law,
and this bill proposes no reduction on refined
sugar, and only half a cent per pound on clari-
fied sugar; and yet these are the sugars the peo-
ple most use and need, and which ought to be
cheapened if possible. The present duty is so
high that in the first nine months of 1869 only
1,007,19!)poundsof them, worth $67,817, were
imported. But of the raw sugar, which the
people do not consume, and only the refiners
import and use, during the same time, 1,105,-
308,227 pounds, worth $54,351,688 were im-
ported, on which the duty is reduced by this
bill from 3 to 2 cents per pound. Why such
a large reduction on this kind and so trifling
on the others? It is because there exists in
this country an immense, wealthy, and power-
ful monopoly, called sugar-refiners, who, by
the aid of the prohibitory duties on imported
refined sugars, have for many years enjoyed
the undisputed command of our markets and
prices, and have been able, by being permitted
to import their raw materials, the brown or
common sugars, at such low rates, tosell their
manufactured products at exorbitant prices
and realize princely fortunes.
The proposed reduction in the price of the
common brown sugars is calculated directly
and most materially to increase and further
enrich their monopoly. JJid it will not reduce
the price of sugar to the great tnass of consum-
ers in any material degree. Yet it would cost
the Government annually in reduced revenue
about $10,000,000, nearly all which would find
its way into the pockets of the favored, pro-
tected, refiners. The high and almost prohibit-
ory duties are to be very kindlv continued on
the imported refined sugars, so as to ''protect"
the American refiners against any annoying
competition, and enable them, notwithstanding
this generous reduction in their raw materials,
to maintain their monopoly of the market and
prices for their products, the refined sugars.
The duty on tea, colfee, and sugar is very high,
too high ; but to give the people any material
relief against it the reduction should be much
greater than is proposed, and should be made
in conjunction witli a great, general reduction
of all duties, and should be so adjusted as to
benefit the consumers chiefly, not the monop-
olists entirely.
The small reduction proposed on tea and
coffee will be substantially appropriated by the
importers and merchants of the country before
it reaches the people, and will reduce the prices
to be paid by them in the most trifling degree,
if any at all. The redaction proposed appears
to be in the nature of a blind to justify the
addition of more oppressive duties on other
imports. The people gain nothing if you re-
duce the duty on tea, coffee, and sugar in order
only to add it to coal, iron, steel, salt, clothing
of all kinds, and lumber. In the latter form
it will inevitably cost the people twice as much,
directly or indirectly, and yield comparatively
little revenue. The present duty on tea, coffee,
and sugar costs the consumers the enormous
sum of $52,000,000 in gold per annum, but the
Government collects just the same amount in
customs. The present duty on iron and steel
and their products pays the Government in
customs less than ยง10,000,000 per annum, and
costs the people, directly or indirectly, at least
5100,000,000 per annum, besides the amount
of duty.
Recurring to this table for the fiscal year end-
ing .Tune 30, 18G9, it appears that during that
year the imports of tea, coffee, and sugar afforded
a revenue amounting to nearly $52,000,000 in
gold, equal to two fifths of the needful customs
revenue of the country, and that the average
cost per capita of the whole consumption by
the people was only about <ioo and ahalf cents
per week, or $1 30per year. But these arti-
cles are not necessaries in the highest sense,
and are not used by all the people. Boots and
shoes, clothing, salt, and many other articles
are absolute necessaries, are used by everybody;
are indispensable to co mfort, happiness, health,
growth, improvement, and civilization. The
revenue derived from the oppressive duties on
the latter articles does not approximate in
amount the sum derived from tea, coffee, and
sugar ; and yet the loss to the consumers, the
aggravation of prices, the injury to industry
and labor, the loss to the productive capacities
and commerce of the country resulting from the
latter, exceed the other by incalculable millions.
The chief reason is that nearly all the cost
added by the tariff to tea, coffee, and sugar is
paid into the Treasury, while of the other arti-
cles, the absolute necessaries, very little of the
increased price accrues to the Government,
because a very inconsiderable part of them is
imported from abroad, and they are in very
great part produced in this country, and the
only effect of the tariff, therefore, is to keep
out competition and to enable the domestic
producer of them to charge his own prices.
Hence, it is true that the purchaser of a good
coat, or pair of pantaloons and vest, or pair of
boots, or good hat, or good shirt, or silk dress,
actually pays more on account of tariff tax than
would pay the average annual cost of tea,
coffee, and sugar for several persons.
SALT.
The duty on salt is almost absolutely pro-
hibitory, being over 150per cent., and the earn-
ings of the chief salt monopoly in the country,
the Onondaga Salt Company, are nearly two
hundred,per cent, per annum on their invest- \
went originally, not on their stock, as it has !
been watered down to conceal real profits. i
Mr. McCABTHY. Will the gentleman yield ]
to me for a question ?
Mr. KERR. I yield with pleasure.
Mr. McCAllTHY. To what time, to what
year does the gentleman refer?
Mr. KERR. As my authority, I refer the
gentleman to reports made under oath by cer-
tain officers of the company, of which he is a
stockholder, a year and a half ago, and which
were published in the Commissioner's report
of last year. I further refer the gentleman for
proof of what I say to a very carefully prepared
article which appeared in the New York Even-
ing Post recently, which is an able Republican
paper.
Mr. McCarthy. Will the gentleman
please to state within what time those profits
were made?
Mr. KERR. I am not prepared to say that
I know precisely the years. Rut I know that
the years in which those profits were made are
very late years, and are since the company have
had the advantage of this enormous tariff, and
are the result of this enormous tariff.
Mr. McCARTHY. Will the gentleman allow
me to give him correctly the years in which
that profit was made ?
Mr. KERR. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
| I do not yield to him to insert a speech in
mine.
Mr. McCARTHY. I wish to ask another
question.
Mr. KERR. I will yield for a question.
Mr. McCARTHY. Doesthegentiemanmean
to say that he does not wish to know the facts?
Mr. KERR. By no means; and the gentle-
man has no right to insinuate any such thing.
If there are persons in this country who do not
like to know facts, they are the protectionists.
But I am not willing that the gentleman shall
occupy the space that belongs to me in the
expression of my opinions. 1 am entirely sat-
isfied with my facts. I read the gentleman's
facts, and I am not satisfied with them; and I
think I should be no better satisfied if I let
him inject them into my speech now.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
McCarthy] attempts, in vindication of the salt
monopolists, to break the force of this aston-
ishing fact by telling the House that domestic
salt is cheaper to-day in currency than it was
in 1860 in gold, and that it is selling now at
23 cents per bushel in NewYorkandat 34 cents
in Cleveland and Chicago. But the latest and
most reliable price-current lists show that on
March 12, 1870, ordinary coarse salt, the
standard and lowest-priced article, sold at
Chicago and Cleveland at about 50 cents per
bushel, and on the day before at New York
coarse Syracuse salt was quoted in the Journal
of Commerce at 45 cents per bushel, and at
Troy, New York, on the same day, 150 miles
nearer Syracuse, the placc of production, the
same article at from 58 to 60 cents per bushel.
But besides these remarkable inaccuracies in his
statements, it further appears that no reliable
or standard authority on pricesin 1860verifies
his declaration that salt during that year sold
so high as 23 cents in gold per bushel.
WOOLENS, COTTON, ETC.
The duties on woolens average 53 per cent,
and in some cases are equal to 160 per cent.,
and it is a significant fact that the woolens
most used by the rich are taxed lowest, and
the warm stout goods most used and needed
by the poor are almost doubled in price by the
tariff. The average of tax on imports of cot-
ton and silk goods of all kinds is even greater
than that on woolens, with the same odious
discrimination in many cases against the poor.
It is difficult to find in the tariff schedules of
leading articles consumed by the people any
that escape the blighting hand of taxation.
Why are not these burdens mitigated ? Why
are they not revised and readjusted with refer-
ence to revenue and the relief of the poor of
"American labor," the producers of most of
the values in the country? This bill offers no
relief, but on many of those things gives in-
creased spoliation to the monopolists. The
duty on imported woolens ia not the only bur-
den such goods are compelled to bear before
they become the property of the consumers.
The following is a schedule of the articles
entering into the composition or manufacture
of woolens in the country, with the rate of tax-
ation on each under existing laws:
Nitric acid, 10 per cent.
Sulphuric acid, 1 cent per pound.
Alum, 60 cents per 100 pounds, or 40 per cent.
Alzarine, 10 per cent.
Analine dyes, $1 per pound and 35 per cent.
Extract annotto, 20 per cent
Brushes, 40 per cent.
Cards, 35 per cent.
Cuteh, 10 per cent.
Chalk, 610 per ton, or 833 per cent.
Ohromate of potash, 3 cents per pound, 01*34 per
ccnt.
Coal, $1 25 per ton, 39 per cent.
Copperas, So per cent.
Cudbear, 10 per cent.
Emery, 1 cent per pound.
Files, 10 cents per pound and 30 or 56 per cent.
Flocks, 12 cents per pound, or 83 per cent.
Fuller's earth, $3 per ton, or 25 per ccnt.
Glass, 49 per cent.
Gums, 20 per cent.
Carmined indigo, 20 per cent.
Lead, sugar of, 222 per cent.
Litharge, 3 cents per pound, or 61 per cent.
Extract logwood, 10 per cent.
Machinery, 35 and 45 per cent.
Nails, li cent per pound.
Nitrate of iron, 20 per ccnt.
Argols, 6 cents per pound, or 44 per cent.
Blue vitriol, 100 per cent.
Box boards, 29 per cent.
Borax, 10 cents per pound, or T8 per cent.
Brimstone, $10 per ton.
Brooms, 35 per ccnt.
Nitrate of tin, 20 per cent.
Olive oil, 25 cents per gallon.
Paints, 25 per cent.
Yirapping paper, 35 per cent.
Press papers, 35 per cent.
Prussiate potash, 10 cents per pound, or 24 per
cent.
Yellow prussiate potash, 5 cents per pound.
Hopes, 31- cents per pound.
Sumac, 10 per cent.
Orgazine silk, 35 percent.
Sewing silk, 40 per cent.
Soda ash, i ccnt per pound, or 22 per cent.
Teasels, 10 per cent.
Bar tin, 15 per cent.
Muriate tin, 30 per cent.
Tvine,40 per cent.
