3050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Ik will be seen from the report that the pro-
motion of Commodore Bullus to the rank of
commodore on the retired list costs him $200
a year, docks his pay $200 a year. This sec-
ond section is only intended to allow him to
retain the same pay that he had when he Was
promoted. It does not add a dollar to his pay,
but only lets him keep on at the pay he was
receiving when he was promoted instead of by
his promotion cutting him off $200 a year.
Now, the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama provides that he shall not receive any
back pay for two, or three, or four years. You
have cut down his pay $200 by making him a'
commodore, and now the Senator frorti Ala-
bama wishes that we shall not give him that
money. We are to give it to him hereafter,
but are not to give him his back pity. A more
manifest injustice could not possibly be done
bv the Governtnent to a meritorious and brave
officer.
Mr. SPENCER. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Missouri, which was
adopted, and to which my amendment was
made, repeals section nine of the act of March
2. 1807. .Section nine of the act of March 2,
18G7, reads as follows:
"And bis it further enacted. That officers on the
retired and reserved lists of the Navy shall be enti-
tled to promotion n* their several dates upon the
active list are promoted; but such promotion shall not
entitle them to any pay beyond that to which they
wero entitled when retired, unless upon aotive duty,
when they shall receive the full pay of theirrespcct-
ivc grades: Provided, That no promotion shall ba
made to the frrado of rear admiral upon the retired
list while there shall be in that grade the full num-
ber allowed by law."
The amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sour: repeals that section, and I am informed,
I may say officially, from officers of the Navy
Department, that that amendment will cost
the Government about fifty thousand dollars, j
If it only affects four or five officers, as the >
Senator from Missouri says, I am not opposed
to it. |
Mr. DRAKE. I investigated the matter I
before the report was made in the Fortieth i
Congress, and every word I have stated to the
Senate I found out upon examination, and the
Naval Committee so reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama to the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment to the atflertdment was non-
concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the original
amendment.
Mr. BO RE MAN. What is that amendment?
I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol- !
lows: j
And be it further resolved. That officers who have
been promoted in pursuance of the ninth section of
the act to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy, '
passed March 2,1867, Shall be entitled to receive, ,
fromthe date of such promotion, thesame nay when '
pot on active duty that they were, at the time of be-
ins so promoted, entitled to when not on such duty,
under the laws then in forcc regulating the pay of
officers of the retired and reserved lists of tho Navy;
and tho said ninth Section of said act is hereby
repealed.
The amendment was concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to, tie en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed,
GKtfBRAL STtAMBOAT LAW.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
on the Calendar after the point Where the call
of the Calendar ceased yesterday is Senate bill
No. 716.
Mr. THAYER. With the indulgence of the
Benate, I desire to remark at this point that if
Senators will circumscribe their remarks within
very brief limits I am willing that any Senator
shdilhave an opportunity to explain any amend-
ment ho may offer; but if so much time is to
be occupied on one amendment as has been
taken up on. three tills this morning by three
Senators I shall feel bound to object, and the
cue must go over. If every Senator will feel
disposed to stop short after explaining his
amendment, he can get a vote on his bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say, as I have
objected to several bills, that I do not object
to a vote being taken ; but if any speeches are
hereafter to be made I shall object to every
one during the day.
Mr. THAYER. I agree with the Senator.
I do not object to a vote being taken; but if
Senatbrs will take up so much time in talking
I shall object to the bills.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg leave to say in regard
to that matter that I have taken no more time
thjan was absolutely necessary to explain the
proposition, and no gentleman has a right to
intimate that I have done any otherwise. If
intlemen choose to object to bills becauso of
kt, let them do so.
Dhe title of the bill (S. No. 710) to ptovide
"or the better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes, was announced.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a very long bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is all right. There
will be no debate upon it.
The Secretary read the bill; and it was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McDONALD. I offer an amendment
to insert in section eleven, line seventy-seven,
after the word '' steam :"
Steam and water registers that will correctly
rooord each excess of steam carried obovq.the pre-
scribed limit and the highest point attained, and
cach deficiency of water below tho prescribed limit
and the lowest point reached, Which shall be taken
wholly from the control of all persons engaged in
navigating said vessel and secured by the inspectors.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to submit an amend-
ment to whieh I think the chairman of the
committee having the bill in charge will con-
sent, to itisert before the word '' provided," in
section ten, line seveh, in the regulations with
regard to river steamers, "bud shall be pro-
vided with commodious stairways, in addition
to the others, from the Baloon deck to the main
deck at or near the stern of the vessel."
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is to provide for the exit
of passengers in case of fire.
Mr. COLE. I suppose that amendment will
. apply to vessels hereafter built, and not to those
in existence now?
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course.
Mr. CHANDLER. You may put in " ves-
: sels hereafter built." It is intended to apply
to river navigation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not wish to interfere
with the bill; bat there is really no reason why
it should be confined to those hereafter built.
The protection should commence immediately.
Mr. COLE. I am not particular about it,
of course, but I supposed it was intended to
apply to those boats hereafter constructed.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Chairman consents to
the amendment as it is, and I hope the Senator
from California will withdraw his opposition.
Tho amendment was agreed, to.
Mr. THAYER. IsubiAitthe following pro-
viso, to come in after line thirty-six of section
three:
Provided, that every sea-£o5nf* steam-vessel of
dver two hundred tons, engaged or employed id
carrying passengers or freight, shall be provided in
its equipment for the purpose of. exhausting water
from the hold of such vessel in case of leak or Other-
wise, with doable-acting pumps, centrifugal pumps,
or double-suction steam-siphons, in either case to
be operated by steam and independent of the ma-
chinery1 of tfte vessel in ca.se said machinery should
become disabled. Said pumps or siphons shall be
Constructed of suitable material and properly at-
tached to the vessel, and shall bo of sufficient capa-
city to employ at least otie fourth of the steam-power
pf the boilers of such steam-vessel.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would suggest to the
Senator from Nebraska that he say " five hun-
dred tons" instead of " two hundred tons."
There are no vessels navigating the Atlantic
of less than five hundred tons. I do notobject
to the amendment. I
Mr. TIJAYER. I will so modify it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
it, then.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not examined this
bill, but have relied upon the examination given
to it by the Committee on Commerce. I am will-
ing to tako the bill as it comes from the com-
mittee, but I think it is very unsafe to thrust
into a bill of this description these amendments
that have not been considered by any commit-
tee or by any persons who understand the con-
struction of ships and the mode of managing
them. If the bill can be passed as it came
from the committee I shall be content; but
unless these amendments have been considered
I should be very reluctant to see them attached
to the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should prefer to pass
the bill as it came from the committee; yet
the amendments that have been offered thus
tar are not objectionable in themselves, nor
is this one offered by the Senator from Ne-
braska, if it applies to vessels of five hundred
tons, so as not to compel little ships that never
go to sea to he provided with these pumps.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Has it been considered
by the committee?
Mr. CHANDLER. All these propositions
have been before the committee.
Mr. THAYER. This is an additional pro-
tection for the lives of passengers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator l'rom
Nebraska as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know upon
what principle exactly the compensation of the
officers of the local boards of inspectors is reg-
ulated; but it seems to me that it is not cor-
rect as it is. It is provided that "each local
inspector of the several districts respectively,
shall be paid annually, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the following
compensation, to wit: one inspector of hulls
and one inspector of boilers for the district of
New York and New Orleans, $2,200 each."
That may be correct. I have nothing to say
about the sums paid, except that I do not like
the proportions—
For the districts of Philadelphia, Baltimore, Buf-
falo, St. Loui3, Louisville, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, and
San Francisco, $2,000 each; for the districts of Boston,
Detroit, Chicago, and Galena, $1,800 each.
I am quite sure there must bo as much busi-
ness for these officers to do at Chicago as there
is at Pittsburg, or Louisville, or Cincinnati, or
Buffalo; and it seems to me if the salary is
to be put at $2,000 at Pittsburg and Louis-
ville, it should be $2,000at Chicago; or rather
if $1,800 is enough for Chicago, I think $1,800
is enough for Pittsbdrg, and I will make my
motion in that way to amend the bill by strik-
ing out the words " $2,000 each," and the
words "for the districts of," in lines sixteen
and seventeen of section Sixty-two; and then
it will read:
For the districts of Philadelphia, Baltimore, Buf-
falo, St. Louis, Louisville, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Saa
Francisco, Boston, Detroit, Chicago, and Galena,
$1,800 eaeh.
I am sure if $1,800 is enough at Chicago,
Detroit, and Boston, it is enough at Pittsburg,
Louisville, arid Cincinnati.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would say to the Senator
from Illinois that Pittsburg ia the place where
most of the smaller class of river steamers are
fitted out or repaired. They are either taken
there for repair or built there in the first in-
stance. Probably most steamboats are fitted
out and repaired there ; and it is more import-
ant in this view than any other point on the west-
ern rivers. I think he is mistaken in suppos-
ing there is less business at Pittsburg than at
Chicago in that line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How is it at Louisville
and Buffalo? There is certainly not much
there.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not so much building there
as in Pittsburg. Pittsburg is a place of great
importance.
