4000
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
is at least thirty-two thousand square miles, or
twenty million five hundred thousand acres.
Think of the body of water converging from
many lesser rivers and seeking its ocean level.
It is almost beyond oar thought. The discharge
per second at Natchez is estimated at one hun-
dred and sixty thousand cubic feet at low water,
and it swells to over one million two hundred
thousand cubic feet at high flood, or over four
thousand million feet every hour!
Some idea may be gained of the devastation
and power of .floods by the breaks in the im-
perfect levees and the body of water that some-
times rushes through these wide gaps. In the
great flood of 1857 there were forty-five cre-
vasses or breaks from Helena to New Orleans.
One, ten miles below Helena, was three thou-
sand feet wide and eight feet deep. At or near
Warrenton the water flowed four feet deep and
more than a mile in width from the main chan-
nel over the plantations and lowlands, and just
above New Orleans a stream seven hundred
and fifty feet wide and twenty feet deep poured
over the region arouud that great city aud
flooded its very suburbs and streets. The dis-
charge of all these crevasses was computed
at twenty-seven thousand cubic feet per second,
or ninety-seven million cubic feet per hour,
equal to a lake a mile square and eighty feet
deep every day.
But it may be supposed that the lands thus
overflowed are mostly worthless marshes and
swamps that never can be reclaimed. While
this is true of some portions, it is far from true
of the greater part. I know the wonderful
fertility of these lands in my own State, and
am told of theirgreat productive wealth further
up the river. It must be remembered that a
iarge area now under cultivation is liable to
damage by floods. The sugar plantations are
mostly on low lands, and many cotton plant-
ations also. The damage to the crop in the
Tensas bottom, a fertile and cultivated region
near my own home, estimated at $5,000,01)0 in
a single year, will give some faint idea of our
periled products. A perfect system ol'levees,
such as can be made practical, as experience
ail Europe shows, would relieve us from this
sense of impending danger and add immensely
to the wealth of our nation.
It has been said "what has been done can
be done," and in this age of great engineering
enterprises, when Pacific railroads and Suez
canals dwarf the old Egyptian pyramids, it may
well-nigh be said of such efforts "nothing is
impossible." The civilization of our ago under-
takes nobler tasks and enterprises of wider aud
more lasting benefit than those of the pyramid
builders. Its network of railroads, its steam-
ships and telegraphs, and its clearing of forests
are triumphs full of utility to all, and this
changing a watery waste to a smiling expanse
of cultivated lands unequaled in lertibty is
in accord with its other nobly useful undertak-
ings. Europe gives proofs of the practicability
of such efforts. The old Romans built dikes
to restrain and regulate the flow of the Rhine
tlnough the level lands near its mouth, and
centuries ago the work they began had been
so far perfected by the patient toil and persist-
ent sagacity of the Hollanders that vast dikes
stretched along its banks and even along the
sea-shore. To-day the rich and cultivated plains
of Holland smile in calm security, and the till-
ers of the soil well-nigh forgot that the waters
of that, great river are above them on the One
side and the broad Atlantic is above them on
ihe other, so solid and strong and lasting are
the dikes that protect them.
Along the Po and the Adige, in northern Italy,
are solid embankments, massive and secure as
our perfected levees can be and must be, and
the laborers in pleasant vineyards aud fruitful
olive fields work on in quiet security, and the
dwellers in villages and cities scarce dream of
possible danger from floods. I have no data
t>y which to learn the cost or the benefits of
these great works in the Old World ; but it is
enough to know that they are permanent and
successful, because planned and built on a
scale equal to any emergency, which is the
only true economy or wisdom, and it is said
by eminent engineers that it is as practicable
to build levees on our river as on the Rhine,
while they have the added trouble of heavy ice,
from which we are free. The Egyptian delta,
reclaimed by artificial protection, is not only
abundantly productive and populous, but its
climate is salubrious.
Looking at what has been done and gained
in the Old World, and putting their magnifi-
cent yet comparatively narrow success beside
the far greater results and benefits we can at-
tain, it is not the language of visionary enthu-
siasm, but of practical and sober common
sense, which keeps close to the fact and to the
laws of nature, that no labor or expense ever
invested in a great enterprise will pay back
such large and rich results as this investment
to perfect a levee system reaching through the
five States of Missouri, Tennessee, Arkansas,
Mississippi, and Louisiana. Not narrow or
partial or local, but truly and broadly national
is this work, and I am glad to be able to offer
it to this great nation as their fit triumph and
benefit.
No more time need be spent on the feasi-
bility of this work. Doubtless it is vast and
difficult; but it can be done, and that is enough
for an American to know. The builders of the
Central Pacific Railroad did not stop at the
foot of the Sierra Nevadas and take counsel
with their fears, for they had none : they had
taken counsel with their powers and hopes, and
fears were gone, and they carried their iron
pathway over the mountains.
Let me recapitulate the sure and reasonable
results of a perfected levee system. It will
protect from inundation an area of thirty-two
thousand square miles. This may be divided
into four sections, to better understand its loca-
tion :
1. That region extending from Cape Girar-
deau on the north to Helena on the south, and
reaching back from the west bank of the Mis-
sissippi to Granbyand Bloorofield ridges at its
western limit, known as the St. Francis basin,
and containing over three million acres, in
Missouri and Arkansas.
2. The Yazoo basin, from the Yazoo, Talla-
hatchie, and Coldwater rivers on the east side
of the Mississippi to the east bank of that river,
and bounded north and south by the bluffs of
the Mississippi and Tennessee, containing four
million acres, in the State of Mississippi.
3. The region between the Arkansas and
Red rivers, with the highlands of Arkansas and
Louisiana on the north and west, partly in
Arkansas but mostly in Louisiana,and including
the four north parishes of that State. Its area
is five million eight hundred thousand acres.
4. The country below Red river, the sugar
and rice region of Louisiana, mostly on the
west side of the Mississippi above Baton Rouge,
but on both sides below, and embracing seven
million six hundred and eighty thousand acres
of land of great fertility.
The Yazoo basin, with its four million acres,
had but four hundred thousand acres culti-
vated in 1860, and yet produced two hundred
and twenty thousand bales of cotton, two mil-
lion six hundred thousand bushels of corn,
and other products and live stock in proportion,
and its plantations were valued at $il,s00,000,
averaging ninety-six dollars per acre. The
four Louisiana parishes produced two hundred
and fifty thousand bales of cotton in lS61,and
the sugar crop of that State in 1860 was four
hundred and forty-nine thousand hogsheads.
All this was before the war, with the levees in
far better condition than now. But even then
these rich crops were the products of a small
part of the soil; vast areas could not be kept
dry enough for cropping, and every three or
four years high floods reduced or destroyed all
crops, and periled the life and health of thou-
sands by the miasma rising from the slimy and
stagnant waters their subsidence left behind.
Let us see what this great area might produce
with the Mississippi kept iu bounds by solid and
sufficient levees, and proper drainage, and how
those products would affect the finances aud
industry of the nation. The sugar crop is one
in which my own State has large interest, but
the abundant home product is vital to our
national welfare. Restore Louisiana levees
even to their imperfect condition before the
war, and she can make at least the two hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand tons produced in
I860. We consume over four hundred thou-
sand tons of raw sugar of all kinds, and, it
appears, could produce under the conditions
of 18G0 over forty per cent, of this amount, but
the destruction of levees has sent us to Cuba
and Brazil for this necessity of life. We are
paying for our sugar and molasses probably
sixty millions a year in gold, besides the ten or
twelve millions of food and manufactures we
export to these countries. Of course we are
losing the home manufacture of the tools and
costly machinery for sugar-making, which we
in Louisiana would gladly purchase from the
North and the West and use on our sugar estates
if we could. Give us the levees, and in less
than ten years Louisiana will make all the sugar
the country needs, of a quality hardly equaled,
and thus save a yearly balance of $00,000,000
from going abroad, and help our home manu-
facturers and machinists by large purchases of
clothing, tools, and mechanism for our sugar-
mills. This moderate statement might be made
larger aud yet be the truth ; but 1 want the
facts of a near future to put in the shade the
modest prophecy of to-day.
Cotton is the great crop, not only for export
but for home manufacture. I know we are
accustomed to look almost wholly to foreign
markets, especially to that of England ; but we
can supply the large demands of that country
and build up in our own land factories that
shall add largely to our wealth, save us costs of
transportation, give us more stable and better
prices, and keep the profits aud the added
values that skill and labor give to this raw
material within our own borders. In the years
1858-59 the profits of cotton manufacture in
Great Britain, by their own reports, were
$188,000,000 a year, while the total value of
our cotton crop was a little less, or $186,000,-
000. Surely it would be well for us to gain
some of this profit at home. We have coal,
water-power, food, skill, all requisites for man-
ufacturing on a vast scale, and in the nature
of things we ought to build up great and per-
manent manufactures of cotton in the South
and West as well as in the North. The South
years ago started home manufactures a little,
and in 1848 their cotton consumption had
reached one hundred thousand bales, and the
Charleston Mercury expressed the belief that
in ten years the South would not export raw
cotton; but they did not persevere, aud the
consumption went back to eighty-seven thou-
sand five hundred bales in 1860.
By returns of the National Association of
Cotton Manufacturers and Planters, there were
eighty-six cotton mills in the southern States
in 1868, as follows:
States.
Virginia 
North Carolina 
South Carolina 
Georgia 
Alabama 
Mississippi 
Texas 
Arkansas 
Tennessee 
Kentucky 
Mills. Spindles.
10
17
6
20
8
6
4
o
10
3
36,060
24,2-19
31,388
G9.782
25,190
8,752
8,528
921
13,720
6,264
Cotton
spun.
4,010,000
3,537,000
1,171,100
10,864,350
2,820,596
1,457,000
1,372,104
258,400
1,847,200
1,075,000
These run, in round numbers, 225,000 spin-
dles, and use 31,500,000 pounds of cotton.
Surely_ an encouraging growth, but only a
beginning.
In 1860, by the census there were 5,235,727
cotton spindles in the country, and the increase
up to 1864-65 was slight, if any; but in 1868
