1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 125) concerning colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts : which was read a first time by its title.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 ask that the resolution be
read in full.
The joint resolution received its second read-
in? at'length. It recites that by an act ap-
proved July 2,1862, entitled "An act donating
public lands to the several States and Territo-
ries which may provide colleges for the ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
r.ublie lands were donated upon certain condi-
tions expressed in the act; and therefore it
proceeds to provide that from and after the
passage of this joint resolution no State which
has not already complied with the conditions
named in the act referred to shall be deemed
to have complied with them unless the colleges
or educational institutions established in ac-
cordance therewith shall be so arranged and
conducted as to afford equal advantages to stu-
dents without distinction on account of race,
color, or previous condition.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Education, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 527) for the relief of William F. Scott,
late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry volunteers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING, by request, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 528) for the relief of Nor-
man Wiard; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 529) to provide for the sale of the Great
and Little Osage Indian reservations in the
State of Kansas, and for the settlement of
said Indians in the Indian territory; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that an order be
made to recommit to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands the bill (S. No. 325) amendatory of
an act entitled "An act to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada," approved June
8, 1868. It particularly concerns the Univer-
sity of California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that Monday
next be set apart for the consideration of busi-
ness from the Committee on Commerce. There
are numerous bills reported by that committee
which ought to be acted upon, and I ask that
Monday next be set aside for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
Irora Michigan asks that an order be made
setting aside Monday next, after the morning
hour, for the consideration of bills reported
by the Committee on Commerce, subject, of
course, to the rule of the Senate in relation to
the unfinished business. Is there objection?
Ihe Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
COST OF PIG-IRON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business seems to be exhausted.
Mr. SCOTT. As I stated when my colleague
presented the petition of the manufacturers of
pig-iron of Pennsylvania, I now ask the con-
sent of the Senate to say what 1 would have
said had I been in my seat when the answer
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
came in to a similar petition some weeks ago.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 74.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks consent to speak upon the
answer of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue in regard to the cost of pig-iron, the
Senator not being in his seat at the time that
answer was received.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask if that report
has been printed ?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The Senator from Pennsylvania
will proceed.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, on the 14th
of January last I introduced a petition of, I
believe, some thirty-seven or thirty-eight firms,
manufacturers of pig-iron in Pennsylvania, rep-
resenting that they manufactured each year
about two hundred and seventy thousand tons
of that commodity. They prayed that an
inquiry might be made into the data and in-
formation upon which the SpeeialCommissioner
of the Revenue had made the statement in his
annual report as to the cost of producing pig-
iron in the valley of the Cumberland and in
the anthracite regions of Pennsylvania, and
further requested that inquiry should also be
made as to the truth of the statements which
they made in their petition. That petition
was presented, not in any desire to attack the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, but in
the honest desire that as to the difference of
opinion manifest between the report of the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue and the
statements of those gentlemen, who ought to
know the truth of what they state, the real
truth might be made to appear. For that pur-
pose the resolution of inquiry was offered.
I do not rise, Mr. President, for the purpose
of making any attack upon the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue. Wherever there is
an honest difference of opinion on any ques-
tion in the administration of the Government,
the better mode of settling it is by a candid
discussion of the difference itself. It was in
that spirit that this inquiry was made. It is in
1 that spirit that I desire to speak on the answer
' which the Special Commissioner has sent to
| the Senate. In doing so, it is not my inten-
; tion to go into a discussion of the difference
between the theories maintained by the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue and the iron
manufacturers of Pennsylvania upon the ques-
tion of protection and free trade ; but I desire
to confine myself specifically to the issue which
was made in the petition presented, and the
answer to it which has been sentto the Senate.
The interest which is represented in that
petition is a very large one, and I should feel
that I was derelict in my duty to the people,
not only of my own State, but to those who are
interested in the same industry in other States,
did I not take up and examine the data which
have been sent into this Senate as the basis of
the opinion which the Commissioner sent in,
in December, as to the cost of pig-iron. He
sends it in for the purpose of influencing
legislation. He asks legislation upon it. He
makes a specific recommendation as to the
reduction of the duty upon pig-iron, and he
having been heard first in his annual report,
and next in reply to the special inquiry made,
it is but right, it is but just, that an exam-
ination of the data upon which this recom-
mendation is based should be made, so that,
to some extent at least, what I believe to
be a misrepresentation of the facts in the case
may be made public.
Now, sir, when this inquiry was presented
from so many of those who are engaged in this
industry in Pennsylvania, I deemed it proper to
turn my attention to the law by which the office
of Special Commissioner of the Revenue was
created, and by which an adjunct to his office
was made in attachingto it the Bureau of Statis-
tics. Before I proceed to examine the state
ments made in his annual report, and in this
special answer, I will call attention briefly to
the law which created these two offices. The
act of July 13,1860, is the one which created
the office of Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue, and I will read from that act very briefly:
"That the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby
authorized to appoint an officer in liis Department
who shall be styled 'Special Commissioner of the
Rovenue,' whose office shall terminate in four years
from the 30th (lay of June, 1806."
And I may here remark that it is because
this is the last report which the Commissioner
will be permitted to make under the law that
he takes this time to make these recommend-
ations, and to send what I must call a Parthian
arrow at the manufacturing interests, not only
of Pennsylvania, but of many other States.
The act proceeds:
"It shall be the duty of the Special Commissioner
of tho Revenue to inquire into all the sources of
national revenue, and the best methods of collecting:
the revenue ; the relations of foreign trade to domes-
tic industry ; tho mutual adjustment of the systems
of taxation by customs and excise, with the view of
insuring the requisite revenue with the least dis-
turbance or inconvenience to tho progress of indus-
try and tho development of the resources of the
country."
There, sir, is the specific object of the crea-
tion of that office. He is to inquire into "the
mutual adjustment of the systems of taxation
by customs and excise, with the view of insur-
ing the requisite revenue with the least dis-
turbance or inconvenience to the progress of
industry and the development of the resources
of the country and further :
" To inquire from time to time, underthe direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, into the manner in
which officers charged with the administration and
collection of the revenues perform their duties; and
the said Special Commissioner of the Revenue shall
from time to time report, through the Secretary of
the Treasury, to Congress, either in the form of a bill
or otherwise, such modifications of the rates of tax-
ation or of the methods of collecting the revenues,
and such other facts pertaining to the trade, indus-
try, commerce, or taxation of tho country as ho may
find, by actual observation of the operation of the
law, to be conducive to the public interest."
It will thus be observed that with a view of
collecting the revenue with the least disturb-
ance to the business, aud with reference to the
development of the resources of the country,
he is to report facts to Congress. Sir, it is
singular that ever since this office has been
created we have had a great deal more of
theory in every annual report from it than we
have had of fact. Those of us who had heretofore
been accustomed to look to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the purpose of
finding specific recommendations as to internal
revenue and as to the customs duties now look
no longer in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, but turn to a subordinate appointed
by himself and find there the theories upon
which the industrial interests of the country
are to be regulated.
On the 28th of July, 1866, the Bureau of
Statistics was established; and I come now to
the purpose for which that was established,
because the resolution in answer to which this
report came in called for the information and
data on file in the Bureau of Statistics, and
under the control of the Special Commissioner
of the Revenue, for the purpose of finding on
what basis this estimate nad been made. The
law of 1866 provided—
" There shall be established in and attached to tho
Department of the Treasury a bureau to be styled
'the Bureau of Statistics;' and the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint a director
to superintend and conduct the business of said bu-
reau, who shall be paid an annual salary of $3,500."
Then the act imposes the duty upon the
head of the Bureau of Statistics of preparing
a report of statistics on commerce and naviga-
tion, and imposes a number of duties, all made
imperative, stating that " it shall be the duty
of the head of the Bureau" of Statistics to per-
form them. I come now to the specific duty
in which I am interested, in the discussion of
this question.
"It shall be tho further duty of said director to
collect, digest, and arrange for the use of Congress
the statistics of tho manufactures of the United
States, their localities, sources of paw material, mar-
kets, exchanges with the produoin# regions of tho
country, transportation of products, wages, and such
other conditions as are found to affect their pros-
perity; and to aid him in tho discharge of thesa
