1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10
duties the several clerks now employed in the prep-
aration of statistics in the Treasury Department, or
any bureau thereof, may be plaoed under his super-
vision and direction."
That created the office of the Bareau of
Statistics. By anotlfer act of the 20th of July,
1808, this Bureau of Statistics was placed under
the control of the Special Commissioner of
the Ilevenue, and the chief clerk of the Bu-
reau of Statistics was made his deputy. Under
this first law we had a right to expect that
its main purpose would be carried out and
that the development of the resources of the
country Bhould be considered in adjusting the
internal revenue and the duties on imports.
Under the second act we had the right to ex-
pect that we would have collected and arranged
for the use of Congress the statistics of the
manufactures of the United States, their local-
ities, &c.
What have we received ? I do not place it
upon my own statement; I take the report of
the head of this Bureau of Statistics, and
although signed by his deputy, General Walker,
it is the report of the Special Commissioner of
the Revenue. And now, before coming to his
opinion, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the country to the manner in which
that duty, affecting the very interest with whose
prosperity he is charged, has been discharged.
All these duties were imperative. He was to
collect the statistics of commerce and naviga-
tion ; he was to furnish them to the country,
and in the same language he was to collect the
statistics in regard to manufactures. Now, that
I may do no injustice to the head of the bureau
or to his deputy, I. will read from the annual
report of the Bureau of Statistics made to this
Congress, as follows:
" The act approved July 28,1866, makes it the duty
of the head of this bareau to 'collect, digest, and
arrange for the use of Congress statistics of the manu-
factures o f tbe United States, their localities, sources
of raw material, markets, &c."—
Citing the law which I have read.
*' This duty, however, Ihave judged to be depend-
ent upon circumstances, and the law to be, to a con-
siderable extent, permissive rather than mandatory.
I cannot think that it was intended that the director
of the bureau, or the officer who by the aot of July
20,1868, succeeds to the charge, should persist in
efforts to secure such statistics after it had been fully
proved that the absence of any legal right to exact
information, and the general temper of the corpora-
tions and individuals who are expected voluntarily
to furnish the material of such statistics, render it
impossible to secure results worthy of publication.
This latter condition I found so distinctly existing
as to justify the temporary cessation of efforts to
acoomplUh the intention of Congress in this respect."
Now, I ask the atteution of the country to
the following marvelous statement in what-
ever light it may be viewed, and I will view it
in both of those in which it may be considered:
"So little had the conduct of the bureau com-
manded the confidence of the business community
generally that not seven per cent, in number, nor
probably one per cent, if capital and production
were counted, of the manufacturers of the country
made any response to the calls for information by
which it was intended to enumerate the industry of.
the country in anticipation of the ninth census."
Here are duties one, two, three, four, five,
and six, all mandatory: " it shall be the duty"
of this officer to collect these statistics and send
them to the country. But when it comes down
to the vital statistics of the manufactures of the
country, we have set up in the office of the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, in the
office of a subordinate of the Secretary of the
Treasury, a dispensing, a suspending power,
telling us, "I will perform five of these duties,
and the sixth I will leave unperformed, because
I do not think it advisable at this time to try
it." It may be said in reference to this con-
fession that the bureau had lost the confidence
of the business community, that it refers to the
administration of the predecessor of this dep-
uty- I do not mean to treat him uncandidly;
either horn of the dilemma, the Bnreau
ot Statistics has so lost the confidence of the
people that not one in seven in number and
not one per c%nt. in value of all the manufac-
turers will place their information under his
control. It has so far either lost their confi-
dence in consequence of the action of his pre-
decessor, or else because his predecessor lost
the confidence of the community he will not
try to gain it, and will disregard his duty under
the law altogether, and then his chief will come
before the country with estimates made as to
the cost of the article, made by the very man-
ufacturers whose confidence he has lost and
whose statistics are not in his possession!
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
the Senator from Pennsylvania is aware that
this is the only officer of the kind we have
ever had. The same man who was appointed
first is now there.
! Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is that we had
I a gentleman named Delmar, who was charged
; with the collection of the statistics of the coun-
■ try, and that General Walker succeeded him.
i I am speaking of the Bureau of Statistics.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I thought
| the Senator was speaking of the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue.
! Mr. SCOTT. The Special Commissioner of
i the Revenue is now by law also the head of
j the Bareau of Statistics. I am quoting now
from the report of the deputy special commis-
sioner, who is the actual head of the Bureau
of Statistics. I would say to the Senator from
; Vermont that I was not making my own state-
: ments in regard to it; I was quoting from
j his report as the head of the Bureau of Sta-
tistics.
Having now spoken with regard to the man-
ner in which the Bureau of Statistics has been
t managed, I come to the point which was in-
j volvea in the resolution of inquiry offered by
; me. Before doing that, however, permit me
I to say that there was enough in the conduct of
1 the Special Commissioner of the Revenue to
! start inquiryin the minds of the manufacturers
i about the special statements made in his annual
I reports from 1867 to 1869. In 1867 he made a
report, on pages 64 and 65 of which his views
were given with reference to the theory upon
which the Government ought to be adminis-
tered in regard to manufactures ; and I quote
his words on that occasion, that I may do him
no injustice. Speaking on the subject of rail-
way iron, one intimately connected with the
, subject of pig-iron, about which my constituents
; inquire, he said, on page 64 of his report for
, 1807:
! "In respect to railroad iron the commissioner
j won Id recommend that the existing tariff of seventy
cents per one hundred ponnds remain unchanged.
, Whilprecognizing, as acardtnal feature of American
1 legislation, the doctrine of protection to home in-
dustry, it is clear that this samo doctrine should be
made subord inate to the great fundamental principle
of ever? democratic form of government, namely,
that legislation should always be in the direction of
' the greatest good to the greatest number.'"
We have him in 1867 recognizing as a cardi-
nal doctrine that of protection to home indus-
try. In 1868 we find that some change has
come over the impression of the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue; for, according to my
recollection, he then begins to take the ground
that the theories of protection and of free trade
are entirely indifferent; that it matters not
which of them may be adopted in regard to the
affairs of the country; that its interests are
independent of legislation. After having rec-
ommended the tariff in 1867, in one short year
he brings himself to this conclusion, which I
read from his report of 1868:
"Thus, under the influence of an almost prohib-
itory tariff, the business of manufacturing pig-iron
enjoys a high degree of prosperity, and furnaces con-
tinue to bo multiplied; but if the community at large
has been compelled to pay an unnecessary profit of
frpm seven to tendollars perton on a present annual
product of one million five hundred thousand tons,
and has therefore been subjected during the past j |
year to a tax of from ten to fifteen million dollars, tho !
Erosperity of the pig-iron manufacture in Question J
as cost the country a great deal more than it is
worth." i
Notice now, that in this report of 1868 he
institutes a comparison between Welsh pig-
iron and American pig-iron, Welsh pig-iron
being almost unknown in our market, not
imported into this conntry in any considerable
extent. Scotch pig-iron is the largest import
and the one with which it would be proper to
make the comparison ; but he speaks in 1868
of this "prohibitory tariff," in the face of the
statistics coming from his own bureau. The
report of the deputy commissioner shows that
there were imported in 1868 $1,778,977 worth
of pig-iron; in 1869 $2,171,869 worth; and
that in the very year in which he speaks of its
being a prohibitory tariff. In 1868 there were
imported of bar-iron $2,906,231 worth, and
in 1869 $6,676,397. In 1868 of rails there
were imported $4,781,575 worth, and in 1869
$7,281,065; and all this with the same tariff
in operation that he spoke of in his report of
1868 as being prohibitory, and yet we find these
articles imported to the extent of millions of
dollars in value and the import annually in-
creasing.
These figures I have taken from his own
reports. Now, by referring to a report made
to the British House of Commons I find that
in reference to this specific article of pig-iron,
in 1867 Great Britain exported to the United
States 127,984 tons, and in 1868 96,073 tons,
and in 1869141,968 tons. For the eleven months
ending 30th November they exported to us of
rails in 1867176,215 tons; in 1868 278,096 tons;
and in 1869 311,097 tons.
Now, sir, the results of this tariff, called by
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue in
1868 a prohibitory tariff, are beginning to be
apparent. I have upon my desk a statement
that a manufacture of railway iron at Danville,
Pennsylvania, one of the largest in the Union,
has stopped for want of orders. I have here a
paper published at Johnstown, Pennsylvania,
where the largest manufacture of railway iron
in the United States exists, stating that the
raii-mill of that establishment had stopped for
want of orders. The effect of this tariff is
beginning to be apparent. Is it wonderful that
the iron manufacturers of Pennsylvania should
begin to direct an inquiry as to where the sta-
tistics had come from, when they find that the
man who recognized protection as a cardinal
doctrine in 1867 comes forward and upon page
181 of his report for the present year makes
this statement, in which he is his own accuser:
"And in respect to these investigations, com-
menced under the revenue commission in 1865 and
continued uninterruptedly to the present, the Com-
missioner claims thoprivilege to assert that he has en-
deavored faithfully and conscientiously to discharge
the duties of his office; has sought to know only the
truth, and to speak that only which has seemed to
him to be for the best interests of the whole country.
He is well aware that in expressing opinions and
recommendations which have been forced upon him
by conviction he has plaoed himself in antagonism
to many with whom he was formerly in close agree-
ment."
Thus we find the Commissioner himself
coming forward to vindicate himself to the
country for having assumed a position entirely
antagonistic to that which he occupied when
he first commenced making reports upon the
Department intrusted to him. Now I come
to the statement upon which the inquiry was
based. It is found on page 81 of the Special
Commissioner'8 report sent to Congress the
present year :
" The average expenditure requisite to produce a
ton of pig-iron in the United States at the present
time, including a liberal interest upon the capital
invested and a fair allowance- for repairs and inci-
dentals, may be fairly estimated at from twenty-four
to twenty-six dollars currency : and as confirmatory
of this estimate the Commissioner submits tho fol-
lowing evidence."
Now, I wish to call the attention of Sena-
tors to the evidence which is given in the report
itself, and to contrast it with that which is given
in the answer to my special resolution of in-
quiry, and if the two contrasted do not convict
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue of
being the worst kind of a special pleader, that
kind which gives a part of the facts and sup-
presses the remainder, I shall not ask the coun-
try to call him that. I leave him where his own
reports place him on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania will please suspend. The morn-
