3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
refunded of the " three months' pay proper "
paid to him under the act of March 8, 1866,
deducting therefrom all pay he may have re-
ceived from the Government as an enlisted man
for that period. _ 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any report in
that case?
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Senator from
North Carolina who reported it [Mr. Abbott]
can explain it in a moment, I do not under-
stand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the report be read.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no written report.
What are the facts?
Mr. ABBOTT. The facts are just like those
of many other cases I have reported, where a
man received a commission and failed to get
mustered in, but actually performed the duties.
I thought it was not necessary to prepare re-
ports in those cases. They are exactly alike.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the amount he
will receive? ■
Mr. ABBOTT. I forget the exact amount.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not stated in the
bill.
Mr. ABBOTT. Let the bill be read again.
The bill was read.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is to allow the difference
betweeu thepay ofaprivateandofalieutenant.
Mr. FENTON. I do not remember distinctly
the facts of the case, but I know young Went-
worth very well, and know that he is a most
deserving young man, and I suppose the claim
is well founded. I recollect his relating to me
something of the case, and I thought remark-
ably well of it. I did not think there was any-
thing unusual, and especially nothingnnjust, in
the claim.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from New
York or the Senator from North Carolina state
why he was not mustered into the service?
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not recollect exactly.
I simply recollect that I examined the case and
made up my mind as to the facts, and then
made the report. There are various reasons :
why a man was not mustered in. I suppose by
looking over those papers I could ascertain at
once and inform the Senator why he was not
mustered in.
Mr. HOWE. I asked the question because
a great many of these cases have been before the ,
Committee on Claims, and we have repeatedly,
if not usually, found that the reason why par-
ties were not mustered in was because there
was no place to muster them in. They were
supernumeraries, lieutenants commissioned in
companies which were full.
Mr. ABBOTT. That did sometimes occur.
In one single case that I have examined, that
occurred; I believe that is the only case where
there was no vacancy. In the others the com-
panies were down below the minimum. That
case I reported favorably and it has passed
the Senate, because the man did actually per-
form the duties and ought to be paid.
Mr. HOWE. How could he perform the
duties, when there was no sach place the duties
of which were to be performed ? 1
Mr. ABBOTT. The other man was on de-
tached duty, or something of that kind, and he
actually performed the duties. I wish to say
in regard to these cases that I have examined
every one of them with care and made up my
own mind in regard to them, or else I should
not have reported them. I think if any Senator
will give the same examination to them that I
have he will be likely to arrive at the same
conclusion, if he adopts the principle that when
a man actually received his commission, al- !
though he was not mustered in, if he performed
the duties he ought to have the pay. If you
adopt that principle I think you will arrive at
exactly the same conclusion in regard to the
facts '.hat I did.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will see that in
that way it would be very easy to pay a whole
regiment of privates the pay of lieutenants,
if not of colonels, because it is very easy to
detach or detail men to extraduty; and the mo-
ment your Governor gives a private acommis-
sion, then the superior officer has only to detail
him on some other duty and the Governor issues
another commission, so that if he is pleased to
furnish a basket fall of blank commissions they
can all be distributed with the regiment, and
then if Congress will pass special bills for the j
pay of each man the thing is complete. |
Mr. ABBOTT. But in point of fact no such I
thing as that ever occurred. j
Mr. HOWE. I guess not.
Mr. ABBOTT. It was difficult enough to
get commissions, as I recollect. I do not think
there were any commissions sent out by the
bushel-basket to any privates in regiments.
Mr. HOWE. I am satisfied not.
Mr. ABBOTT. This is what I say : if you
adopt the principle that when a commission
has been issued to a man, and the man has
actually performed the duties of that office, he
should be paid. The reports in these cases are
all equitable and just and correct; because they
are all exactly cases of that kind.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President; but I
say, on the contrary, that the law provided but
one captain for a company, and we have no
right to pay any more than one captain for a
company. If the commanding officer of a regi-
ment thinks he can employ that captain ou
some service more advantageously to the coun-
try than to let him lead his company, he can
detail him to that extra servibe; but while he
holds the commission of captain nobody else
ought to receive that pay.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is not the case.
Mr. HOWE. But it is this very case which
the Senator suys they provide for paying; only
it is the case of a lieutenant instead of a captain.
Mr. ABBOTT. No; I did not say this was
a case of that kind. I said I did so report in
one case; and I will state it again.
Mr. HOWE. That is unnecessary, perhaps,
if I can only ascertain what was the reason why
this man was not mustered.
Mr. ABBOTT. I say I do not recollect why
this man was not mustered. I can ascertain
very speedily by looking at the papers.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps the bill had better be
laid aside until the Senator ascertains.
Mr. ABBOTT. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid over for the present.
Mr. FENTON. Is it objected to ?
Mr. HOWE. It is just laid over for the
present until the Senator from North Carolina
can examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to and laid over for examination.
WILLIAM A. RUCKEK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1101) for the relief of William A.
ltucker.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that is a
precisely similar bill to the last one. Let
them both lie over until the Senator from
North Carolina has an opportunity to look into
them.
j Mr. ANTHONY. Is there a report ?
Mr. ABBOTT. I made no written report
in the case. The facts are the same in both
cases. In some of these cases, where there
was any doubt as to the facts, I made a report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill had better be
passed over until the Senator has an oppor-
tunity to examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
i captain j. m. keeler.
I The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 355) for the relief of Captain J. M.
Keeler, late provost marshal for the State of
| Oregon ; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Quartermas-
ter General to adjust and allow the claim of
[ Captain J. M. Keeler, late provost marshal for
i the State of Oregon, for expenses incurred for
i transportation from New York city to Salem,
i Oregon, in the summer of 1868, while in the
performance of his duties; but the sum allowed
is not to exceed $500.
Mr. ABBOTT. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have personal knowl-
edge of the facts in this case. 1 will sin;ply
state that Captain Keeler was on duty in Vir-
ginia, and was ordered to go to Oregon and
take command there as provost marshal, and
the Department refused to pay him transport-
ation. He was compelled to pay his own
expenses in going to Oregon for the perform-
ance of official duty. I have made personal
application on behalf of Captain Keeler to the
Department for this transportation, and they
declined to pay it for some reason or other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was he in the military
service?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; a captain in
the military service.
Mr. TtiUMBULL. And ordered to go to
Oregon, and they refused to pay him trans-
portation ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Those are the facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There must be some
explanation, I imagine, about that.
Mr. HOWARD. There is a report in the
case, which had better be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot see upon what
principle the Department would send one of
its officers from one part of the country to
another and not pay his transportation.
Mr. ABBOTT. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Abbott, on the 29th of March
last, from the Committee on Military Affairs :
It appears that J. M. Keeler was, on the 22d of
May, 1863, serving asfirst lieutenant, fifth New York
cavalry; that on that date he was appointed provost
marshal for the State of Oregon; that on the next
1 day, May 23, ho resigned his commission, and pro-
ceeded to Oregon, under orders dated "War Depart-
ment, May 22, 1863," and signed by "Edwin M.
Stanton, Secretary of War;" that he left New York
June 13,1863, and arrived at Salem, Oregon, August
1, 1863, where he entered upon and performed his
duties as provost marshal. That on making appli-
cation for transportation to Oregon he was informed
by the officer authorized to issue transportation that
i no provision had as yet been made for such cases,
I and that he consequently paid the transportation of
I himself, servant, and equipage, amounting to $500.
The facts of his (Keeler) holding the commission in
the fifth New York cavalry, of his resigning, and of
his appointment as provost marshal of Oregon, are
sustained by official documents. The statement in
regard to transportation and its expense is only sup-
ported by Keeler's statement.
In consequence of the apparent good character of
the claimant, removing doubt as to the truth of his
statement, the committee report the bill back with
the recommendation that it pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very different
case from what I understood. As it now turns
out, this is the case of a lieutenant in the mili-
tary service in the State of Virginia who resigns
his office as a lieutenant and is appointed—
or before he resigns he is appointed, I do not
know which—provost marshal of Oregon. He
leaves the military service in order to accept
. another office in a distant State. Then the
question is whether the Government of the
United States is to pay his transportation.
That involves a very different principle from
paying the transportation of an officer. He
did not go in the capacity of an officer, nor
was he in the military service when he went
from Virginia to Oregon. Not being in the
i military service, upon what principle can he
be paid?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I never understood that
he had resigned his commission. I under-
stood that he was appointed provost marshal,
and ordered to go to Oregon and discharge the
duties of that office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report says that he
resigned his commission in the Army.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see the report states
that to be the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL." That changes the case
entirely.
| Mr. POMEROY. The officers who were
appointed in the military service were required
to obey their first order without pay. After
! they arrived at the place at which they were to
