4002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 2,
And after referring to other parts of his-work,
he continues :
"It has been demonstrated that no advantages
can be obtained either by diverting tributaries or
constructing reservoirs, and that the plans of cut-
offs and of new and enlarged outlets to the uult
are too costly and too dangerous to be attempted.
The plan of levees, onthecontrary, which has always
recommended itself by its simplicity and its direct
repayment of the investment, may be relied upon
for protecting the alluvial lands liable to inundation
below Cape Girardeau. The work, it is true, will be
expensive and costly, and will exact much more
unity of action than has thus far been obtained."
This conclusion is the result of eight years'
examination of that river and its tributaries,
and wholly agrees -with the views of the most
competent and practical men in the lower Mis-
sissippi region.
I have endeavored to show the peculiar risk
and danger to which the owners and settlers
on these alluvial lands are subject, the mighty
power and wide sweep of our floods, the vital
necessity of adequate protection from them,
the immense addition to our national wealth
and influence which would follow and result
from a perfected and permanent levee system,
the truly national position and character of
the Mississippi as a great highway of com-
merce, the national character, resulting there-
from, of a levee system, and the necessity of
Government action to insure and maintain
that unity of plan and management which
alone can give success and security. I believe
the facts presented are confirmations of these
views, and are beyond refutation. And now
comes the question of means needed, and of
method and system whereby the past imper-
fection and waste of labor may be avoided,
and success be sure and solid.
As to cost, the estimate of General Hum-
phreys is that $30,000,000 will complete the
work along the Mississippi, using the available
portions of the present levees. This estimate
is too close to be safe, as the costs of equip-
ment and ot' leyees on tributary streams and
bayous to make the system perfect are not
included therein. Wishing to state a sum fully
adequate to the work I accept the estimate of
the Louisville convention, and put the whole
cost at $50,000,000. This sum is small, com-
pared with the great results to be gained, and
Congress, acting for the nation, might well
appropriate the whole amount to be expended
under Government care and direction, and
such appropriation would be wisdom and econ-
omy compared to some others that are made
year after year.
An incorporated company could receive Gov-
ernment aid and guarantee for the efforts and
investments of private capitalists, and of the
land owners along the lower Mississippi who
would take interest and give aid. The oper-
ations of such a company would be united and
comprehensive, and would put an end "to that
tampering of States and individuals with this
great national highway which has been so futile
in the past. By such a course the Pacific rail-
road has been built and the development of
the far West helped; but this is to be far greater
in results than that transcontinental road.
In November last the Mississippi Valley
Levee Company was organized in Louisiana,
with its headquarters in New Orleans, and with
some of our best citizens among its leading
officers and members. This company, as its
name implies, aims to cover the whole ground,
to gather its members from all the States along
the lower Mississippi and from other parts of
the country, to ask guarantees and cooperation
from the Federal Government and from State
governments as well, and to levy taxes from
the owners and occupants of the rich lands
reclaimed or liable to overflow. The charter
of this company is well worthy the careful
examination of every Senator, and the charac-
ter and ability of its leading managers will com-
mand respect. I ask that this vitally important
national question be no longer delayed, but
that an appropriate committee give it that early
and thorough attention of which it is worthy,
and which the hourly peril of life and property
over a region of thirty-two thousand square
miles in extent earnestly demands. The reports
to which I have referred and the charter of
this new company can be laid before such com-
mittee, and other and later information can be
had, and it is greatly to be desired that careful
preliminary surveys of Government engineers
may begin soon, and that the nation may give
such aid as shall make this perfecting and per-
manence of the levees an accomplished fact
at an early day. That aid, I believe, could be
wisely given by a guarantee of the bonds of
the Mississippi Valley Levee Company, or by
such cooperation with its efforts and_ plans as
may be deemed best .after suitable investiga-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion .is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I have taken consider-
able interest in this question of the levees ; but
I think it is hardly a matter for the Committee
on Commerce to consider. There ought either
to be a special committee on the subject, or it
should be referred to the Committee on Finance,
who have once reported upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have charge of the subject now.
Mr. POMEROY". They have once reported
on it and have charge of the subject now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to have
it referred there, though.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think myself there ought
to be a special committee on this subject. It
is a subject of immense importance, and we
ought to have a report on it that would carry
the Senate and the House and the country for
the .measure. I do not wish to move for a
special committee, however, because that would
seem to be 
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me, there is an immense mass of papers relat-
ing to this subject before the Committee on
Commerce. The Committee on Commerce
have had the subjcct up before them at several
meetings, and I think they are the appropriate
committee to consider the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. It is now before the Com-
mittee on Finance. I do not care if both com-
mittees report upon it; but my opinion is that
if you divide this labor between two commit-
tees you will get no report and no action upon
the subject.
Mr. SPENCER. I presume the Committee
on Commerce will make a report upon the
subject.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is a mem-
ber of that committee, and if he knows that
they will report upon it I shall not make the
motion that I had intended to make.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution of
Mr. Harris.
Mr. KELLOGG. The subject is before the
Committeeon Commerce, and has been referred
to a sub-committee consisting of the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] and my-
self. I hope the resolution will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution of the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Harris.]
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS subsequently said: This morn-
ing while I was absent for a moment the res-
olution which I offered in relation to the levees
on the Mississippi river was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. I desire to submit
a motion that that committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
order oi? business.
Mr. SAWYER. Is the morning business
closed?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour will be closed in about one minute>
Mr. STEWART. I should like to offer a
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the next busi-
ness in order?
Mr. MORRILIr, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to allow me to call
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator insists upon
the appropriation bill, after I have made some
remarks occupying two or three minutes I will
yield.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
may make his remarks after I call up the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to have the priv-
ilege of calling attention to a bill which I desire
to get the action of the Senate upon to-day. I
wish the privilege, at any rate, of saying a very
few words upon the necessity of passing that
bill now. I have been trying for a long time
to get the privilege of saying that, and I trust
the Senate will indulge me in doing it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, sir, I will
hear the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Nevada to offer a
resolution which is in the nature of an objection.
Mr. STEWART. It may lie over until the
Senator from South Carolina can make his
remarks.
Mr. SAWYER. My object in rising is to
ask the indulgence of the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 252, and I wish to state what
that bill is. I shall not be more than three
minutes in doing it. It is a bill to secure five
thousand people in the State of South Carolina
in their homes. They are now subject to all
sorts of litigation in consequence of the inac-
tion of Congress in this matter. It is a bill
which has been reported from the Committee
on Public Lands during the last Congress and
in this Congress. It is the only bill affecting
peculiarly the local interests of the State which
I represent which has been presented to the
Senate since I have been a member of it, now
a period of nearly two years. I have been
struggling all this winter to get it acted upon.
If the Senate do not choose to pass the bill,
well and good; but I have resorted to all sorts
of expedients that were honorable to try and
get the attention of the Senate to it, and I ask
that one hour to-day be given to that bill. The
appropriation bills are sure to be passed 
franking privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina will suspend his re-
marks. The hour of one o'clock having arrived,
it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the
special order, which is the bill (H. R. No. 986)
to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that that bill be
postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that it
be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be put at the foot
of the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this bill be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not dispose of it
now ?
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that I throw
myself upon the indulgence of the Senate. I
wish to be heard upon that question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Debate is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in onr way every
day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
placed at the foot of the Calendar of special
orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves that the bill be placed
at the foot of the Calendar of special orders,
which takes precedence of the motion to pass
over.
