1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
ing hour having expired, the naval deficiency
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. MOliRILL, ot Maine. With the con-
sent of the Senate, I ask that that be laid aside
informally to accommodate the Senator from :
Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine consents that it shall be informally
pa^ed over. Is there objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not design object-
ing to the remarks of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania being concluded ; but I wish to give
notice that as soon as he is through I shall
ask the Senate to take up the bill for the recog-
nition of the State of Mississippi.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Pennsylvania will
proceed until a demand be made for the reg- :
ular order.
Mr. SCOTT. The first statement is : "ma
letter under date of September 2,1809, George
T. Lewis, of Clarksville, Tennessee, who is
indorsed as one of the most intelligent and
experienced manufacturers in the Southwest,
says, 'on the line of the Chattanooga and
Nashville railroad pig-iron can be made and
delivered in Nashville at a cost of nineteen
dollars per ton, currency.' " I ask any candid
man in reading that statement in the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
would he not come to the conclusion that that
letter of Mr. Lewis was one addressed to the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue in an-
swer to interrogatories sent out by him in the
discharge of his duty ? Could anybody come to
any other conclusion ? Could he suppose that
an officer of the Government would give his
sanction to any data which were to affect the
interest of a great industry of the country upon
anything less than his own personal knowledge
of the truth of ihem? But yet, sir, when we
come to his answer, sent in to the inquiry which
was made of him, instead of findiug additional
evidence, we find this same letter Quoted as the
first authority upon which his conclusion was
based; and yet he reports there that the letter
is a letter which was published in the Pottsville
(Pennsylvania) Mining Journal, dated Septem-
ber 2, 1869, and written by Mr. George T. Lewis,
of Clarksville, Tennessee.
So much for the candor of the report, a re-
port going out from this officer of the Govern-
ment stating that in a letter written by this
gentleman he had stated these statistics of
producing iron; and when he is called upon
for the specific information it turns out that
what he quotes is an extract from a paper, a
very respectable one I admit, published in one
of the counties of Pennsylvania. ■ And now I
go on with the authorities before I come to
say how much of authority they are, for I have
taken some little trouble to inquire into the
reliability of the authorities upon which the
Commissioner has based this conclusion. The
next that he cites is:
"At Carondelet, Missouri, Mr. S. Waterhouse, of
St. Louis, in a letter under date of February 20,1869,
states the cost of making pig-iron, including an
allowance of $1 50 per ton for interest, taxes, and
insurance, at twenty-five dollars currency per ton;
and adds, 'this is not an estimate, but an exhibit
copied from the books of the company.'"
There is a quotation from Professor Water-
house ; and would not any one say, " This is an
answer to a call sent out by the Commissioner
of the Revenue or Bureau of Statistics for
the purpose of obtaining information on this
head?" and yet, when we come to the special
answer sent in, we find that instead of its being
an answer to his inquiry it is a quotation from
a pamphlet published for the purpose of at-
tracting capital to St. Louis by showing that
it is a place where iron can be made cheaply.
If it had been correctly quoted, then there
might have been less to be said about it; but I
propose to show, before I am done with this,
that instead of correctly quoting Professor
Waterhouse, who is not an iron manufacturer,
hut a very respectable gentleman engaged in
collecting statistics for the interests of that city,
Commissioner Wells omits the very vital point
of a portion of the estimate that he makes,
and absolutely mutilates that record and does
injustice to Professor Waterhouse.
I have said that the quotation ceased with
the word " company." Then, after giving the
distance of Carondelet from St. Louis, the
Commissioner proceeds without quoting :
"An estimate furnished by one of the largest iron-
works at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, gives $27 I'S as
the cost per ton when oro of sixty-six per cent, is
used, and an allowance rnado of eighty cents per
ton for interest and twenty-fivo cents per ton tor j
repairs and incidentals." I
1 That is put in as the statement of the Com-
missioner. That is a quotation, although it is
not so marked here, verbatim from the pam-
phlet of Professor Waterhouse, which I have
on my desk. Although Professor Waterhouse
does say that pig-iron can be made for $27 98
at Pittsburg, there are two lines of his esti-
mate which are left out, which say that where
the ore is not sixty-six but fifty-seven per
cent, you have to add what brings it up to
thirty dollars per ton. Aud this is from an
officer of the Government seeking to establish
the data upon which the legislation of the
country may be founded ! Is he not the special
advocate of somebody, or hostile to the inter-
est which he is seeking to affect? Is he dealing
in a spirit of candid inquiry when he gives in
his report, as his own estimate, that which is
quoted from the pamphlet of Professor Water-
house, leaving out one of the vital portions of
the estimate?
1 But I proceed with the quotation in the
original report before him and to the answer:
"In the valley of the Cumberland, and in the an-
thracite districts of Pennsylvania, and at Scranton,
1 the Commissioner is informed by those conversant
with the business that the average cost of manufac-
ture in the case of furnaces favorably situated, under
good management, and with coal at ordinary prices,
is not in excess of from twenty-four to twenty-six
dollars per ton, and in some instances is much less
than this figure. These estimates, furthermore, it
should be observed, include a liberal interest on the
capital invested, which is turned on an average from
two to three times per annum."
i This was the specific subject of inquiry.
Now, the peculiarity of this special answer is
I that before touching the point of inquiry at
all, he first goes to the Cumberland ; he next
; goes to St. Louis; he next quotes from the
! regions about Youngstown, in Ohio, Pittsburg,
and Johnstown, in the bituminous regions,
where they manufacture iron with raw coal or
coke; and then, after giving these statistics and
mutilating them, he comes down to the anthra-
cite region of Pennsylvania.
Now, what are his authorities in regard to
the anthracite region of Pennsylvania? Whom
does he quote ? None in the original report;
but when he comes to the answer, what do we
find? Before proceeding to that, however, I
desire to state that the Commissioner intro-
duces here, for the purpose of raising an out-
side issue, statements made by Messrs. Brown,
Bonnell & Co., and by the Hiinrod Iron Com-
pany, of the bituminous regions of Ohio.
Although the inquiry asked him for the data
on file, upon which he makes his report in
December, 1869, he introduces these letters
bearing date one month after his report had
been sent in to Congress, for the purpose of
raising an outside issue with these gentlemen,
and not discussing at all the actual data upon
which his estimate had been based. I had
intended to analyze these statements; but I
find I am occupying much more of the time
of the Senate than I intended to do on this
question, and I forbear to do so now.
I now come to the authority which he quotes
for the purpose of establishing the cost of iron
in the anthracite region of Pennsylvania.
The nearest he gets to it is, first, a meeting
of the citizens of Albany held January 18,
1870, in which he quotes the statement of a
Mr. Sackett, who was endeavoring to induce a
subscription to stock in a company for the
manufacture of iron. Had I not had some
knowledge of Mr. Sackett I might not perhaps
have looked with so much suspicion on many
of these statistics. He is theorizing; Pro-
fessor Waterhouse is theorizing ; Mr. Lewis is
theorizing. I hold in my hand, but shall not
take up the time of the Senate in reading them,
letters from Tennessee, stating that Mr. Lewis
was not engaged in the manufacture of iron,
but that the letter referred to as an authority
upon which this data is based was a letter
advertising coal lands to be had in Tennessee
and showing how cheap iron could be made by
persons who would go there and buy.
At this meeting in Albany, however, Mr.
Sackett stated what could be done in the way
of producing iron in Albany. I wish to do no
injustice to that gentleman ; but he is brought
on the stand by Commissioner Wells. Many
of you may remember, in passing through the
tunuel which cuts through the summit of the
Alleghany mountains near Altoona, that your
attention has been attracted by a brilliant
blaze there upon the right hand of the road as
you go to the east. A furnace stands near it;
and if I could produce the prospectus which
Mr. Sackett gave to the gentlemen who em-
barked in that furnace before they purchased
it I have no doubt that the results would be
as roseate-hued as the blaze of the coke fires
that strike your vision as you emerge from the
darkness. They started out under his pros-
pectus, and two years ago they sold out at
fifty per cent, on the cost of putting it there,
illustrating the difference between the theorist
and the practical iron maker.
Now, sir, when the Commissioner comes
down to the anthracite region, he says lie has
" encountered peculiar difficulties during the
past year in obtaining such data as would
admit of the formation of an independent opin-
ion in respect to the cost of the manufacture
of pig-iron in the United States." Why has
he encountered difficulties ? I have given the
answer. Because the business community
found him unworthy of confidence ; because
his previous reports had closed the ears of
business men. I am authorized by many of
them to say, that when he first sent out his
interrogatories to them they were answered in
good faith, but when he came to use them they
were used just as he has used Professor Water-
house's pamphlet, quoting what suited him,
suppressing what was against his position, muti-
lating the very materials with which he was
supplied. That is the reason why he encoun-
tered this difficulty in obtaining statistics.
But, sir, it is remarkable that the authority
upon which he bases the statement made in his
annual report is that of "Abram S. Hewitt,
esq., the best recognized authority on the sub-
ject of the manufacture of iron in the United
States, late Commissioner of the United States
to the Paris Exposition." I have turned to
the quotation which is made from Hewitt's
pamphlet. Mr. Hewitt was making an inquiry
as to the element of labor in producing a ton
of pig-iron in England and in the Ujiited States,
and without considering other elements lie
arrives at the conclusion that a ton of pig-iron in
England represents about eleven days' labor,
while in America a ton of pig-iron represents
thirteen days' labor, showing, by reducing it
to figures, that the laborer in Europe is paid
ninety cents a day and the laborer at pig-iron
in America $1 80. Then going on and show-
ing that it is the element of labor in pig-iron
that makes the difference between its cost in
England and here, he arrives at the conclusion
in that report that the iron laid down in New
York from England will cost forty dollars while
American iron will cost sixty dollars. Here,
again, is a perversion. Mr. Hewitt is consid-
ering the cost of pig-iron as regards the element
of labor.
I could proceed further, and quote two let-
ters published in the New York Tribune a few
days ago, one from Jay Gould to Mr. Hewitt,
