1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3059
discharge dutr, and entered on the discharge
of their duties, if they received any order re-
moving them they were paid transportation ;
but every person had to obey his first order
without transportation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This man was not in
the serviec.
Mr. POMEROY. He bad to report to the
place where he was to discharge duty first.
Mr. WILLIAMS. According to this report,
" It appears that J. M. Keeler was, on the 22d of
May, 1S63, serviDg as first lieutenant, fifth Now York
cavalry; that on that date hewas appointed provost
marshal for the State of Oregon; that on the next
day. May 23, he resigned his commission and pro-
ceeded to Oregon, under orders dated ' War Depart-
ment. May 221,18G3,' and signed by ' Edwin SI. Stan-
ton, Secretary of War.'"
Mr. HOWARD. What is the date of the
resignation ? _ •
Mr. WILLIAMS. He resigned after hewas
appointed provost marshal.
Mr. POMEROY. He resigned to enable
him to accept the other office.
Mr. HOWARD. He resigned on a partic-
ular day, and proceeded to Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. He was appointed pro-
yost marshal on the 22d day of May, 1863, and
on the 23d he resigned his commission and
proceeded to Oregon, under orders dated War
Department May 22, 1863, and signed by Ed-
win M. Stanton, Secretary of War. It seems
that when he received bis orders he resigned
at the same time; the two acts were simultane-
ous; and he entered upon and performed the
duties of provost marshal. Upon that state of
facts the question will be as to whether or not,
when he was appointed provost marshal for the
State of Oregon, and went there under orders,
he ought to pay his own transportation ingoing
from Washington to Oregon iff that capacity.
It certainly was a very expensive trip to make;
and I submit, if he was appointed provost mar-
shal while he was a lieutenant in the Army,
and ordered to go to Oregon, whether he was
not bound to go in obedience to those orders ?
Could he refuse? It appears that the order
was made upon him. He was appointed while
he was lieutenant, and he was ordered to go
while he was lieutenant, at the same time that
he resigned iiis commission.
Mr. HO WE. Ordered on the 26th ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; the report states
that "on the next day, May 23, he resigned his
commission and proceeded to Oregon, under
orders dated ' War Department, May 22,
1863.'" '
Mr. HOWE. I understood it was on the
26th.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So that the order was
given before his resignation. I do not under-
stand the military regulations. Perhaps it was
necessary that he should resign his position as
lieutenant in order to go there and obey that
order. But certainly he was acting in a mili-
tary capacity, and acting under orders of the
War Department, and acting in conformity to
his duty as an officer of the Army in going
there. It seems to me the Government ought
to pay bis expenses.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The provost marshal
was not necessarily an Army officer; and it
was his choice to accept the appointment or
not. A lieutenant in the Army appointed pro-
▼ost marshal of any district might resign his
office of lieutenant. When he so resigned, and
was ordered to a different post, he was like a
man who was commissioned in the Array and
ordered to join a regiment which was stationed
in Virginia or in Mississippi. Under the prac-
tice^ of the Army such an officer was not paid
until he reached his regiment and was mus-
tered into the service. No pay was allowed
him before that time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. I certainly do not think we
ought to pass this bill. There is no reason why
the Government 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects the bill will be passed over.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not object to voting
on the bill, and I do not want to debate it.
But there is no more reason why we should
pay this man for going to Oregon to accept
this office of provost marshal than we should
pay him for going there to accept the office of
secretary of a Territory or collector of internal
revenue, or any other office. He held a com-
mission in the Army which entitled him to
certain pay. He would rather have this office.
It paid better. It was an act of grace to relieve
him from his service in the Array and to confer
upon him this office which gave him better
pay. He could well afford to travel at his own
expense. It seems to ine it would be a demor-
alizing precedent for us to set to undertake to
pay such claims. If the Senate is content to
do it and to follow the precedent and treat
everybody alike, I have no more right to com-
plain thau any one else ; but I know the Sen-
ate will not treat everybody on that principle.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not understand this
bill and the explanation given by the report.
I had some experience with regard to these
matters during the war, and it certainly was
not necessary for an officer of the Array to
resign in order to accept the office of provost
marshal. That was part of the duty of officers
of the Army. In my State we had four or five
different officers of the Army succeeding each
other as provost marshals. They still retained
their commissions in the Army. They were
not required to resign. I do not understand
why it is thrown out here that this gentleman
j resigned in order to secure him pay for trans-
portation. If he resigned, that would be a
reason to my mind why he should not be paid.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will say to the Senator
that I did not argue in the report the question
whether he could still have retained his com-
mission or not. I simply stated the fact that
he did, on being appointed provost marshal of
Oregon, resign his position in the Army. We
all know that he might have got leave of ab-
sence from his command, but that would not
have left a vacancy in the regiment; and no
colonel commanding a regiment would allow
an officer leave of absence in that way if he
were good for anything, and that was un-
doubtedly the cause of this man's resigning.*
He was appointed provost marshal of Oregon,
and most likely his colonel said to him, "If
you accept this office I want you to resign your
commission in the regiment." It seems to me
there can be no question about paying an offi-
cer for traveling that distance. I do not recol-
lect myself what the pay of a provost marshal
would have been.
Mr. POMEROY. The same as a captain
of cavalry.
Mr. ABBOTT. My idea is that it will be
found on examination that the custom was
uniform during the war to pay provost marshals
when they were traveling in that way. Per-
haps the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] recollects what the custom of the j
Department was at that time. I
Mr. CAMERON. I recollect that it was '
entirely against the impression of the Senator. |
I take it for granted from the statement here j
that this captain was desirous of going into a j
new country and starting his fortunes there, i
and asked to be appointed provost marshal, j
and in consequence had to resign his position j
in the Army. If the Secretary of War had
thought proper to order him from his duty in
the line, and send him to Oregon as provost
marshal, his pay would have been given to hiin, j
as a matter of course. If he had kept his
commission in the Army and been ordered :
on this service he would have got pay; but |
the moment he resigned he lost all right to
compensation. He was then, as I understand
it, upon the footing of any other citizen in the
East who receives an office, the duties of which
are to be performed beyond the mountains.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply say that
Captain Keeler came out to Oregon in his mil-
itary capacity, and whan he was through with
his duties as provost marshal lie returned, and
is now in New York city. He is not in Ore-
gon. I think the Senator from Pennsylvania
is mistaken in supposing that it was his desire
I to emigrate to a new country. I do not know
; what his motives were, however, and 1 do not
' suppose they are at ail material so far as liiis
matter is concerned. If he had been ordered
while acting as lieutenant to go to Oregon as
provost marshal he was bound to go, I sup-
pose.
Mr. CAMERON. Not at all.
; Mr. WILLIAMS. Could not the War De-
' partment order an officer upon such duty ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly; but that
was not this case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; that is another
question. I say that when an officer was in
the discharge of his duty as an officer in the
Army, and was ordered by the War Depart-
ment to a certain place to perform the duties
of a provost marshal, he was bound to obey
that order as much as any other order issuing
from the War Department. If he had gone
out there as a lieutenant holding his commis-
sion in the Army, and had performed these
duties, he would have received his pay as pro-
vost marshal, and also received his transport-
ation, if he had acted in conformity to that
order,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that he
would have received pay as provost marshal;
I presume not. If a lieutenant had been de-
tailed to perform provost marshal duty he would
only get the pav of a lieutenant.
Mr. CAMERON. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very reason why
he resigned was to get the additional pay of a
captain of cavalry.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me very sin-
gular that a gentleman holding a commission
in the Army and about to be assigned to a duty
which was in consonance with his office should
resign that office in order to perform the duties,
and then come here and claim pay for trans-
portation to a far distant part of the country.
If he had remained in the Army as a lieuten-
ant he would certainly have received trans-
portation in the usual form as an Army officer.
There must have been some cause which does
not appear here to induce him to resign. He
certainly is not entitled to this pay, according
to my understanding, unless there is some-
thing else which does not appear on the facts
of the case.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. This case is pre-
cisely like ten thousand others. A lieutenant
in one regiment or one company is promoted to
the colonelcy of another regiment. That regi-
ment may be in another army corps a thousand
miles distant. He is not obliged to accept the
colonelcy, but before he does it he must resign
his lieutenancy. When he resigns his lieu-
tenancy his pay ceases. He is ordered to
report to the proper place for muster, and to
take his position and perform his duties as col-
onel. He must reach that place without trans-
portation at the cost of the Government; nor
does his pay as a lieutenant continue, nor does
it commence as colonel, until he takes his place
and is mustered in. This is a parallel case, in
my judgment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to Jay it on the
table.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would sooner take a
vote on the passage of the bill than do that.
I should like to examine the fact as to his
resignation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us lay it on the
table, and then the Senator can examine it,
and if he thinks it is a good case he can bring
it np afterward. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
