1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4947
Pennsylvania, Mr. Randall. If he were here
he would vote " ay,J' while I should vote "no."
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, Mr. Stough-
ton, is absent on accoftnt of dangerous sick-
ness. If he were here he would vote " ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken j and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
inspection op imports.
• Mr. FINKELNBURG-, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 1538) to regulate the appraisement and
inspection of imports in certain cases, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read, as follows:
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Bepresenta-
tivesoftke United States of America in Congress asncm-
bled, That whenever any merchandise, oxeept wine,
distilled spirits, and perishable or explosive articles,
or articles in bulk, imported at tho ports of New
Ycrk, in the State of New York; Philadelphia, in
the State of Pennsylvania; Boston, in the State of
Massachusetts; Baltimore, inthoStateof Maryland;
Portland, in the State of Maine; Port Huron, in tho
State of Michigan; and Now Orleans, in the State
of Louisiana, shall appear by the invoice or bill of
Jading and by the manifest to be consigned to and
destined for either of the ports specified in section
eight of this act, tho collector at the port of arrival
shall permit the owner, agent, or consignee to make
entry thereof for warehouse and immediate trans-
portation in triplicate, setting forth the particulars
in such entry and the route by which such goods aro
to be forwarded, whether by land or water. The
entry having been compared with the invoice and
duly sworn to and the duties estimated on the valuo
and quantity of tho invoice, and on the execution
of a bond, as hereinafter provided, the collector shall
deliver tho same to be immediately transported to
such port of destination at the sole cost and risk of
such owner, agent, or consignee. And such merchan-
dise so entered for immediate transportation shall
not be subject to appraisement and liquidation of
duties at the port of first arrival aforesaid, but shall
undergo such examination as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall deom nece&bary to verify the invoice
and entry, and the same examination and appraise-
ment thereof shall bo required and had at the said
port of destination as would have been required at
the port of original importation if such merchandise
had been entered for consumption or warehouse at
such port.
Sec< 2. And be it further enacted, That the bond re-
quired by tne foregoing section shall bo in a penal
sum at least double the invoice valuo of the mer-
chandise, with the duties added, and in such form
and with such number of sureties (not less than two)
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and the said sureties shall justify, by affidavit
taken before the collector of customs and attached
to the said bond, in an amount at least-double the
penalty of the bond, and the said collector shall cer-
tify to their sufficiency; and the said bond maybe
executed at the port of final destination, and trans-
mitted to the collector at tho port ot first arrival, as
provided by tho act of March 2,1831.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That merchandise
so entered for transportation shall be delivered to,
and transported by, common carriers, to be desig-
nated for this purpose by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and to or by none others; and such companies
shall be responsible to tho United States as common
carriers for the safe delivery of such merchandise to
the collector at the port of its destination; and before
any such company shall be permitted to receive and
transport any such merchandise, it shall become
bound to the United States in bonds of such form
and amount, and with such conditions (not incon-
sistent with law) and such security as tho Secretary
of the Treasury shall require.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That merchandise
transported under the provisions of this act shall be
convoyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles securely fas-
tened with locks or seals, underthe exclusive control
of tho officers of customs, and inspectors shall be
stationed at proper points along the designated
routes, or upon any car, vessel, vehicle, or train, at
the discretion of the said Secretary and at the ex-
pense of tho said companies respectively; and such
merchandise shall not bo unladen or transhipped
between the ports of first arrival and final destina-
tion, unless absolutely accessary on account of a dif-
ference of railroad gauge, or unavoidable accident,
and never without the personal supervision of an
officer of customs; and it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of tho Treasury, if practicable, to avoid
designating any route upon which a difference of
gauge or other cause will render pe-jo. a transfer a
habitual necessity. , ,
Sec. 5. And be itfwihc* enacted, That merchandise
so destined for immediate transportation as afore-
said, except packages designated for examination,
shall be transferred, under proper supervision, di-
rectly from the importing vessel to the cars, vessels,
or vehicles in which the samo is to be transported to
its final destination; and if transferred from the im-
porting vessel to an* bonded or other warehouse, or
to any other place than such car, vessel, or vehicle,
it shall be taken possession of by the collector as un-
claimed, and deposited in public store, and shall not
be removed from such store without entry and ap-
praisement as in ordinary cases; but the Secretary
of the Treasury may, in his discretion, and with such
precaution as he shall deem proper, authorize tho
establishment of bonded warehouses, especially and
exclusively appropriated to the reception of such
merchandise in cases where its immediate transfer
to the transporting*car, vessel, or vehicle shall be
impracticable; but merchandise remaining in such
warehouse more than ten days shall be deprived of
the privileges conferred by this act, and shall be
taken possession of by the collector as unclaimed,
and held until regularly entered and appraised.
Skc. 6. And be itfurther enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe forms of entries, oaths,
bonds, and other papers to be required, and allneed-
ful rules and regulations not inconsistent with law,
to be observed in the execution of this act, which
shall have the force and effect of law.
Sec.'7. And be it further enacted, That the privilege
of this act shall extend to the ports of New York, in
the State of New York; Boston, in thoState of Mas-
sachusetts; Philadelphia, in the State ot Pennsyl-
vania; Baltimore, in the State of Maryland; New
Orleans, in the State of Louisiana; Portland, in the
State of Maine; Buffalo, in the State of New York ;
Chicago, in the State of Illinois; Cincinnati, in the
State of Ohio; Saint Louis, in thoState of Missouri;
Evansville, in the State of Indiana; Milwaukee,in
the {State of .Wisconsin; Louisville, Kcntucky;and
Cleveland, Ohio.
Skc. 8. And beit further enacted, That at each of
said ports for which an appraiser of imported mer-
chandise is not now provided for by law there shall
bo appointed an appi*aiser of imported merchandise,
at a salary of $3,000 dollars per annum, and also such
numberofweighers, gaugers, measurers, andinspect-
ors as may bo necessary to execute the provisions
of this act, who shall receive the oidinary legal com-
pensation of such officers.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That any person
maliciously opening, breaking, or entering, by any
means whatever, any car, vessel, vehicle, warehouse,
or package containing any such merchandise deliv-
ered for transportation as aforesaid, removing, in-
juring, breaking, or defacing any lock or seal placed
upon such car, vessel, vehicle, warehouse, or pack-
age, or aiding, abetting, or encouraging any other
peison or persons so to remove, break, injuie, or de-
face such locks or sealn, or to open, break, or enter
such car, vessel, or vehicle with intent to remove or
causo to be removed unlawfully any merchandise
therein, or in any manner to injure or defraud the
United States; and any person receiving any mer-
chandise unlawfully removed from any such car, ves-
sel, or vehicle, knowing it to have been so unlawfully
removed,shall be guilty of felony, and in additionto
any penalties heretofore prescribed shall, on convic-
tion, bo imprisoned not less than six months nor more
than two years; and any person swearing willfully
false in any oath prescribed in this act, or by the
Secretary of the Treasury in pursuance of authority to
make all needful regulations conferred upon him by
this act, shall be guilty of willful and corrupt perjury.
• Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect on the 1st day of September, 1870.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Sir. FINKELNBURG called for the previous
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to offer an
amendment, to include San Francisco in this
bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to say
a word or two on the bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I will yield to the
gentleman after the previous question has been
seconded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG said: I now yield
for a few minutes to the gentleman from New
York. [Mr. Buooks.]
Mr. BR.OOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I do not expect to succeed in any opposition
to this bill j for when the great cities of the
West, such as St. Louis and Chicago, demand
such a measure as this they have the power to
carry it. I wish only to say that in a number
of previous Congresses like efforts were made
to obtain a like bill without any successful re-
sult. Majorities in both Houses of Congress, j
certainly a majority in this, always voted them |
down. I rise to enter my prediction that this |
will give rise to a large amount of smuggling, j
especially under our high rates of duty. There j
is no regulation in this bill which will prevent j
smuggling. j
Mr. FINKELNBURG rose. I
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Does the gen-
tleman eat me 'short here?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman has
had an opportunity to express his protest against,
this bill. There are other bills to be reported
from the Committee on Commerce, and I do
not wish to crowd them out by consuming the
whole of the morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You cannot
save time in this way. You will lose more
than you pain by it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. How much time
does the gentleman want?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Five minutes
move.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I'will yield to the
gentleman five minutes more.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. I rise to say, •
Mr. Speaker, that it not only increases the
chances of smuggling, but it also increases the
number of custom-liouse officers more or less
throughout the United States.
Then I rise further to say that it will lead to
a diversified system of appraising goods which
will bring the Government in a conflict with the
appraisers throughout the Union. There is
nothing more difficult than to obtain equal ap-
praisements in New York, Boston, New Or-
leans, and San Francisco. However good the
appraisers may be, the various estimates they
will have to put on by this law will vary accord-
ing to theintelligenceand capacity of the men ;
and when they are scattered throughout all the
States of the Union they can seldom have inter-
course and comparison of judgment with each
other.
I rise, then, Mr. Speaker, I repeat, not so
much to rally an opposition to the bill as to
enter my judgment that it will lead to frauds
of all sorts; that it will be a system which
cannot be maintained but with the utmost diffi-
culty ; and the preventions and the precau-
tions in this bill will have to be repeated year
after year, rendering its execution most op-
pressive to our merchants.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, Mr. STEVENSON,
Mr. WINCHESTER, and Mr. WELLS were,
by unanimous consent, allowed to print in the
Globe remarks on the pending bill. [See
Appendix.]
The bill was passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
reduction of duties on salt.
Mr. SCHENCK. In obedience to the in-
structions of the House I report a bill (H. R.
No. 23-19) to reduce the duties on imported salt.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this aet the present
duty upon all classes of salt imported from for-
eign countries shall be and hereby is reduced
fifty per cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. In obedience to the in-
structions of the committee, I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether he ever ex-
pects to hear of the bill again when he proposes
to send it to the "tomb of the Capulets" in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no correspond-
ence with that, committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
men who voted for these instructions yester-
day are now called upon to see that this bill is
not buried away in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not in order to move
that this hill be made a special order for some
future day ?
