3060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
VOTK or TUANKS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (8. R. No. 134) to regulate
the effect of a vote of thanks of Congress upon '
promotion in the Navy ; which was considered 1
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that a vote of thanks by Congress to any officer
of the Navy shall be held to affect such officer
only; and when as an incident thereof an offi-
cer who would otherwise be retired has been
or is retained on the active list Buch retention
13 not to interfere with the regular promotion
of his juniors, to which they would otherwise
have been entitled by law; and where any offi-
cer has already been retired to a grade lower
than he would have been had the provisions of
this law been in force he is to be considered
in all things as if they had been in force at the
time of his retirement; but no promotion is
to be made to fill a vacancy occasioned by
the final retirement, death, resignation, or dis-
missal of an officer who has received a vote of
thanks unless the number of officers left in the
grade where the vacancy occurs shall be less
than the number authorized by law.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the joint resolution with amendments, to strike
out in line seven the words " his juniors to
which they" and to insert the words " others
whoand in line eight, after the word " law,"
to insert the words to promotion and in
line eleven to strike out the words ''considered
in all things" and to insert the words "entitled
to the same position ;" so that it will read :
That a vote of thanks by Congress to any officer of
the Navy shall bo held to affect such officer only;
and when as an incident thereof an officer who would
otherwise be retired has been oris retained on the
active list such retention shall not interfere with
the remilarpromotion of others who would otherwise
have been entitled by law to promotion; and where
any officer has already been retired to a grade lower
than he would have been had the provisions of this
law been in force be shall be entitled to the same
position as if they had been i  force at the time of j
Lis retirement, £c.
Mr. ANTHONY. Those are merely verbal
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on these amendments together
if there be no objection. j
The amendments were agreed to. 1
Mr. ANTHONY. The only effect of this
joint resolution is, that when an officer is
retained upon the active list ten years longer
than he otherwise would be in consequence of
hie having received a vote of thanks of Con-
gress, sach being the provision of law, the con-
tinned rank and continued pay given him shall
be paid out of the Treasury, and not, as it now
is, practically assessed upon his juniors. That
is the present effect of the law.
The joint resolution was reported to tie
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. CORBETT. Does not this raise the
pay of all the other officers under him? j
Mr. ANTHONY. It enables the other offl- |
cers to be promoted when the time comes that
they would have been promoted bnt for the
longevity on the active list of the officer above
tbem. The thanks of Congress have been
given to only six admirals and seven other
officers.
Mr. CORBETT. The effect of this isola-
tion is to raise the pay just one grade of all the
officers below?
Mr. ANTHONY. For every rear admiral
returned on the active list ten years it provides
that the officers below him, one in each grade, ;
shall be raised at the time when they would
have been raised if this vote of thanks had not ,
intervened against them. It makes the pay j
come ont of the Treasury, instead of being j
nssessed upon the officers below him. j
Mr. CORBETT. In other words, instead of
their not being promoted, it promotes them?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETT. With the increased pay?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly. Whenanaval i
engagement is fongbt and is successful, as it j
generally is with our Navy, the commanding
officer is sometimes thanked by Congress. The
effect of that is to allow him to remain a rear
admiral ten years longer than he otherwise :
would ; but as the law is construed, the way it
must be construed, it keeps every man who
fought under him down ten years longer than ;
he would otherwise have been. All that is
given to him is taken from those below him.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
JAMES M. TROTTER AND WILLIAM H. DTTPREE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 724) for the relief of James M. Trot-
ter and William H. Dupree: which was read
the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
James M. Trotter, sergeant major of the fifty-
fifth regiment Massachusetts volunteers, the
pay and allowances of a second lieutenant
of infantry, from the 10th of April, 18G4, to
the 7th of June, 1865, being the time during
which he acted as a second lieutenant in the
regiment. It also directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to pay to William
H. Dupree, sergeant in the fifty-filth regiment
of Massachusetts volunteers, the pay and allow-
ances of a second lieutenant of infantry, from
the 80th of May, 1864, to the 21st of June,
1805, being the time during which heperformed
the duties of a second lieutenant in the regi-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that among
the papers which accompany the bill is the peti-
tion of these men, certified to by the colonel
and lieutenant colonel of their regiment, the
fifty-fifth Massachusetts regiment, which was a
colored regiment. Itwassentto South Caro- )
lina, and these officers were commissioned by
Governor Andrew. One of them was a ser-
geant in the regiment and the other was ser-
geant major. When they presented their com-
missions the mustering-in officer said there
was no law of the United States authorizing
the commissioning of persons of African de-
scent. The matter was held up for several
months, and finally they were mustered in.
This bill proposes to pay them for the time for
•which they acted as commissioned officers be-
fore being mustered in, and for which they ought
tohave been paid. The mustering officer had
no right whatever to reject them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TITOHA8 HENDERSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 725) for the relief of Thomas Hender-
son ; which was read the second time, and '
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to entitle Thomas Henderson, of
Wayne county, Michigan, his heirs or assigns,
to enter at the proper land office where the
same lies the back concession of front conces-
sion No. 259, in the township of Ecorce, Wayne
county, containing eigfity acres, more or less,
at the sum of $2 50 per acre, embracing the
improvements made npon the back concession :
by Henderson under a claim of preemption,
the same to be surveyed and laid off by the
surveyor general at the expense of the claim- ■ ;
ant, and to be patented to him, his heirs or 'i
assigns, on full payment being made ; but this
act is not to affect the valid claim of any other !
person to the land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird '
reading, read the third time, and passed. j
P HIT ATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 86) to construe an
act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled
' An act to confirm certain private land claims
in the Territory of New Mexico.' " '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks [1
that a House bill on this subject, reported by
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
has already passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; it has passed
both branches of Congress and become a law.
I move, therefore, the indefinite postponement
of this joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES F. JOY.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for the relief
of James F. Joy; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to James F. Joy
interest from September 1,1866, at the rate of
sixper cent, per annum, upon $132,000, being .
the amount paid by Joy to the United States
for the premises in Chicago known as the ma-
rine hospital, of which premises delivery has
not yet been made, and such interest is to be
so paid until delivery of the premises shall be
made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a report I think
accompanying the resolution. I can Btate the
facts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no report
apparently.
Mr. POMEROY. The Government never
pays interest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 presume the Senator
from Kansas will think it right that interest
should be paid in this case when he under-
stands it. I can state the facts of the case. I
thought there was a report accompanying the
resolution; and I think there was a report
made at a former session by the Senator from
New York not now in his seat, [Mr. Conk-
ling.] The case is this: an act of Congress
was passed in 1864 directing the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell the marine hospital in the
city of Chicago, and out of the proceeds of
that sale to build another hospital. The law
provided that the Government should retain
possession of the hospital sold until the new
one was ready to be occupied. That was in
1864; and it was to be sold for cash. Mr. Joy
was the purchaser, at the sum stated, .$132,000.
I think Mr. Fessenden was Secretary of the
Treasury when the sale was made; but directly
after Mr. McCulloch succeeded him, and he
was opposed to building any marine hospitals,
and he refused to carry out the law, and would
not take any steps toward building it. So the
matter went on from year to year. Mr. Joy ■
was anxious to get possession of the property.
He thought the Government was bound to
take steps within some reasonable time to
build a new hospital. Undoubtedly the Gov-
ernment ought to have done 6o; but it has run
on until 1870. Mr. Joy has been out of his
money now Bix years, and the new hospital
is not done yet. We have made an appro-
priation this winter to finish it, and I suppose
it will be done probably the coming season.
The Committee on the Judiciary came to the
conclusion that two years was a reasonable time
within which the Government ought to have
given him possession of this property, and
that he is entitled to interest on it after two
years from the time he paid over his money.
That is the whole case.
Mr. CORBETT. Did not Mr. Joy buy it
with the understanding that he wonld not get
possession of it until the new building was
completed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly he did. That
was the positive law. He was not to have
possession until the new hospital was built;
bnt the Senator from Oregon would not sup-
pose that the Government could refuse to buiid
at all and keep his money. They must act
within a reasonable time. The committee
thought two years was a reasonable time. The
difficulty arises out of the objection of the then
Secretary of the Treasury to constructing an-
other hospital. He took no steps toward con-
structing it for several years.
Mr. CORBETT. It depends on how cheap
