4948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28*
The SPEAKER. It would be if the gentle-
. man from Ohio yielded the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentlemen have be-
tween now and the next 4th of March to take
up and pass this bill. I demand the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 40.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Soiienck and
."Mr. Holman were appointed."**"
The House again divided; and the tellers
leported—ayes 75, noes 56.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the question of referring the bill to
■the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. If this bill is referred to the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union,
is there any prospect of its being reached again
this session?
The SPE AKE R. The Chair is glad to have
this inquiry made, because it gives him an
opportunity of stating what may have the effect
of saving the time of the House. A majority
of the House may at any time lay aside prior
special orders, iu order to reach it. It is 110
more within the control of the majority of the
House, after being made a special order, than
before it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If not referred, is the bill
before the House for action now ?
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised
by any gentleman would at once carry it to the
Committee of the Whole. The only question
is' whether it shall go there as a special order,
or to take its place on the general Calendar?
Mr. COX. 1 desire to make another inquiry.
Would the Speaker give any gentleman the
right to call it up for action, after it is sent to
the Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not
deny any gentleman that right.
Mr. COX. Bat would the Chair recognize
a gentleman for that purpose, say some time
next week ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter
into an engagement beforehand in regard to
whom he shall recognize or when lie shall rec-
ognize them. But the Chair will say that he
is not in the habit of violating the rights of any
gentleman who desires to be recognized.
Mr. COX. All that 1 desire is that the voice
of this House may be given effect to in regard
to the tariff on this most important article,
salt.
The main question was then ordered, which
was on Mr. Schexok's motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Would it be in order to move
to have the bill made a special order for to-
morrow or next day ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not
be in order after the bill is referred. But it
would be in order to move to lay aside all spe-
cial orders in advance of it. The bill, when
referred, will still be within the control of the
majority of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
agieed to.
OJIDEB OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] has the floor to call up
the Indian appropriation bill, as returned from
the Senate with amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from California to yield to me, ihut I
may bring before the House the report of the
committee of conference on the currency
bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing to yield to
the gentleman from Ohio if the Indian appro-
priation bill will come up as unfinished busi-
ness to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. It would, if the report in
charge of the gentleman from Ohio should not
come up as unfinished business, which it might
do if the gentleman from California yields to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SARGENT. But the Indian appro-
priation bill would come up as unfinished busi-
ness after that.?
The SPEAKER. It would come up imme-
diately after that, but not as unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. SARGENT. Would it have to wait till
after the morning hour?
_ The SPEAKER. It is the Chair's impres-
sion that it would.
Mr. SARGENT. I have now to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] how much
time does he think the consideration of his
report will occupy ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to have
it put through as quickly as the House will
permit.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think it will
take long to get through this conference report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from California that at any interval
whatever in the consideration of the appropria-
tion bill it will be in the power of the gentle-
man from Ohio to bring up so highly privileged
a matter as the report of a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot yield now to the
gentleman from Ohio, if the result should be
to take me oft' the iloor entirely.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man does not yield I must insist on my right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia cannot lose anything by yielding. The
Chair gives him that assurance.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlek,,]
to move to take a Senate bill from the Speak-
er's table, provided it does not lead to discus-
sion.
UBNUY A. BADUAM.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table and to put on its passage the bill (S.
No. !I00) to relieve Henry A. Baciham from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution oi
the United States. I will merely say that this
man's disabilities would have been removed j
before but for the wrong spelling of his name. I
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 will uotj
object if I am allowed to put in the name of i
William Bacon of North Carolina. Otherwise
I must object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has not the committee
a right to report this bill at any time ?
The SPEAKER. It is not before the com-
mittee; it is on the Speaker's tabic. Is there
objection?
Mr. BROOKS, of New Yoik. I object.
BUSINESS OK COMMITTEE ON UOJIM1SUOH.
Mr, CONGER I desire to ask the House
to give unanimous consent that the Committee
on Commerce may have an extra houriu which
to make reports. The House will remember
that up to tins time they have had no oppor-
tunity to make reports, and I therefore ask that
on Thursday next, after tlieuiorning hour, they
may have an opportunity to report.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. On what
subject do they wish to repoit?
Mr. CONGER. On subjects of general
interest—the commerce and business of the
country. There are some important bills which
may not be leached otherwise, and which ought
to be passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will that inter-
fere with all the other committees?
Mr. FITCH. I object.
, NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit a re-
port from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on .the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes, and to equalize the distribu-
tion of circulating notes, having met, after full -and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses aa follows:
That the Senato recede from their disagreement to 1
tho amendment of the House to the Senate bill, and
agree to the same, with the following amendments:
I'agc 1, tine one, strike out " niuety-five" and
insert in lieu thereof "forty-five." Pag« 1, line
eighteen, after theword " coin" insert the following:
"but a new apportionment of tho increased circula-
tion heroin provided fur shall be made as soon as
practicable, based upon the census of 1870." After
section — add tho following sections:
Sec. —. Andbe itjurther enacted, That upon tho de-
posit, of any United States bonds, bearing interest
payable in gold, with the Treasurer of the United
States in the manner prescribed in tho nineteenth
mid twee vie tli sections of the nationa l currency act,
it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Currency
to issue to tho association making the same circu-
lating notes of diiforent-denomimitions not less than
five dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty percent,
of the par value of the bonds deposited, which notes
shall bear upon their face thepromiseof theassoeia-
tion to which they are issued to pay them upon pre-
sentation at tho office of tho association in gold coin
of tho United States, and shall be redeemable upon
such presentation in such coin : Provided, That no
banking association organized under this section
shall have a circulation in excess of SI,000,000.
Sue. —. And be it further enacted, That every na-
tional banking association formed under tlio pro-
visions of the preoeding section of this act shall at
all times keep on hand not less than twenty-five pel-
cent. of its outstanding circulation in gold or silver
coin ol' tho United States, and shall receive at par in
the payment of debts the gold notes of every other
such banking association which at the time of such
payments shall be redeeming itscirculating notes in
gold coin of tho United States.
Sec.-—. And be it farther enacted, That every asso-
ciation organized for tho purpose of issuing gold
notes, as provided in this section, shall be subject to
ali the requirements and provisions of the national
currency act, except the first clause of section twen-
ty-two, which limits the circulation of national bank-
ing associations to $'300.000,000: the first clause of
section thirty-two, which, taken in connection with
tho preceding section, would require national bank-
ing associations oig.uiixed in the city of San Fran-
cisco to redeem their circulating notes at par in the
city of New York; and the last clause of scction
thirtj;-two, winch requires every national banking
association to leceivc in payment of debts the notes
of every other national banking association at par:
Provided, That in applying the provisions and re-
quirements of said act to the banking associations
herein provided for tho terms '' lawful monev," and
" lawful money of the United States," shall be held
and construed to mean gold or silver coin of the Uni-
ted States. t
^ That, scction three be amended as follows: page 4,
line three, after the word "withdrawing,'' insert
"ouo third of."'
Same page, line live, strike out tlio word "three"
and insert in lieu thereot tho ward " two."
That the House agree t,o the said amendments.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
TUGS. L J02JES,
L. A. SHELDON,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN.
WILLA11D WARNEIl,
AV. SPRAGTIE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Oloo. Mr. Speaker,
if I can have the attention of the House for a
moment, I think I shall be ably to explain the
changes in this bill. The conferees on the
patt ol tho House met the conferees from the
Senate and considered the pending measure
thoroughly. If gentlemen will send for the
printed Senate bill No, 878. which contains
both hills, the one which passed the House and
the one which passed the Senate, they will see
precisely the situation of thy matter. The
difference between the two Houses is this: the
bill which passed the Senate contained seven
sections. The bill we passed and sent back to
the Senate contained four sections. One sec-
tion, the lourth of the House bill,*i3 precisely
the same as a section in the Senate bill; and
about that there is no dispute. Tliut is the
section that allows banks in States haying an
excoss ot currency to movetheir whole organi-
zations to States having a deficiency. That
single section is the same in both bills.
Wo found that there were three main differ-
ences between the Senate and the House. The
first was in regard to the amount of increase
