1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4949
of national^ bank currency above the   W)-
000,000 which is the limit fixed by existing
law. The second had relation to the amount
to be taken from the States having an excess
and distributed to the States in deficiency.
The third was in reference to free bankiug on
5\. gold b^sis.
On the first point, qs to the additional issue
of national banks, the Senate sent us a bill
that authorized an increase of $45,000,000
above the present limit, and as compensation
for that increase authorized, the redemption
and cancellation of the three per cent, cer-
tificates. The House amended that section
by changing the amount from $-15,000,000 to
$95,000,000. Thatwas the chief point of differ-
ence. I will say to the House that two of the
members of the committee were pronounced,
not only here but in the conference, in favor
of an increase—ati increase to the extent of
$05,000,000; and although I was and am per-
sonally opposed to such increase, I neverthe-
less felt it my duty as a representative of the
House, to the fullest extent of my ability to
impress upon the conferees on the part of the
Senate the desire of the House to increase
the amount of issue to $95,000,000. My col-
leagues on the committee of conference will
bear me witness that X so represented the feel-
ing of the House.
After nearly two hours of earnest conference
my colleagues came to the conclusion that it
was impossible to secure from the Senate the
amount of excess above $300,000,000 that the
House desired. The conferees on the part of
the Senate told us that the members of their
Committee on Finance were unanimous against
any increase beyond the $45,000,000 provided
by the first section of their bill, and the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate were also
unanimously of the same opinion.
When it was found that the Senate would
not authorize the $95,000,000 provided by the
House bill it was suggested by one of the
House conferees that there should he an issue
of fifty-three, fifty-four, or fifty-five million dol-
lars as against the $45,000,000 of three percent,
certificates to be redeemed. We were answered
that that very proposition had been submit-
ted, deba'ed, and voted down in the Senate
by a decisive vote; The conferees on the part
of the House became satisfied that on that
point there was no use of further urgency ; that
they must either abandon the hope of agree-
ment or we must concede that point. The
concession made by the conferees on the part
of the House was that there should be but
$45,000,000 of national bank currency in addi-
tion to the $300,000,000 now authorized; so
that the limitation of the national bank circu-
lation instead of being $300,000,000, as now
provided by law, may be increased under this
bill to $845,000,000.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask him a question?
Air. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Doesrtot
the $45,000,000 increase of circulation referred
to by the gentleman also involve a cancel-
lation of $45,000,000 of three per cent, cer-
tificates held as a reserve by the banks, and
also require the shutting up of twenty-five per
cent, of that amount of circulation in the form
of greenbacks to be held as a reserve by the
batiks for the redemption of their circulation?
And is not that virtually a decrease of circu-
lation to the extent of ten or eleven million
dollars?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentle-
man's statement of the effect of this bill is not
fully correct. There are now outstanding some
$45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates,
which the law permits to be used by the banks
as reserves. At the present time all but
$3,000,000 of those certificates are held, and
have been for the last year and a half, mainly
in New York city as bank reserves. There are,
therefor, only $42,000,000 which are held as
j-raerves, aod to that extent perform the func-
tions of greenbacks, and must be replaced by
greenbacks when retired under this bill. This
bill, therefore, withdraws these interest-bear-
ing certificates, and authorizes an enlargement
of the national bank currency by exactly
$45,000,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yery well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman if he informed the members
of the Senate who acted upon this conference
committee that the House had directly in-
structed the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency of this House to report a bill increasing
the currency of the country by $50,000,000?
He has told us that so far as the members of
that committee from the Senate were con-
cerned, they informed liiin that the Senate
never would pass anything looking to an ex-
pansion of the currency. I want to know if
the gentleman pressed upon the attention of
the conferees on the part of the Senate what
was the expressed wish of the House upon the
subject?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I decline to
yield for any question which implies, either
from the tone or the terms of it, that the con-
ferees on the part, of the House omitted to dis-
charge their full duty in good faith.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I simply wanted an
affi rmative answer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman's
question and Lis manner of putting it implied
a suspicion that the committee had not faith-
fully represented in the conference the views
of the House. I desire to say to the gentleman
that the point which he has just mentioned was
pressed by all the members present upon the
Senate conferees.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am very glad to
hear it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The "Lough-
ridge resolution," so called, was specifically
referred to, and the strength of the sentiment
of the House in favor of inflation was urged ;
but, the Senate conferees immediately responded
that so soon as the Loughridge resolution had
passed this House the Senate adopted a reso-
lution, which was not voted against by one Sen-
ator, declaring that they would not authorize
any increase of the currency.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Was there any vote in
the Senate by a division, or byyeas and navs?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House con-
ferees called attention to the fact that it had
been said in the House that there was not a
full vote of the Senate on that subject; that the
resolution was put through in a thin Senate
without debate. The chairman of the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate at once re-
sponded that such an impression was altogether
incorrect; that full attention had been called
to the proposition, that it was fully understood,
that the resolution expressed the deliberate
judgment of the Senate, and that the conferees
were fully assured that the Senate would not
agree to any further increase of the currency
than the $45,000,000. While I have tried to
do my whole duty as a member of the confer-
ence committee, I must express n;y gratifica-
tion with the prospect that this Congress will
not plunge any deeper into the sea of paper
money.
I now pass to the second point, the redis-
tribution ot' the currency, the taking of cur-
rency from the States having an excess and
giving it to States where there is a deficiency.
The Senate provided for the redistribution
of $20,000,000. The House, by its bill, pro-
vided for the redistribution of $25,000,000.
On this point the Senate commit,tee gave way,
and agreed to the redistribution of $5,000,000
morp than the Senate bill provided for.
While upon this subject, I may as well men-
tion that there were two minor modifications
agreed to in regard to redistribution. The
House bill provided that $25,000,000 should be
taken from* two classes of banks in States hav-
ing an excess of bank circulation. In the first
place, all banks having more than $1,000,000
of circulation were to have the whole of the
excess taken from them. The Senate thought
this would be too stringent a measure; that it
would perhaps act as a shock upon the busi-
ness community in the case of some of the
larger banks, having four or five million dollars
of circulation. We therefore agreed to the
proposition of the Senate, that only one third
of the excess above $1,000,000 should be taken
from the banks having more than Si,000,000.
In the second place, the House "bill provided
that the balance of the amount to be redistrib-
uted should be taken from the banks having
a circulation of $300,000 and upward. The
Senate bill proposed to take this balance from
banks having more than one hundred thousand
dollars of circulation. The House committee
thought that by the proposition of the Senate
the small banks, the country hanks, that could
least afford to suffer a diminution of their cir-
culation, would be unduly oppressed. Hence,
a compromise was finally reached, and it was
agreed that this balance should be taken from
banks having an excess over two hundred thou-
sand dollars of circulation. This will affect
about one hundred and forty or one hundred
and fifty banks in the States of Rhode Island,
Connecticut, and Massachusetts. With these
two modifications the Senate has agreed to the
House section on the subject of redistribution.
The Senate also proposed to add their three
sections authorizing free banking on a gold
basis. The House conferees agreed to those
three sections, being sections four, five, and six
of the Senate bill, with two modifications.
First, we strike out the words " or silver," so
that there shall not be two metals named as
the money in which the notes shall be re-
deemed. Silver is not, under our laws, a legal
tender except for sums of five dollars or less.
To this modification the Senate agreed. The
second modification was designed to meet a
difficulty suggested by my colleague, [Mr. Bing-
ham.] The House committee, in view of the
suggestions made by him, procured an addi-
tion to the fourth section of the Senate bill
providing that no bank organized under the
free banking sections should have more than
$1,000,000 of circulation, thus restricting its
circulation within reasonable limits.
Mr. BINGHAM. It does not limit the num-
ber of banks which may have a million of cir-
culation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, the com-
mittee did not think that was necessary. With
these three sections, permitting banking on a
gold basis, allowing the banks to have twenty-
five per cent, of silver coin as a reserve, and
allowing free banking on "that basis, the com-
mittee believe that such batiks will be imme-
diately established on the Pacific coast, as well
ps in New Orleans, Charleston, and perhaps
New York. All the currency issued under
these sections will be a direct addition to the
circulating medium of the country.
Mr. MUNGBN. Is it not the real effect of
this bill, if it becomes a law, to reduce the
volume of currency to the extent of the re-
serves required to be held by the banks, to say
nothing about the opening of the gold markets
to the gold gamblers?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 have so often
discussed that matter, and it is so evidently not
contraction, that I wiil not now discuss it again.
I presume that my two colleagues on the com-
mittee of conference desire a few minutes to
state their views of this report, and I will there-
fore first yield to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
it is necessary for me to say but little on this
subject; but as one of the members of the
committee of conference on the part of the
House, I desire to say that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has, I believe, very fairly
and impartially stated what occurred in the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
