1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1178
stated in debate on a former occasion that j
the service in these two bureaus for the last ,
year had been extremely active; and that j
accounts to some very great extent for the 1
deficiency in these two bureaus, but not alto-
gether; because it is a matter ot' fact that
These two bureaus are short $1,600,000 by
reason of the lack of balances to the credit of
thase bureaus which were supposed to exist
on Hie 30th of June last. Therefore, as a
matter of fact, these two bureaus have not
had so much by $1,000,000 as Congress in-
tended to appropriate; and to this extent, ;
therefore, it is not true that this deficiency
occurs by reason of large expenditures of the
Department.
But the precise condition of the labor of
those two bureaus is this: they have prepared
and fitted for sea some eighty-six vessels since
this Administration came into power in March
last. They have now in process of repair forty-
two vessels of various kinds; and they are now
in that situation, with their decks and wales
off, and knees out, &c., that they are liable to
absolute waste, and therefore it becomes a
public necessity to meet this demand of the
service. It is supposed that whereas between
ten and twelve thousand men have been em-
ployed in the various ship-yards during the last
six months, this appropriation of $3,000,000
will enable the Department to employ some-
thing less than half that number. Therefore
I say with the utmost confidence to the Senate,
that from the best examination the Committee
on Appropriations were enabled to make, this
sum of $3,000,000 is the least possible sum
which will meet the demands of the service in
the Department.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maine, the chairman of
the committee, what amount he understands
will be placed by the operation of this bill at
the disposal of the Navy Department for ex-
penditure? What is the total amount?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that so far as the Navy Department is con-
cerned it does not place a dollar at its disposal.
It takes from the Department as much as it
appropriates. It places at the disposal of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering and the Bureau
of Construction and Repair $3,000,000, and
takes from other bureaus of the same Depart-
ment the same amount, which it covers into
the Treasury, so that it appropriates nothing
to the Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senate that the last amend-
ment adopted on the motion of the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin] contains
phraseology respecting the current fiscal year.
This being a deficiency bill that language is
fupererogatory, and he will suggest to the
Clerk to strike out those words.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That had better
be done.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives,by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
435) for the relief of the poor and destitute
people in the District of Columbia, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 1st instant, a report
of the numberjocation, and rent of buildings
occupied by the quartermaster's department
ot the Army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 7tlx instant, a statement of bonds issued
to the various Pacific railroad companies,
giving the date of issue, amount, and date of
their maturity ; also a statement of the bonds
purchased on acbount of the sinking fund, and
those subject to the order of Congress, with
theiraniount, rate of interest, &c. ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF DISTRICT POOIt.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary relief
of the poor and destitute people in the District of
Columbia, having met, after full and free confcrence
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
First, that the Senate recede from their disagree-
ment to the first amendment of the House and agree
to the same with amendments, as follows: in line three
of the amendment strike out the word "feeding,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following words: " the
temporary relief in cases of absolute necessity of."
And add at the end of the amendment the following
words, namely, "that the Secretary of War may
agree with the benevolent associations aforesaid, or
with other persons, to furnish the supplies necessary
to carry this act into effect, whenever in his opinion
the same can be furnished at a cheaper rate than the
same can be done otherwiseand that the House
agree to the same.
Second, that the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement to the second amendment of the House.
H. HAMLIN,
JAMES W.NYE,
I GEORGE VICKERS,
i Managers on the part of the Senate.
■ JOHN A. LOGAN,
t BURTON C. COOK,
J. PROCTOR KNOTT,
! Managers on thepart of the Home.
' The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 80) in regard to the suspen-
sion of the sale of certain lands in California
was taken from the table and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1090) to admit the State of Missis-
sippi to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
1 The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
I as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
' consider the bill (H. R. No. 1090) to admit
the State of Mississippi to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
The bill, as passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, is as follows :
Whereas the people of Mississippi have framed
and adopted a constitution of Stato government
which is republican; and whereas the Legislature
of Mississippi elected under said constitution has
ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to
the Constitution of the United States; and whereas
the performance of these several acts in good faith
is a condition-precedent to the representation of tho
State in Congress: Therefore,
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Mississippi is entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United States;
Provided, That before any member of the Legislature
of said State shall take or resume his seat, or any
offioer of said State shall enter upon the duties of his
office, he shall take and subscribe, and file in the
office of tho secretary of State of Mississippi for per-
manent preservation, an oath or affirmation in tho
I form Allowing: "I, , do solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I have never taken an oath as a mem-
ber of Congress, or as an officer of the United States,
j or as a member of any Stato Legislature, or as an
i executive or judicial officer of any State to support
i tho Constitution of the United States and afterward
engaged in insurrection and rebellion against the
same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof,
so help me God;" or under the pains and penalties
of perjury, (as the case may be,) or such person shall
in like manner take, subscribe, and file the following
oath or affimation: "I, , do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that I have by act of Congress of the
United States been relieved from the disabilities
imposed upon me by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, so help me
God;" or under tho pains and penalties of perjury,
(as the ease may be,) which oaths or affirmations
shall be taken before and certified by any officer
lawfully authorized to administer oaths. And any
person who shall knowingly swoar or affirm falsely
m taking either of such oaths or affirmations, shall
bo deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be punished
therefor by imprisonment not less than ono year,
and not more than ten years, and shall be fined not
less than SI,000 and not more than §10,000. And
in all trials for any violation of this act the certifi-
cate of tho taking of either of said oaths or affirma-
tions, with proof of tho signaturo of the party
accused, shall bo taken and held as conclusive evi-
dence that such oath or affirmation was regulurly
and lawfully administered by competent authority :
And provided further. That every such-person who
shall neglect for tho period of thirty days next after
tho passage of this act to take, subscribe, and file such
oath or affirmation as aforesaid shall be deemed and
taken, to all intents and purposes, to have vacated
his office: Anil provided further. That tho State of
Mississippi is admitted to representation in Congress
as one of tho States of the Union upon the following
fundamental conditions: first, that tho constitution
of Mississippi shall never bo so amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote who are entitled
to vpte by the constitution herein recognized except
as a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been duly
convioted under laws equally applicable to all the
inhabitants of said State: Provided, That any alter-
ation of said constitution, prospective in its effects,
may be made in regard to the time and place of resi-
dence of voters. Second, that it shall never be law-
ful for the said State to deprive any citizen of the
United States, on account of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, of the right to hold office
under the constitution and laws of said State, or upon
any such ground to require of him any other qualifi-
cations for office than such as are required of all other
citizens. Third, that the constitution of Mississippi
shall never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of the school rights and privileges secured by the
constitution of said State.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill by striking out the preamble,
and also by striking out all beginning with the
word "provided" in line four to the end of
the bill, so as to make it read :
Be it enacted, <£c.. That the said State of Missis-
sippi is entitled to representation in the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the bill as reported
by the committee the word " said" before the
t words "State of Mississippi" should be
omitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I deem
it incumbent on me as the organ of the com-
| mittee reporting this bill to state to the Senate
the condition of Mississippi at this time. In
pursuance of the act which was passed in April
fast, authorizing the President of the United
States to submit the constitutions of Virgiuia,
Mississippi, and Texas to a vote of the people,
and to submit them either in whole, or to sub-
mit separate clauses of the various constitu-
tions, as he should think proper, to a vote of
the people, the constitution formed by a con-
vention of the people of the State of Mississippi
was submitted to the voters of that State on
; the 30th of November, 1809, and four clauses
of that constitution were submitted separately
to the voters of the State. Of the four clauses
submitted three were rejected and one wag
i retained.
I will read to the Senate the separate clauses
which were submitted to the voters of that
State, and then will give the vote uponadopt-
; ing or rejecting them, so that the Senate will
j see exactly what was submitted to the voters
of the State, what was left out, and what is
retained in the constitution. I have the con-
stitution here, which however was passed upon
by Congress at its session in April last. Con-
gress was satisfied with the constitution at that
time, and directed it to be submitted in the
manner I have already stated. The first of
the distinct clauses which were submitted by
the President to a separate vote was a part ot
section three of article seven. It is a part ot
the oath that the constitution required to be
taken by the voters. It reads as follows :
"'That I am not disfranchised in any of the pro-
visions of the acts known as the reconstruction acts
of the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses, and
that I admit the political and civil equality of all
men : so help mo God:' Provided, That if Congress
shall at any time remove the disabilities of any
