1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
2-1-17
outrage; :tbat a geatletaan in any of our prin-
cipal cities .desiring,tofurnish his house.inust
of necessity pay a large sum to .cover duties in
his purchase of carpets. Ay, sir, here is where
the shoe.pjneh.es; here, ip where the.trouble
lies. ^heCowwtee.-ofWaysand Means have
not. thpught proper to reduce the .duties on
articles of ostentation and luxury, presuming,
no doubt, that ,peisons. who use them are able
to pay the price, duty included. The com-
plaint.of %ghd.«tigs.on Brussels carpet, broad-
cloth, BiSks, jewels, and other articles of
luxury,CO,pies yiot from farmers ; they cannot
afford to indulge in such expensive goods. Men
who rely upon the labor of their hands and the
fruits of the soil for support are as noted for
their plainness as for their economy.
But the rich and opulent are compelled to
pay high prices for luxuries and are dissatisfied.
Importers can sell more goods and at better
profits, when duties are nominal; hence they
want relief. Certain'.manufacturers, too, are
interested in having low duties on crude ma-
terial and full protection on such wares as
they produce. To accomplish their wishes
reinforcements arc necessary, and with a view
to agricultural influence and votes, farmers aro
told that existing tariff laws are iniquitous,
forming a system of legalized oppression and
roberry, conferring benefits upon a few manu-
facturers, while they impoverish every other
industry, -and especially that of agrioulturc.
Farmers,kaow vary well that their productions
have as much direct protection as-those of any
other class, and tiat tfiere is scarcely an article
prn,dii<;(jd iroTn the field or garden, dairy or
orohard, that 'is not protected by duties 011
importations of similar articles from Canada
and elsewhere. By looking over the schedule
it -will be seen that between 80 and 100 articles
of agricultural production are subject to duty.
A few of the morn prominent items are given
m tlrn following summary :
TabltM'i'.hilxitiyg fiOlHd ttf the uuricuUural pro-
duoiimie mibjtict to duty whmt imtxirtrd Into the United
(SpKcs, foamier with tho ruins therwu 1
Ryu and bailey     Ifiueiits ppr bTtahol.
Oovn and oata     ..„JQ cents per bushel.
Wheat ffl (ionta per bushel.
b'lnxgcod 1(1 cunts per bushel.
l>oet' and pork    1 ocjit, pur pound.
Bacon ami lard   2oenta per pound.
Butter and cheese   -1 ouiita pur pound.
Woof   ISucfnlH per (mund.
Apples, i.'Oot.
(^idcr    20 per eont,.
Wvo stock  3) per coat.
Hides and potts..... 10 par rent.
]?lax   $15 pur tun.
lleuip 440 per ton.
Now, without taking, into the account any
hut the most simple and common product innti of
the farm, it will bo found that near $50,000,000
currency value of agricultural productions were
imported into the United Slates during the
fiscal year ending .Juno !'0, 1S08, on which
duties amounting to more than $10,000,000
were paid1, and if farmers need more protec-
tion tbeyvhavo only to ask it. But they are
under uo Buch necessity ; their wants lie in a
totally different direction. To be prosperous
and happy the farmer needs a steady and re-
munerating home market; and how is ho to
get it? Certainly not by espousing free-trade
measures, as demanded by and in the interests
of British capitalists, New York importers
and jobbers, as well as eastern railroad monop-
olies, the effect of which if carried out would
be to bring him in direct competition with
the pauper labor of Europe. If the farmers
of this country shall allow themselves to be
carried away by the specious but delusive cry
of free-trade monopolies, whether at home or
abroad, can they.expect a batter fate than that
which has fallen to the farmers of Portugal or
Turkey, whose women are compelled to work
in the field for the pittance of tour cents per
day, -and whose men work for less than one
fourth tie sum paid to the male laborers of
America ?
This system has enabled England to impov-
erish and make tributary to her power mw
of the weaker nations of the earth. By it she
has built up labor-crushing monopolies which
are well nigh able to control the markets of
the world, and now by the aid «f American
allies she is seeking to rivet the chains of deg-
radation and dependence upon American labor
and independence, that the proportions of her
already gigantic aristocracy may be enhanced
at our expense.
TOE QRBAT WEST.
Mr. Chairman, I love to talk of the great
West. Born, reared, and hawing -lived all-my
life in her midst, I am identified in feeling with
all her interests. She furnishes bread not only
for her owu children, but for many millions
beyond her borders ; and what does She get in
exchange for that broad is just now a question
of vital interest.
In looking into the monthly report of the
Department of Agriculture for January, 1870,
I find that in Massachusetts, Maine, New
Hampshire, Connecticut, and Vermont, five
New England States, the average price of
wheat on the 1st of that month was $1 08,
while thoaverage priceof farm lahorper month
for the season, with board, was §i!(i 22. At
the same period in Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Nebraska, five States of the
Northwest, the nvorago price was 01 cents,
while tho average price of farm labor per
month for tho season, with board, was $21! 10,
showing a difference of $t 07 against the
western .farmer, while he only has §3 00 per
month for labor in his favor ; and about the
same relative dift'erenee in the price fit' other
cereals isnotieeahle. No one pretends that a
reduction of tariff duties won hi give tho west-
ern farmer any better price for his produce,
but on the contrary it is urged with great
reason that owing to the high price of labor
in this country if the duties wore reduced
manufacturing would decline and a corre-
sponding decline in tho price and demand for
produco would ensue, and not only so, but tens,
if not, hundreds of thousands of laborers now
engaged in manufacturing would betake them-
selves to agriculture, thus becoming producers
instead of' consumers.
Probably tho recent construction and intro-
duction of railroads into the grain-growing
countries of Europe, especially into iiussia and
Hungary, enabling those countries to put, tlreir
grains upon tho English market at, pleasure,
and the low price paid for the labor employed
in production, may havo quite as much to do
with the pwscnt low price of wheat in this
country as the abundant crop of Ihe past year.
Thus intelligent American labor is brought, in
direct competition with the pauper labor of
Europe, am! must so continue as long as we
rely upon an English instead of a home market
lor tho sale of any considerable amount of our
hrettdstuifs. Common sense teaches that the
farmer's independence will be enhanced just,
in proportion to the increaseddomestie demand
tor his products, and a consequent decrease of
tho necessity for exportaition.
The free-trade theory looks to Europe for a
largo proportion of our manufactured supplies
in exchange for our crude agricultural produc-
tions, just as Portugal and Turkey did a cen-
tury and a half ago, by which England will be
made tho work-shop of' America and the power
at' her monopolies increased and perpetuated.
This involves the necessity for cheap labor to
enable the American producer to compete with
his European rival, and farmers and laboring-
men are called upon to aid this suicidal policy
by their votes, which if adopted will certainly
eventuate in ruin to the farmer and oppression,
poverty, and degradation, to the laborer. But
against this anti-American heresy and labor-
degrading movement the farmers and labor-
ers of the country have their remedy bv uniting
' heartily with tho friends of the American system
of protection to every industry against the nau-
per labor of the Old World.
This will build up and extend our manufac-
tures all over tho land, insure a home market
with remunerative prices for farm .products,
ample reward to labor, a lower rate of taxation,
the development of the resources of this grand
country, and assure the stability and independ-
ence'Of the Republic. All this is within the
power and at the command of'American farm-
ers and laborers, and can be accomplished by
their ballots.
llANTJI'ACTUEES IN THE WEST.
The development of manufactures in the
western States is a question of so much vital-
ity-to the country at large, and especially to
the grain-growers of the prairies, that every in-
dication of growth in that direction is a -matter
for congratulation. With her immense coal-
fields, ore-beds, water-power, and railroad
facilities, who oan doubt that at 110 distant day
if legislation shall be favorable the great Mis-
sissippi valley, with her teeming population,
will he supplied with iron and steel, cotton apd
woolen goods from her own manufactures?
It is difficult to understand why more than
three fourths of the laboring men of the west-
ern States Should even now be engaged exclu-
sively in agriculture, to the neglect of mining
and -manufacturing. Who fails to see the
reason why Massachusetts farmers are now
getting §1 75 for their wheat while those ot
1 owa are getting ouly 52 cents ? If the former
State wore not covered over with factories,
giving employment to a large proportion of
her men, women, and ohildreu, wheat would
bo worth no more there than ill the latter.
Of the millions of bushels of wheat shipped to
Europe from the West during the past few
months tho farmers have received about 70
cents per bushel, while the price paid in Eng-
land hasbeenalittle mo-re than double that sum.
Thus aro British operatives fed with American
wheat at $1 40, while engaged in raanufactur
ing goods for tho American market, to be paid
for by these same American farmers in wheat at
70 cents. But the evil stops not here. Prob-
ably every dollar's worth of wheat shipped to
the English market enables her manufacturers
to throw upon our markets tenfold its value in
finished goods. Thus are we furnishing bread
in its crude state to fccd'British workmen en-
gaged in British work-shops, whose propri-
etors return to our markets tenfold its value
111 the forms of cloth, cutlery, hardware, iron,
&c., all to be paid for in the best elements of
our soil.
At no period in our past history have the
English markets for breadstuff's been of any
great value to American farmers, having takeii
for tho last forty-three years only about five
per cent, of our annual wheat productions ;
mid now, since the introduction of railroads
into tho food-producing countries of conti-
nental Europe, thereby giving us new compet-
itors, they will bo worth still less. Tho grain-
growing districts of the West are situated°upon
an average some 1,200 miles distant from the
sea-board, giving our competitors greatly the
advantage of us in thedistauce of inland trans-
portation, to say nothing of the carriage across
the Atlantic. Hence we may in future regard
the European markets for American bread-
stuffs as practically worthless.
Out- annual increase in population can hardly
be estimated at less than 1,000,000, more than
one third of which comes from the Old World,
and we welcome them with outstretched arms.
It other pursuits are not presented, they must
become tillers of the soil, in competition with
our already numerous farming class, and a
further and ruinous reduction in the price of
farm products must be tho consequence. But
if our public policy shall bo such as to encour-
age the establishment of manufactures for the
development of our unequaled mineral and
agricultural resources, by which the taanufftc-
turer and producer, the eater of bread and the
wearer of cioth, the workman in the mill and
the plowman in the field, shall be brought in
close proximity, the one finding ready sale for
his wares and the-other-for the products of his
farm, with mutual advantage to' each, without
