160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
1 March
Ho. 01? Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
41st Cong. ... 2d S.ess.
Allan ticcoastare many islands, British, French,
Spanish, Danish, and others. More especially
are there two valuable islands just beyond
the waters of Maine—Nova Scotia and Prince
Edward's. Both of them produce articles which
are desirable and necessary for the food and
comfort of our country, more especially for the
poorer classes of our people—fish, of almost all
kinds in teeming abundance, potatoes, cheaper
than the duties we impose upon them imported,
oats, the best in the world, and coal, practically
nearer to New England thau from the mines
of Pennsylvania or Maryland. We might have
free trade with both these islands, but it is for-
bidden by our laws, and wo compel the inhab-
itants there to turn their potatoes into pork,
when on the sea-coast we are suffering for
the supply, and this pork, thus made, goes to
Europe, there to come into competition with the
pork of our western States. These islands need
and demand our breadstuffs, our cottons, and
other manufactures, our boots and shoes, and
leather, but wo take from them little or nothing
wherewith to pay for them, and so turn the
whole trade over to England.
,ME.\ AX 11 NATIONS CREATED TO CREATE DIFFERENT
THINGS.
God has so diversified climates and nations
th at certain lands arc favored by Providence be-
yond all other lands for the production of cer-
tain things. But as a compensation forlosses or
failures, God has stored away under the earth
or on the soil oertain other advantages, such
as mines, lumber, or, in the sea, fish in the
greatest abundance. Thus, while in New
England, New Yoik, and New Jersey there is
little or no coal, the cheapest and best of
bituminous coal abounds in the mines of Nova
Scotia, and the waters both of Nova Scotia
and I'rince Edward's Island teem with mack-
erel, alewivi'S, codfish, herring, hake, and sal-
mon. Now, if the numerous articles of pro-
duction of those islands were introduced into
this coiiuiry free, tiiey would enable the me-
chanics nnd laborers of New England to live
lium tun to lifleen per cent, cheaper than they
now do. The herring of these waters are
largely in demand for the colored population
of the South, but our enormous duties forbid
their extensive use. Mackerel are much in
demand for the West, but few can afford to
pay the duties and buy. Thus man fights with
Providence or the laws of Providence by dam-
aging statutes of his own, and thus the farmer
of the South and West is shut off from the
valuable fisheries of the East.
Aud so, loo, just as nations have different
clinics, men have different gifts or idiosyncra-
cies. Thereis the Chinaman. Who can compete
with him in his peculiar work and peculiar
food, or who will undertake to create as cheap
the certain things that he so well creates? All
of us arc proud of our Anglo-Saxon, Teutonic,
or Celtic descent. None of us doubt our
power to do what other people can do; nay, we
boast, and often justly, that we can do more.
Connecticut, for example, makes the best
clocks in the world, but the genius of Connec-
ticut has not yet been able to turn out a beau-
tiful case, even for the best of clocks. The
sewing-machine made there i^the best in the
world ; but our tariff on iron and steel aud
wood, by the way, is exporting our workmen to
Germany and Prance. No agricultural imple-
ments on earth compare with ours. The shovels
of the Ameses of Massachusetts are unrivaled in
the world, exported even to Australia though
made of lioavy-taxed iron from Sweden and
steel from England.
The Creator has given differing nations of
men differing powers of creation and produc-
tion, intending free interchange among them
ail. Men separated butbyachannel,asFrance
from England, have different skill in the pro-
duction of the same material. It is in evidence
that the Irishman or Englishman can attend
two coarse-linen looms iu irel and or England,
while in France, one Frenchman can attend to
but one. And yet the French nation is the most
spirituelle, perhaps the most capable, and in
some respects the most intellectual nation on
earth. Now, the British manufacturer of the
coarser linens, in the production of which one
Englishman or one Irishman can attend to two
looms, necessarily has the dominion of the
market of the world, while the more spirituelle
French manufacturer controls that market in
the fine linens that he produces, thus showing
that even two contiguous nations were designed
and fitted by the great Creator for certain things,
and that in His wisdom it was intended there
should be free intercourse between His crea-
tures.
Under such an exhibition of facts I call the
attention of the House to what has been the
liberal policy of other countries ; not so much
to contrast it with the illiberal policy of our
country as to tempt members toward a better
and wiser tariff legislation.
NECESSARIES OF LIFE FREE IN OTHER LANDS.
Salt is one of the essentials of human life.
In England salt is admitted free of duty. It
is free in Belgium, in Spain, in Portugal, and
throughout all the seventy millions of the Ger-
man Zollverein, for the purposes of manure,
one of the most valuable purposes to which
salt can be put, and which would be used
freely in this country, especially at the South,
if admitted duty free. Hence, I need not say
how desirable it is for farmers to have free salt,
and to abolish the monopoly now existing in
its production, in a beef, pork, and butter
country like ours.
Coal, another essential of human life, is free
almost everywhere. It is free everywhere on
the continent of Europe, except in Switzerland,
where there is a duty of 37 cents per ton ; in
France, 40 cents; in Spain, 25 cents; while in
our country the duty on coal is $1 25 in gold
per ton.
Hides are a raw material of the greatest im-
portance for the under-standing or upper- stand-
ing of all mankind. They are free everywhere,
throughout the whole continent of Europe,
except in Switzerland. They are free in France
by treaty, though notiuider the general tar'iff;
free in Russia, in Spain, in Portugal. And,
whenever, elsewhere, a duty is*levied on hides,
it is the lowest possible duty, more as a matter
of record of the amount imported than for the
purpose of raising revenue or affording pro-
tection.
Lumber is free everywhere on the continent
of Europe except in the mountain republic of
Switzerland; in the Netherlands, Italy, and
Portugal; and in these countries the lowest
rate of duty is imposed.
1 come next to pig-iron, another essential
raw material, the foundation of all our iron
industries. Upon this article our tariff im-
poses a duty of §9 per ton iu gold—the highest
tax known in the civilized world. This arti-
cle is free in England, in Italy, in Denmark,
Norway, and Sweden ; and the highest duty
levied upon it by France, the competitor of
England in iron, under the British treaty, is
but $3 90. In the Zollverein, the duty is
$2 40; Switzerland; $1 16; Russia, $2 37;
Belgium, less than $1 ; Austria, $1 92. Yet
this article, which is admitted free by most of
the countries of Europe, and the duty upon
which, when a duty is imposed, is of the light-
est character, has risen under our Government
from three or four dollars per ton to the enorm-
ous duty of $9 in gold.
OVER ONE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS SURPLUS TAXES
COLLECTED.
Under these contrasting facts it becomes us
to inquire, without reference to party sympa-
thy or party obligation, what it is our duty as
Americans to do with this tariff of ours; what
we can give up; what we must hold on to to
square the receipts and expenditures of the
Government. The surplus revenue of this
country for the fiscal year 1870-71 is esti-
mated by the Secretary of the Treasury to be
$102,000,000. Under our prosperous state of
importations and exportation itis likely to be
more, probably much more, as you will agreo
with me in thinking if you listen to my calcu-
lations and facts. The three quarters already
past of the current fiscal year show a surplus
revenue beyond the expenditures of more than
$97,000,000, thus:
Revenues. Expenses.
April 1 to June 30.1860 8109.847,619 $6-1,636,311
July 1 to Sept. 30,1869  109,642,078 85,914,993
Oct. 1 to Dee. 31,1869   90,414,099 62,212,184
Total nino months $309,903,706 $212,763,521
Surplus revenue  $97,140,275
These facls impose upon us, then, majority
or minority, the unavoidable necessity of re-
modeling the present tariff in some form or
other ; for no humanbeing would dare to stand
before the people now and propose that we
should raise from the people by taxation
$100,000,000, probably $120,000,000 more than
the expenditures of the country require.
The Secretary of the Treasury estimates, in
the annual exhibit sent in to us from the De-
partments, the sum of $331,000,000 as the
amount necessary for the expenditures of the
coming fiscal year, 1870-71. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] correcting those estimates, reduced
them §42,000,000, or to $289,000,000 ; but it
is due to the Secretary of the Treasury to stale
that while he officially sent in those estimates,
amounting to $331,000,000, his own estimate
of expenditures was only $291,000,000.
His estimate of receipts for the coming year
(1870-71) is $393,000,000. Deducting fu.m
this $291,000,000, which he estimates to be the
expenditures of the ensuing fiscal year, we
have, according to the programme of the Ad
ministration, $102,000,000 of surplus revenue
to be disposed of. The estimate of receipts
embraces the following items:
Customs   $185,000,000
Internal revenue  175,ODD,U0')
From otlier sources  33,000,000
Aggregate of 8393,000,000
I hold in my hand a table which is too long
to read, but which shows that for the last six
months of 1869, as compared with the similar
period in 1808, the excess of all the imports
in this country amounted to $25,097,605, gold ;
dutiable merchandise, $20,081,555; while the
exports of all articles for the corresponding
six months were in excess $47,851,440, and
the merchandise of the country for that period
$45,142,486. The decrease of specie exported
for the corresponding period was $2,708,954.
In brief, the imports for the period named have
been in excess only 13j per cent., while the
exports—most beautiful fact—have been 23;j-
per cent. Most beautiful fact, I say, for the
increase of exports has been:
Petroleum  £600,000
Cotton and manufactuies of cotton 19,608,357
Grain and wheat Hour... 19,801,01)0
An export which shows why gold has been
and is going down ; or, rather, why our paper
money is rising up.
And here I call the attention of the Repre-
sentatives of the West to the fact—it is often
doubted, but the British tables of import show
it—that the farmers' crops of the West, which
have gone to Europe, according to the last
statistical tables, in which we have returns for
ten mouths up to November; I say, that those
tables show of the products of wheat, flour—
bread products of the West—one third of all
imported into Great Britain have come from
the United States of America. But I have
closer facts than these I have given to fortify
my opinion of our excess of revenue. I _iave
the actual revenues down to the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1870. For the six months preceding that
