1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
person disfranchised in the said reconstruction acts
oftthe said Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congress, and
the Legislature of this State shall concur therein,
then so much of this oath, and so much only, as refers
to the said reconstruction acts shall not be required
of such person so pardoned to entitle him to be
registered."
The vote upon the adoption or rejection of
that oath which I have just read to the Sen-
ate was, in favor of retaining it, 2,206; for its
rejection 87,874. It was rejected, the Senate
will observe, by an almost unanimous vote of
the voters of the State of Mississippi. Section
five of the same article was also submitted to
a separate vote. That section declares:
"No person shall be eligible to any office of profit
or trust, civil or military, in this State who, as a
member of the Legislature, voted for the call of the
convention that passed the ordinance of secession,
or who, as a delegate to any convention, voted for
or signed any ordinance of secession, or who gave
voluntary aid, countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, or who accepted or attempted to' ex-
ercise the functions of any office, civil or military,
under any authority or pretended government,
authority, power, or constitution within the United
States hostile or inimical thereto, except all persons
who aided reconstruction by voting for this conven-
tion, or who have continuously advocated the as-
sembling of this convention, and shall continuously
and in good faith advocate the acts of tho same;
but the Legislature may remove such disability:
Provided, That nothing in this section, except vot-
ing for or signing the ordinance of secession, shall
be so construed as to exclude from office the private
soldier of the late so-called confederate States
army."
The vote upon the adoption of that clause
of the constitution was 2,390 in its favor, and
against it 87,253; so it will be seen that this
proscriptive provision prohibiting the holding
of office by persons who had been engaged in
the rebellion was voted down by the decisive
vote of 87,000 to 2,000.
Section five of article twelve of the consti-
tution was also submitted to a separate vote.
That section is in these words:
"The_ credit of the State shall not be pledged or
loaned in aid of any person, association, or corpora-
tion ; nor shall the State hereafter become a stock-
holder in any corporation or association."
The vote upon that was, in favor of retain-
ing it, 70,427; against it, 20,884; so that the
provision remains as a part of the constitution.
A part of the oath prescribed in the twenty-
sixth section of article twelve of the constitu-
tion for members of the Legislature and State
officers was also submitted to a separate vote
by direction of the President. The part thus
submitted reads as follows:
_" That I bare never, as a member of any conven-
tion, voted for or signed any ordinance of secession;
that I have never, as a member of any State Legis-
lature, voted for the eall of any convention that
passed any soch ordinance."
The vote upon that clause was: in favor of
its retention, 2,170, and against it, 88,444; so
that this proscriptive provision wasalso rejected
by an almost unanimous vote. These were the
four separate clauses which were submitted to
the people of that State, three of which were
rejected, and the one prohibiting the pledging
of the credit of the State to corporations was
retained. The vote upon the residue of the con-
stitution was: in favor of its adoption, 103,735,
and against it, 9,955; making a total vote of
114,690. Less than 10,000 out of the entire
number voted against the constitution which is
now presented as the constitution of Missis-
sippi. So it will be seen that Mississippi comes
here with a constitution ratified by an almost
unanimous rote, and tbe proscriptive features
which were put into the constitution by the
convention which assembled have been voted
out of it by, I am happy to say, a very decisive
vote. I think that we owe much of the good
feeling which now exists in the State of Missis-
sippi to the liberality of her citizens in rejecting
those proscriptions which the convention had
sought to put upon the voters and upon the
to hold office in that State.
,.j-"®House of Representatives has passed a
bill which is a copy in so many words of the
bill recognizing the State of Virginia as enti-
ced to representation, except that it applies to
the State of Mississippi, and except also that ]
it provides that the oaths required by it may
be affirmations where persons are conscien-
tiously scrupulous about taking oaths. It will
be remembered by the Senate that we passed
a supplemental bill in the case of Virginia to
correct the omission in the original bill, so
that this is precisely the bill tljat was passed in
reference to the State of Virginia, now sought
to be applied to the State of Mississippi. The
House of Representatives, it will be remem-
bered, passed a bill for the recognition of the
State of Virginia in the simplest form, simply
declaring that the State of Virginia was enti-
tled to representation in Congress, but the
Senate thought proper to attach conditions.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported a
resolution for the admission of the State of
Virginia, also in its simplest form, and the
opinion of the Judiciary Committee now is that
these conditions ought not to be attached to
anv State.
It is believed by that committee that Con-
gress has no authority to impose such condi-
tions ; that they have no binding efficacy; that
their effect is evil, and evil only; and that it is
keeping up a distinction in regard to the States
which can do no good and may do much harm.
It is totally inconsistent with the action in the
State of Mississippi, the voters of that State
having acted liberally. They have struck out
the proscriptive provisions in their constitu-
tion ; they nave organized their State peace-
fully. The condition of affairs in the State of
Mississippi so far as I know—and I have taken
some pains to inquire—is as favorable to peace
and good order as in any of the late rebel
States, perhaps more so, and it is owing, in
my judgment, to the liberal policy which has
been pursued there.
Why, then, it may be asked, should conditions
be imposed upon the State of Mississippi when
she is recognized as entitled to representation
in this body ? Does anybody suppose that the
State of Mississippi is going back ? Does any-
body suppose that a State organized as the
State of Mississippi is, and under the influences
that she has been organized under, is going back
and going to change her constitution and make
it oppressive upon anv portion of her people ?
Is there anything in the character of the dele-
gation which Mississippi has elected and sent
tothe two Houses of Congress, is there any-
thing in the character or her Legislature, is
there anything in the character of the officials
of that State in anjr respect, to warrant the
belief or the suggestion that she may not be
trusted with the powers of a full grown State as
well as the State of Illinois or any other State
in the Union?
I do not propose to argue this question. I
presented my views in regard to it when the
Virginia bill was up, and stated at that time
that I did not believe this could be a Union of
unequal States. I believe that when a State is
entitled to representation in this Union, and
becomes one of the States of the Union, it is a
full and complete State, with all the rights in
all respects of every other State. I want the
State of Mississippi here as a full-grown State.
I want its representatives to stand up in the
Congress of the United States as the repre-
sentatives of a coequal State of the Union, and
not of an inferior and subordinate State, or
a State with conditions imposed upon it not
imposed upon the other States of the Union.
This is the opinion of the Committee on the
Judiciary, and hence they have reported back
the House bill with a recommendation to strike
out the whole of these conditions, and every-
thing except the single provision declaring the
State of Mississippi entitled to representation
in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that a majority of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, of which I am notone, should have thought
it its duty to reopen this subject of the form of
the admission crt these lately rebellious States
for controversy among our own political friends.
We have had the controversy; it has been
settled by the fair sense of the Senate after a
thorough discussion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to interrupt him one mo-
ment? I omitted to state that the committee
were furnished with the evidence of the ratifi-
cation by Mississippi of the fifteenth amend-
ment, as required by the act of April last. J
have it before me in an official form, showing
that the Legislature of Mississippi has com-
plied in that respect with the law by ratifying
in due form both the fourteenth ancl fifteenth
amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I am glad to know.
It is true, and I am, therefore, just a3 much
in favor as any one of admitting Mississippi
upon the same securities and guarantees for
republican liberty and social progress that we
have imposed on the other rebellious States,
and upon no others, I will say.
But I was expressing my regret that our own
friends should have thought it necessary, as a
matter of duty or otherwise, to invite us to
reopen this discussion of a matter which has
been completely discussed and thoroughly set-
tled, as I supposed. Here we have the House
bill just, in the form of the Virginia bill, for
our consideration. When we were consider-
ing the Virginia bill I remember very well that
my friend from Illinois used as one argument
for passing the House bill about Virginia, that
it would save sending anything back to the
House. Now, let me apply that argument to
him in a friendly way in this case, and ask
him to go for this House bill in order to save
its going back to the House. I admit for one
that I do not think it is much of an argument,
but it is as good for this case as it was for the
other.
I do not want to open the question now as
to what our powers are in imposing conditions.
It has been fairly demonstrated, I think, on
this floor, that we have the power to impose
these conditions, as they are called, and I do
not cavil about names; that the thing we have
Eat into the statute with regard to Virginia, she
aving chosen to come in under it, binds her.
I think that may be demonstrated. I think it
has been demonstrated. I know some Senators
do not think so. Very well. We have applied
it to her, not in order to make her unequal, as
she is not; not in order to make her subordin-
ate, as she is not; but in order to make per-
petual within her territory that clause of the
Constitution which declares that she Bhall have
a republican form of government all the time,
and that she shall not turn her back upon us
this year or next year or fifty years hence, and
undertake to make progress in a retrogressive
direction.
This is only one of the means which the
nation has, which the founders of the nation
intended it should have, of securing liberty
and eqnal rights and public progress in every
one of the States; and I fail to see the force
of the argument which goes to maintain that
to do that by appropriate and legitimate means
of legislation, in makinga compact with a State
when she comes in, or imposing a condition
on her when she comes in, is making her
unequal. She is equally bound by the express
letter of the law and by the Constitution to
maintain republican institutions. She has no
right at any time to disfranchise any portion of
her people who are voters. We should have
a right without such conditions, I agree and
maintain, to interfere, and it would be our
highest duty to execute and exercise that right.
But these States are in a peculiar condition.
They have cost the nation innumerable lives,
a great waste of blood and treasure, and we
are endeavoring to restore order, to secure
private rights to the rebels as well as to the
Union men. We are not undertaking to setup
one law for one class of peojje and another
for another, bnt we are only endeavoring to
maintain equal security and equal privileges in
those States.
Now, is it not wise, as a matter of precau-
