4950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Votes between the two Houses. I will do him
the_ justice to say that, although individually
lie is opposed to any increase of the circula-
tion of the currency, yet he did everything he
could to inforce what he understood to be the
wish of the House as expressed in the bill of
the House before the committee of conference.
Now, sir, I approved the bill reported to the
House, not because I would approve it in pref-
erence to anything else, but I took it as some-
thing beneficial to the country rather than
nothing, which, if we had not agreed to this
report, we should certainly have experienced.
From what was said to us by the conferees on
the part of the Senate I was convinced we could
get nothing better from the Senate than that
proposed in the Senate bill. As the gentleman
from Ohio has stated, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance in the Senate, I understood to
say that the Senate had passed a resolution
unanimously againstany increase of circulation
whatever. I therefore approved this report
rather than to get nothing at all.
As I understand, Mr. Speaker, it gives in the
first place to those States which have not had
their proportion of national bank currency
$25,000,000 to be distributed among them.
Then, in the next place, it gives an additional
amount of §45,000,000 of currency in place
of the three per cent, certificates. 1 should
have preferred a greater amount,, and I should
have preferred "greenbacks" to national
bank notes, because it is well known to the
gentlemen who represent the South and West
in this House that our people are crying out
largely for an increaso of currency. I would
myself advocate an increase of three hundred
or five hundred million dollars of greenbacks
to be distributed among the people of the
South and West; but as we cannot get that I
favor this proposition. By this distribution I
believe by as aceurato a calculation as can be
made, the State of Kentucky, which I have the
honor in part to represent on this floor, wiii
receive an additional circulation of something
like $0,000,000. That, wiil add greatly to the
convenience of the people of my State. The
distribution will be in like proportion to the
State of'Indiana and other States of tile South
and West.
Mr. IIS GERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to interrupt the gentleman, so as to inter-
fere with the course of his argument; but if he
will alloiy me I wish to know if i am correct
in understanding him as taking the position
that the adoption of this report Would increase
the volume of currency in any degree what-
ever?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. In reply to the
gentleman's question I will say that I under-
stand that this will increase the currency not
quite to the amount of $40,000,000, but to a
very considerable extent. I am in favor of it,,
rather than that we should get no increase at
all, and I understand that tile Senate, if we do
not accept this, will oppose any increase what-
ever of the currency/ I take it, therefore, as
a necessity, for what it is worth; and in my
judgment, unless we are cheated out of the
due proportion—I am speaking now for the
States which hitherto have not received an
equal distribution—out of the due proportion
which the operation of this bill gives us, it will
largely increase our circulation.
Mr, INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow me just a moment to state what I under-
stand the effect of the proposition to be?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I yield to the
gentleman for a moment, but not to make a
speech.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will sfatewhatl under-
stand the effect of the proposition contained in
this report to be. It proposes to increase the
SrMm'rf ?llk oirulation of the country
q rnf'nS'proposes to withdraw the
^4 j,000,000 tnat are now held, or the great
proportion of it, by the banks as a reserve
under existing" law.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I do not under-
stand it in that light.
Mr. INGERSOLL, Then, if the gentleman
does not understand it in that light, I desire
him to compare this proposition with the ori-
ginal bill reported by the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency. I hold that this proposition
involves a positive contraction.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish distinctly
to state to the House that I agreed to this con-
ference report'simply because I believe it will
give us an additional amount of circulation in
the States that now have not their due propor-
tion. It will certainly give us in the first place
a distribution of $23,000,000 now held by the
States which have more than their due propor-
tion of the national bank currency. It will give
us that at least, and that is worth something.
As to the exact amount we will receive
under that and under the distribution of the
increased issue of $45,000,000, I am not able
to say what that amount will be. But I take
it, as a Representative of Kentucky and of the
West and of the South, as affording us some
additional facilities in the way of national
bank circulation. But I repeat that I would
prefer an additional circulation of greenbacks.
I would like to have an additional circulation
of greenbacks to the amount of at least
$50,000,000, and I accept this measure merely
because 1 cannot get anything better.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now to
my colleague on the committee from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Sheldon.]
Mr. COX. Will the gentle man allow me to
propound just one inquiry to my colleague on
the committee from Kentucky [Mr. Jones?]
Mr. SHELDON,*of Louisiana. I yield to
the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask my colleague
whether he has by his action in agreeing to
this report committed himself in favor of the
national bank system?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I never have
done so. I distinctly stated that by my approval
of this report of the committee of conference
I do not wish it to be understood that I favor
the national banking system. I regaid that
system as being rotten from its foundation.
But as I believed, and still believe, that the
propositions in this report will afford greater
facilities and increased circulation to some
extent, I agree to this report as a necessity.
Mr. COX. I hope it will be laid on the
table, and will make that motion as soon as I
have it in my power to do so.
Mr. SHELDON, ofLouisiana. Mr. Speaker,
it seems to me that this whole question lies in
a nutshell. This bill simply gives $45,000,000
of additional banking facilities based on the
entire quantity of three per cent, certificates;
and it takes from the States which now have
an excess $25,000,000, and gives it to the
States which have not their due proportion.
In other words, it gives to the West and South
$70,000,000 of additional circulation to what
they have under the present national banking
system.
In addition to that which has been stated, it
confers powers to organize these banks to any
extent; and if any be organized, the simple
difference between them and the national banks
now m existence, as I understand, is this; that
the reservation oftheonewill be in greenbacks,
and the reservation of the other will be in gold]
Whether such banks will be organized or notl
regard as extremely problematic. If any are,
there will be an expansion of the currency. I
do not claim to present a proposition before
the House expanding the currency ; on the
contrary, it does not. And let me say here
that there has been no proposition before the
House this session looking to an expansion of
the currency but that 1 have voted for it.
_ I believe in an expansion, and I believe in
it not only to the extent of $50,000,000, as
contemplated by the gentleman from Illinsis,
[Mr. Judjo,] but of $300,000,000; and I am
willing to vote for it to-day, whether m green-
backs or national bank notes. But, Mr.
Speaker, it is not always the case that a man
can have what he wants. I suppose if the
Senate should send to us a proposition to con-
tract the currency we could defeat the Senate.
We send to the Senate a proposition to expand
the currency, and they can defeat us. Our
demand is for additional legislation; they are
satisfied without further legislation. I do not
agree that this is all we want or ought to have;
but 1 am not willing to deny to Louisiana the
advantage of seven or eight millions more of
banking capital because we cannot get all that
I think we ought to have.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question. The gentlenjan says that
this bill does not expand the circulation ; (hen
I would like to have him state to the House
what there is in this bill so far as expansion is
concerned that would make the friends of
expansion vote for it.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. There is
nothing in the bill that forbids expansion
except the gold feature, which may or may
not be worth anything. There is this advan-
tage to the Southwest, that it does afford them
facilities which they do not now possess, and
that is all there is of it.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The bill takes
$25,000,000 of currency from those States
which have more than their due proportion,
and distributes it to those which have less than
their due proportion. That is enough to induce
tne to vote for it.
Mr. COX. I would ask my friend whether,
after knowing that this banking system is a
rotten system, he is willing to extend it?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Bad as it is, I
would rather have a little more of it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, resumed the floor.
^ Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for ten minutes?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire first to
yield to my colleague on the committee from
Illinois, [Mr. Juiid;] but I shall ask the House,
before my hour closes, to second the previous
question, so that wo may have a vote in the
morning. I now yield fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.J
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say to the Houso
that in the discussion of this question I do not
propose to be limited by any time granted to
me. If I desire to speak twenty minutes, and
it is not likely that I shall do so, I shall ask
the House to let me have that time. If tho
gentleman from Ohio thinks he can get the
previous question seconded without having
this matter thoroughly discussed, he had bet-
ter make the motion for the previous question
now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If my colieague
upon the committee does not desire my court-
esy, I certainly wiU not press it upon him.
Mr. JUDD. This is a bill of contraction,
and I hope the House will not second the pre-
vious question until we have been heard upon
th*6 question.
^ Mr. INGERSOLL. If my colieague [Mr.
Judd] declines to accept the courtesy of tho
gentleman from Ohio, I hope he will yield to
me, for I shall be glad to get the ten minutes.
Mr. GARhlELD, of Ohio. I will first yield
ten minutes to tny colleague on tho committee
from Indiana, [Mr. Conuiis.]
Mr. COBURN took the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my friend from In-
diana yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. COBURN. Yes. sir; I will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at tour oi clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
T he following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred t'o the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. l)4lvNUM: petition of Edward
