4006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
ing with the Indians as if they were the sov-
ereigns of half this continent, when you do not
intend to keep the treaties, when you cannot
keep them, when this country must be settled,
is a policy that ought to be stopped. I shall
not oppose any appropriation that the cottimit-
iiee desire to make. I simply say here now
that the treaties that the peace commission has
made setting apart vast regions of country to
the Indians cannot be kept and will not be
kept by either side. They are not intended to
be kept. It is impossible in the nature of
things that they can be. You are inviting
immigration from Europe; your country is
expanding; you are dedicating that region to
civilization; and you cannot keep it from civ-
ilization by treating with these wandering sav-
age marauders as independent nations. The
thing must be stopped. If it is not stopped
you will have this same complaint; you will
find it necessary to arraign Sherman, Sheri-
dan, and every officer who attempts to do his
duty in that country. Instead of that you should
say to them, " We will set apart one, two, or
three thousand acres of land ; we will appoint
an agent over it; we will require you, Spotted
Tail, and you, lied Cloud," and all you chiefs
of the Sioux to stay there; and if you attempt
to lead your people off to murder the whites
we will put you in prison and educate your
children." It is ridiculous to hunt up these
wandering Indians on the plains and make
treaties with them. It is a farce. The whole
system of making treaties with Indians is a
farce, and cannot be carried out.
It is argued that you must do justice to these
Indians ; that the whole country is theirs. If
you have got any such sentimental ideas as that
let all the people of the United States leave
the country and let it be restored to its original
owners. Everybody knows that that cannot
be carried out. Why not, then, act like sensible,
humane men and say to the Indians, "So much
land as you cultivate shall be set apart for you ;
you shall have school-houses and churches,
and somebody to take care of yo^ ; but we will
not give you presents and let you roam over the
plains ; wo will not pay fifty cents a pound for
provisions to be sent to you; but you shall
stop here and you shall be confined within these
limits ; your children shall not be wild, as you
are." That is what we ought to say to them.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I should like to know what the
question is that the Senator is talking about?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The question before the
Senate is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations on the third and
fourth pages of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend from
Nevada does not want to discuss the whole
Indian policy on that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I shall bo through in a
few minutes. I want to raise my voice in be-
half of the settlers at some stage of the progress
of this bill, and I will not trouble the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations again.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the settlers are in issue here.
Mr. STEWART. I think they are at issue,
when it is claimed that you must continue this
policy, that you must make appropriations for
treaties, and arguments are made here that
would lead the people of the United States to
believe that the Indians are the only parties
maltreated ; arguments to call down the dis-
approbation of the country upon the Army who
are attempting to protect the settlers while this
system goes on. When you censure high officers
of the Army and bring them into contempt for
doing their duty I think you are taking a step
(hat tends to expose the lives and property of
the men, women, and children who are attempt-
ing to settle the far West. I want you to
inaugurate a new policy that shall protect the
Indians and shall protect the whites; but if
you are going to continue this treaty system,
and then condemn the Army for suppressing
murders in the West, you are simply saying
that you will have no more white settlements
in that conntry ; that you will sacrifice the
whites because they are enterprising, because
they wish to settle the country; and you will
not let the Army protect them. We invite the
white men to go there and then we denounce
them, and denounce their protectors. 1 say
that the policy of making these treaties 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator to what class of worthy and
enterprising gentlemen, settlers or otherwise,
belong the Big Horn expedition which the
President of the United States has ordered not
to march ?
Mr. STEWART. Very likely some of them
are bad men. I do not know anything about
that expedition; I have not examined into it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator does
not speak for them.
Mr. STEWART. I do not justify any white
man in doing wrong. The men who go on these
expeditions, if there is any such expedition
now, the men who kill the Indians, can take care
of themselves. It is not those men I am talk-
ing about. I am talking about the settlers.
Take Arizona and the murders and assassina-
tions committed there during the last ten years ;
and I say that apicture so revolting to humanity
has never before been presented. The Indians
there have decimated the population. A few
brave men say they will not leave the country.
Arizona is one of our organized Territories.
The Apache Indians are only a few in number;
they never fight; they assassinate. If you go
there in winter and capture them and put them
on reservations and keep them there, you can
feed them much cheaper than the expense you
have to pay for an army that does not do any-
thing. There is notenough of them to do any-
thing. I say I am in favor of the reservation
system, and I am in favor of such reservations as
can be easily guarded by the agents or a few
military men if necessary, where you can keep
your eye on the Indians until you can civilize
some of them; until their children can be
educated.
Mr. COLE. Put them on an island.
Mr. STEWART. Put them on an island,
or on the plains, or anywhere where they will
stop murdering and robbing the whites. Any
appropriation necessary to accomplish that
object this country ought to make. Any ap-
propriation that is necessary should be made
to collect the Indians together and put them
on small reservations where they can be made
to labor ; reservations where the superintend-
ent, or whoever has_ charge of them, can keep
control of the Indians, see where they are
going, make them account for themselves, and
kcep_ arms out of their hands. This pretext
of giving Indians arms to hunt with is simply
giving them arms to murder with. Let that
be stopped.
I do not complain of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations. I know very
well that he is anxious to do just the right
thing. I know very well that he is in favor of
the reservation system. I am in favor of that,
too ; but I do not want millions of acres of
land to be given the Indians, because it cannot
be done in that way. You will break in on
them. They will break out. If they live on
hunting, they will pass the lines. Neither party
will mark those lines. They are in the treaty,
but nobody knows where they are. The whites
will pass them, and the Indians will pass them,
and there will be conflict and murder on both
sides, and disgrace brought on the American
name.
The Indians are but few in number. There
are not more than two hundred thousand of
them. They are estimated, I believe, at three
hundred thousand ; but I do not believe that
there are more than two hundred thousand. If
these Indians were taken charge of in the
proper way it would require but a very small
expenditure compared with the present cost.
We hear it said that the Army costs a great
deal in fighting Indians. The Army is sta-
tioned in that country and has to be supported
any way. There is not much of this expense
incurred in Indian wars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The whole of
it—all that I have stated.
Mr. STEWART. Very much of the ex-
pense in the Indian country does not belong to
the Indian wars, because the Armyis stationed
there and must be supported.
- Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I gave the state-
ment of the Secretary of War.
Mr. STEWART. They are stationed there,
and would have to be supported somewhere.
But one fourth of the present number of our
soldiers could take care of the Indians if they
were on small reservations ; could see that the
laws were executed, could see that nobody
was hurt; and these Indians could be fed if
yon could not do anything else with them.
If you will establish the real reservation
system, and incorporate that with the Quaker
system, if you please, or allow any other de-
nomination to go among them, I will not com-
plain of it; it will suit me cxactly. But the
idea of these magnificent reservations, the idea
of sovereignty in these Indians, who have not
the smallest conception of what sovereignty
is, the idea of consulting them particularly as
to what we shall do with them, the idea of
making contracts with them that you cannot
keep, and regarding them as nations, is utterly
ridiculous, and should be abandoned forever.
It is an experiment that can result only in
blood, devastation, and murder on all sides,
and it will be a prolific theme for philanthro-
pists as long as any of us now live. It cannot
be ended in our day. In fifty years more of
this system you will annihilate the Indians,
and annihilate hundreds of thousands of white
men at the same time. There is no use in
continuing this policy longer. Let us bring
the Indians nearer to civilization. It would
be better to take them to Boston or to New
York than to send them out on the plains, and
it would be cheaper to support them there.
Wo have missed it entirely in sending them
forward if we intend to civilize them.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to give notice that at
the proper time I shall move an amendment,
which 1 ask the Clerk to read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported for the information of the Senate, not
being now precisely in order.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for
buildings crected at Korr, Union, Montana Territory,
under instruction from the United States agent, for
the accommodation of himself and family, and also
of interpreter and other employes, as also for the
storage of Indian annuity goods, fcl3.500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair
will inquire, is the amendment reported from
the Committee on Indian Affairs'?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir; let it lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie
on the table.
Mr. ROSS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer another amend-
ment, which I shall call up at the proper time.
I give notice of it now. I ask that it he read
and laid on the table for the present.
Hie Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to extinguish the title of the Black Bob band
of baawnee Indians to the lands now held in com-
mon by said band in the State of Kansas $83,-132 50,
the same to bo held in trust for the use and benefit
of said band: I rovuled, That the said lands sba.ll
thereafter be subject to preemption and entry by
a'-injil residents as other public lands, at the price
ot StZ 50 per acre.
The Chief Clerkread the next amendmentof
the Committee on Appropriations, which was in
line one hundred and one, in the clause making
