1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
tion, to say to these very people, in the lau-
guage of my friend from Illinois, who have
shown so unanimous a disposition to restore
themselves to a friendly condition of progress-
ive republicanism : " We accept you in the
same spirit in which you come ; and feeling
that your spirit is generous and genuine, both,
we apply to you the same guarantees and tests
that we have to others ?" Now, if the people
of Mississippi are siucere they will accept it
without any complaint whatever ; if the people
of Mississippi are not sincere these conditions
and limitations imposed upon them are the very
thing that their condition absolutely requires of
us. If the condition there is, as I do not doubt
it is, as the Senator from Illinois thinks they
will not feel that they are imposed upon, or
insulted, or coerced in any unfriendly spirit by
finding in the bill as to them the very same
provisions that are in bills as *o all their sis-
ter rebellious and restored States, every one
of them.
Now, I do not want to go into this argu-
ment any more than my friend does. I only
wish to stato the view that I entertain, as one
member of the committee, of the high propri-
ety of standing by the House bill and reject-
ing this amendment, so as to let Mississippi
stand upon the same footing that the other
restored rebellious States have stood, securing
merely guarantees of future good faith and
good conduct in those States.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, like the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I do not care to open up
the discussion of the questions incident to the
admission of these States and those questions
that have been discussed in the Virginia and
Georgia bills ; but at the risk of taking up the
time of the Senate, I would wish again to call
the attention of the Senate to the provisions
of the Constitution. I know how much it is
slighted, and how lightly it is treated here;
but I would wish again to call the attention
of the Senate to the provisions of the Con-
stitution. I quote its words:
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State."
And when that provision of the Constitution
has its legitimate operation and force a State
of this Union is entitled, not by the law which
you now propose to pass, not by the provisions
of this bill as reported by the committee, but
by the Constitution itself, to representation and
to two Senators upon this floor. Congressmay
admit new States, but when they are admitted
they are States like other States, and all upon
an equal footing in every respect whatever.
This bill, as reported by the committee, I do
not object to, because it is an effort of the ma-
jority in the Senate to preserve their consist-
ency, and by it they declare that the State of
Mississippi is entitled to representation in Con-
gress. Sir, if Mississippi is a State in this
Union she is entitled to her representation in
this body by virtue of the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and not by this act. If Mississippi
is a State in this Union she is entitled to two
Senators upon this floor just as much as any
other State, Minnesota, Illinois, Vermont, or
Ohio; and she has the right to it by virtue of
the provisions of the Constitution, and not
because you pass this act.
True, I am not objecting to the passage of
the bill'reported by the committee declaring
'that the State of Mississippi is entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United
btatesbut I do object to this continual
thrusting in the face of the Senate and country
the fact that the majority in this body deem it
necessary to preserve their consistency—con-
sistency with their reconstruction acts and the
measures that have been passed with reference
to the restoration of the southern States. Pre-
cedents are referred to—the precedents of the
laws admitting the other States. Conditions
have been applied to them, and it is said be-
cause we did it with them, why not do it with
Mississippi; because we made fundamental
conditions for the other States, why not for
Mississippi; and why not for Texas when she
shall apply for admission? Sir, it is these
precedents and the attempt to preserve polit-
ical and party consistency that has brought to
us all this trouble.
I shall not go into a discussion of the policy
of these reconstruction measures, but I do say,
and I put it now to the Senate, that the whole
difficulty you have had in your reconstruction
was that you wanted to preserve your consist-
ency, and have not adapted your legislation to
the wants and necessities practically of the
people of these States.
Now, sir, there is one matter which prob-
ably I might better discuss when the creden-
tials of the Senators-elect from Mississippi are
presented ; but I wish to allude to it now as a
sort of intimation or suggestion of what I may
say hereafter. Your reconstruction of the State
of Mississippi has sent here to the Senate a
man who is not a citizen of that State, who is
not eligible or qualified, and, as I am informed
by a letter that I hold in my hand, he was
elected to the Senate of the United States
under the threat that Mississippi would not be
admitted and would not have representation
in Congress unless she would elect the com-
mander of the department to the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That question does not
arise under this bill.
Mr. MORTON. I know it does not arise
here. I am only referring to that and suggest-
ing it. I am preparing the way for it. 1 shall
present that matter when the proper time comes.
I only now suggest to the Senate this: let all
your reconstruction acts go for what they are
worth and what they have done; allow us to take
these States back upon the simple proposition
that they are entitled to representation. States
are entitled to representation; but you reverse it
and you say that they are not States until they
have representatives. You say that they are not
reconstructed or restored to their practical
relations to the General Government until you
have admitted them to representation, making
the existence of the State depend on the fact
whether it has representation in Congress. If
they have Representatives in the other House
and Senators upon this floor, then you say they
are States. But, sir, the fact of their right to
representation in the other House and here
depends upon whether they are States inde-
pendent of their representation.
Now, if Mississippi is a State in this Union,
she is entitled, not under your law, but under
the Constitution, to representation; and the
qualification, election, and returns of the
members is the only question for you. If
Mississippi is a State in the Union, she is
entitled, without your law, without your act,
to representation upon this floor and upon the
other. I shall vote for this bill, because I
choose to let all your reconstruction acts go.
I care nothing for the preservation of your
consistency in these matters ; but I so vote
for the purpose of bringing these States back to
their proper practical relations to the General
Government; and so far as they inform us, it
is necessary to bring prosperity, peace, law,
and order to those States, I prefer to do what
I can to bring it about.
But, sir, in my judgment, except for the
mere preservation of the consistency of the
majority in Congress, this bill has no place in
the Cougress of the United States because if
Mississippi is a State of this Union the Con-
stitution gives her a right to two Senators upon
this floor ; and I think that the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate would have beeu much
better employed in conforming, so far as they
could, the legislation of the Senate to the Con-
stitution, rather than in attempting to preserve
the consistency of the majority in Congress on
the reconstruction acts. If they had done
that these States would have been back long
ago. If they had attempted to conform the
legislation of the Senate and of the House to the
Constitution they would have been back ; peace
and order, that we hear so much talk about,
that are so desirable to obtain, would have
been obtained in those States. We should
now have been discussing other questions than
the mere question of reconstruction, which we
have been discussing for some three or four
years past.
Mr. POMEROY. I did notparticipate in the
debate on the Virginia bill, and do not intend
to discuss the Mississippi bill. I only want to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
although Mississippi is here with a very large
vote, as the Senator from Illinois says, a veiy
decisive vote in favor of this constitution, al-
though there can be no exception taken that I
know of to the character or qualifications of
any of the members elected or officers elected
by her, yet I do see in the votes that were taken
upon the adoption of the constitution that they
did vote out one provision which looks to me
certainly a little ominous. And yet I suppose
perhaps it was voted out because it was mixed
up with other requisitions, and perhaps would
not have been rejected if it had stood by itself.
I refer to this clause which is contained in the
seventh article of their constitution. It is the
requirement of the constitution as to the oath
to be taken by persons who are to be regis-
tered as voters. They are required in the con-
stitution, by this article which was voted down,
to swear, among other things, that '' they
admit the political and civil equality of all
men;" that is, that they admit the fifteenth
amendment, for that is all there is in the
fifteenth amendment. As my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests, it may be a
little more than that, but that is the pith and
substance of the fifteenth amendment, which
they adopted; and yet when it was proposed
to require the voters, before they could be regis-
tered, to so swear, it was rejected, being sub-
mitted as a separate clause. By a decisive
majority, only about two thousand voting for
it and eighty thousand against it, they voted
down the very provision which is the gist and
essence of the fifteenth amendment.
The Senator from Illinois very well says that
he does not think this State or any of the
States will go backward, and yet this looks like
a retrograde movement from the sentiment of
the convention that made the constitution.
The convention that formed this constitution
thought that was a wise and necessary provis-
ion. They thought that the year and time had
come in the history of this country when the
civil and political equality of all men was
accepted, when it would not be offensive for
any man to swear, if he was to take an oath at
all, that he did accept and admit the great
doctrine which underlies our republican form
of government—that the political and civil
equality of all men is secured, is admitted, is
fundamental in the Government, without which
there can be no republican government in
spirit or form. Now, I say that a people who
will vote down deliberately such a proposition
as that, and yet afterward adopt the fifteenth
amendment, must be held to adopt that amend-
ment under some sort of restraint, and that it
is not really the sentiment of the State. It looks
to me as if they voted for that because they
wanted to comply with some of the conditions
that were imposed on their admission, rather
than because it was the voluntary, free expres-
sion of the State represented in the Legis-
lature ; and I would hesitate long before I
would exclude from conditions the admission
of any people who would deliberately vote
down the principles contained in the fifteenth
amendment.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. WARNER. I ask if it was not the
Republicans of Mississippi who voted down
that provision of the constitution of which he
speaks?
Mr. POMEROY. I am talking about the
people. 1 know that the people of Mississippi
