1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4951
T. Gates, postmaster at Thomiston, Connec-
ticut, praying Congress for relief from payment
of stamps stolen from his office November 17,
1868.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Samuel C.
Wall, a citizen of Stokes county, North Caro-
lina, for remoyal of political disabilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
J. W. Andrews, Douglass Putnam, John Mills,
and twenty-five others, of Marietta, Ohio, for
the repeal of legacy and succession duties.
By Mr. STRICKLAND : The memorial of
Mary J. Lqwry, asking for a pension for her
children under sixteen years of age.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of W. A.
Abbott, for his share of prize money.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June, 29,1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. J. P. newmax, Chaplain of the
Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
agricultural college scrip.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to have
taken from the Speaker's table, for consider-
ation at this time, Senate bill No. 107, amend-
atory of an act to protect the rights of actual
settlers upou the public lands of the United
States, approved Ju!y 27, 1868, and for other
purposes.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objections to its consideration at this
time will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
entitled " An act to protect the rights of actual
settlers upon the public lands of the United
States," approved July 27, 1868, shall be
amended by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That all such agricultural college scrip
shall bo received from actual settlers in payment of
preemption claims, in the same manner and to the
same extent as is now authorized by law in ease of
military bountyland warrants: And%trovidedfurther.
That all locations of such scrip made within thirty
days after the date of approval of said act of July 21,
1868, if otherwise in conformity with law, are hereby
legalized and made valid.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first, second, and third times, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new york post office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to have
read by the Clerk a letter which I have received
as a reply to a letter which was read the other
day at the request of the gentleman from Mieh-
igan, [Mr. Beamast,] in reference to the New
York new post office building.
Mi-. STEVENSON. I object to this con-
stant harping upon members who are not in
the House.
land districts in arkansas.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouii. I ask unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee
on the Public Lands, for consideration at this
time, a bill in relation to land districts in the
State of Aikansas.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections to its consideration at
this time will be in order.
The title of the bill was a bill to discontinue
the Clarksville, Arkansas, land district, and to
provide for the establishment of an additional
land district in that State. The first .lection pro-
vides that the district of land now subject to
disposal at Clarksville. Arkansas, shall be dis-
continued from and after July 1,1870, and that
thereafter the said land district shall be divided
as follows: beginning at the corner common
to townships twelve and thirteen, north, ranges
seventeen and eighteen west, and running ther.ce
west be! ween said townships to the corner com-
mon to townships twelve and thirteen north,
ranges twenty-six and twenty-seven west,thence
«outh with said range line to the corner common
to townships nine and ten north, thence west
on the line between said townships to the west-
ern boundary ofthe State; the lands lying north
of said division line within the limits of the
said Clarksville district to besubject to disposal
at Huntsville, Arkansas, and the lands lying
south of said division line within said district
to be subject to disposal at Dardanelle, Arkan-
sas, the same to bo known and designated as
the Huntsville and Dardanelle land districts.
The second section authorizes the President
of the United States to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, or dur-
ing the recess thereof and until the end of the
next ensuing session, a register and receiver
for each of said land districts, who shall be
required to reside at the site of their respective
offices, shall be subject to the same laws and
responsibilities, and whose compensation and
fees shall be respectively the same per annum
as are now allowed by law to other land dis-
tricts in said State.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. This bill
has been examined by the Committee on the
Public Lands, and I have been directed by the
committee to report it to the House, and
recommend its passage. It also has the sanc-
tion ofthe Commissioner of Public Lands.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
2350) was received and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
western judicial district of wisconsin.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iaskunanimousconsentto
take from the Speaker's table the bill (S. No.
722) to establish the western judicial district of
Wisconsin. I beg to say that the bill has passed
the Judiciary Committee of this House, that
it involves an additional expenditure to the
Government of only $3,500 a year, and that a
regard to the due administration of justice
requires that the bill should pass.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections will be
asked for, if any.
The bill was read. It provides in its first
section that that portion of the State of Wis-
consin comprising the counties of Rock, Jeffer-
son, Dane, Green, Grant, Columbia, Iowa,
La Fayette,Sauk, Richland, Crawford, Vernon,
LaCrosse, Monroe, Adams, Juneau, Buffalo,
Chippewa, Dunn, Clark, Jackson, Eau Claire,
Pepin, Marathon, Wood, Pierce, Polk,Portage,
St. Croix, Trempealeau, Douglas, Barron,
Burnett, Ashland, and Bayfield, shall hereafter
constitute a new judicial district, to be called
the western district of Wisconsin, and the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States for
said western district of Wisconsin shall be
held at the city of Madison and at the city of
La Crosse, within said district.
The second section provides that a term of
the circuit and district court of the United
States for said western district shall be held at
the city of Madison on the first Monday of
June, and at the city of La Crosse on the first
Monday of December in each year.
The third section provides that the district
of Wisconsin shall hereafter consist of the
counties of said State not named in this act,
and shall be called the eastern district of Wis-
consin ; and circuit and district courts of the
United States shall be held in said eastern dis-
trict, as follows : at the city of Oshkosh, on
the first Monday of July, and at the city of
Milwaukee cn the first Monday ot January
and on the first Monday of October in each
year.
. The fourth section provides that the said
circuit or district court for either of said dis-
tricts may in its discretion order special terms,
and order a grand or petit jury, or both, to
attend the same, by an order to be entered of
record twenty days before the day at which
said special term shall be ordered to convene;
and said courts respectively at such, special
terms shall have all the powers that they have
at a regnlar term appointed by law ; provided,
however, that no special term of said circuit
court for either district shall be appointed ex-
cept by and with the concurrence and consent
of the circuit judge.
The fifth section provides that all suits and
other proceedings of whatsoever name or na-
ture, now pending in the circuit or district
court of the United States for the district of
Wisconsin, shall be tried and disposed of in
the circuit and district courts, respectively, for
said eastern district as the same would have
been if this act had not been passed, and for
that purpose jurisdiction is reserved to the said
courts in the said eastern district; and the
clerks of the circuit and district courts of the
present district of Wisconsin shall retain the
records and files of the said circuit and dis-
trict courts, at the city of Milwaukee, and do
and perform all the duties appertaining to
their said offices, respectively, within the east-
ern district, except as is hereinafter provided ;
and all process returnable to or proceedings
noticed for any term of the present circuit or
district court shall be deemed to be return-
able to the next term of said courts, respect-
ively, in the said eastern district, as fixed by
this act.
The sixth section provides that upon appli-
cation of any party to any suit or proceeding
now pending in the present circuit or district
courts of the United States, for the present
district of Wisconsin, which should have been
commenced in the proper court for the western
district if this act had been in force at the time
of the commencement thereof, the proper
court shall order that the same be removed
for further proceedings to the proper court for
said western district; and thereupon the clerk
shall transmit certified copies of all the papers
and of all orders made therein to the clerk of
the court to which such suit or proceeding shall
be removed, and all further proceedings shall
be had in said court, to which the same shall
be removed as if the said suit or proceeding
had originally been commenced therein.
The seventh section provides that the pas-
sage of this act shall not have the effect to
destroy or impair the lien of any judgment or
decree rendered by the circuit or district court
of the United States for the present district
of Wisconsin, prior to this act taking effect;
and final process on any judgment or decree
entered in the circuit or district court of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin, or
which shall be entered therein prior to this act
taking effect, and all other process for the
enforcement of any order of said courts, re-
spectively, in any cause or proceeding now
pending therein, except causes or proceedings
removed as herein provided, shall be issued
from and made returnable to the proper court
for the eastern district of Wisconsin, and may
be directed to and executed by the marshal of
the United States for the said eastern district
in any part of the State of Wisconsin.
The eighth section provides that there shall
be appointed a district judge for said western
district of Wisconsin, who shall receive an
annual salary of $3,500; and there shall also
be appointed a marshal and district attorney
of the United States for said western district
of Wisconsin, who shall respectively rcceive
such fees and compensation, and exercise such
powers and perform such duties as are fixed
and enjoined by law.
The ninth section provides that the circuit
and district judges shall appoint two clerks,
