1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
do not like this system of combined labor for
mutual benefit. There is too much strength
in this kind ofunion, and it smacks too strongly
of independence to suit their interests. It would
suit the English monopolist better to do our
manufacturing, and have our western farmers
ship him the flour, beef, pork, &c., with which
he feeds his operatives; and American import-
ers on the Atlantic sea-board, shippers and
carriers, would also be better suited. Hence
the most malignant and virulent opposition of
free-traders is brought to bear against the iron
industry, and especially that branch of it which
is devoted to the manufacture of pig-iron.
The following pertinent and forcible para-
graphs are taken from the report of Mr. Hewitt,
to which I have already referred:
" The decision of this question ismainly of interest
to tho working classes thenisolves and to the great
boiiy of tho farmors, bocausoif tho iron businoss is
abandoned for tho presont in tho United States tho
labor now employed in it must in tho wain talte to
the soil, and a larger yield of agricultural products
bo insured. Tho surplus so produced must seek its
market in tho opon marts of tho world, and tho
mouths that would have beon fed on this sido of tho
Atlantic will simply bo fed elsewhore, although not
so abundantly and so gonorously. But it must bo
remembered thatwbatoverinay bo tho price of bread
in Europo at tho works whoro tho iron will bo made
would bo tho price which tho same operatives oould
iiffordtopayit'thoiron-works had boon placed whoro
tho Krai q is grown, and that tho cost of transportation
ihoneo is just so niueh'deductod from tho price which
tho farinor would liavoroceivedif tho grain had boon
consumod at hoino.
"Tho question is ono also which moro oonoorns
tho West than the Bast,.because tho loss caused by
transportation from tho Wast is greater; and tho
final decision of this groat auciition should therefore
bo well considered, especially with reference to tho
point whother tho s&vmg prodnood by tho purchase
of cheap iron and other articles will oompoiiBato for
tho loss entailod by tho transportation of tha groin."
Tho importation of Scotch pig to our prin-
cipal western cities during tho past year, to-
gether with increased domestic production, has
reduced the differontgradesof foundery irou in
that region full $5 per ton, and in view of the
heavy decline in the premium on gold, together
with the increased facilities for manufacture,
independent of any reduction of fluty, still fur-
ther reductions in prise may be confidently
expected, so that the clamor for cheap iron
will bo silenced. Our own production for 1809
certainly reached within less than 300,000 tons
oftha whole araoimtconsumed, having imported
less than that amount of pig and scrap together
during the year.
The latest and moat reliable statistics show a
rapid and gratifying increase in tha iron indus-
try in all its branches, particularly in tho West.
"VVhilo within three years no furnaco existed
in either Illinois or Indiana, there are now over
a dozan in full blast, and several now ones in
progress of erection. Missouri has increased
over 200 per cent, in production, and Ohio,
Michigan, and Wisconsin each show a heavy
increase.
The following table, embracing a poriod of
eighteen months, shows that within that timo 65
now blast furnaces have been erected, includ-
ing a few not yet finished, of which the South
and West have 39, distributed as follows:
Pennsylvania. X!)
New Jersoy   1
Virginia       -I
Indiana    ft
Michigan., S
Missouri ti
Georgia     t
Tennessee    1
New York  0
Maryland  1
Ohio    6
Illinois..;    8
"Wisconsin....       2
Kentucky         ^
Alabama  2
Total -   ..65
And it is estimated that the erection of no
less than 58 new furnaces, principally in tho
West, are in contemplation, and are only await-
ing the fate of the duty on pig-iron in Congress.
Nor are rolling and nail mills behind in their
increased contributions to the annual value of
iron products, the production of rails alone
having increased from 87,000 tons in 1853 to
580,000 in 1869; while the increased annual
production of bar-iron and steel affords grati-
fying evidence that the way to cheapen iron in
the American market is to give such protection
as will insure competition.
A QUESTION OF MONEY.
While it is in my judgmeut clearly our duty
to protect and stimulate the industries of tho
country, it is a still higher duty to make pro-
vision to free the nation as rapidly as may be
from a liability, the interest alone of which
forms a heavy item in our annual expenditures.
Hence, this is rather a question of money, or
thenecessity for money, than oftariff. Ibelicve
it is the desire of a large majority of tho peo-
ple of this country that our indebtedness should
bo mainly wiped out within the next twenty
years, and however successful we may and ex-
pect to be in reducing the rate of interest, still,
payment involves the necessity for revenue,
and any plea for a low tariff prior to the crea-
lion of our war debt, however good it may then
have been, will not apply now.
The doctrine of our fathers, as set forth ill
tho following preamble to a bill passed by the
First Congress of the United States, on the
4th day of July, 1780, applies with equal force
now as then, and tho fact that it was the sccond
act of that Congress proves the necessity for it:
"Whereas it is necessary for tho support of tho
Government, fur tho discharge ot tho debts of tho
United States, and tho encouragement and protec-
tion of American manufactures, that ilutiosbo laid
on goods, wares, and merchandise.
" Ha it cnacted," dee.
The policy, thus early inaugurated in that
bill and signod by tho immortal Washington,
has been adhered to by most of tho leading
statesmen in this country since that day, and,
as a means of developing tho resources of tho
country and tho reduction of the public debt,
will hardly bo surrendered now.
Protection to American manufactures, as
well as to agricultural productions, was ono of
tho wiso and salutary measures which enabled
us to carry on and successfully terminate tho
war for tho Union, and if sternly and inflexi-
bly adhored to will be ono of the principal
sources from which to draw tho moans ncecs-
sary to continue the rapid reduction of our na-
tional debt now going on. Adopt tho scale of
duties asked for by the freo-trado school of
economists, and that reduction will ccaso, tho
couutry become disheartened, and the ery of
repudiation, now faint and feeble, will be heard
in vigorous accents declaring the impossibility
of our ever being able to pay the debt.
Tho sum collected from duties on imports
for tho fiscal year ending June 00, 1809, was
ovor $180,000,000, while that arising from in-
ternal revenuo exceeded $158,000,000, making
together over $333,000,000, which, under exist-
ing laws will be considerably increased during
tho presont year. Wo might, in view of the
certain future incrsase of this sum, take from
theso two sources $50,000,000, one half of
which should be deducted from tho duties on
tea, coffee, sugar, and apices, and tho other
from such of tho internal duties as are most
burdensome and distasteful to the people.
And with the certain furthor reduction in
the current expenses of the Government, in-
augurated by the present Administration, we
would still bo able to reduce the public debt
$100,000,000per annum. No one doubts that
the census returns of 1870 will show the wealt h
of tho II nited States to bo full $30,000,000,000,
which, if the increase during past decades
be taken as correct data upon which to base
an estimate, must largely moro than double
during the next ten years, thus lightening tho
burdens of taxation more than one half and
evincing tho practicability of an annual reduc-
tion of rates equal to our increase in wealth.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Unless the gentleman
desires to proceed to-night, I will move, as it
is late, that the committee rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. . I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Welker.
having taken the chair as the Speaker pxo
tempore, Mr. CHURCHiLLreportedthat the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. B . No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr, SCHENCK,
the House (at nine o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ADAMS : The petition and accom-
panying papers of George Denny, of Garrard
county, Kentucky, for payment of claim for
forage sold to the United States.
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: Tho petition of
Henry R. Clark and 137 others, residents of
Hughessville, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against free trade and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., the
products of other countries, and such readjust-
ment of duty on articles manufactured in this
country as will protect home industry.
Also, tho petition of John H. Millspaugh
and 74 others, workinginen and citizens of
Williamsport, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Thomas J. Strait and
100 others, mechanics of Williamsport, Lycom-
ing county, Pennsylvania, forthe same purpose.
Also, apetition of 78 workingmen and citizens
of Lawrcncevillc, Tioga county, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 134 citizens of ibe town
of Bloss, in the county of Tioga, Pennsylvania,
against the continuance of the income lax.
Also, a petition of 78 citizens of Tiug.i
county, Pennsylvania, for tho same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Carpenter's
Station, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for
tho abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of West Coving
ton, Tioga county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of tho franking privilege.
By Mr. BANKS : The memorial of Geneiai
W. S. Rosecrans upon the present eondition
of the republic of Mexico and the measures
best calculated tu develop its resources and
secure the permanent establishment of repub-
lican institutions in that country.
Also, the memorial of Seth Wilmarth, stating
that he has invented a useful mechanical appa-
ratus for raising and lowering turrets in tur-
reted vessels by a hydraulic lift; that the said
invention has been applied to our monitor ves-
sels and proved to he highly valuable; and
asking that Congress will award to him a rea-
sonable compensation for the use of this inven-
tion, either by purchasing a patent or paying
him a certain sum for caeh vessel on which it
shall be employed.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of E. B. Ward
and 71 others, citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
for the remission of taxes upon labor as an
unnecessary and unjust imposition, whether in
Urn form of a license for making, or upon the
article when made, or on the selling of the
same, and requesting that the tax-gatherers'
visits to their workshops be at once discon-
tinued.
By Mr. BRADFORD: The petition of Ma-
jor La Fayette Head and 144 others, citizens
of Conejos county, Colorado, against the bill
now before Congress for annexing said' county
to New Mexico.
ByMr.JBUFFINTON: The memorial of
Messrs. Lou in, Snow, and 99 others, citizens
of J^ew Bedford, Massachusetts, praying that
