'2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,-
a mercantile commission be appointed by the
Presidentto examine and determine the actual
loss sustained by eitiaens of the United States
in consequence Of depredations committed by
confederate cruisers.
Also, the Memorial of Oliver J. Goodspeed,
of Mattapoisett", Massachusetts, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
^memorial of citizens of Virginia and North
Carolina for aft appropriation to improve the
entrances to Albemarle and Chesapeake canal.
Also, a petition from citizens of Gloucester,
Salem, Beverly, and Lynn, captains and own-
ers of vessels, for the intervention of Congress
for protection from illegal exactions in the
matter of pilot-fees.
Also, the petition of Lewis E. Riley, of
schooner S. A. Douglas, for intervention of
Congress against illegal tonnage exactions by
the State of Virginia.
By Mr. DA"\V ES : The petition of executor
and sole next of kill of Sarah Eggleston.
By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of the Beaver
County, Pennsylvania, Medical Society, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law which shall per-
manently accord to medical officers of the Navy
such rank, material privileges, immunities, and
accommodations, as well as such definite pro-
tection to their authority as may be deemed
proper and needful in the premises.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Mrs. Emily A. Wilcox, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. XlALDEMAN : A petition of 44 resi-
dents of Now Cumberland, Cumberland county,
Pennsylvania, protesting' against free Lrado,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coli'ee, &c., ami for .such readjustment of duty
011 home productions as will maintain domestic
industry.
By Mr. LO(iAN : A petition of Defrauded
Soldiers' and Sailors' Associations, for pay and
bounty which they have been deprived of by
the Irauds of claim agents.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition of merchants
of New York, against admitting foreign-built
vessels to American registry.
Also, thepetitionoflloratioMoodyand other
citizens of Kermelmnk, Maine, for improve-
ment of Keimebunk river.
liy .Mr. M.AYNARI): The memorial of
Thomas J. Pruaise, of Anderson county, Ten-
nessee, late brevet surgeon eighth regiment
Missouri State militia, praying compensation
for use of horse and equipage.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
>S. .1. Sauford, John Levi, and John Cagg,
representing that, they were soldiers in the war
of 1812, arid are now reduced by want and the
infirmities of ago to the condition of inmates of
the infirmary of Athens county, Ohio, and
praying such relief may be granted them as i
their former services, the honor of thecouutry, I
anil their present, necessities demand.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of John
Sellers and 100 others, citizens of Knox county,
Ohio, irrespective of party, praying Congress to
abolish the national banks, issue §500,000,000
in greenbacks, and pay off $1140,000,000 of
the five-twenty bonds in greenbacks at par.
Also, the petition of Patrick Dugan and
GUOothers, citi/.ensofMuskingumcounty, Ohio,
without regard to'party, to the same effect.
Also, tho petition of R. W. McClaiu and
numerous citizens of Coshocton county, Ohio,
irrespective of party, to tho same effect.
Also, the petition of John XI. Gormley, G.
W. Brenholts, and numerous others, citizens
of Muskingum county, Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Noble Kelley, Imri R.
Kelley, and numerous others, citizens ot Mus-
kingum county, Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of R. L. Field, of Peters-
burg, Virginia, asking for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities.
Also, the petition ofG. V/. Boiling, of Peters-
burg, Virginia, asking for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities.
Also, the petition of Nancy iMoore, widow !
of William H. Moore, a soldier in Wayne's
array, asking fo* a pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition-numeroasly
Sigfted by natives of fteland, citizens or about
to become citizens of the United States, and
residing in Pennsylvania, asking for adequate
protection to American industry.
By Mr. RANDALL r A petition from more
than 180 natives of Ireland, citizens, or having
the intention to become citizens of the United
States, asking that protection be secured to the
industry of-the country.
By Mr. STRADER: A memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati, Ohio, in
relation to the Louisville and Portland canal.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of John W.
Boughman and 40 others, mechanics of Balti-
more, Maryland, protesting against any change
in the tariff laws for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries not produced in
this country, and for such readjustment of
duty on articles made in this country as will
sustain home industry.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of E. Hamp-
son, for arrears of pension. 1 ■
Also, the petition of Cuyahoga Steam Fur-
nace Company and other manufacturers of
tools and machinery, of Cleveland, Ohio, ask-
ing Congress to fix the duties on steel at the
rates recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Also, the petition of E, Lewis and 94 others,
citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, asking an exam-
ination of the report of Special Commissioner
David A. Wells.
Also, the petition of 0. Bradburn and 20
others, citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, on tho
same subject.
Also, the petition of Re&dnigton & Adams
and others, of Cleveland, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of Cuyahoga Steam Fur-
nace Company and 46 other companies, of
Cleveland, Ohio, employing about seven thou-
sand men, on the same subject.
By Mr. VOORHEE3 : The petition of A.
McGregor & Co. and 143 others, citizens of
Terre Hqute, Indiana, praying tho passage of
a law requiring that all the-tax On spirits dis-
tilled within the United States may be col-
luded at the distillery or distillery warehouse,
increasing the tax to cover the separate and
minute taxes on the same spirits now otherwise
collected.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 22, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P, New-
man', D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read tho Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNEU. I object. It ought to be
read.
The Secretary continued the reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any Senator
listening, and I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal,
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. Tho Chair hears no objection.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the Ilouse of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 441). prescribing the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury in certain cases
therein named. The amendment was in line
three of the bill, to strike out the words " its
stocks or bonds" and to insert "stocks or
bonds issued or guarantied by such State."
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that tho amend-
ment be concurred in, I have examined it.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills inferred.
The' following bills and joint resolution,
received from the House of Representatives
yesterday, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:"
The bill (H. R. No. 1598) for the relief of
the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of CharlesJ
ton, South Carolina—to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The bill (H. R.'No. 1598) to facilitate the
administration of justice in the State of Texas—
to the Committee oil the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 204) relat-
ing to obtaining statistics of the surviving sol-
diers and sailors of the war of 18X2—to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tho
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of February 24, 1870,
information in relation to the marine hospital
building at New Orleans; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
James M. Trotter and William H. Dupree, two
colored men, who were commissioned by Gov-
ernor Andrew in the fifty-fifth Massachusetts
regiment but were not mustered in for several
months, asking for compensation during that
time. I move its reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati,
Ohio, setting forth the necessity for the com-
pletion of the Louisville and Portland canal,
and praying an early appropriation, as called
for by General Weitzcl, the engineer in charge
of the work, so that he can carry out his plan
in completing the canal. I move its reference
to the Committee "on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of R. R.
Heath, of Memphis, Tennessee, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval Of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of John Wilson, A. O. Norris, and Elijah
Webb, of Anderson county, South Carolina;
and the petition of John B. Faulkner of Char-
lotte county, Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
B. Trueheart, Amelia county, Virginia ; of G.
II. Southall, Ameliacounty, Virginia,; of Chap-
man J. Harbair, Patrick county, Virginia ; of
Thomas Lewis, Roanoke county, Virginia; of
Lewis T. Mann, Henrico county, Virginia; of
John T. Griffin and Peter W. Ross, B runswick
county, Virginia; of E. A. J. Morris, Amelia
county, Virginia; of James Medley, Halifax
county, Virginia; of C. B. Featherston, Char-
lotte county, Virginia; of William D. Sr.ultz,
Ilent'y County, Virginia; of A. C. Tucker.
Amelia county, Virginia; of Samuel Kingree,
Shenandoah county, Virginia; of G. II. II.
Koontn. Shenandoah county, Virginia ; of S.
It. Moore, Shenandoah county, Virginia.; of
John C. Fitz, Buckingham county, Virginia;
of S. G. Cooke, Stafford county, Virginia; of
John J. Bass, Middlesex county, Virginia; of
R. A. Bird, Shenandoah county, Virginia; of
W. F. C. Gregory, Petersburg, Virginia; of
O. L. dinger, Virginia; of John M. Romeck,
Shenandoah county, Virginia; of Hugh M.
Patton, Culpepper county, Virginia; of 3. K.
Philips, Henrico county, Virginia; of B. P.
Gaines, Henrico county, Virginia; of Madison
Allen, Bland county, Virginia; of William F.
Smith, Augusta county, Virginia; of William
L. Henley, Yoik county, Virginia; of L. 0.
Crump, New Kent county, Virginia; of Wil-
liam-T. Hanes, Henrico county, Virginia; of
Robert C. Surrency, Tat nail county, Georgia ;■
of James A. Taylor, Patrick county, Virginia ;
of I. P. Cietz, Patrick eotinty, Virginia : of
Parke Stater, Virginia; of James J. Atkins.
