4952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June. 20,
each of whom slia.ll be clerks batla of the cir-
cuit and district courts for said western dis-
trict, one of whom shall reside and keep his
office at_ the city of Madison, and the other
shall reside and keep his office at the city of
La Crosse, who shall receive the fees and
compensation for services performed by them,
respectively, now fixed by law.
The tenth section provides that cither of the
clerks of the circuit and district courts for said
western district is hereby authorized, under
the direction of the district judge of said west-
ern district, to make a transcript from any of
the records, files, or papers of the district and
circuit courts of the United States remaining
in the office of the clerks, in said eastern dis-
trict, of all matters and proceedings which
relate to or concern liens upon or titles to real
estate situate in said western district, and for
that purpose shall liavo access to said records
in the office of the said clerks in said eastern
district; and such transcripts, when so made
by either of said clerks, shall be certified to be
true and correct by the clerk making the same,
and the same when so made and certified shall
be evidence in all courts and places equally
with said originals.
The eleventh section provides that this act
shall not affect the taking of the census in the
State of Wisconsin in A. 0.1870; but the same
shall be had, made, and taken as though this
act had not been passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1" must object to this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 only ask the gentleman
to consider that, under the law as it is, (he
mileage of witnesses from this additional dis-
trict is greater than will be the cost of this
additional judge.
Mr. HOLMAN. I beg to say that Indiana
is as much entitled to an additional judicial
district as Wisconsin ; but both the Senate and
the House have refused one for that State.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 think the gentleman
is mistaken. There has been no such bill with
regard to Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not persist in my
objection.
The bill (S. No. 722) to establish the west-
ern judicial district of Wisconsin was received,
and read a first and second time.
Mx\ BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was secon'ded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading : and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON TUB SPEAKER'S T AISLE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that we
go to the Speaker's table, and put on their
passage all the bills to which there is no objec-
tion. In this way we will stop all this pulling
and hauling.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois makes the proposition that all the bills on
the Speaker's table be called over, and that
those be allowed to pass to which no objection
is made. Is there objection?
^Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The remaining
bills to keep their places?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. STILES. I object.
T. J. JOBE.
Mr. BECK. I desire to report from the select
Committee on Reconstruction a bill—the first,
I believe, unanimously reported from that com-
mittee—to relieve T. J. .lobe, of Catoosa county,
Georgia, from political disabilities.
The bill was read. It proposes that all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teen! h article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States on persons who shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or given aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof, shall be and
they are hereby removed from T. J. Jobe, of
Catoosa county, Georgia.
Mr. STOKES. I object.
Mr. BECK. This'is merely to correct a
mistake in an act which has passed both
Houses.
Mr. STOKES. I object. The committee
have before them any number of bills intro-
duced by myself for the relief of persons who
have petitioned to have their disabilities re-
moved. The committee have had those bills
under consideration for months, and I object
to any more bills of this kind being passed
until the committee shall report those affecting
my constituents.
BUSINESS ON TIIK SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STILES. I withdraw my objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Faunsworth] in regard to proceeding to
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania having withdrawn his objection,
the bills on the Speaker's table will be called
through, and those to which no objection is
made will be read three times and passed.
RELIEF OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The first business on the Speaker's table
wasthejointresolution (II. R. No. 109) amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, approved July 20,
1808, with Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
Senate amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strike out alt from line four, down to the word
" persons," in lino fourteen, namely, tlie following
words:
The person to whom the commission shall have
issued shall be considered a,s commissioned to the
grade named therein, from the date when the com-
mission was issued by competent authority, and en-
titled to all pay and emoluments as it'actually mus-
tered at that date: Provided, That at the time of
the issuing of the same he was performing the duties
of the grade to which lie was commissioned, or from
such time after the issuing of his commission as ho
may hayo actually entcied on such duties.
Mr. COX. I would like to licar the House
bill read.
The Clerk read the bill. Itprovides that the
joint resolution for the relief of certain officers
of the Army, approved July 26,1806, shall be so
construed and amended that in all cases aris-
ing under the same persons held as prisoners
of war by the enemy, or who shall have been
in hospital by reason of wounds or disability
at the time of the issuing of their commissions,
shall be entitled to the same pay, emoluments,
and benefits under this resolution as if actually
performing the duties of the grade to which
they were commissioned.
Mr. ASPER. I ask that the amendment bo
non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment of the Senate will be non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
ordered.
There was no objection.
JURORS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments t.o the bill (H. R. No.
030) t,o provide for the compensation of grand
and petit jurors in the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and for other purposes.
The amendments of the Senate were read,'
as follows:
In section two, line four, slriko out the word
peremptory."
Add the following as a now section :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the act of
Congress, appioved March 3, 1849, entitled "An act
concerning the selection ol juror^ in certain courts
of the United States," and the act of Congress ap-
proved March 19,18i2. entitled " An actsupplcment-
ary to an act eutiiled 'An act to amend an act ap-
pioyed May 13, 1600, enti'lcd "Ail act to amend an
act to establish (he judicial courts of the United
Mates"' be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. MERCUR. I hope the amendments
will be non-concurred in,
There being no objection, the amendments
were non-concurred in, and a committee of
conference ordered.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION Blf.I;:
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
1828) making appropriations for the seryicc
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 187J.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Strike out all after the word "dollars,"" in lineone,
page 10, and down to and including line four.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to con-
curring in this amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to a con-
currence.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment will be considered as non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
ordered.
There was no objection.
PAVING OF PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
2275) to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On line one hundred and seventeen, page 3, after
the word " rails," insert " and between thottracks.''
On line three, page 4, after the word " tracks,"
insert "and between the tracks."
Mr. WELKER. I hope the amendments
will be concurred in.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest that they go to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. WELKER. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendments will be considered as non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
will be ordered.
There was no objection.
LAND ENTRIES IN ALABAMA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was bill (S. No. 435) to confirm entries of
public land* in certain cases in the State of
xYlabama.
The bill was read. It provides that, in cases
where entries were made under the act of Con-
gress approved the 4th of August, 1854, en-
titled "An act to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivatois,'' and the parties in good faith
went upon the land embraced in their entries,
and became actual settlers and cultivators
thereof, according to the requirements of the
lavf, but were afterward forced to abandon
their homes on the land in consequence of the
disturbed condition of the country during the
late war, their entries shall be confirmed and
patented to them, their heirs or assigns re-
spectively, notwithstanding such abandonment,
on satisfactory proof of the facts being pro-
duced to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office within twelve months from the
approval of the act. But nothing in the act
is to be so construed as to confirm any entries
which have heretofore been annulled and
vacated by said Commissioner on account of
fraud, evasion of law, or other special cause.
But this act is not to affect the rights of sub-
sequent purchasers in good faith.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The Com-
mittee^ on the Public Lands have considered
this bid, and desire it to be passed.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
SOUTHERN BRANCH UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The next business on the Speaker's table wag
the joint resolution (S. It, No. 120) to cor-
rectly enroll section ten of an act entitled aAu
act granting lands to the State of Kansas to
a'r i "V-k® construction of a southern branch
?i ,e ,n'°" Pne'fic rail way and telegraph from
rot 14>.i ey,Kansas, to Fort Sreith, Arkansas.''
