1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
Mecklenburg county, Virginia; of A. But-
ler, Louisa county, Virginia; of J. M. Gills,
Amelia county, Virginia; of Strother Hard-
ing, Stafford county, Virginia; of Thomas M.
Mount, Loudon aounty, Virginia; of I. Over-
beyor, Prince Edward county, Virginia; of B.
L. Johnson, Louisa county, Virginia, and of
J. L. Mills, Louisa county, Virginia, praying
for the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the sclect Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The VICE PRESI DENT presented two peti-
tions of citizens of Kentucky and Nebraska,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were ordered to lie on the table._
Mr. SPENCELi presented the petitions of
Thomas J. Taylor, ofHuntsvillc, Alabama, and
of S. A. M. Wood, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
WITHDRAWAL W
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That William. Rutherford, of Washing-
ton, District ol' Columbia, who prays tor reimburse-
ment lor lo:;s siiHtainetl iu tho lii'u at Ym'klown, V iv-
Kina. liw. while endeavoring to savo Government
stores, have leavo to withdraw Ms petition ami
papers from tlio files of tho Sonuto.
Ill",POUT," 01'' CO.MMtTTKl'IS
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. W?) to authorise the
President, of tho United States to restore to
tho active list ccrtain ofiicm of the medical
department, repented it williout. auiundtneiH.
lie also, from the same coiuuiiltoe, to whom
was rcfcircd the bill (II, It. No. 0 lii) to provide
for llu: survey of the Fort Gratiot reservation,
in tin; Stale of Michigan, reported il without
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from tin' Committee on
Military Affairs, u> whom was referred the
memorial of Dr. John P. Heed respecting pro-
jectiles foi' riflod camion, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. till I) lor the n-
liefof Dr. John P. Heed. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
petition of J. Ross Browne, praying payment,
of balance of salary as minister to China and
reimbursement of money paid for oilier rent,
clerk hire, and other expenses incident lo hi,,
mission, reported a bill (S, No. (!!>-) tor the
reliefof.l. Itoss Browne, lute minister lo China.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read
big.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution moved by the
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. FiiunvJ to
amend thetUirty-iiinlh rule of the Senate, so as
to provide that any treaty lor tho annexation
to the United States of the entire dominion of
any foreign Power may be considered iu open
session, have bad tho same under consideration
und directed me to report that it be indefinitely
postponed. I do not seo the Keuator from
Connecticut in his seat, and therefore I do not
ask that it he acted on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie uu the
table.
Mr. STEWART, from tho Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred tho
bill (U. R. No. 502) to amend an net granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners over
tiie public lands, and for other purposes, im-
ported it with amendments
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. (>08) to strengthen the legal
reserves of national bankh, and to provide for
the resumption of specie payments on and alter
January 1*, 1U71, to report it back to tho Sen-
ate and recommend ils indefinite postpone-
mThe VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie so
ordered if uo objection be made.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Mian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill;VS. No.
G40) to promote the civilization of Indians and
to prepare them for the rights and duties ol
citizenship, have instructed me to report it
with an amendment,
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection I
should like to have that bill pat ou its passage
now.
Mr. POMEROY. It can hardly be passed in
the morning honr. I have not seen it ill print.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been printed, with
an amendment, mid recommitted.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not seen the
amendment. I do not know what it is._
Mr." HARLAN. The amendment is the
same that was printed a number of days ago,
and which is on the Senator's file of bills.
Mr. POMEROY. We ought to have an
opportunity to look into it.
Tho VICE PRESI DENT. Objection is made,
and the bill will he placed on the Calendar.
claims on japan,
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Eoreigu
Relations, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 151) authorizing the Sec-
retary of State to adjust certain claims, and
directing the payment thereof, have had the
same under consideration, and direct me to
report, it back with a recommendation that it
pass.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask tho Senate to consider
the joint resolution at tho present time.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no reason why it
should not. be. 11 has already at a former ses-
sion been reported favorably and passed by
the Senate.
Atr. POMEROY. Let if he read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it, will he read
for information.
The Secretary read tho joint, resolution, as
follows:
Ih'whatA-e., That tho Suerotary of Htato ho, and
hereby in, directed lo asoerlain and allow the dam-
ukoh wliii'U ought lo ho paid lo the owners of tho
steamer Monitor or l>'eo I'mir, their representatives
or imsiRns, tor the injuries KiMUinieit from bolnglircd
Sh!o l>v tho batteries of thoilairuio of Na^ato in J uly,
IStil, and that tho sum allowed by the Secretary of
State, together with tho expenses attending tho
ascertainment tiieieof, be puitl out of tho moneys
reeeived f->r indemnities from tho Government of
Japan.
tine. J. Aiid Ac -if further rewfocd, That tho Secre-
tary of State bo, aud here/by is, authorised to appoint
a commissioner or oommisHionors, as may bo ncees-
s.'iiy, to lake testimony in Japan, or clsowhero, in
i elat ion to aue.li damages, and report tho sauio to
hue, and that, anyoonsulnr or diplomatic otlieor who
mav bo ho appointed shall bo entitled to a. reason-
able eomponsatiou, to bo allowed by tho Hecretary
of State, m addition to bis official salary or emolu-
ments.
There being no objection, tho Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Tho joint resolution was reported lo the Sen-
ate wit iiout amendment, ordered to bo engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
pas,led.
KOUKTlliti TO V0MJNW.HS.
Mr. PENTQN. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up a resolution offered by me
some days ago, tho objection to which has been
withdrawn. It is important, in view of the fact
of the cases being before tho Court of Claims,,
that action should be faken. It is a resolution
ior rcfcrence simply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent to take up
a resolution heretofore offered by him.
There being no objection, tho Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the followingresolntion, sub-
mitted by llv. Pi; n't on on tho ]5th instant:
I Whereas certain of the veteran volunteers who
Jj served dtirin-i the late tobeli ion have been defrauded
J and deprived of Ilia fifty dollars and 8100 bounty
■ 1 allowed tlicm by tho act of Congress approved July
2S, IsGti; and whereas they claim tliatthoy have been
defrauded and deprived of their bounty not through
any neglect on their part, but through tho lachcs of
Hie duly authorised agent of the United States, and
they have brought suit in tho Court of Claims against
the United States ior their several bounties; and
whereas tho payment of live or toil dollars counsel
feo in such case, together with sis to eisjkt dollars
in each .case for taking testimony, obtaining requi-
sitions upon' tho Departments, &c., is a grievous
deduction from their bounty of fifty or §100, partic-
ularly if the fault lies as they allege, not at all on
their own part# but rather upon, that of the-agent of
tho Government; Therefore,
.£& it resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be
instructed to iwmi*e and report to the Senate whether
or not ii' the Cpurt of Claims shall give judgment
against tho United States upon the petition of said
volunteers, it "will be expedient as well as just to
authorize and direct the Secretary of the lreasury
to pay each of said volunteers obtaining judgment,
as aforesaid, the sum of twenty dollars, to reimburse
them for tho necessary costs of their several suits as
aforesaid; such Sums to be paid out Of any moneys
in the Treasury not-otherwise appropriated ; and
iurthermore, whether section five ot the act 01 ton-
gross approved Slareh 3, 1863, entitled An act to
amend an act to establish a court for the investiga-
tion of claims against the United States, approved
l^ebruary 2-1,1855," and section one of the act of Con-
gress approved March 17,1806, entitled "An act m
relation to the Court of Claims," should not be sus-
pended so far as these cases are concerned, thus giv-
ing to tho Court of Claims solo and final jurisdiction
concerning these cases.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that a resolution of
inquiry ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, with a pre-
amble which recites various facts.
Mr. FENTON. It is aresolution of inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
to refer the resolution. The reference does
not affirm the facts stated in the preamble.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
message f110m TI1B house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cmnton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill, in tvliieh it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1595) to amend an act
entitled " An act providing for the takiug of
the seventh and subsequent censuses ol the
United States, and to tix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives, and
to provide for their future apportionment among
the several States," approved May 28, 1850.
enkolled BI1LS SIGNED.
The messagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution: and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President;
Tho bill (H. R. No, 860) to confirm the ap-
portionment ayd amend certain laws of tho
Territory of Arizona ; and
The joint resolution (II. 11. No. 53) for the
relief of Francis S. McDonald.
ClUNUitAL Ci. n. PAUL.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the joint resolution (S. li. No. 158)
for the relief of Brigadier General Gabriel R.
Paul, of the United States Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does that give him the
full pay of his rank, or a pension of that
amount?
Mr. SCHURZ, Ho is a retired officer, and
it gives him the pay of that rank. He was shot
through both eyes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt it is a
very meritorious case, but I am afraid of the
precedent.
Mr. PQMEROY. I wish the Senator from
Missouri would state some fact about it, so that
il may go into the Globe. It would look as if
this was an exceptional case.
Mr. SCHURZ. General Paul was in com-
mand of a brigade at the battle of Gettysburg
He was shot through both eyes, and lost his
sight in consequence thereof.
Mr. POMEKOY. Is he entirely blind?
Mr. SGHURZi Entirely blind, utterly dis-
abled. He was one of. the most meritorious
officers of the Army. The Military Committee
investigated- the ease thoroughly, and unani-
mously resolved to report this resolution.
Mr. CAMIiROJSf. 1 hope we shall not decide
this question now. I have the ease of a pnvato
soldier In my neighborhood wounded in the
same way, and J;.wa,nt to get up his-case before,
this passes; said- have him included. I think
