1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ■ GLOBE.
4009
quires that we shall proceed three evenings of
the week to do just what we are doing.
The PRESIDENT jwoferapo'e. It requires
unauimous consent to pass over the pending
bill. The business before the Senate is the
Indian appropriation bill, and that cannot be
displaced except by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to remind my friend
from Vermont that every rule has its excep-
tions. The Senator from New Hampshire is
to leave to night for his home, and ho naturally
wishes to have the Senate act on this bill,
in which ho is interested, before he goes. I
think that that is a sufficient reason, and I
hope my friend from Vermont will withdraw
his objection. The rule is an excellent one ; I
stand by him upon the rule; but I think that
the exception ought to be respected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Vermont insist on the objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand that
the Senator from New Hampshire stated that
he wanted to leave to-night to go home.
Air. CRAGIN. To-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To-morrow morning.
Mr. CRAGIN. Probably not until to-mor-
row evening; butlhave no ideaof being able
to reach this bill in the day time to-morrow.
Everybody knows that the appropriation bill
will occupy the Senate to-morrow without any
doubt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I find it perfectly useless
to have a sense of duty stand between me and
the wish to gratify my friends. No man has
here pluck enough to do that, I suppose, so I
withdraw the objection to this and every other
bill, and Senators may take up just as many
bills as they like, and get into any amount of
confusion, and pensioners can wait.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the bill leads to discus-
sion I shall not press its consideration now.
This hill is reported from the Committee on
Territories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the bill will be taken up. The
Chair hears none, and the bill (S. No. G-i-1) to
incorporate the United States Freehold Land
and Emigration Company, and to confirm cer-
tain legislation in Colorado Territory, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that bill read, if my friend from New Hamp-
shire is willing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has been read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any objection to
the Senate, before they vote on it, hearing it
read for information again, as it is so long
since it was read? If there is I withdraw the
request.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
and before the reading was concluded,
Mr. HOWELL. I understand they have a
territorial Legislature out, in Colorado ; have
they not ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like to hear the
bill read through for information. It seems to
me very extraordinary.
The Chief Clerk continued, and concluded
the reading of the bill.
Mi-. CRAGIN. I will barely state that this
company own at the present time a million
acres of land in the Territory of Colorado, and
about the same quantity in New Mexico. It
is their own land; they have a perfect title to
it. There is a large company from Holland
desiring to immigrate and settle upon this land.
By an act of Congress, the Territory of Colorado
and all the Territories are limited in their
powers as to granting corporations. They are
limited to granting corporations for mining,
manufacturing, and industrial purposes. Now,
this company wish to dispose of these lands.
They have large mining interests; and all they
ask of the Government is the right of way from
their lands to one of the nearest railroads, they
proposing to build the road themselves from
the proceeds of the sale of these lands. This
company is already organized, and I am told
by men of high character that some twenty
thousand immigrants are expected from Hol-
land the present year.
My friend, the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schdrz,] knows more about this case than I
do. He and I were a sub-committee of the
Committee on Territories to examine this mat-
ter, and I reported it to the Senate. The Ter-
ritory of Colorado lias already granted to this
company all that it can grant, and the com-
pany wish that Congress may confirm that
legislation oftheTerricory of Colorado and give
this additional right of way for a railroad from
the company's lands to the nearest railroad,
either the Kansas Pacific or the Union Pacific,
or the Denver branch railroad. The land lying
in two Territories, of course no act from one
of them is of any account, and no act of any
Territory is valid so far as granting the right
of way through the public domain for a railroad
is concerned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from New Hampshire where we get
the power to incorporate such a corporation
as this under the Constitution of the United
States ?
Mr. CIIAGIN. We have exclusive legisla-
tion over the Territories, I take it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, we have; but this
bill does not provide that this shall be a cor-
poration confined to any one Territory, or to
any two Territories, or to any other Territory.
It is a universal grant of universal powers. It
would not be much of an exaggeration to say
that it is a corporation to do business any-
where and of almost any kind. Now, I ask
my friend from New Hampshire in all serious-
ness whether he ever knew of Congress passing
an act of incorporation of this kind before, not
limited specifically to some Territory of the
United Slates, or to the District of Columbia,
or with such powers?
Mr. CRAGIN. I understand this to be con-
fined to those two Territories.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend read the
clause of the bill that confines it to them?
Mr. CRAGIN. It may be amended to so
confine it. I havo not looked at the bill for a
long time.
Mr. EDMUNDS/ I should like to ask my
ftiend from New Hampshire also whether there
is any provision for the liability of stockholders,
or for any of the capital being paid up, or for
this act being subject to amendment or repeal,
or any of the usual provisions inserted in acts
of incorporation to protect ike public against
improper practices by withdrawing capital?
Sir. CRAGIN. I am not able to answer all
those questions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I fail to see any such
provisions in the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have no doubt that Con-
gress would have the undoubted right to repeal
this law at any time.
Mr. ANTHONY, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair.) There is in this bill a provision that it
shall be subject to all acts of Congress in
amendment or repeal thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whereabouts is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is not it should
be there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am finding what is in
the bill, not what ought to be in it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator has
the first bill reported. The bill as first reported
from the Committee on Territories was recom-
mitted on account of some objections made to
it, and then was reported again with amend-
ments to obviate those objections.
Mr. President, the case is this: a number
of gentlemen purchased a large amount of
land ill Colorado and New Mexico ; they do
not design, as is too often the case with great
land companies, to hold this land up for spec-
ulative purposes ; but they have made arrange-
ments to bring forward an immediate emigra-
tion from Holland, a very desirable class of
emigration, an emigration of frugal, industri-
ous, and what we Yankees call somewhat fore-
handed men. They have made this arrange-
ment, and they have secured in Holland the
capital to accomplish it; but the Dutch bank-
ers, being proverbially careful, are unwilling to
ti;ust to the legislation of a Territory, because
the legislation of a Territory is subject to the
revision of Congress, and therefore they have
made it a condition that the company shall
obtain the sanction of Congress to this terri
torial legislation. The bill only gives the sane
tionof Congress to that which the territorial
Legislature had a perfect right to enact; and
those provisions which have struck Senators
as being extraordinary are, I believe, a literal
transcript of the incorporation law of Colorado.
The bill, of course, makes it applicable to New
Mexico.
The bill has been carefully considered by
the Committee on Territories, and, as I believe
has the unanimous approval of the committee.
The parties ask for a railroad grant, and there
I think I can see some cause of objection. The
l'ailroad grant they ask is of a most extraor-
dinary character. X never knew one of the
kind to be made in this body before. They
ask the privilege of laying their rails across
the public land from a convenient point in
their possessions to one of the Pacific rail-
roads, either the one that is already in opera-
tion or any one that may be chartered. They
ask neither subsidy nor lands. I suppose if
they came here asking so many alternate sec-
tions of land within thirty or forty miles of
their road there would be some chanco of their
getting it through. I fear the difficulty is that
their claim is so modest; they only ask the
privilege of laying their rails across the public
domain.
Mr. 110WE. Move that amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would but for my friend
from Iowa.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask the Senator in what
manner they became possessed of this land?
Mr. ANTHONY. By purchase ; honestly
paying for it with their own money.
Mr. TIP TON. Was the land in market
subject to private entry, or did an act of Con-
gress authorize the sale m a body?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know how tliey
came in possession of it, except that they bought
it and paid for it.
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to know what
allusion the Senator from Rhode Island made
to me.
Mr. CRAGIN. There was an act of Con-
gress confirming their titles some years ago.
it was originally a Spanish grant.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is anything in
this bill that is not precisely what it ought to
be I hope it will be amended. I am sure the
corporators desire it; and if they do not, I do.
If there is anything that is there contrary to
the public interest, or if there is anything that
gives them rights (with the exception of the
right of laying their rails across the public
domain) which any individual alone would not
have, I should like to havo it amended.
Mr. HOWELL. I am astonished that the
Senator from Rhode Island, with his practical
good sense, did not put in his bill a grant of
forty sections of land to the mile. I am sure
that no such bill has ever failed passing the
Senate, and I am almost sure that his bill will
fail without that provision granting forty sec-
tions to the mile.
Mr. NYE. Do you propose to move that
! as an amendment?
j Mr. HOWELL. Not now. Time will show
i how inconsiderate the Senator from Rhode
Island was in this matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am afraid that iu my
desire to conciliate my friend from Iowa I have
run counter to the general practice of the Sen-
ate in regard to railroad grants.
Mr. HOWELL. There is no object in con-
ciliating me. I have failed in every effort, 1
have made here on that subject.
Mr. DRAKE. When this bill was up before
I felt it to be my duty to object to its then con-
