1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
41st Cong....2d S
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. ob Keps.
should live on codfish or herring or oatmeal,
can stand all this. Not even the sewing-
machine nor the leather-splitting machine,
wonderful Yankee inventions as they are, can
get over that as wonderful though wonderfully
worse invention that imposes upon the shoe-
maker eight taxes and gives him no real bounty
in return. Hence, we have lost our export
trade to the British provinces, to Central
and South America, Australia, and the West
Indies, and have dwindled down our exports
to the small value of $475,000 in 1869. At
this time the spectacle is seen of hides and
skins imported from South America to New
York carried across this country in bond,
tanned in Canada, and then exported to Eng-
land.
According to the calculations of Mr. Com-
missioner Wells—and his statements on this
point at least, have been unanswered, as they
are unanswerable—there are produced through
the country some 47,000,000 pairs of women's
and children's shoes per annum. Of these
it is estimated that at least 15,000,000 pairs,
which are worn by poor as well as rich, are
made up in part of woolen materials, called
"lasting" and " serge." The import ofhthese
materials is estimated in value at $3,480,000.
The duties on them amount in currency (gold at
133Jthen) to some $1,542,000, which increased
price is paid by the women, poor and rich, of
the country—and for what? Certainly not for
revenue nor for "protection," for there are
only one or two small factories in Massachu-
setts, with a few hands, that produce them.
Or, as Mr. Wells rather dryly puts it:
"The Government-, to all intents and purposes, in
addition to all its other business, lias become a part-
ner in the lasting and serge business, and runs one
iir two small establishments at an expense to the
people of $1,500,000 per annum, a sum greater than
is at. present annually required to defray tho ex-
penditures of tho whole foreign intercourse of the
country 1"
Before the war, as Mr. Wells adds, a cheap
gaiter boot for women's wear was sold for
00 cents; now the same article commands
$1 05. The tax is 5 cents per pair on all
shoes using webbing, (elastic gores made of
rubber webbing.)
SALT—TKASELS.
I had intended to say something about salt;
but 1 know if I do I will arouse the wrath
of my honorable friend from the Syracuse
district of my own State, [Mr. McCarthy.]
1 will therefore let liinf off, and turn him
over to honorable gentlemen from the great
West—say, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] who sits near me—and to the salt
consumers of Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska, and
Missouri. I will not dwell much upon that
topic now. Free salt, free bread, free light,
free coal, free air ; talk not to me of the worth
of other freedoms when any of these become
monopolies 1 But I cannot let off my honor-
able friend upon another article, the product
of his district, in which, as if going from the
sublime to the ridiculous, lie was bound, as
an Onondaga Representative, to take especial
interest.
If you will observe, in this free list of ours,
as originally printed, was the article of teasels.
Teasels are things which the manufacturer
uses to tease the surface of his woolen goods
as they run through his mills, so as to produce
a nap on them. Now, it was the misfortune
of my honorable colleague from the Onondaga
district to have a constituent who raised teasels.
'Chose teasels required protection ; and in order
to do equity to teasels as well as to salt, my
honorable friend demanded that we strike tea-
sels from the free list and enslave them among
the dutiable articles; and so we have done.
It is a misfortune to our country that teasels
grow in Onondaga, for if they did not, we
could have a lree nap on our woolens every-
where. I begin at times to think it is a mis-
fortune to discover anything very new in our
country, for the very moment that we do,
some one jumps up and cries for protec-
tion, and taxes all the rest of us to protect
him.
Salt on the western coast of this country—
on the Pacific coast—is a much more important
article than it is here on the Atlantic coast,
where we are close by Europe and Turk's
Island, and can there obtain saltif permitted so
to do. I will briefly call the attention of gen-
tlemen from the western (Pacific) coast to that
article. In the Gulf of California is a huge
island of salt, called Carmen; an island owned,
I think, by Americans in California. And yet
not a ton of that salt, or a bushel of it, or a
sack of it, can be brought into the city of San
Francisco for consumption in Arizona, or Wash-
ington Territory, or Oregon, or Nevada, or
Utah, or any other State or Territory on the
great Pacific slope, without the payment of
enormous duties.
PIG-IRON—RAIL-IRON.
I come now to the article of pig-iron. I shall
not enter into any lengthy discussion of that
subject, for it is a subject which is now pretty
well understood by the House. It should be
recollected that two or three years ago we re-
duced the internal revenue taxes on all man-
ufactured articles so as to reduce the receipts
from that source $150,000,000 annually. It
will be recollected, too, that when at the open-
ing of the war Congress imposed a high internal
revenue duty upon all manufactured articles,
it at the same time, as a matter of equity, made
a corresponding tax increase on imported arti-
cles of the same kind. But though wc have
taken off $150,000,000 annually from the man-
ufacturers and manufactured articles of the
country, we have not yet made one cent of re-
duction in the external tariffs. We have given
the manufacturers $150,000,000, but we have
not at all relieved the consumer of the four or
five thousand taxes on what he imports. We
took off the internal revenue tax upon iron,
but we have left the external tax upon iron just
where it was.
I hold in my hand a petition presented for
general circulation, which was presented here
and laid before the Committee of Ways and
Means in 1S65-6G, by a gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, now a member of this House, and
largely concerned in iron manufacture. In
this paper, he, or his friends for him, make a
statement, the substance of which is that the
internal revenue tax upon railroad iron was
$14 30, while the tariff duty per gross ton
amounted to only $15 08 ; so that the railroad
iron protection for Pennsylvania was then only
$1 38 per ton. The calculation in detail was
as follows:
The present condition of taxes and tariffs on rail-
road iron, giving a near approach to exactness, and
not at all an overestimate, is as follows :
Tons. Tax per ton. Amount.
Pig-iron used 1.25 $2 40 S3 00
Coal used G.00 06 30
Kails mado 1.00 3 60 3 60
6 96
Add twelve per cent., to make gross ton  81
Thirty-five days' work on a ton, wages $70, and
$50 spent by the workman, paying a tax on
goods bought, of.  -1 50
Tax on stamps, eastings, freight, income, &e„
paid by manufacturer per ton  2 00
Total tax, direct and indirect, per ton, 22-10 lbs. $11 30
Tariff per gross ton $15 68
Ileal protection, with gold at par, but $1 38 per gross
ton.
We have taken off all, or nearly all of the
internal revenue tax; but in our external tariff
we have left railroad iron- and all other iron
withoutany reduction, which is inequitable and
unjust. But I have so much to say on other
subjects that I leave that question to other
gentlemen who are to follow me.
LEAD, PIG OR BAB.
The duty on pig or bar lead is one of the
most iniquitous duties inflicted upon the con-
sumers of the country. The duty in 1840
was 20 per cent, ad valorem, in 1857 15 per
cent., in 1861 1 cent a pound; but during the
war we raised it to 2 cents a pound. The
production of this article in our country
has amounted to little or nothing, I hardly
know why. Our people find more profitable
employment in mining gold and silver, or in
the agricultural development of the bountiful
prairies of the West. Even the mines of Ga-
lena are neglected, and yield little or nothing.
The production of our lead mines in 1844 was
20,000 tons, in 1845 , 25,000 tons; in 1848,
22,000 tons ; but since that time, from 1854
to 1862, the production has run down to 14,000
tons annually. Hence we have necessarily
imported enormous quantities of lead, which
is sent to the most remote parts of the country
for the use of the people—to Chicago, to St.
Louis, to Omaha, to Leavenworth—every place
where a house is to be plumbed, a paint made
or mixed, or where there is a shot-tower, or
shot are used or bought. I have before ine a
calculation of costs:
For plumbing a first-class house, 25X 70 foot.. $2,500
If or plumbing a first-class steamor 15,000
For plumbing a first-class sailing vessel  4,000
The consumption of lead in this country is
enormous. Twelve million pounds of shot
are used every year; of pipe and sheeting
20,000,000 pounds; in paints, 40,000,000; and
half of all this is imported. What folly, then—
need I dwell upon it?—to be thus taxing an
indispensable raw material from a foreign lam!
2 cents per pound with a surplus revenue on
hand of over $100,000,000.
I have before me a list of the articles into
which lead enters. Let me refer to some of
them:
Lead pipo and sheet lead, buckshot, bar lead, bul-
lets, solder, deep-sea leads, seine leads, lead coffins.
For uniting lar^e iron pipes.
Manufacture ot glass, whito lead, and all descrip-
tions of paints, in large quantities.
Ballast for vessels, yachts, &c.
Hand loads.
For lining all descriptions of tubs, vats, &c.
Used in preparing chemicals, acids, &.G.
Used in dyeing calicoes, &c.
Sash weights.
Lead wire, for gardening purposes.
Looms, for the manufacture of cotton, &c.
Bathing tubs.
Large quantities used in making tin-foil.
Largo quantities userl in oil region of Pennsylvania
and elsewhere, for lining cisterns,vats, tubs, &c.,used
for holding petroleum.
Typo metal.
Weights foralmost every puipose.
Thus it will be seen that this single article
of lead enters into most of the vast manufac-
tures of the land. An honorable gentleman
from New Jersey near me says, " Add most of
the chemical manufactures of the land,"
COFFER—TAXING THE DYE-POT EVEN.
Our copper legislation has been as unwise as
our wool legislation; and the result has been
the same—high taxes, low prices, and the re-
verse. Copper was taxed in—
In piffs or bars. In sheets, plates, or wedyea.
185T free. 1857 15 per cent.
1861 2 cts. per lb. 1861 25 per cent.
1863  2i cts. per lb. 1863 30 per cent.
1869  5 cts. per lb. 1864-65  35 per cent.
1869 45 per cent.
Even on blue vitriol, or the sulphate of cop-
per, for the exclusive benefit of one manufac-
