1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
offered the Blaine amendment, prefacing it by
the following observations:
"If tho amendment proposed by the honorable
member yesterday had been adopted by the Senate,
or was now to bo adopted by tho Senate, it would
make the bill very much less objectionable than it
is to mo. I should not have voted for it even if that
amendment had been adopted; but I am very desir-
ous to do what I suppose would be done by the adop-
tion of that amendment, to improve the bill. I
therefore, if I am at liberty, offer that amendment
myself, and on it call for a division.
' The Prksidhnt pro tempore. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maryland will be read.
" £he Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which was to insert as an additional section the
following."—Congressional Globe, second session
Thirty-Ninth Congress, February 15,1867.
This was the "Blaine amendment." A
discussion followed. Immediately after that
I took the floor and advocated it to the best of
my ability. I told the Senate frankly then
that if a provision of some kind was not pre-
sented whereby there could be some voting
in the South, whereby there could be recon-
struction, I should be compelled to vote
against the military bill pure and simple, as
the debates will show. I will not pursue that
matter, because I am not desirous of consum-
ing the time of the Senate. The discussion
went on for some time, and finally, after a long
debate, it resulted in a caucus.
Mr. TRU MBULL. What was the date of
that caucus?
Mr. STEWART. The caucus was on the
night of the 14th and on the morning of the
15th of February, 1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was after the propo-
sition had been offered to the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly; it was after
the proposition was offered in the Senate.
Mr. POMERO Y. I beg to remind the Sen-
ator that he is not talking in a caucus now; he
is telling what a caucus aid.
Mr. STEWART. It has been stated by the
Senator from Massachusetts this morning what
the caucus did. He read from what he said
about it in his former speech. I have the Globe
with the debate, under the date of the 15th of
February, 1867. I have the amendment as
offered by the Senator from Maryland. I have
my remarks following that amendment. Then
a debate of two days occurred, in which the
Senator from Massachusetts participated, and
in which he denounced the Blaine amendment
as a " logical absurdity," and used a great deal
of his artillery language to bring it into disre-
pute. The debate went on with considerable
feeling.. I had some feeling on that occasion
myseff, because I thought there was in some
quarters an abandonment of the whole idea.
It finally resulted in a caucus; and the caucus
after deliberation made a report. I recollect
well that deliberation. There was a commit-
tee appointed, as stated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and that Senator was on the
committee. That committee did report, leav-
ing out the provision requiring the States to
put suffrage in their constitutions. I recollect
that distinctly.
It provided that all men should vote for dele-
gates to the convention, butleft out Bingham's
special provision. The rest of it accounts for
the change in language. The Senator from
Massachusetts did say that the provision was
left out, and he helped to put it in again. It
may have been on his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Was it not?
Mr. STEWART. I think it was on the Sen-
ator's motion retained there.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr., STEWART. The Senator shall have
credit for helping to retain it there; bat does
he want, with his record, to take from Mr. Bing-
ham some of hig laurels? I voted to retain it
there myself. Fifteen Senators voted to retain
it there against thirteen. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. S&Ebman] was chairman of the cau-
cus committee; ana wheu, after this debate
was exhausted, he offered the amendment to
the Senate which had been prepared by the
caucus committee, he said:
I desire to have my amendment read. I have
modified somewhat the printed amendment which is
lying on the tables of the Senators."
The printed amendment was the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maryland.
" The modification does not ohange the meaning
in any respect, but simply transposes some words in
the fifth section to make the meaning clearer."
That fifth section was the Blaine amend-
ment. Now I read the section as it is at pres-
ent substantially in the reconstruction act, and
as it was reported by the Senator from Ohio :
" Sec. 5. And, be it further enacted. That when the
people of any one of said rebel States shall have
formed a constitution of government in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States in all re-
speots, framed by a convention of delegates eleoted
by the male citizens of said State twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, who have been resident in
said State for one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law"—
Thus far it was reported from the committee.
The thirteen who voted in the negative, I believe,
were all in favor of extending the suffrage to
the negro. I think the Senator from Illinois
was in favor of that. His objection was to
putting in it the provision framed by Mr. Bing-
ham, of Ohio, to require them to put it into
their constitutions. That was the division in
the committee, whether we should require
them to put it in their constitutions to be framed,
which to me seemed a very vital thing. But
on the question of suffrage the whole caucus
appeared to be agreed.
"and when such constitution shall provide that the
elective franchise shall be enjoyed by all sueh per-
sons as have the qualifications herein stated for elec-
tors of delegates; and when such constitution shall
be ratified by a majority of the persons voting on the
question of ratification who are qualified as electors
of delegates; and when such constitution shall have
been submitted to Congress for examination and ap-
proval, and Congress shall have approved the same;
and when said State, by a vote of its Legislature
elected under said constitution, shall have adopted
the amendment to the Constitution of the United
States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
known as article fourteen: and when said article
shall have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, said State shall be declared entitled to
representation in Congress, and Senators and Rep-
resenatives shall be admitted therefrom on their
taking the oath prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall
be inoperative in said State."
So that the provision conferring suffrage, the
provision which the Senator from Massachu-
setts helped to retain, started in tho House of
Representatives. I advocated that provision
on this floor in as many speeches as it was
modest and prudent to make. I was met by
the Senator from Massachusetts, a&tbo debate
will show, with severe opposition against the
whole proposition. When we came to the
question of keeping suffrage in it (in the com-
mittee) he came to our rescue then. When
it got into the Senate he did not vote for it.
That is the full meed of praise to which he is
entitled. The great work of this amendment
started in the House, started with the honor-
able member from Ohio, was seconded by Mr.
Blaine, of Maine, in an able argument, and
was pressed by the great mass of the Repub-
lican party.
The colleague of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts understands this history better. He
has written the history of reconstruction. I
hold in my hand a " History of Reconstruction,"
by Heney Wilson. He gives an account
of the authorship and origin of this amend-
ment. It is well known to every reader of
history. No man can write a history of those
events, if he will examine the records, without
ascribing the authorship to the proper person.
The pages are full of the history of reconstruc-
tion. Hon. Henry Wilson, in his History,
writes as follows:
" On thel2th [of February] the House resumed the
consideration of the bill, and Mr. Bixghau submit-
ted an amendment providing that the act should
cease to operate in a State whenever the constitu-
tional amendment should become a part of the Con-
stitution, and when any State lately in insurrection
should have ratified the same, and modified its
constitution and laws in conformity therewith, and
presented to Congress a constitution of government
republican in form, and not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and which
should secure equal and impartial suffrage to thn
male citizens of the United States twenty-one years
of age, resident therein, without distinction of racB
or color, and which should have been approved bv
Congress, theSenators and Representatives from such
State, if found duly elected and qualified, might
after having taken the required oaths of office be
admitted into Congress as such.
"This amendment had been urged by Mr. Bixa-
ham in the joint special Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, bat had failed, and was now offered by him
and in substance finally incorporated into the act
and by it suffrage was given to six hundred thousand
freedmen in the ten rebel States."— Wilson's History
of Reconstruction, pp. 345, 346.
Has there been any disposition on the part
of the colleague of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to rob him of his laurels won on this
floor at any time? He, truthful to histoiy,
truthful to the records, as every historian must
be if he will examine the records, ascribes the
authorship of this provision to the man who
drew it. I think it material in discussing these
questions that the credit for practical legisla-
tion, for the accomplishment of practical pur-
poses, should be ascribed to those who have
earned it. The Senator from Massachusetts
has earned much by advocating generalities;
but when we come to legislation, he has always
been for the "other bill," not the one under
consideration.
I think I have shown who was the author of
this provision. I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in his reply will state whether he voted
for the fifteenth amendment. I stated on a
previous occasion that he did not, and he cor-
rected me. I bronght the record, and he has
not since stated anything in regard to it. I
hope he will tell us, that the world may know,
whether he voted for the fifteenth amendment.
That is important. His word stands against
the record. It may be that a large portion of
the American people would believe his word
as against the record. If he desires to correct
that record let him do it to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, you will
bear witness that I am no volunteer now. I
have been no volunteer on any of these recur-
ring occasions when I have been assailed in
this Chamber. I have begun no question. I
began no question with tire Senator from Ne-
vada. I began no question with the other
Senator on my right, [Mr. Trumbull. ] I began
no question yesterday with the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling.] 1 began no ques-
tion either with the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter.] Butl am here to answer;
and I begin by asking to have read at the desk
what I did Bay and what the Senator from
Nevada was unwilling, as he declared, to have
incorporated in his speech. I can understand
that he was very unwilling. I send the passage
to the Chair.
The Secretary read as follows:
" But the Senator dwelt especially on the first act
of reconstruction, known as the act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel States,'
and charges that I did not vote for it. This assault
to-day compels me to make a statement now which
I never supposed I should be called to make. I make
it now with hesitation, but rather to show his oourse
than my own. Sir, I am the author of the provision
in that act conferring suffrage: and when I brought
it forward the Senator from Illinois was one of my
opponents; then as now. Senators who were hero
at that time remember well that this whole subject
was practically taken for the time from the jurisdic-
tion of the Senate into a causus of the Republican
party, where a committee was created to whom all
fending measures of reconstruction were referred,
had the honor of being a member of that commit-
tee. So was the Senator from Illinois. So was my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. SHBBMAHjwas our chairman. In that
committee this reconstruction bill was debated and
matured sentence by sentence, word for word; and
then and there in that committee I moved that wo
should require the suffrage of all persons without
distinction of color in the organization of new gov-
ernments and in all the constitutions to bo made.
In making this proposition at that time I only
followed the proposition! had made to the Senate
more than two years before, which I had urged upon
the people in an elaborate address at a political con-
vention in Massachusetts; which I again upheld in
an elaborate effort for twodays in this Chamber, and
which from the beginning I had never lost from my
mind or heart. It was natural that I should press
it in committee; but I was overruled, the Senator
opposing me with his accustomed determination. I
was voted down. The chairman observed my dis-
