3066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
arises in almost every other Department of the
Government In the Treasury Department the
Secretary of the Treasury is the head of the
Department, including the Bureau of Internal
Revenue. The Bureau of Internal Revenue
has its solicitor, and there is also a solicitor of
the Treasury, and these different officers are
advising, one the Commissioner of Internal
Kevenue and the other the Secretary of the
Treasury and some of the bureaus, on matters
affecting the public interest and involving
millions of dollars annually, questions of the
gravestimportanceaffectingoar revenues, while
the Attorney General may be advising the
President, who is charged with the duty of
executing the laws in a different manner. It
will be impossible for the President to advise
Congress intelligently or properly execute the
laws while this conflict of legal opinions exists,
with the conflicting modes of administration
resulting from it.
Here, then, are questions of an international'
character which may affect the peace of our
Government and the peace of the world. Here
are questions relating to our revenues, affect-
ing the interests of the States, the citizens, and
the nation. Here are questions affecting the
power of Congress over the States, the duties
and obligations of the States to the national
Government and their claims on it. As the
law now stands there are or may be different
and conflicting opinions given by the different
law officers of the Government affecting all
these questions. One case was alluded to by
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] yes-
terday. Not long since Governor Senter, of
Tennessee, applied to the President to furnish
troops to aid him in the execution of the laws
of that State. That application was very prop-
erly referred by the President to the Secretary
of War, and he referred it to the Judge Advo-
cate General of the Army. The Judge Advo-
cate gave a written opinion, deciding that troops
could not, under the Constitution and laws, be
given to the Governor to aid him as he desired,
it so happened in that particular case his opin-
ion was correct; but he might have given a
different opinion. This case is one of many
which may arise when the Judge Advocate
General may give one opinion and the Attor-
ney General may give another; and thus the
peace of these States would be imperiled by
these conflicting, contradictory, irreconcilable
law opinions, given either under the authority
of law or without the authority of law.
If, then, we would preserve uniformity in
the legal opinions which are to guide us in our
international obligations, in our interstate obli-
gations, in relation to our revenue upon which
the State , and the nation may be called to act
this bill is a necessity, and one which cannot
be properly dispensed with. If the present
system be continued the result will be that we
will continue to have, as we now have, "con-
fusion worse confounded."
But I think I need not pursue this branch
of the subject farther. Certainly enough has
been said to demonstrate the necessity of this
bill to secure uniformity of legal opinions given
by the various law officers of the Government
on the various subjects on which they are called
to act.
So far I have said nothing of the details of
the bill, and I wish to say but a few words in
relation to these. This bill proposes to estab-
lish "the department of justice." I should
have preferred to call it the law department,
because more in analogy to that which prevails
in England, from which we have derived many
of our institutions, but I do not regard it very
essential whether we call it the department, of
justice or the law department. Its purpose is
the same whether you call it by one name or
another. The bill which I had the honor to
introduce on the 19th of February, 1868, in
section three provided—
" Tbat the following bureaus shall be established in
this department: a bureau of international law; a
bureau of revenue law; a bureau of military and
naval law; a bureau of postal law; a bureau of land
law; a bureau of patent law; and a bureau of the
Court of Claims; and there shall be a principal officer
in each of said bureaus to be called a solicitor."
I believe that the present Attorney General
prefers that the department of justice should
not be thus subdivided into bureaus. But
all these subjects are covered by the bill, and
it is within the power of the Attorney General
to assign the duties which would belong to
these several bureaus to one or more of the
officers authorized by the bill. The bill which
I had the honor to introduce and the bill now
before the House agree in transferring to the
department of justice all thepresent law officers
of the Government at Washington and in con-
solidating them all into one department, giving
the Attorney General a supervisory power over
them all, and intrusting to the department
all the subjects properly cognizable by such
a department, whether they are assigned to
various bureaus, as contemplated by my bill,
or generally to the department provided for by
the bill now under consideration.
There is this difference, however, and it is
one to which allusion was made by several
gentlemen who spoke on this bill yesterday.
The present bill does not interfere with the
present Judge Advocate General of the Army,
but leaves him and his eight assistant judge
advocates to continue as law officers in the
1 War Department. I would have preferred that
' the Judge Advocate General of the Army and
so many of his assistants as were necessary
j should have been transferred to the depart-
! ment of justice, and that the duties now de-
; volving upon the Judge Advocate General of
the Army, and the solicitor and naval judge
advocate, should all have been devolved upon
one officer; and it would not be material
whether that were done under the general
provisions of this bill, or by the establishment
of a separate bureau in this department, to be
denominated, as my bill originally proposed^ a
bureau of military and naval law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask whether
the bill is so changed as not to subject the
Judge Advocate General of the Army to its
provisions?
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is changed as my
colleague desired. I beg to say, as I have
already stated to the House, and my colleague
would have been aware of it if he had been
listening, that{this bill does not interfere with
the Judge Advocate General of the Army or
his assistants so far as their official existence
is concerned. This bill, however, does transfer
to the law department, or the department of
justice as it is now called, the cognizance of
all subjects of martial law, and the cognizance
of all subjects of military and naval law, except
that portion of the administration of military
justice which relates to military courts-martial,
their proceedings, and the supervision of their
records. If a question of martial law is to be
determined by the law officers of the Govern-
ments will now belong to the Attorney General
or to this department ofjustice. It will not belong
to the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
He will not be called upon for any opinion re-
lating to martial law or military law, except as
to that portion of the administration of military
law which relates to military justice. In other
words, the Judge Advocate General, instead of
giving legal opinions to the Secretary of War re-
lating to the status of States of this Union, their
right to call upon the Government for military
protection or military aid, and other grave con-
stitutional questions, will be limited, as the
law under which he was appointed designed
he should be, to the mere supervision of the
records and proceedings of military courts-
martial ; and as to these it will be the duty of
the President and Secretary of War to ask
the opinion of the Attorney General on all
important or doubtful questions. The Judge
Advocate General will perform duties admin-
istrative in their character and almost exclu-
sively so.
I would have preferred, as I have already re-
marked, that the whole Judge Advocate's office
should have been transferred to this depart-
ment of justice. There are now in the War
Department a Judge Advocate General and
eight assistant judge advocates. Every duty
now performed by these officers would be per-
formed under this bill much better than they
will be in the War Department. I hope that
the Committee on Military Affairs will take up
that subject so as to abolish the offices of the
Judge Advocate General and his assistants,
I with a view to having their duties transferred
[ to the department ofjustice. If this is done,
i it will be in the interest of retrenchment, econ-
i omy, and of the efficiency of the public service
I of the country. It will tend to unify the con-
struction and administration of the laws of the
i United States, and to make the administration
, of this department and of all the law services
of the Government symmetrical.
But I will state to the House why, in my
judgment, no transfer of the Judge Advocate
General or of his duties to the department of
, justice has been proposed in this bill. If this
had been done the bill would have encountered
the opposition of some of the officers of the
Bureau of Military Justice and their friends,
and so great is the power of men in office, so
difficult is it to abolish an office, that we were
compelled in the consideration of this subject
to leave the officers of this bureau untouched
in their official tenure in order that this bill
might get through Congress. But so far as the
solicitor and naval Judge Advocate General is
concerned, he is transferred with all his super-
; visory power over naval courts-martial, and the
records and proceedings of such courts; so
that to that extent this bill accomplishes the
great purpose which it has in view of bringing
into one department the whole legal service of
the Government. Now, Mr. Speaker, I think
enough has been said to show that this bill
ought to become a law. I cannot conceive of
any objection to it, and none has been pre-
sented.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know if
this is the same bill, or substantially the same
bill, as he introduced and which was before
the Jndiciary Committee during the last Con-
gress?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes; it is much of it
in the same words, and I think I am correct in
saying that it had the consideration and in-
dorsement of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridgk,] and I think of every member
or almost every member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No; the gentleman is a
little mistaken about that. I did not quite
agree to that bill. I thought it would add an-
other department to the Government, and ulti-
mately another Cabinet minister, and I think
now that will be the resnlt of this bill. I think
that is the purpose which the gentleman has in
view.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman from
Wisconsin understands very well that by law
there is no such thing as a Cabinet officer.
There is no law creating a Cabinet in this
country.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman take
notice that there is such a thing in the Consti-
tution as the heads of Departments?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was about to remark
that.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have taken notice of
the Constitution some time ago.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, take notice of it in
your bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Departments have
been organized under the laws of the United
States, which authorize the President to call
upon the heads of Departments for their writ-
ten opinions; but there is no law which pro-
•vides for their assemblage in Cabinet council,
' or which organizes or recognizes a Cabinet.
