1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4955
CHARLES C00PEB AND OTHERS.
Mr. HQLMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Claims the
bill (H. R. No. 1895) for the relief of Charles
Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley,
William Hannegan, and James Hannegan ;
and the same was placed upon the Speaker's
table.
BERGEN HEIGHTS ARSENAL.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) directing the
Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights arsenal.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary to sell at public auction, to the high-
est bidder, the lands and tenements belonging
to the United States, situate in the county of
Hudson and State of New Jersey, and known
as'the Bergen Heights arsenal. The sale is to
be made on the ground, after thirty days' notice
in the Newark Daily Advertiser and Newark
Evening Courier, papers published in the city
of Newark, and in the Daily Times and Even-
ing Journal, papers published in Jersey City,
New Jersey, and in the New York Tribune and
New York Times. The proceeds arising from
the sale are to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
CIRCUIT COURTS.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
tbebill (S. No. 723) in relation to circuit courts.
The bill was read. It provides that nothing
in the act to amend the judicial system of the
United States, approved April 10, 1809, shall
be construed to require a circuit court to be
held in any judicial district in which a circuit
court was not required to be held by previously
existing law.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
THOMAS HENDERSON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 725) for the relief of Thomas
Henderson.
The bill was read. It proposes to entitle
Thomas Henderson, of Wayne county, Mich-
igan, his heirs pr assigns, to enter at the proper
land office where the same lie the back conces-
sion of front concession No. 259, in the town-
ship of Ecorce, Wayne county, containing
eighty acres, more or less, at the sum of $2 50
per acre, embracing the improvements made
upon the back concession by Henderson, under
a claim of preemption, same to be surveyed and
laid off by the surveyor general at the expense
of the claimant, and to be patented to him, his
lieirs or assigns, on full payment being made ;
but this act is pot to affect the valid claim of
any other person to the land.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a claim which we
ought to know something about before we pass
it. I object to the passage of the bill at this
time.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NORTH CAROLINA.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 677) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
Albemarle district of North Carolina.
The bill was read. It provides that the dis-
trict court of the United States for the Albe-
marle district of North Carolina, now required
to be held in the town of Edenton, shall here-
after be held in the town of Elizabeth City, in
said State, and no recognizance, writ, process,
order, or notice now returnable in said court,
at Edenton, shall be affected by said change,
but shall be deemed returnable at Elizabeth
City.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
TOTES OF THANKS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 134) to regulate
the effect of a vote of the thanks of Congress
upon promotion in the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. This resolution ought to
be refei'red,
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will be passed.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that a vote of thanks by Congress to any officer
of the Navy shall be held to affect such officer
only; and when as an incident thereof an
officer who would otherwise be retired has been
or is retained on the active list, such retention
shall not interfere with the regular promotion of
others who would otherwise have been entitled
by law to promotion ; and where any officer has
already been retired to a grade lower than he
would have been had the provisions of this law
been in force he shall be entitled to the same
position as if they had been in force at the time
of his retirement; but no promotion is to he
made to fill a vacancy occasioned by the final
retirement, death, resignation, or dismissal of
an officer who has received a vote of thanks
unless the number of officers left in the grade
where the vacancy occurs shall be less than
the number authorized by law.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to the passage of
that joint resolution now. I think it ought to
go to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen ask that
the present order apply to the reference as well
as to the passage of bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
BENJAMIN S. RICHARDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to authorize
the restoration of Benjamin S. Richards to the
active list of the Navy.
Mr. KELSEY. That had better go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs; and I object.
Mi-. KELSEY subsequently withdrew his
objection; and objection was renewed by Mr.
BENJAMIN.
The joint resolution was passed over.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 716) to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
The bill was passed over.
JUDICIAL POWERS OF CONSULS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 632) to amend an act entitled
"An act to carry into effect provisions of the
treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers
and consuls and other functionaries of the
United States in those countries, and for other
purposes," approved June 22, 1860.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 object.
The bill was passed over.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, MONTGOMERY, ALABAMA.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 731) to provide for a building
suited to the use of the post office, the land and
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of
the United States, in the city of Montgomery,
Alabama.
Mr. WELLS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
REPEAL OF LAWS OF WYOMING TERRITORY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 616) to repeal certain sections
of acts passed by the territorial Legislature
of Wyoming.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The_Delegate of that
Territory is not present, and I object.
The bill was passed over.
PROMOTION IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my objection
to Senate joint resolution No. 134, to regulate
the effect of a vote of the thanks of Congress
upon promotion in the Navy.
The joint resolution provides that a vote of
thanks by Congress to any officer of the Navy
shall be held to affect such officer only ; and
when as an incident thereof an officer who
would otherwise be retired has been or is re-
tained on the active list, such retention shall
not interfere with the regular promotion of
others who would otherwise have been entitled
by law to promotion; and where any officer
has already been retired to a grade lower than
he would have been had the provisions of this
law been in force, he shall be entitled to the
same position as if they had been in force at
the time of his retirement; provided, how-
ever, that no promotion shall be made to fill
a vacancy occasioned by the final retirement,
death, resignation, or dismissal of an officer
who has received a vote of thanks unless the
number of officers left in the grade where the
vacancy occurs shall be less than the number
authorized by law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I was instructed to
have that joint resolution referred to that com-
mittee ; but I do not object to its passage.
The joint resolution was taken up, read a
first and second time, ordered to a third read-
ing, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
INDIANA YEARLY MEETING.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) directing the
Secretary of the Interior t.o issue a patent to
the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society
of Friends for a certain tract of land in the
Shawnee reservation.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I object.
The joint resolution was passed over.
UNSOLD LANDS IN INDIANA.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 471) in relation to certain unsold
lands in the counties of Porter and Lake, in
the State of Indiana.
Mr. ORTH. That has been approved by
the Committee on the Public Lands.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The preamble states there is lying along the
Little Calumet river, in the counties of Porter
and Lake, in the State of Iudiaua, a body of
lands supposed to contain about four thousand
acres, which has never been sold or surveyed,
and which was described in the original Gov-
ernment surveys as impassable morass; and
(he Calumet Draining Company has been organ-
ized, under the laws of said State, for the pur-
pose of draining the valley of said river, includ-
ing said morass.
The first, section therefore provides that said
unsold lands shall be subject to a lien under
the laws of the State of Indiana for its proper
proportion of the cost of such drainage, and
sucli lien may be enforced against said lands
in the same manner and to the same extent as
if the said lands were owned by private persons.
The second section provides that said lands
may be surveyed and sold to the highest bid-
der, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was read the third time, and passed.
NEW MEXICO.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the bill (S. No. 782) to amend a portion of a
certain statute of the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. CULLOM. We have already passed a
bill for this purpose, which is now before the
Senate. This may be passed over.
The SPEAKER. It will resume its place
on the Speaker's table.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 177) for the sale
of certain Indian lands in Kansas.
Objection was made; and the bill resumed
its place on the Speaker's table,.
