1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3067
The Cabinet " the crentaro ©J nmge only.
But since the establishment of the office of
Attorney General the Attorney General has
been & member of the Cabinet by nsage just
as much as any head of a Department, lie
ought to be in the Cabinet. There ought not
to be a Cabinet without a law officer; and this
bill, while it creates a department, or converts
what is now the office of Attorney General into
a department, does not create a Cabinet officer.
It is proposed to create a department, and by
the usage the Attorney General will continue
to be a member of the Cabinet, as he has been
since the foundation of the Government. The
bill proposes to put the Attorney General pre-
cisely upon the same footing as the other heads
of Departments of the Government; and to
that I think there ought not to be any objec-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hear with profound
satisfaction the announcement of the gentle- ;
man that he looked at the Constitution some ;
time ago. j
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes; some time ago. j
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that he will take ,
another observation, and I think then he will
come to the conclusion implied in the query of i
his colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that |
the Constitution does recognize the heads of
Departments, and whatever by law, usage, or
otherwise, we all know the fact that the Pres-
ident of the United States has a Cabinet. We
also know the fact that the number of which it
is composed has been increased since the first
organization of the Government. We know
that the tendency is in that direction. I be-
lieve that it is one of the ultimate purposes of
this bill to increase the number. It is said
that there is wisdom in a multitude of coun-
selors, but there is expense in all this thing.
The moment this new department is estab-
lished the pay of its head will be raised to that
of a Cabinet minister, and this is one of the
steps that we are taking all the while in the'
direction of augmented expendilnres of the
Government. 1 should have thought the gen-
tleman's love of economy would have led him
in the other direction. 1 suggested that idea
to him when the bill similar to this was before
the Judiciary Committee in the last Congress,
and I supposed that he would have been in
favor of and advocating propositions which
reduced expenditures, and not of those that
are constantly increasing them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the gentleman had
heard the remarks made yesterday and the
figures given he would have seen that this is
a measure of retrenchment. But I have said
enough to the House on this subject. I hope
the vote will now be taken and that the bill
will pass.
Mr. JENCKES resumed the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman one question. I understood the
gentleman to say that this bill ought to have
included the Judge Advocate General of the
Army, and is defective in that respect, and
that the reason why a provision in reference to
him was omitted was from the fear that that
officer would defeat the passage of this bill. I
wish to know if it is true that that motive
operated upon the committee ?
Mr. JENCKES. That matter is not within
the domain of our committee, but belongs to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELKER. I ask unanimous consent to
move an amendment to section seventeen of
this bill, by inserting the word "hereafter"
before the words "authorized by law;"' so
that that portion of the section will read:
And no counsel or attorney fees shall hereafter be
allowed to any person or persons, besides the respect-
ive district attorneys and assistant district attorneys,
for services in such capacity to the United States, or
any branch or department of the Government thereof,
unless hereafter authorized by law, and then only on
the Certificate of the Attorney General that such ser-
vices were actually rendered, and that the same could
not be performed by the Attorney General or solicitor
general, or the officers of the department of justice,
or By the district attorney.
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that
amendment, and I hope it will bo agreed to.
The SPEAKER. As the previous question
is operating, it will require unanimous con-
sent.
No objection was made; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is it.too late to offer
amendments to this bill?
The SPEAKER. It is, except by unani-
mous consent, as the main question has been
ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move to amend this bill by adding to it
the following:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the offices
of Judge Advocate General and of all his assistants
be, and the same are hereby, abolished.
Mr. ARNELL. I object to that amendment.
Mr. ARCHER. Is it in order now to move
that this bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that this bill be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 34, noes 73 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jenckes and
Mr. Niblack were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes twenty, noes not
counted.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was opon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 20, noes 87.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the title
by changing the word "a" to "the," so that
the title will read: "A bill to establish the
department of justice."
The amendment to the title was agreed to,
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIBRARY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. PETERS. I have been instructed by
| the joint Committee on the Library to ask
unanimous consent of the House to have taken
from the Speaker's table Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 169, for the transfer of an unexpended
balance of appropriation to the book fund of
the Library of Congress.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides for transferring to the fund for the pur-
chase of books for the Library of Congress the
sum of $2,500, appropriated by acts approved
July 30, 1868, and March 3, 1869, "for the
expenses of exchanging public documents for
the publications of foreign Governments," the
same being an unexpended balance not re-
quired for that purpose.
No objection was made; and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table, read
three times, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTRAIT OF MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Library, reported the following concurrent
resolution :
Resolved by the House of Representative!, (the Sen-
ato concurring therein,) That the joint Committee
on the Library be Authorized and directed to pro-
cure a portrait of the late Major General George II.
Thomas, to be placed in a conspicuous position in
the Capitol, as a memorial of his great services to his
country and his distinguished worth as a soldier and
citizen; and that the cost of such portrait, not cx-
ceedinp$2,000, be paid in equal proportions out of the
contingent funds of the two Houses of Congress.
The question was upon the adoption of the
resolution.
| Mr. PETERS. I propose to call the pre-
1 vious question, and then I will yield for debate
if desired*
Mr. NIBLACK. I think there will be no
i opposition to this resolution. I hope it will
; be adopted unanimously.
The resolution was then adopted unani-
mously.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VENTILATION OF THE HALLS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. JENCKES, from the joint Committee
on Ventilation, reported a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 271) in relation to the ventilation of the
Halls of Congress; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time.
- The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the sum of $3,000 shall be appropri-
ated Out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
making experiments in the ventilation of the
Halls of the Capitol, to be drawn by the Clerk
of the House, and expended under the direc-
tion of the joint committee of the two Houses
on that subject.
Mr. CULLOM. Does the gentleman wish
to ventilate this subject by any remarks?
Mr. JENCKES. One of the objects of re-
porting this joint resolution is for the purpose
of ventilating the subject of ventilation. Within
the past few years there have been several
special committees of the House appointed on
this subject. It is one in which every member
of this body is personally interested. The re-
sult of the appointment of these committees
has been the printing of a considerable body
of literature, amounting now to quite a large
octavo volume, but without, hitherto, any bene-
ficial or practical result. W e have any number
of theories upon this subject of ventilation, any
number of speculations; and the committee now
have before them a number of propositions
from different individuals, each of whom thinks
himself competent to afford us perfect ventila-
tion and to improve the lighting and heating
facilities.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I suppose that when this
committee was appointed it was expected to
do something; the House did not intend that
the committee should waste its efforts in mak-
ing reports of the conjectures of the members
or other persons upon this subject, but desired
some practical result.
In order to arrive at any useful conclusion
whatever we find it necessary to ascertain the
precise state of facts to which all the science
that is being poured out upon us is to be ap-
plied. We find there is as great a difference in
the opinions of these scientific experts as to
the evils which they are expected to remedy as
there is in the remedies which they offer. They
all agree that at some time the air of this Hall
is in what may be called an unnatural condition,
not conducive to health or to work, and that it
is necessary to provide some means to improve
it. But as to the precise cause of that con-
dition hardly two persons agree. This may
seem surprising, but so it is. I think that if
members will confer with each other they will
fiud as many conflicting opinions as there are
members. The reason for this every one will
