1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2123
venienqe of the Printing Office, that it should
be disposed of one way or another. It is very
embarrassing to have the type standing. I do
not care what the Senate does with it, but I
should like to have a vote on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. My impression is that
the resolution of which the Senator speaks will
be the subject of debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think not at any length.
I think the Senator from Michigan is going to
speak five minutes, and the Senator from Maine
five minutes in reply ; but I shall have nothing
to say.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I propose that the
ease of General Ames bo taken up ; after which
I will give way to the Senator, so that he may
see whether without consumption of time he
can have that matter disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is satisfactory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator lrom
New York moves to take up the report of the
Judiciary Committee in regard to the right of
Adalbert Ames to a seat in the body.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I now yield to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
PRINTING OF A ttKPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up for
consideration the resolution for printing extra
copies of the report of the IIouso Committee
on the Decay of American Commerce.
Tho motion was agreed to; and tho Senate
proceeded to consider the following concur-
rent resolution of tho IIouso of Representa-
tives :
lUxolvcrl, (tho Senate eoncurriiitf,) That there bo
published fiftftoii thousand extra copies of tho report
of the select Committee on thoCauoes oi tho Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage, without tho evidence, and
ton thousand with tlio ovulonco; tell thousand oi tho
ioi mer shul! ho lor tho. use of tho House unit fivo thou-
sand tor tho use of tho Son ate; and six thousand oi'
I ho latter tor tho uso of tho IIouso, throo thousand
fur tho u.-o of tho Hennte, and 0:10 thousand for tho
1] of tho Treasury Department.
'I'lio VICE PRESIDENT, Tho resolution
is before tho Senate subject lo a demand for
the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
opposed to publishing this report or giving the
sanction of Congress to it in any way. Tho
whole tiling, I was going to say—but il. would
not be respectful to say what I was about to
say. This committee of tho House of Kepre-
sentatives has spent tho summer as a sort of
traveling concern, purporting to hunt up ovi
denee in regard to tho shipping interests, ami
they have not, discovered in all their examina-
tion one important fact; and that, m, that the
whole commerce of tho world has changed
within tho last, nine years. Nine years ago
wooden ships were in use. Now till tho ships
of lite world, outside of the United States, are
built of iron. Iron ships have greater capa-
city, are more enduring, and aro cheaper in
tho end than wooden ships.
This committee might just as well have in-
troduced a resolution to protect the makers of
wooden hand-rakes from competition with tho
great horse-rake, or the sickle from competi-
tion with the reaping-machine, as to make the
report they have made. They come in now
and ask protection. For what? To protect
their old wooden hulks when they have gone
out of date years and years ago. Let them
learn the business of the present day and gen-
eration, and not undertake by protection to keep
upwbatwill not pay in any event. Let them go
and learn to build iron ships, suitable ships.
But here in this report is tho gist of the
whole matter, and I ask the attention of tho
Senate to it. It is contained in the bill accom-
panying the report. I will not occupy the time
of the Senate in going over this long report,
but I think any Senator who will listen to the
provisions of the bill will see that it ought not
to receive the sanction of this body even by
printing it. It provides:
Re it enacted b>j the Senate and Houie nf Jtepresenta-
tives of the United States of A meriea 111 Congress assem-
bled, That upon aliimportcd lumber, timber, hemp,
Manila, avid composition metal, and upon iron not
advanced beyond plates, rod-bars and bolts wliich
may be used and wrought up into the construction
of steam or sail vessels built, in the United btates,
whethor for the hull, rigging, or equipment, or ma-
chinery oi such vessels, there shall be allowed anu
paid by the Secretary of tho Treasury, under such
regulations as he may prescribe, a drawback equal
to the duties which may have been paid on such
material: Provided, That the amount ot such draw-
back shall not exceed 011 wooden vessels eight dol-
lars per ton; on iron vessels,twelve dollars per ton;
on vessels known as composite, that is vessels com-
posed of iron frames and wooden planking and
sheathing, ten dollars per ton; on wooden stoamcrs,
ten dollars per ton; on composite steamers, com-
posed of iron frames and woodon planking, twelve
dollars per ton; on iron steamers, fifteen dollars per
ton: And provided further. That where American
matorial is used in tho construction of iron or com-
posite vessels orsteamers there shall be allowed and
paid, as aforesaid, an amount oquivalentto the duties
imposed on similar articles of toreign manufacture
when imported, tho full allowance on American
and foreign materials not to exceed the amounts
per ton on vessels of each class respectively here-
inbefore specified.
That is to say, they arc to receive a premium.
No matter if materials are actually lower here
than abroad, they arc still to receivo as a pre-
mium the whole amount of duty on these arti-
cles. Now, sir, if you abandon your iron,
your bolts, your screws, and everything else,
what do you want to protect? Why protect
the man who is putting them together? You
talk about preserving your commerce. Sir,
what aro your ship-yards good for if you have
nothing to manufacture vessels with in case of
war? You abandon everything that goes into
a ship—rigging, nails, bolts, planks, copper,
iron—and yet you are going to protect the men
who put these materials together!
But, sir, tho thing itself is it fraud. They
propose this not for the foreign trade, but for
domestic trade. We have between four and
fivo million tons of shipping, of which four
fifths, and perhaps more, is engaged iu the coast-
ing and inland trade. That is as absolutely
a close monopoly, confined exclusively to
American ships, as can be imagined. No for-
eign ship can touch a pound of this domestic
freight. Now, sir, pass this bill and you re-
duce tho whole amount of this inland coasting
tralfic by ihe exact amount you allow a pre-
mium on new shins built, to wil, about eleven
dollars a ton on the whole. lSul one step fur-
ther and you will see what this means:
Hue. ,'J. And be it further enacted, 'Chat tho owner
of tiny American registered sail or steam vessel which
shall bootigagcdfor more thansixuionKis in theyear
in tho carrying trade between American and toreign
porta, or between theportsof foreign countries,shall
at the end of each llsenlyear in which such vessel has
boon so engaged lie paid by tho collector of the port
where such ye.-sel is registered, upon 'exhibiting sat-
isfactory evidence, iu iorni to bo prescribed by tho
Secretary of tho Treat,my, that.Mich vossel has been
so engaged, upon every suit vessel, $1 50 lot- each
registered ton; and upon every steamer running
to and from the polls of Iho North American pro-
vinces, I 50 fur each registered tun , ami upon every
steamer running tn and from any European port,
four dollars for eaeli logetorcd ton; and uponevory
steautornmning to and lrom all other foreign ports,
three dollars for each registered ton.
You will see, Mr. President, that in case they
see fit to air tho llug by one voyage abroad,
occupying six months, then you will pay them
an actual, direct bounty of $1 fit) a ton 011
every saili tig ship, and four dollars a ton on every
steamship engaged in foreign tradft. The other
six months of tho year they will be in the do-
mestic trade ; but if they Hud il profitable acci-
dentally or incidentally or in any other way to
take this shipping abroad and exhibit, the flag
then you pay them four dollars a ton for doing
it. It is so absurd that I am unwilling that tho
Senate shall even by the printing of it seem to
give its sanction to it.
When this subject comes up for discussion
1 shall go more fully into it. At present I hope
the few thousand dollars that it will cost to
print this report will not be voted by this body.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I take it we
do not indorse everything that we Older to he
printed. This report has been made by a com-
mittee that devoted months to its consideration.
It may not iu all respects he sound. Jhere is,
however, a vast deal of information in it. and
1 trust that the Senate will orderitto be printed.
What we shall do afterward will depend on the
information we obtain from it and the other
information we have. I am a little surprised
that the Senator from Michigan should oppose
the printing of a document like this. It may
be that there are errors in it; but I know that
the committee has devoted a great deal of time
to the subject, that there is a great deal of value
iu it, and that the matter is one of great im-
portance not only to the country, but to agreat
number of people engaged in the business
iuterests of the country. Certainly I hope the
Senator from Michigan will not persist in op-
posing simply the printing of a document of
this kind. It does notcommithim to itspolicy,
does not commit the Senate. For one I say
distinctly that I do not intend to be_ bound by
its recommendations, but to consider them
when it is printed. It binds none of us, but I
think it a matter of courtesy and of fair-dealing.
Mr. CHANDLEB. It has been printed; we
have enough copies. This is for extra copies.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the fact is
within the knowledge of every Senator, the
alarming fact, that American tonnage within
the last leu years has decreased full fifty per
cent. As Senators worthy to be here, we know
that 110 commercial nation can long be pros-
perous that depends upon foreign tonnago with
which lo transport its products. We were fast
culminating to tho pointof the English tonnage
al tho period of time I name ; and about that
period of time when we were making rapid
strides tho English Government sought to do
precisely what we are now seeking to do. They
appointed a commission by the House of
Commons, who devoted one whole year, I
think, to the investigation of the subject. They
made a voluminous report, I think nearly
equal to two bound volumes of the Congres-
sional Globe, and that was the basis of the
action of tho English Government. Pattern-
ing after them, and to meet the exigencies of
the time, a committee of nine members of the
House of ltepresonlatives, scattered all over
the country, were delegated to gather such
information as they could and such informa-
tion as should enable us lo apply the proper
remedy. They have reported a bill. When
that bill or any other bill on the subject shall
como up here for discussion I will be ready to
give my views upon it; and notwithstanding
tho confidence of the Senator from Michigan,
I think he will come to the point that, while
we concede that he knows everything, there
are some other men in this country who know
a few things.
This report is signed by seven of the nine
members constituting the committee. It is not
a violent presumption, I apprehend, to sup-
pose that they are men of ordinary capacity.
H'iny friend from Michigan had been appointed
on thai committee we should have had the per-
fection of human judgment, and we should
have had a bill that would have met our appro-
bation here without dotting an i or crossing a
t. I was a sad mistake that it was not done ;
but then we shall avail ourselves of that gigan-
tic information when the question shall come
before us.
The report is signed by John Lynch, of Maine,
a man ot lorty years' commcrcial experience,
t.ian whom no man is superior iti that little
Slate to which he and I belong; James Bufpin-
ton, of Massachusetts : Cabwalader C. Wasu-
bukx, of Wisconsin; Giles W. Hotchkirs, of
Aew lork; Daniel J. Moiirejvl, of Pennsyl-
vania; IIunry 0. Calkin , of New York; Ekas-
tus Hells, of Missouri—all the members of the
committee, I think, except two. What have
they done ? They have mot the leading com-
mercial men in Philadelphia, New York, Bos-
ton, and Portland for the purpose of asking
them what are the remedies tliat ought to he
applied at this period of time, when the A met-
ieau tonnage is so much decreased and tiueo
fourths of all our importations are in foreign
bottoms.
