1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4011
tion at all to the purpose that the Senator
desires to accomplish.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Iowa to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire if the Sec-
retary has incorporated the clause I last read
in the amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is incor-
porated in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume that amend-
ment is all right; but I may want to have an
opportunity to look at it, and to have another
vote upon it if necessary, when the bill is re-
ported to the Seriate. We are now in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to have any
amendment adopted without every Senator
understanding it. The purpose of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs is to prevent hereafter
the payment of claims for Indian depredations
out of the general appropriations, without re-
quiring them to be submitted to Congress for
the action of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be all right; but
1 thought perhaps the amendment went farther
than the Senator imagined.
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I think not.
Mr. POMEROY. There are cases where
ilaims have been adjudicated and settled and
.■ecommended to be paid, and yet Congress has
failed to make any appropriation or any pro-
vision for them; and the Indians have con-
sented and are willing that they shall be taken
out of their annual appropriations.
Mr. COLE. I am a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, it is true, and prob-
ably acquiesced in this section when it was
presented to the committee; but from inform-
ation that I have obtained since, 1 am in-
clined to the opinion that it is an improper
provision in the law, and I rather think it
should be stricken out entirely. I see that, it
provides that any appropriation made for the
use or benefit of any tribe or tribes of Indians
" shall not be applied to the payment of any
claim for depredations that may have been
committed by such tribe or tribes." It is rep-
resented to me, and I believe it to bo true from
the representations made, that it is provided
in some of the treaties that compensation for
depredations committed by the tribe with which
the treaty is made shall be paid for out of the
subsequent annuities made to that tribe. If
that is so, this section will work an injustice
against persons who may have claims for such
depredations. I do not now remember the
particular tribes nor the circumstances to which
my attention was called, but a pamphlet was
placed ou our tables here not long ago, which
I have searched for to-night but cannot^now
find, setting forth this condition of things;
ami I submit to the chairman whether it wili
not work great injustice, whether it will not
be actually a violation of treaty stipulations,
by cutting off appropriations that are properly
applicable to the payment of damages for
depredations committed by the tribes with
which treaties are made. 1 call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs 
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator-
will allow me, none of these depredations are
paid for under treaty stipulations flint I am
aware of. They are adjusted and paid under
the provision of the law enacted in 1834, known
as the Indian intercourse law ; and I will state
to him the embarrassment of the Departmentin
permitting these claims to come in for adjust-
ment in the Department. During the last year
ihe committee was informed by the Commis-
sioner in several instances that the entire ap-
propriation made to defray the expenses of
individual tribes of Indians was absorbed early
iu the year by claims that were brought in and
proved un and allowed; and there are such
claims now pending which will absorb the
entire appropriation which will be made by
this bill for individual Indian tribes. The com-
mittee thought it would be best to require these
claimants to come to Congress, as other claim-
ants do, and let their claims be examined by
the Committee on Claims, or other appropriate
committees of the two Houses of Congress, and
if Congress should find the claims to be just, let
special appropriations be made for their pay-
ment. We propose to put these claimants on
the same basis precisely on which other claim-
ants are put.
Mr. COLE. I would then inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
if any provision has been made, or whether
any law is proposed for the relief of persons
having those claims for depredations ? It' not,
a great deal less care, it seems to me, is given
to our own race than to the Indian rn.ee. We
are providing for their comfort and conven-
ience, and not providing for those against
whom they have committed offenses, upon whom
they have inflicted damage in some way or
other. 1 regret that I cannot find the ca.so
stated in print that was laid on our tables. It
seemed to me a very distinct statement of the
case. I do not see in this bill any provision
whatever made to meet damages committed by
the Indians against the white people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, lias the amend-
ment been adopted ?
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment has been adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether any particular
abuses have grown out of the old law which
authorises I lie payment of damages?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then thcamend-
ment is still open to amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. Why is it proposed now
to repeal that law?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have that
question answered before we vote on this
amendment.
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. Docs the
Senator from Maine yield to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What does the
Senator desire?
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to know whether
any abuses have grown out of the old law au-
thorizing the payment of damages occasioned
by Indians, and what the reason is that it is
how to be repealed? I believe that to have
been a salutary statute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The information
of the committee was that there was a practice
of getting these claimsinto the hands of agents;
that these claims for damages were sometimes
gotten up ; that the Indians had facilities for
getting up claims, and that they passed into
other hands, and the Indians oftentimes had
little to do with them, and very little interest
in them ; and that the annuities which we
appropriated for their support went into the
hands of the owners of these claims, so that the
Indians were short. It was thought to be the
better.policy, if theie were claims outstanding
against the Indians, that they should be pre-
sented to Congress, and Congress should have
an opportunity of passing directly upon them
by an appropriation.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to that mode
of settling such claims. It is pretty hard to j
say to a claimant who has been injured by In- j
dian depredations that he must come to Con-
gress and wait here, and dance attendance upon
the two Houses for five or six or eight months
without any prospect at all. iu nine cases out
often, of getting a hearing before the proper
committee, much less of getting his pay for the
damages.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the same
thing we have been doing this session. We
have been appropriating tor the Indians where
the whites have stolen their property.
Mr. HOWARD. In such a case I would not
give a groat for a claim. If I were a claimant
myself I should never expect to get any indem-
nity whatever from Congress. I think it very
hard, where damages have been committed by
Indians on whites, that the tribe should not
be required to indemnify for the damages out
of the annuities which are due the tribe. There
may be abuses growing out of it, I agree; but
there are abuses growing out of all law. There
ought to be some remedy for a person who
has suffered depredations at the hands of the
Indians.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine is entitled to the floor. Does
he yield it to the Senator from Nevada?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If he wishes to
ask a question, I do.
Mr. NYE. I should like to suggest to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs whether the proper arbiter in such
a case would not be the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. I think that would be a much better reg-
ulation.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think either of
the honorable Senators was in when I re-
sponded to the inquiry of the honorable Sen-
ator from California. In several cases duriug
the current fiscal year claims have been pre-
sented, allowed, and paid by the Department
that have absoibed every dollar of appropria-
tion for the support of the tribe of Indians
against which they were offered, leaving the
Department without a single dollar to defray
the expenses of that tribe for the current
year; and one or two amendments will be
offered presently by instruction of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to meet, cases of that
kind, where the entire appropriation has been
absorbed in paying claims.
Sir. EDMUNDS. Have those claims gen-
erally been just ?
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps as just as claims
usually are; but the committee thought ii
would be better, instead of leaving the Indians
to starve for twelve months, to require the
claimants to come to Congress just as other
claimants do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I guess they are trumped
up.
Mr. HARLAN. If so, then there is the
greater wisdom in adopting this amendment.
Some of them may be trumped up.
Mr. C0RBE1T. 1 wish to explain 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the hon-
orable Senator will allow me to perfect the
amendment first.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to make some re-
marks with regard to this very section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to per-
fect it first, and then we can see how it stands.
I wish to propose an amendment which I think
will answer the purpose, and avoid the diffi-
culty which is suggested, if it is one. I pro-
pose to strike out in line two the words ;'by
this act" and to insert " herein, or which shall
hereafter be appropriated;'' and in line seven
to strike out " prior to the passage of this act"
and insert" except by express warrant of law;"
so that the section will read :
That no part of tlie moneys appropriated herein,
or which shall hereafter be appropriated to pay
annuities due to or to be used and expanded for tho
care and benefit of any tribe or tribes of Indians
named herein, bhill be applied to tho payment of
any claim for depredations that may have been
committed by such tribe or tribes 01 any member or
members thereof, exeept by expiess warrant oi law.
Mr. HARLAN". I am 110L sure whether that
would effect the remedy which I know the
Senator and myself desire to effect. These
claims are allowed under warrant of Jaw. I he
Iudian intercourse law of 1884 itself provider
distinctly that these claims shall be examined
when presented to the Interior Peparfcmeht,
and when they are satisfied that the claims aru
iust, they shall pay them out of any annuities
or moneys due the tribe. The amendment
suggested by the Senator from Ma\ne provides
