3068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
aw if lis reflects a moment. The subject itself
is a very complicated one. The science of
ventilation is of very modern date. Experi-
ments in it have seldom been carried on upon
a large scale or over any very extensive period
of time.
Those who apply scientific theories to this
Hall find themselves met at once by the most
formidable problem, in regard to the size of the
Hall, that could be found anywhere in the
world. This is probably the largest Hall de-
voted to public uses to which the science of
ventilation is to be applied. That is one stum-
bling-block at the outset. Then the committee
find upon further inquiry that there are per-
haps more disturbing elements in the atmos-
phere of this Hall than in any other that can
be named. In the first place, the plan of
forcing air into the Hall, contrary to the pro-
cesses of nature, is one of the disturbing ele-
ments. The opening and shutting of so many
doors above and below is also a disturbing
element; and another is the ingress and egress
of great numbers of people. The lighting of
the large number of gas jets above us in the
evening is a very great disturbing element, as
each one of these gas jets requires more air to
keep it burning than is required for the breath-
ing of five adult persons. There are disturb-
ing elements also in the state of the air out-
side, not only as to heat and eold, but as to
moisture or dryness, clouds or sunshine, winds
or calm, and many other minor matters that
might be named.
Now, in wading throagh this mass of litera-
ture it has seemed to me that those who
deaigned the ventilation of this Hall in the
ontsetomitted the consideration of a great many
of the disturbing elements to which I have
referred. Upon their theory as to the usual
and common use of the Hall, with about as
many persons in it as there are now—that is,
the average number of members in attendance
and some two or three hundred persons in the
galleries—the system of ventilation is perhaps
practically eorrect, aa nearly so as any that
can be devised by the ase of the means now
employed. But all the other disturbing ele-
ments I have named were left out of consider-
ation by the architect of the Capitol, or those
who devised the ventilating arrangements. It
is when we come to the consideration of these
other disturbing elements that we find difficulty
in deciding upon the plans now submitted to
os. No one of those submitting plans appears
to kave weighed and measured the extent of
these distarbing elements. Some have made
experiments upon the atmosphere on the bor-
ders of the Hall, near the injection pipes in
the galleries, where more heated air ascends.
But no experiments, so far as I am aware,
have been made with any accuracy or extend-
ing over any length of time concerning the
condition of the atmosphere in the center of
the Ball, where the air becomes'foul soonest,
remains so longest, and where its effects become
the most oppressive. No one has taken obser-
vations to ascertain the changes in the condi-
tion of the atmosphere as to temperature,
moisture, &c., growing out of the ingress and
egress of the hundreds of people that some-
times fill these galleries.
Mr. 8peaker, before we proceed one step in I
this matter we desire to have the advice of the
House whether we shall proceed at ail; for
unless we ean by some well-condacted experi-
ments test die scientific opinions and facts
brought to our attention, it would be worse
than useless for us to waste oar time on this
subject. Nothing can come of it bat barren i
results if we are to depend upon tbe mere sug-
gestions of scientific mea who are interested
in this subject. We ask the adoption of the
resolution to get the sense of the House, and
to the end that we may know whether any :
practical resnltshall come from the committee. 1
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the gen- j
tleman who is proposed shall be the judge of j
the most acceptable mode of ventilating the !
Hall 6fthe House; that'is, who is to supervise
these experiments?
Mr. JENCKES. The experiments are to be
conducted under the direction of the commit-
tee, and are to be such as they may order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Rhode Island whether the
duty with which it is proposed to charge the
committee will extend beyond the mere ques-
tion of ventilation, and whether it will consider
also the lighting and the location of this Hall ?
I wish to say in this connection that it seems
to me we shall never have a Hall fit to be used
for the transaction of the public business until
we get out next to the outside world, until we
take away the lobbies aud clerks' rooms on two
sides of this Hall, and get some pure air direct
from the outside world. I do not think it is
possible to devise a worse system than that we
now have. I call attention of gentlemen to the
thermometers fastened to the sides of the Hall.
Such was the extreme confidence of the archi-
tect that he ordered thermometers made which
would not iudicate higher than ninety-five de-
grees Fahrenheit, in the full confidence that
no higher degree would ever be reached in this
Hall. Gentlemen who sat here in the month
of July, 1867, when the heat was far above
ninety degrees, will recollect we had to send
out into the city to procure the Common ther-
mometers to record the fierceness of the heat
in which we were roasting and sweltering in
the dead artificial air forced up here from the
basement. Still further, I hope the investiga- ,
tions of the committee will extend to the sky-
lights over our heads. Any man sitting here
during the evening can feel his skull and brain
going through the slow process of roasting from
the heat which pours down into this close oven.
A Member. Not very slow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; not very
slow. If any one wishes to subject his enemy
to the cannibal process of roasting alive, put
him here on a July night with a thousand gas-
burners shooting their fiery rays down upon
him. What a contrast is this when compared
with a church-building in this city 1 It' any
gentleman will go into the Methodist Episco-
pal church on the corner of M and Ninth street
north, of this city, the church of Rev. Mr.
Tudor, he will see a specimen of ventilation as 1
perfect as any 1 have ever known. By a sim-
ple and not expensive device the most delight-
ful coolness pervades that building, and the
temperature is completely under control. But
here we sit in the worst ventilated modern
public building known to civilization.
Mr. Speaker, I hope we shall give this com-
mittee ample authority. I trust the scope of
the resolution will embrace the question of
removing the lobbies and other rooms so as to
put us next to the outside world and give us
air from the sides aa well as from abo.ve, and
that it also embrace the question whether we
shall get rid of these enormous galleries. Not .
more than twenty men in this House are blessed 1
with sufficient voice so they can sustain them-
selves for three quarters of an hour and be
heard by those who ordinarily sit here and in .
the galleries. Hence the wisdom and ability !
of many of our best members are mainly lost ,
to the House because of their inability to make ;
themselves heard. Both Houses of Congress
are sacrificed to the galleries. The British
House of Commons consists of over six hundred
members, and yet they occupy a much smaller
hall than this. But a gentle voice can be heard
everywhere in their hall. They have no gallery
except a little apartment separated from the
hall of the House by a lattice-work, large :
enough to hold about twenty people. The
remit is that the house is its own audience, j
and members address the house and not the I
spectators. This gives the House of Com- :
raons business like habits which we would do ;
well to emulate. No man can rise to speak in
this hall and be oblivious of the fact that there ,
are from one to three thousand people sitting 1
as auditors in the galleries, add unconsciously 11
to himself he begins to address his whole
audience. Hence so little real debate and so
many orations in this Hall. A smaller, better
ventilated hall will add to the health and com-
fort of the members, and greatly improve the
efficiency and increase the value of their delib-
erations.
I hope the amplest authority will be given
to this committee to investigate the whole
subject, and that they will speedily propose a
thorough reform.
Mr. JENCKES. The pending resolution
covers all those subjects. We wish to reach
the best results. I demand the previous ques-
tion, and will yield the floor a few minutes
after it is seconded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before we second the
demand for the previous question I wish to
know how much time further the gentleman
proposes to consume on this subject. If he is
to consume another hour I hope the previous
question will not be seconded, but that the
morning hour will be allowed to expire.
Mr. JENCKES. I now move the previous
question, and I shall then yield for twenty
minutes to several gentlemen who wish to be
heard.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Maiue, [Mr. Morrlil.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say a few words with reference to the
disturbing elements in the ventilation of this
House, which have been very plainly and
distinctly alluded to by the chairman of the
committee. I want to speak of one of the
greatest disturbing elements in the ventilation
of this House—and that is tobacco smoke.
[Laughter.] It is thick enough from day to
day to cut with a knife; and I believe there is
no possibility of ventilating this House prop-
erly so long as we have such a cloud of tobacco
smoke. As long as members smoke here in
their seats, all around this Hall, and in the
cloak-room, this is a perfect smoke-house; so
that in fact, Mr. Speaker, if you wanted to
make bacon I do not know of a more appro-
priate place in this whole country than this very
Hall. I presume it would taste considerably
of tobacco, but nevertheless it would be bacon.
I feel impelled, sir, to put in my protest against
the use of tobacco in this Hall. It is one of
the most outrageous abuses with which I am
acquainted, and it is most detrimental to the
ventilation of this House. If the practice is
going to be kept up, I propose that with a
view of improving the ventilation of the House
there shall be a funnel constructed, to connect
directly with God's pure air, so as to let out
the smoke of this House.
Mr. JENCKES. After this counterblast
against tobacco I now yield three minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I suppose there
can be no difference of opinion in this House
as to the fact that ventilation is absolutely
necessary to enable members to transact the
business here devolving upon them with any-
thing like comfort or anything like continued
health. The gentleman who has just spoken
attributes the difficulty to smoking cigars. I
should be very hajppy, indeed, to see his views
carried out in this House so that we should
have nothing of that kind. It would undoubt-
edly have a tendency to promote the salubrity
of the atmosphere. But that is not the main
difficulty. The difficulty is that we shut out
the air of heaven. In the old Hall, before
this wing was built, there was free access of
pure air from the south, the ventilation was
always good, and we had no complaints on
that score. Now, sir, in my view it is not
necessary to expend $3,000 or $1,000 in the
accomplishment of all that is required for the
ventilation of this Hall. I do not think that
it is necessary to enter upon any scientific
experiments in this matter. In my judgment
there are two simple modes by which the im-
