4956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
UMATILLA RESERVATION*.
Mr. KBLSEY. I withdraw iny objection
to the joint resolution in relation to the Uma-
tilla reservation. On further consideration, I
think it ought to pass.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 1X6) in-
structing the President to negotiate with the
Indians upon the Umatilla reservation in Ore-
gon was read.
Ij. requests the President of the United States
.to negotiate with the Indians upon the Uma-
tilla reservation in Oregon, with the view of
ascertaining on what terms said Indians will
relinquish to the United States all their claim
or right to said reservation and remove to some
other reservation in said State or Washington
Territory, or take lands in severalty in quanti-
ties not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
on their present reservation, and to report to
Congress ; and to defray the expense of such
negotiation it appropriates $2,000 out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
No further objection being made, the bill
was read a first, second, and third time, and
passed.
OMAHA AND NORTHWESTERS RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 300) to aid in the coustiaction
of the Omaha and Northwestern railroad and
telegraph line, from Omaha, via the mouth of
the Niobrara river, to a point of junction with
the Northern Pacific railroad in Dakota Terri-
tory.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
JiXTENSlOM Of PATENT RIGHT.
The nest business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 743) confirming and extend-
ing a patent right to Levi W. Pond and Eau
Claire Lumber Company.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
MISSISSIPPI AND ARKANSAS RAILROAD.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
the bill {S. No. 483) granting lauds and the
right of way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of
north latitude, from the Mississippi river to
the Arkansas river.
Objection was made.
JOHN TYLER.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker'stable was
the bill (S.No. 700) for the relief of John Tyler.
The bill was read for inhumation. It author-
izes the Commissioner of Patents, upon due ap-
plication made to him, to extend the patent of
John Tyler, of West Lebanon, New Hampshire,
for impiovements in water-wheels, issued to
him July &, 185G, and reissued in 1868, and
which will expire July 8, 1870, upon the same
evidence and principles as if application had
been made to him by the said patentee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
idr. STEVENS. The bill is merely to cor-
rect an error. It lias been before the Com-
mittee on Patents, and I have been instructed
to ask that it be passed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri persist in his objection?
Air. CALKIN. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri does not object', 1 do.
COURTS IN NOKTHEUN MISSISSIPPI
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 800) to change the place of
holding ilie courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi.
The bill was read. It provides that the dis-
trict courts of the northern district of Missis
sippi, v.ow required to be held at Oxford, shall
hereafter be held at the city of Holly Springs,
in said State ; and no recognizance, writ, pro-
cess, order, or notice now returnable in said
court at Oxford shall be affected by such change,
but shall,be deemed returnable at Holly Springs.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
SOUTHERN MINNESOTA RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 821) authorizing the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Company to connect its
line with the Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Minuesota. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the question to the House whether it shall
bo considered rulable to allow bills and joint
resolutions on the Speaker's table when
reached to be referred to appropriate commit-
tees by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILKINSON. I object to such an
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. A single objection could
prevent a reference. The proposition is not
that a bill shall be referred by a majority vote,
but that if no objection be made it may be
referred.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will not object to that.
SETTLERS IN NEBltASKl.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
abill'(S. No. 713) for the relief of preemption
settlers in.the State of Nebraska.
The bill, which was read, provides that, set-
tleis upon the public domain within the limits
of the West Point laud district, in the State
of Nebraska, who prior to the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1870, had filed their declaratory state-
ments under the preemption laws for tracts once
offered at public sale and afterward included
in the lateral limits of any withdrawal, where
such lands were, at date of filing, as aforesaid,
subject to disposal under said preemption laws,
and who through erroneous belief that by such
withdrawal the lands so settled upon and
claimed became subject to the designation of
"unoffered" lands, have failed to make the
proof and payment required by law within one
year from the date of alleged settlement, shall
be, and are hereby, allowed and authorized to
make such proof and payment within one year
from the passage of this act upon showing a
full compliance with all other provisions of
the preemption laws.
Mr. TAFFE. It is necessary that this bill
shall be passed now if any iclicf is to be af-
forded. These settlers have failed to comply
with the law through misapprehension. Ail
this bill docs is to extend the time for their
benefit.
Mr. KEItlt objected to the bill; and it was
returned to the Speaker's table.
DEPUTY COLLECTORS.
Tile next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 517) to define the intent of an act
entitled "An aet to allow deputy collectors of
internal revenue, acting as collectors, the pay
of'collector, and for other purposes," approved
March 1, 1869.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 think this bill should be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I believe that, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are satisfied that
this bill should pass.
Mr. ALLISON. Let it be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the true
intent and meaning of an aet approved March
1, 1809, entitled "Au act to allow deputy col-
lectors of internal revenue, acting as collect-
ors, the pay of collectors, and for other pur-
poses," is as follows :
Tliafc any deputy collcctnr ol'internal revenue who
lias performed, or may hereafter perform, under
authority of law, the duties ot collector of internal
revenue in consequence of any vacancy in the office
of Siiidcolleelor,shall beentilledfo aud shall receivo
the salary and commissions allowed by law to such
collector, or the allowance m lieu of said salary and
connnifasions allowed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to suf-h collector; and that tile Secretary ot the
Treasury is authorized to mske to the said deputy
cellcotoi such altmniuce in lieu of salary and com-
missions - In? would by law be authorized to make
to said collector. And suiil deputy collector sliall
not be debarred from receiving haul salary and com-
missions, or allowance m lieu thereof, by reason of
the holding of another Pedoiai office hy snid col-
lector during the time t,T winch t-aid deputy col-
lector acts as collector -.Provided, That all payments
to said deputy collector shall be upon duly audited ■
vouchers-
Mr. ALLISON. I think that bill should be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Meaps,
Mr. ROOTS. I object to the reference.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
DULCTII, MINNESOTA,
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
a bill (S. No. 875) to create a port of delivery
at Duluth, Minnesota.
The bill, which was read, provides that Du-
luth, in the State of Minnesota, shall be con-
stituted a port of delivery within tbe collection
district of New Orleans; aud that there shall
be appointed a surveyor of customs, to^ reside
at said port, who shall perform the duties anid
receive the compensation and emoluments pre-
scribed in the act of Congress approved March
2, 1831, being an act allowing the duties oti
foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez to be secured and
paid at those places.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I understand
that the Committee on Commerce recommended
the passage of this bill.
Mr. CONGER, objected; and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
OltKUON r.RANCII ItAILUOAD.
'The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 112, to aid in the construction
of the Oregon Branch railroad.
Mr. AM1SLEU objected: and the bill \va$
returned to the Speaker's table.
VALLKJO, CAMi'ORNM.
The next business on the Speaker's table waa
a bill (S. No. 875) to create a port of delivery
at Vallejo. California.
Mr. JOHNSON. The delegation from the .
State of California have agreed to this bill, and
so have the Committee on Commerce, jvith an
amendment, which I ask leave now to offer.
Mr.WILKlNSON objected; and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
IIISN11Y O. WEVrilEUISY,
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 880) granting a pension to Henry .
C._ Weatherby.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Henry
C. Weatherby, father of Henry K. Weatherby,
late a private in company I of the second Iowa
cavalry, upon the pension-roll, and pay lum
a pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the 22d day of February, 1861.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first, second, and third time, and passed.
LANDS IN SIN MIANCISCO.
The next business on the Speaker's tablewas
the bill (S. No. 2-11) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the city
and comity of San Francisco.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I hope this
bill will be leferred.
Mr. AXTELL, I desire to offer an amend-
ment which I think will render this bill entirely
satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. An amendment Is equiv-
alent to au objection ; but by unanimous con-
sent it may be entertainedj
The bill was read.
Mr. WILLARl) objected.
LAND-GUANX UAILItOAD.
i he next business on the Speaker's table was
tbe bill (S. Ko. 381) granting lands to aid the
construction of a railroad from tbe western
! boundary of Minnessota, at tbe junction of
1 thy Sioux \\ ood river with tbe Red river of
j the .North, to the Ylinnepeg district of British
j Amenca.
I Objecliori was made.
j LAND DrSTIUC'i IN
i The ru'xt bu-i'nobs on the Speakers lah)e was
