1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
stand for you to take, I have no hesitation in reply-
ins that you must insist on all the rights and priv-
ileges of a citizen. They belong to you. They are
yours; and whoever undertakes to rob you of them
is a usurper and an impostor.
Of oourso you -will take part in any primary
meetings for political organiiations open to citizens
generally, ana will not miss any opportunity to show
your loyalty and fidelity.
Aocept my best wishes, and believe me, gentle-
men, faithfully yours,
CHARLES SUMNER.
Such was my earnestness in this work that
when invited by the municipality of Boston,
where I was born and have always lived, to
address my fellow-citizens in commemoration
of the late President, I deemed it my duty to
dedicate the day mainly to a vindication of
equal rights as represented by him. I hold in
uiy hand the address on that occasion, from
which I will read one passage. This was on
the 1st of June, 1865:
"The argument for the colored suffrage is over-
whelming. It springs from the necessity of the case
as well as from the rights of man. This suffrage is
needed for the security of the colored people, for
the stability of the local government, and for the
strength of the Union. Without it there is nothing
but insecurity for theoolored people, instability for
the local government, and weakness for the Union
involving of eourse the national credit."
This was followed by a letter dated Boston,
July 8,1865, addressed to the colored people of
Savannah, who had done me the honor of for-
warding to me a petition asking for the right
to vote, with the request that I would present
it to the President. After saying that had I
been at Washington I should have had great
pleasure in presenting the petition personally,
but that I was obliged to content myself by
another method, I proceeded in this way:
Allow me to add, you must not be impatient.
Yon have bore the heavier burdens of slavery; and
as these hare ended, be assured that the others will
end also. This enfranchised Republic, setting an
example to mankind, cannot continue to sanction an .
odious oligarchy whose single distinctive element
is color. I have no doubt that you will be admitted
to the privileges of citizens.
It is impossible to suppose that Congress will
sanction any governments in the rebel States whioh
sire not founded on " the consent of the governed."
This is the corner-stone of republican institutions.
Of course, by the " governed" is meant all the loyal
citizens, without distinctionof color. Anything else
is   mockery.
l)o not neglect your work; but, meanwhile, pre-
pare yourselves for the duties of citizens. They are
yours of right, and they will be yours soon in reality.
The prejudice of caste and a false interpretation of
the Constitution cannot prevail against justice and
common sense and the common safety, all of which
are on your side; and I may add, the Constitution
also, which, when properly interpreted, is clearly on
your side.
Accept my best wishes, and believe me, fellow-
citizens, faithfully yours,
CHARLES SUMNER.
This was followed by an elaborate speech
before the Republican State convention at
Worcester, September 14,1866,entitled "The
national security and the national faith—guar-
antees for the national freedmen and the national
creditor," where I insisted that national peace
and tranquillity could be had only from impar-
tial suffrage ; and I believe that it was on this
occasion that this phrase, which has since be-
come a formula of politics, was first publicly
employed. My language was as follows:
"As the national peace and tranquillity depend
essentially upon the overthrow of monopoly and
tyranny, here is another occasion for a special guar-
anteeagainstthe whole pretension of color. Norebel
State can be readmitted vrith this controversy still raging
and ready to break forth."
Mark the words, if you please.
" So long as it continues, the land will refuse its
increase. Agriculture and business of all kinds will
be uncertain, and the country will be handed over
to a fearful struggle, with the terrorsofSan Domingo
to darken the prospect. In shutting out the freed-
in an from his equal rights at the ballot-box, you open
the doors of discontent and insurrection. Cavaignac,
the patriotic president of the French republic, met
the present case when, speaking of France, he said:
' I do not believe repose possible, either in the pres-
ent or the future, except so far as you found your
political condition on universal suffrage, loyally, sin-
cerely. completely accepted and observed."—-Afoni-
teur. May 21,1850, page 1761.
I then proceeded, not adopting the term
"universal suffrage" employed by the emi-
nent Frenchman, as follows:
"It 'only impartial suffrage that I cow claim
Without distinction of color, so that there shall be
one equal rule for all men. And this, too, must be
placed under the safeguard of constitutional law."
I followed up this effort by a communication
to that powerful and extensively-circulated
paper, the New York Independent, under date
of Boston, October 29, 1865, where I expressed
myself as follows:
" For the sake of tho whole country, which suffers
from weakness in any part: for the sake of the States
lately distracted by war, which above all things need
security and repose; for the sake of agriculture, which
is neglected there; for the sake of commerce, whioh
has fled; for the sake of the national creditor, whose
generous trust is exposed to repudiation; and, finally,
for the sake of reconciliation, which can be complete
only when justioe prevails, we must insist upon Equal
Rights as the condition of the new order of things."
Mark if you please, sir, "as the condition
of the new order of things;" or, as I called it
on other occasions, the corner-stone of recon-
struction :
" So long as this question remains unsettled, there
can be no true peace, Therefore, I would say to the
( merchant who wishes to open trade with this region;
. to the capitalist who wishes to send his money there;
] to the emigrant who wishes to find a home there,
: begin by assuring justice to all men. Thisisthe one
essential condition of prosperity, of credit, and of
: tranquillity. Without this, mercantile houses, banks,
' and emigration societies having anything to do with
this region must all fail, or at least suffer in business
i and resources.
" To Congress we must look as the guardian under
, the Constitution of the national safety."
, Meanwhile the President adopted a policy
I of reaction. I was at home in Massachusetts,
| and from Boston, under date of November 12,
I 1865, 1 addressed him a telegraphic dispatch,
I as follows:
; To the President of the United States, Washington :
I As a faithful friend and supporter of your Admin -
| istration, I most respectfully petition you to suspend
| for the present your policy toward tho rebel States.
I I should not present this prayer if I were not pain-
fully convinced that thus far it has failed to obtain
any reasonable guarantees for that security in the
futurewhich is essential to peace and reconciliation.
To my mind, it abandons the freedmen to the con-
trol of their ancient masters, and leaves the national
debt exposed to repudiation by returning rebels.
The Declaration of Independence asserts the Equal-
ity of all men, and that rightful government can be
founded only on the consent of the governed. I see
small chance of peace unless these great principles
are practically established. Without this the house
will continue divided against itself.
CHARLES SUMNER,
iSenator ttf the United States.
Not content with these efforts, in an article
more literary than political in its character,
which found a place in the Atlantic Monthly
for December, 1865, entitled, " Clemency and
Common Sense; a curiosity of literature, with
a moral," I again returned to this same ques-
tion. I will quote only a brief passage:
"Again, we are told gravely that the national
power which decreed emancipation cannot maintain
it by assuring universal enfranchisement, because
an imperial government must be discountenanced;
as if the whole suggestion of 'imperialism' or
'centralism' were not out of place until the na-
tional security is established and our debts, whether
to the national freedman or the national creditor,
are placed where they cannot be repudiated. A
phantom is created, and to avoid this phantom we
rush toward concession and compromise, as from
Chary bdis to Scylla.
The session of Congress opened December
4, 1865, and you will find that on the first day
j I introduced two distinct measures of recon-
struction with Equality before the law as their
j corner-stone. The first was a bill entitled as
follows:
" A bill in part execution of the gnaranteeof a repub-
lican form of government in the Constitution of
the United States.
"Whereas it is declared in the Constitution that
the United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government: and
whereas certain States have allowed their govern-
ments to be subverted by rebellion, so that the duty as
now cast upon Congress of executing this guarantee:
Now, therefore,
"Be it enacted, &c., That in all States lately de-
clared to be in rebellion there shall be no oligarchy
invested with peculiar privileges and powers, and
there shall be no denial of rights, civil or political,
on account of race or color; but all persons shall be
equal before tho law, whether in the court-room or
at the ballot-box. And this statute, made in pur-
suance of the Constitution, shall be the supreme law
of t.he land, anything in the constitution or laws of
any such State to the contrary notwithstanding."
The second was "a bill to enforce the guar-
antee of a republican form of government in
certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown." Head this bill if
you please, sir. I challenge criticism of it at
this date in the light of all our present expe-
rience. It is in twelve sections, and you will find
in it the very proposition which is now in ques-
tion, being the requirement of the equal rights
for all in the reconstruction of the rebel States.
"Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That thodoln-
gatos"—
That is, the delegates to the convention—
"shall be elected by the loyal male citizens of the
United States, of the ago of twenty-one yuars, and
resident at the timo in the county, parish, or dis-
trict in which they shall offer to vole, and enrolled
as aforesaid, or absent in the military service of tho
United States."
And then the bill proceeds to provide—
" That the convention shall declare, on behalf of
the people of the State, their submission to tho Con-
stitution and thelaws of theUnited States, andshall
adopt the following provisions, heroby prescribed by
the United States in execution of the constitutional
duty to guaranty a republican form of government
to every State, and incorporate them in tho consti-
tution of the State; that is to say."
After one—two—three—four propositions,
the bill proceeds as follows:
"Thereshall be no distinctions among the inhab-
itants of this State founded on race, former condition,
or color. Every such inhabitant shall be entitled
to all the privileges before the law enjoyed by tho
: most favored class of such inhabitants."
And the bill concludes:
"These provisions shali be perpetual, not to be
abolished or changed hereafter."
Nor is this all. On the same day I intro-
duced "A bill supplying proper legislation to
enforce the amendment to the Constitution pro-
hibiting slavery," of which I will read the third
section:
"That in further enforcement of the provision of
the Constitution prohibiting slavery, and in order
to remove all relics of this wrong from the States
where this constitutional prohibition takes effect, it
is hereby declared that all laws or customs in such
States, establishing any oligarchical privileges, and
any distinctions of rights on account of color or race,
are hereby annulled, and all persons in such States
are recognized as equal before the law ; and the pen-
alties provided in the last section are hereby made
applicable to any violation of this provision, which
is made in pursuance of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States."
Still further, on the same day I introduced
other resolutions entitled '' Resolutions declar-
atory of the duty of Congress in respect to
guarantees of the national security and the
national faith in the rebel States." One of
these guarantees, which I proposed to establish,
was as follows:
" The complete suppression of all oligarchical pre-
tensions, and the complete enfranchisement of all
citizens, so that there shall be no denial of rights on
account of color or race; but justice shall be impar-
tial, and all shall be equal before the law."
I added also a provision which I was unable
to carry—it was lost by a tie vote—as follows:
"The organization of an educational system for
the equal benefit of all, without distinction of color
oy race."
Snch, sir, were the measures which I had the
honor of bringing forward at the very begin-
ning of the session. During the same session,
in an elaborate effort which occupied two days,
February 6 and 7, 1866, and is entitled " The
equal rights of all; the great guarantee and
present necessity, for the sake of security, and
to maintain a republican Government," I vin-
dicated the necessity of the colored suffrage in
order to obtain peace and reconciliation, and I
placed it on the foundations of constitutional
j law as well as natural justice. Here isa passage
; from this speech:
"And here, after this long review, I am brought
back to more general considerations, and end as I
began, by showing the necessity of Enfranchisement
for the sake of Public Security and Public Faith. I
plead now for the ballot, as the Great Guarantee;
and the only sufficient Guarantee—being in ltsell
peaoe-maker, reconoiler, schoolmaster, and pro-
tector—to which we are bound by every necessity
and every reason; and I speak also for the good ot
the States lately in rebellion, as well as for the
and safety of the Republic, that it may be an example
to mankind."
The speech closed as follows;
"The Roman Cato, after declaring his belief in the
