1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Broolcs.
Ho. of Reps.
STATEMENT—Continued.
Description of goods.
I
Woolens. I
French chinchilla over- j
coating 
1'rcnch chinchilla oyer-1
coating j
Yurvier Moscows over- ;
coatings ;
Ycrvicr Moscows over- j
coatings i
Vervier Moscows over-'
coatings 
Vcrvior Moscows over- j
coatings .|
Vcrvior doeskins j
Vervier doeskins i
Vcrvior doeskins 
Vervier doeskins 
Aix la Chapellc castor I
Aix la Chapelle castor 
Aix la Chapelle double
castor 
Aix la Chapelle double
castor 
Aix la Chapelle fine castor
Width
of goods.
Total
ad valorem
duty.
Inches.
Per cent.
54
74
51
63
54
1134
51
110
54
75
54
68
51
111
54
08
54
71
54
61
51
97
54
87
54
116
51
101
54
65
The calculations are from actual imports and on
actual costs of merchandise which are excluded by
duty- , „ . , .
The discounts on the foreign costs are allowed m
the calculations.
CARPETS—CAKPET TRADE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Notliing can be more unjust than the duties
imposed upon carpeting by this bill—a renewal
of the existing duties in some eases, and an
addition to those in other cases. I call the
attention of the House and of the country to
this fact (hat the great carpet trade of the coun-
try is monopolized by five or six great manu-
facturers, who make and furnish the American
carpetings used at St. Louis, Chicago, Phila-
delphia, New York, and other great cities, or
prosperous villages of the United States.
If you desire to carpet your house, an ordi-
nary first-class house, you have in effect to pay
some few manufacturers from $475 to $215 for
the privilege.
Letter from a carpet-ltoicse Zn]S~eu< Vorkjo Hon. James
Brooks, dated March 3, 1870.
"Iteplying to your letter I note as requested an esti-
mate of the cost of carpeting an ordinary first-class
house, say:
150 yards Axminster or Jloyuetle, So  $750
37o yards Brussels, average 40  000
75 yards "Wilton, $4    300
Sundries  50
Total $2,000
" The duty paid on above amounts to $175.
"Second-class houso, carpeted with tapestry car-
pets made by Bright or Crossloy, of England, same
quantity as above:
OUO yards tapestry, Si 50  5000
Sundries  50
Total  SO®
"Duty paid on same, $215—75 per cent, ad valorem.
" Wo contend half of the duty paid is unnecessary
extra protection. Thirty-five per cent., with raw
materials free, should be all American manufactur-
ers should ask tor."
The chief carpet manufacture of thecountry,
through the E. B. Bigelow patent, of Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the executive com-
mittee of the National Association of Wool
Manufacturers, is in the hands of some five men,
and five men only. And thesemen, through this
patent, more or less control the whole fine-car-
pet production of the United States, and they
are, of course, growing immensely rich upon
these enormous bounties. I could afford, every
time I recarpet my house, to give a $300 or
$400 cheek to any one of them if he would
mil) let mo alone or let me buy carpels where
T can buy them cheapest.
! Av ti act ft out another letter from a ccerpet-liouae in Nc-w
' fork to lion. James Brooks, dated Pebruaryld, 1870.
Replying to your inquiry, we beg to state the only
reduction reported in new bill ol Ways and Means is
that woven druggets shall pay 12 cents per square
yard, and 35 per cent, ad valorem, instead of 25 cents
per square yard and 35 ad valorem, as now; but, on
the other hand, quite a number are increased,
namely:
Present duty. Proposed duty.
Felt carpeting, instead of
40 per cent., shallbol2ccnts per square
yard, and 85 cents ad
valorem, equal to 70 per
cont. on the average of
kinds imported.
Cocoa mats, instead of
30 per cent., shall be 35 per cent, ad
valorem.
Cocoa matting, instead of
25 per oent., shall be 40 per ecnt. ad
valorem, supposing par-
agraph from lines 305 to
309 is intended to cover
this article; but should
this not bo the case, per-
haps the same may re-
main undisturbed under
previous tariffs.
Shoepskin mats, instead of
45 per cent., shall be 50 per cent, ad
valorem.
Carpet bindings have for three or four years past
been entirely excluded by a prohibitory duty, aver-
aging 150 per cent., explained as follows:
Gross weighing 3i pounds, duty 50 cents per pound,
is      $1 eo
Cost 6 .—141, 35 per cent, ad valorem, duty
added  51
Each gross  $2 17
The Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose no essential relief, we thus see, but, save
in one instance, add on and on, though exist
ing duties (see the Stewart statement) run from
52 to 102 per cent. The increased duty upon
felt carpeting is a heavier tax upon the lower
class of carpeting, which is used mainly by the
humbler classes of the people. Now, notwith-
standing all theinjusticel have pointed out, the
committee have left us where they found us, at
themercyoftlieBigelowpatent, or, atthemercy
of Mr. Bigelow himself, the great head center
of the wool and woolen monopoly of the coun-
try. I believe no such monopoly exists anywhere
else on the face of the earth. Nopeople would
stand it except the ever-enduring American
people. No Briton, no frenchman, no Span-
iard, not even a Turk, would endure an oppres-
sion like this. Even John Bright, the great
friend of the United States in England, can-
not but laugh at us. I hold in my hand a speech
he has recently made at Birmingham, Janu-
ary 20, in vindication of the Cobden free com-
mercial treaty between France and England
when he said:
" Well, protection lias an ill name; there is a. bad
smell about it altogether. [Laughter.] It was long
believed to have something to do with somebody rob-
bing somebody else, and therefore they got rid of the
name 4 protection' and adopted the name veci-
tunately weliave only the making ot our own tariffs.
We cannot changc others exccpt by negotiation like
that of I860. Having got France to make a large step
m the progress of free trade, the people turn round
and abuse the Frenchman because he hasnotdonoso
much as "wo havo done, and say wo shall not deal witii
him unless ho will adopt free-trade principles to the
extent to which we have carried them in this coun-
try. [llear, hear.] What would they do it the United
States put on a duty at least three times as heavy on
our goods as France does ? The firm, with which I
nm connected sends carpets to America which Poy
a duty of 73 per cent.; that is io say, every 1100
worth of goods leaving Liverpool pays, on arriv-
ing at New York, 75 per cent, before it can go into
the city to be sold. [Hear, hoar.J Well, the Ameri-
can people will put all that right by and by. lhey
are going through the process of instruction, such
as we went through thirty years ago, and they will
put it right by and by. But is it proposed to put
a tax upon American cotton and American corn
because the Americans put a heavy tax upon our
goods? Why, the thing monstrous. It is only to
make one evil double, and to make a trade wnien
you carry on under certain difficulties a trade wliicii
shall be absolutely impossible. [Jlcar, hear, and
cheers, j'*
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman's time will be extended.
There being no objection, the time was
extended.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I thank the
House for its courtesy. 1 had hoped, Mr.
Chairman, that the duty on cotton manufac-
tures would not have been increased above
what it is under the existing tariff. If there
be anything in which the power of American
genius has shown its superiority over that of
all other nations of the world it has been its
cotton industry and its cotton machinery.
Under our old systems of tariff and of labor,
the cotton cloths of Lowell, especially the
coarser cotton cloths, were sent to a greater
or less extent over the whole earth, i have
seen them in Smyrna, and on the backs of
camels going from Beirut to Damascus, far
into the interior of Asia, and the sight has
given me both pleasure and pride. The tariff
is now very high, but on some of the finer
articles the cotton manufacturers, it seems,
not content with the protection they now en-
joy, seek a large increase through this bill.
Cotton cloth manufactured, unbleached, lias
asked for an increase of II cent per square
yard from the committee and won it; bleached,
for the 11 cent, and 10 per cent, ail valorem
and have won it; cotton shirts, drawers, &e.,
now paying 05 per cent, ad valorem, want 5
cents per pound and 35 per cent, ad valorem, an
addition of 5 cents per pound, and have won
it; lace of every description, composed of
cotton or flax, wants 15 per cent, more; cords,
tassels, tulles, made of wool or worsted, all
want more.
Now, ifthpre was any one article which 1 had
hoped would escape the avarice of the monop-
olistsatthe East it was hair-cloth. I had hoped
that that would be forgotten. There is a little
manufactory in Rhode Island—the Pawtuckei
manufactory. But no, Mr. Chairman, itis not
so very little. It has flourished well, exceed
ingly well, under the existing duties; but it,
wants to ilourish more. There are perhaps
somefew other small manufactories elsewhere,
but Pawtueket is the mover in this bill. Paw-
tucket is on hand; and Pawtueket demands an
enormous increase of duty; and Pawtuckethas
it in the bill under consideration. Pawtueket
has not only an increase of bounty, but P^w"
tucket has a prohibitory duty, too ; and all ot
us who sit on hair chairs or repose on hair
sofas are to buy of Pawtueket, or buy not
at all.
Hair-cloth, you know, sir, is the covering
of sofas and couches and other articles of fur-
niture for the humbler classes of the people,
while the richerclasses repose on reps, or silks,
or satins, which are the coverings of their fur-
niture. This bill proposes to raise the duty
on hair-cloth from 37-} percent, to 05 per cent,
by a specific duty of 45 cents per square yard.
Now, two or three manufacturers iu this coun-
try have obtained almost a prohibitory^luly
upon reps, a woolen coveiing lor our hirm-
ture, and are growing rich upon the enormous
tariff on reps. Pawtueket saw that, and Paw-
tueket' s eyes watered for more and more.
Where there are bounties in the air ot course
nobody is content. What one has another
wants. Ilence the monopoly of reps is to be
added to the monopoly of hair-cloth, if we pass
this bill. r
Before the war we were large exporters ot
furniture, and we are now to some extent,
despite our enormous tariff upon every article
that enters into the composition of furniture,
even upon the screws and the wood, as well
as upon the mirror and the marble thereon,
from the sea-board States, Boston, and INew
York to the western States j not only to the
