1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4013
Mr. THAYER. If they read mine the Sen-
ator from Iowa will have the satisfaction of
knowing that they read his also ; but they do
not depend upon the circulation of the Globe
among them to obtain information. There are
a set of men among them, half-breeds and
others, who can read the papers, and who are
well posted, and who understand just as well
as we do what is said about thein; and they
hear and they learn of the speeches that are
made in the East in religious conventions and
bodies, and presbyteries and synods that meet
occasionally where somebody must offer res-
olutions of condolence with the Indians for the
wrongs they suffer. This kind of intelligence
does get among the Indians; and it has had
the effect within the last two years, in my can-
did judgment, of inciting the Indians to these
wrongs. They are emboldened to commit them
by this kind of talk in the Bast.
I was saying that this amendment proposed
to be inserted as the last section of this bill
will have the effect of a license to the Indians
to commit the very acts we condemn ; it will in
effect say to them, "If you do commit them
your annuities shall not be stopped." Just as
my friend from Minnesota has said, and as I
said before, the withholding of annuities is
more effective than military power in prevent-
ing them from committing these crimes.
Mr.NYE. I do notknow that I fully under-
stand the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
If I do understand it, it provides that none of
the present appropriation shall be applied to
the payment of damages sustained in conse-
quence of Indian depredations. Am I right?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; that is the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me that that is hardly
proper now. I think there should be some law i!
passed of that character which should apply to !
claims hereafter arising under these circum-
stances. There was a law passed, I think, in
1834 which appropriated these funds in this
way, and while there are outstanding claims of
that kind I doubt the justice of making this
provision applicable to them.
But, Mr. President, in the highest sense of
justice I would like to appeal to the honorable
Senator from Nebraska to explain, it he can,
how he squares with justice the rule that he
applies. There arc bad white men; there are
men who go out in marauding parties, who
commit depredations and destroy their neigh-
bors' property and burn their houses ; but who
expects to hold the neighborhood responsible
for the damages that these marauders commit?
So with thes« Indian tribes. Take, for in-
stance, the Comanchcs, a tribe numbered by
thousands; one hundred of them, unbeknown
to the rest, without their sanction or consent,
go out upon a marauding party and destroy
the property of border settlers ; the ninety-
nine hundred at home, ignorant of the fact that
these few have gone, are to be the sufferers, by
that kind of logic.
Sir, I do not see the justice of it. The rule
in civilized life—and we seek to apply the same
rule to the uncivilized—is to hold the perpe-
trator responsible for his wrong, i deny the
justice or the right of holding an entire tribe
responsible for the acts of a few, and having
hungry women and hungry children go unfed
from the fact that their annuities are applied
to the purpose of satisfying claims of this kind.
Mr. THAYER. I want to answer the ques-
tion of the Senator, because he made an appeal
to me.
Mr. NYE. Certainly ; I will give way.
Mr. THAYER. In the first case, where a
white man commits depredations in a civilized
community, the law reaches him and punishes
him ; but by what law can we reach these In-
dians? Is it a parallel case, I ask my friend
from Nevada?
Mr. NYE. I will answer that by and by ;
but now 1 will yield to my friend from Cali-
fornia who desires to put a question to me.
Mr. COLE. This rule of individual respons-
ibility, I submit to the Senator, does not apply
between peoples that make treaties with each
other. Where treaty stipulations exist between
different nations this rule of individual respons-
ibility does not apply, and I believe this case
has reference to liabilities that are provided for
in treaties.
Mr. NYE. I will first reply to the suggestion
made by the Senator from Nebraska. 1 admit
that it is difficult to apply the rules of law to
savages; but in all of our dealings with those
people we hold them strictly to the law, and I
think, if I may be allowed to suggest it, that
there lies one of the great, evils in dealing with
the Indians. We hold them to responsibility,
not only as civilized, but as enlightened people;
in a word, we ask more of them than we have
a right to expect, considering their condition.
Mr. FOVVLEli. T would like to ask the
Senator from Nevada a question. I under-
stand the point to be about holding Indians
responsible for the depredations they commit.
What opportunities do they have on the other
side of holding our people responsible ?
Mr. NYE. I was going to say that they had
very few.
Mr. FOWLER. Who is to make them
whole ?
Mr. NYE. I have no objection to this
amendment if it be applied to future appropri-
ations; and I think it ought to apply in the
future. I disagree entirely with the Senator
from Nebraska and the Senator from Minne-
sota. I think there ought to be a higher tribu-
nal somewhere than the Indian agent to sit in
judgment on these eases.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior settles it.
Mr. NYE. I understand that.
Mr. RAMSEY. You cannot touch the an-
nuity funds unless by his sanction.
Mr. NYE. One of the great evils grows out
of the intimacy between the Indian agents
and the persons who have depredations com-
mitted upon them. If you will take away
your local agents and stop trading with the
Indians, except through legitimate sources, by
authorized traders whoarc held responsible for
their conduct, you will have much better rela-
tions with the Indians. I have seen with my
own eyes appropriations figured down to a far-
thing by traders, and the credits they had given
to the Indians would swallow up the appro-
piiatiou to a cent, and that was ad judicated by
the agent. There is the great source of evil
and the great source of annoyance and trouble
that makes these people rise in arms to redress
themselves.
These annuities are paid with a view of
making the Indians comfortable. They :\yc
exhausted for trinkets and trash worthless to
them and worse than nothing to them; but
the agent declares that the accounts are bal-
anced ; that the traders have given credits to
the Indians to the, amount of the appropriation
and the Indians do not get money enough on
the day of their settlement to jingle on a stone.
There lies the trouble; that is the thing I
should like to avoid, and 1 want some appel-
late power from the Indian agent who assesses
these damages. I want some other guardian
over this fund than the simple agent whoadju-
dicates.
I am fold by the honorable Senator from
Minnesota that we have the supervision of the
Secretary of the Interior. So we have, but
he gets the case from the report, of the agent.
There is where he looks for his information.
I would call witnesses if necessary 
Mr. HOWARD. And pay the expenses out
of the fund !
Mr. NYE. Certainly, if it is to be paid out
of the fund. At any rate, this process amounts
to an absorption of these funds ; and the win-
ter comes on upon the plains or in the north-
ern part of our possessions where the honor-
able Senator from Minnesota resides, and they
are without blankets, without food, without a
comfort of life. The Indians enter upon this
to them most foreboding winter. The agents
and traders have got the money; the Indians
have none. By these claims for damages and
by goods that they have got through the sum-
mer, trinkets valueless in themselves, their
annuities are absorbed. I should like some
measure to guard those funds. I would stop
this trading, if I was at the head of Indian
affairs and understood them as well as the
honorable Senator from Iowa does; I would
exert myself to the utmost to stop it, and it;
will be found beneficial both to the traders and
to the Indians, and to the peace of this country.
But I see an objection to this application
now because there are large claims outstand-
ing against these annuities that are undoubt-
edly well founded under the law. 1 think they
should bo paid ; but I would guard these funds
hereafter, and I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa to so frame the amendment as
to apply it to future appropriations.
Mr. HOWARD, i hope, sir, that the old
law will be permitted to remain, for I think it
is one of the most substantial securities that
the settler on I he frontier has against the dep-
redations of the Indians. The Indian tribes
are regarded by us in our legislation arid in
the Constitution as quasi independent, nations.
We treat with them as such. The Constitu-
tion itself gives to the Government of the Uni-
ted Slates authority to enter into treaties with
the Indian tribes as independent nations.
Well, now, sir, look at it; here are numerous
Indian tribes, each tribe having a sort of gov-
ernment, of its own, and each tribe being inde-
pendent of all other tribes, and having full
authority to enter into treaties with the United
States. Subjects of the tribe commit thefts,
robberies, and other outrages upon white set-
tlers in their vicinity. In what way are the
injured parties to obtain redress for these in-
juries? The honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] says, "Enforce the law." What
law? Can the settler whose cow or horse or
other property has been stolen, bring a suit
against the thief or the robber, the individual
Indian ? No, sir.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from .Michigan a question, with his per-
mission.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. NYK. Suppo.^c a white man gets an
Indian's cow, which is quite often the case,
how does he enforce the law?
Mr. HOWARD. The Indian probably has
a right to come into a civilized couit and sue
the white man for the cow.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. He is prohibited
from doing it; bo cannot sue.
Mr. HOWARD. Where is the Indian court
into which the white man who lias been robbed
can go as a party and recover an Indian judg-
ment, against an offending Indian? Sir, this is
all pure moonshine. There is no remedy what-
ever, in law or otherwise—that is, in civil law—
by which the injured party can obtain redress
for the wrong which has been done, him by the
subjects of the Indian tribe; and the only way
that redress can be obtained is to hold the
tribe responsible for the wrong committed by
its individual members.
This is no new principle. It is one of the
original principles of the laws of war between
independent nations. Suppose depredations
are committed upon the people of the United
Siates by the subjects of a foreign Power with
the knowledge of that Power ; suppose prop-
erty is thus stolen or life taken, does not the
offended Government, under the laws of nations,
have the right to hold the Government of the
offending parties responsible for these wrongs ?
It is one of the fundamental elements in
laws of nations and in the law of war. W hat
other mode, then, is more reasonable, usual, or
proper than the one which is pointed out in the
ancient statute, I think of 1831, holding the
tribe responsible for damages committed by
its individual members?
