2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
presence, and such his relations, lie was chosen
a Senator in Congress, and the committee was
required, the Senate is required, to answer tliis
question: was General Ames, when elected, an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi?
The committee felt bound to treat the ques-
tion as impersonal, and to decide it judicially,
as judges or jurors woukl be bound to decide.
The personality of the claimant and his polit-
ical creed are not elements in the case; he
should be held in all other respects qualified,
and the law and the facts should be tried as
they would be in the case of another, however
he might spell his name, and without regard
to his individuality or identity. How good
it would be to try all questions so! Thegreat
end of discussion and controversy is to settle
principles and establish truth. This is true of
politics in every exalted sense; their aim should
be the welfare of mankind, and it is only one
of the paltry incidents of politics that they de-
cide the wishes and the interests of individual
men. Animated by such views of duty, the
committee sought the truth, believing the ques-
tion to be one almost wholly of law. In this
light I trust every Democratic Senator will
regard it, when he shall pronounce his judg-
ment; and may every Republican Senator so
v,ote that afterward he shall find no reason to
fear that his vote was influenced by the knowl-
edge that General Ames is of the same house-
hold of political faith.
In popular estimation the issue takes char-
acter and consequence from the fact, that beside
his position as a military officpr and beside tiie
duty wherewith he was charged in that regard,
General Ames held relationships and wielded
powers among the people and the representa-
tives by whom his election was conferred, great
and peculiar, as the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] said the other day in
another instance, unique in their character. I
say that in popular estimation this circumstance
gives hue to the question. I omit this consid-
eration from the case as I shall state it.
The provision of the Constitution under which
the question arises is embodied in the report.
Its exactions are twofold. It requires, first,
that a person to be a Senator in Congress shall
be an inhabitant of the Stale for which he is
chosen; and, second, that he shall be such in-
habitant when elected. Had the last of these
requirements been omitted, the task of the
committee would have been not only easy but
agreeable; because since his election, General
Ames having resigned his commission and pro-
cured the acceptance of his resignation, and
having determined now absolutely, as ho had
not before determined, to become ail inhabit-
ant of Mississippi, the ease would be relieved
of embarrassment if the Constitution only re-
quired that he should be an inhabitant when
admitted to his seat, in lieu of requiring, as it
docs, that he must have been such inhabitant
when in fact elected.
The question then is, was General Ames,
on thatdayin January named in the certificate,
an inhabitant of the State of Mississippi ? To
determine this question we must first know
what constitutes an "inhabitant," because it
is only then that we can see whether General
Ames had done that which satisfied therequire-
ment. What is the meaning of the word " in-
habitant?" What does it mean at large, more
especially what does it mean in its place in the
Constitution, if its meaning there has been or
can be specially interpreted?
First, what does inhabitant mean generally?
Webster thus defines it:
"(1.) One who dwells or resides permanently in a
place, or who has a fixed residence, as distinguished
from an occasional lodger or visitor.
"(2.) (Law.) One who has a legal settlement in a
town, city, or parish ; a resident."
Worcester thus defines it:
"One who inhabit0, or has an actual fixed resi-
dence in a place; one who has his domicile in a
place; dweller; resident."
And Doctor Johnson defines "dweller,"
11 one who lives or resides in a place,"
Bouvier thus defines " inhabitant:"
" One who has his domicile in a placo is an inhab-
itant of that place; one who has an actual fixed resi-
dence in a place.
"2. A mere intention to remove to aplaeewillnot
make a man an inhabitant of such place, although
as a sign of such intention he may have sent his wife
and children to reside there. (1 Ashmead Rep.,
126.)" " Nor will his intention to quit hisresidence,
unless consummated, deprive him of his right as an
inhabitant. (1 Dallas, 480.)"
The highest court in the State of New York
gives this definition:
"A fixed and permanent abode, or dwelling placo
for the time being, as contradistinguished from a
temporary locality of existence." (8 Wendell, 131,
140; 2 Abbott's New York Digest, p. 417.)
A fuller definition still will be found in 2
Peters's Admiralty Reports, 438-450, in the
case of The United States vs. The Antelope.
I ask the'attention of the Senate to it:
"An inhabitant or resident is a person coining into
a place with an intention to establish hisdomicilc or
permanent residence, and who in consequence act-
ually resides there; engages a house orlodgings and
takes any stops preparatory to business or in execu-
tion of this settled intention. Length of time is not
so essential as the intent executed, by making or
beginning the actual establishment, even though it
is abandoned in a short or longer period."
Judge Story says in his Conflict of Laws—
I refer to it because I have it in hand, though
it applies to a later stage of the argument—
" Residence in a place, to produce a change of
domicilo, must bo voluntary. If therefore it be by
constraint or involuntary, as by banishment, "arrest,
or impiisonment, tho antecedent domicile of tho
parly remains."
These, Mr. President, are some of the defi-
nitions in general of the word 11 inhabitant."
What does it mean as applied to the case be-
fore us ? What docs it mean as it stands here
in the Constitution ? I ask the attention of the
Senate to the case of John Bailey, decided in
the House of Representatives in 1824; a case
in which a well-weighed report was made,which
report was sustained by the House of Repre-
sentatives by a vote of 125 to 55 ; a ease which
was debated by some of the best minds the
House of Representatives in its history can
boast; a case which was elaborately discussed
by that golden-mouthed debater, of whom Mr.
Clay said he was the most eloquent man he ever
heard in Congress; I mean Henry R. Storrs,
of New York. Let me read to the Senate a
part only of that I would gladly read ; I omit
the reasons stated by the committee as those
which influenced the framers of the Constitu-
tion to institute this requirement.
Mr. HOWARD. I think there was no dis-
cussion at all in the Convention.
Mr. CONKLING. I will venture to correct
my honorable friend in that regard, having
looked to sec.
Mr. HOWARD. I rely upon what Story
says.
Mr. CONKLING. I will show the honora-
ble Senator not only that there was discussion
and consideration, but that the word "resi-
dent," which stood in the original draft, was
stricken out and the word "inhabitant" was
employed as a stronger word, which drew to
it the nourishment of locality, which meant
that a man should be clothed and wrapped in
the local interests and feelings of his State.
But I anticipate now, in consequence of tho
interruption of the honorable Senator, which
I am very glad to have.
Mr. President, I pass over much that I would
read, fearing to occupy too much of the time
of the Senate; I pass over that part of the
argument which discloses in cogent language
the reason, the philosophy, the providence,
the foresight which imbedded in the Constitu-
tion the requirement which we are now con-
sidering. Some of the reasons assigned are
singularly apt m this inquiry, but for the sake
of brevity I pass them by. The committee say:
" Allthsso reasons conspire to render it absolutely
necessary that every well-regulated Government
should have, in its constitution, a provision which
should embrace those advantages ; and there can be
no doubt it was from considerations of this kind that
the Convention wisely determined to insert in the
Constitution that provision which declares no per-
son shall bo a member of either House of Congress,
'who shall not, at the lime of the election, be a,>
inhabitantof that State in whiohhe shall be chosen,'
meaning thereby"—
I crave the attention of Senators to this—
"that they should be bona fide membersof the State,
subject to all the requisitions of its laws, and enti-
tled to all the privileges and advantages which they
confer."
I ask the honorable Senator from Michigan
to give me his attention now :
"That this subject occupied the particular atten-
tion of the Convention, and that the word inhabit-
ant was not introduced without due consideration
and discussion, is evident from the Journals, by
which it appears that, in tho draft of a Constitu-
tion reported by tho committee of five, on tho 6th
of August, tho word resident was contained, and
that on the 8th of the same month the Conven-
tion amended that report, by striking out 'resident'
and inserting 1 inhabitant,' as a stronger term, in-
tended more eleariy to express their intention that
the persons to be elected should be completely iden-
tified with the State in which they were chosen."
Recurring to the case as I may for another
purpose, let me ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to perhaps the most recent reaffirmation
of its doctrine, in the House of Represent-
atives in 1863, in the case of Jennings Pigott,
of North Carolina. Senators will remem-
ber the claimant as one who, leaving a resi-
dence here, having come from North Carolina,
of which State he was a native, removed to
North Carolina and became the private secre-
tary of Mr. Stanly, then provisional Governor
of that State. One of the queries in regard to
him was whether, in truth, when elected, he was
an inhabitant of the State of North Carolina ;
and I may say that the report was agreed to by
the House without a division, there being no
express dissent. The committee review the
facts, and then say approvingly :
" In the ease of John Bailey (Contested-Election
Cases, 411) who waselected aKepresentative," x *
* '' " the able report of the committee in thatease,
adopted by the House, defines the word inhabitant,
in this connection, to be ' a bonajule member of the
State, subject to all the requisitions of its laws, and
entitled to all the privileges and advantages which
they confer.'"
This, then, is the meaning of the word "in-
habitant."
No man can become an inhabitant of a State
by mere locality of existence. Two tilings
must be true: first, voluntary domicile—1 em-
phasize "voluntary," because it is there I
conceive that the first distinction arises in this
case : second, an intention, not contingent,
not uncertain, but fixed and absolute, to con-
tinue and reside there permanently. The fact
and the mind, say all the authorities and writers,
must both be present. If both are present in
this case the committee is in error; if either is
absent the committee is right. So the Consti-
tution ordains.
Let us see. Did General Ames go volun-
tarily to Mississippi to take up his residence ?
What is a voluntary going ? Many cases tell
us in England and in this country. Does any
case tell us that a soldier or an officer going in
obedience to orders goe3 voluntarily ? Cer-
tainly not, because to go voluntarily he must
go in his own right. I speak of a soldier be-
cause General Ames, for the present purpose,
occupies the same position, and none other,
as a private soldier. He was in his own right
neither more nor less than if he had been a
private soldier. General Ames, in the lan-
guage of the law, was no more sui juris than
had he been a private Soldier. Why ? A pri-
vate soldier cannot be discharged except by
the consent of his superior. Can an officer
resign or be discharged without the same con-
sent? No, sir. The adequate authority may
discharge officer and soldier alike. The forms
differ. In the case of the soldier it is termed
a discharge ; in the case of the officer it is
termed the acceptance of a resignation, or per-
mission to resign ; but both alike are equally
subject to the jus disponendi of a superior.
Neither can refuse an order; neither can with
impunity disobey art order ; neither can go or
remain except by the permission of superior
authority. 1 will come to this onip, and will
