SOTO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
fill election. Your committee find from the
evidence that this charge is true. They find
that in *ix of those parishes Mr. Morey ond
Mr. Kennedy, the Republican candidates con-
testing this seat, received only 5 votes; 5
votes in six parishes; and that the Repub-
licans were prevented by violence and intimida-
tion from voting their sentiments. It is clear,
therefore, that the returns from those six
parishes cannot be counted. Two other par-
ishes are disputed, and we find that the elec-
tions there were not peaceable. In one of
them the testimony snows clearly that the
election was controlled by violence and blood-
shed. In the other, though there was less vio-
lence, there was no free election. That makes
eight parishes out of the thirteen in the dis-
trict, containing about two thirds of the ter-
ritory, a large majority of the population of
the district, and casting a large majority of
the votes cast at that election.
There were three candidates running in this
district for Congress, two Republicans and one
Democrat. The two Republicans divided the
Republican vote about equally. The total vote
cast in the five peaceable parishes was 0,057,
of which Mr. McCranie received 2,571, Mr.
Morey 3,436, and Mr. Kennedy 3,050. Mr.
Morey had a plurality over each of the two
other candidates, but a minority of over 2,000
of the entire vote cast. The committee can-
not see how the case of Mr. Morey can be sus-
tained by the House consistently with its last,
judgment on these cases.
As to Mr. McCranie's claim, in the firstplace,
he is disqualified, by reason of having served
in the rebel army, and he could not take his
seat here, even if he had been elected, without
further action by Congress. But if he were
qualified, he has in this peaceable part of the
district only a minority of votes. If you con-
cede him two more parishes—the only parishes
mboat which there can possibly be any doubt—
then he receives in the peaceable part of the
district only 4,009 votes, which is a minority of
the votes cast in the peaceable part of the dis-
trict, and a vast minority of the votes in the
whole district. Mr. Kennedy, the other Re-
publican candidate, appeared before the com-
mittee and claimed the seat; but his vote falls
below that of either of the other candidates.
Therefore the committee have reported the
resolution declaring that there has been no
valid election in this district.
I now propose to yield for ten minutes to
Mr. Morey, one of the contestants. I may
here remark that he differs with both sides of
the committee.
Mr. MOREY. If the House intends, as I
presume it does, to give me the privilege of
speaking, I would prefer that I should have
that privilege after the other side of the case
has been presented.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman pre-
fers that, I will yield to him at a later stage in
the debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question now whether there is any objection
to allowing Mr. Morey to speak in this case.
Unanimous consent is necessary.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now yield thirty
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I may not occupy
all the time the gentleman has granted me; I
intend to present, as briefly as possible, the facts
and principles necessary in my view for the just
determination of this case. I believe, Mr.
Speaker, that the committee is a unit in its
opinion on several of the material points in
this case. In the first place ail agree that Mr.
McCranie is not now qualified to take the oath
prescribed by law and to be admitted toaseat,
supposing him to have been elected. We all
agree that Mr. Morey is not elected, and could
not by possibility have been elected in that
district. We all agree that Mr. Kennedy wag
not elected, and conld not have been elected
under any state of circumstances that can be
supposed to have prevailed. And now I come
to another point on which possibly wo do not
agree. I ask for a moment the attention of ray
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Stevenson.]
I believe we do agree that Mr. McCranie is not
disqualified by the fourteenth amendment, but
is only disqualified by reason of service rendered
in the confederate army as a captain.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is no evidence
before the committee that Mr. McCranie is
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment.
He was only twenty-two years of age when
the war began, and had never held any office
requiring him to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. KERR. On those points, then, we agree.
Now, do we not agree that Mr. McCranie is
elected? And it is to this point that I desire
mainly to address myself for a short time. I
hope thatgentlemeu on both sides of the House
will favor me with their attention while I pre-
sent briefly the facts which are material to the
determination of this part of the case.
First, then, I state—and in this I agree with
my colleague on the committee—that the entire
registered vote of the district prior to that elec-
tion, according to the registration made in
pursuance of law by Republican officials, con-
trolled by Republican superior officers of the
State, was 23,113. We also agree that there
were cast at that election 20,216 votes, leaving
only 2,160 votes out of the entire registration
that were not cast. I beg leave to say at this
point that 2,160 votes not cast out of 23,113
registered voters do not afford auy evidence of
the alleged intimidation, force, or violence.
So full a vote surely could not have been cast
in the midst of so much turmoil, disorder, and
bloodshed as is alleged to have existed or oc-
curred. I believe we do not disagree as to the
further fact that of the 20,216 votes that were
cast Mr. McCranie received 13,716, being a
clear majority over both his competitors of
7,216 votes; and, as I have stated, a clear
majority upon the entire registration of 2,160.
Out of thirteen parishes Mr. McCranie carried
nine, Mr. Morey and Mr. Kennedy each two
only. Mr. McCranie carried fully three fourths
of the district, measured by territory, and was
supported by nearly all the tax-payers of the
entire district.
I desire now to remark that this district, as
has been stated by my colleague, is a country
district, composed of agricultural, planting
parishes. In most of the parishes the white
population exceeds the colored; but in a few
the colored popqlation exceeds the white. I
say with emphasis, and I desire to challenge
the attention of members to the statement,
that this was the most peaceable, orderly, law-
abiding district, taken altogether, in the whole
State of Louisiana. It would compare very
creditably with ordinary districts in northern
or western States. It has no large, idle, or
disorderly population, such as may be found
in some large cities. Its white population are
nearly all farmers, planters, or business men,
accustomed to and engaged in actual, personal
labor. There was no riot in that district. There
was no public and general disturbance, no
interruption in the course of justice and in the
administration of the law, or in the common
civil affairs of the community. All the dis-
turbance which transpired during the canvass,
or for three or four months before the election,
or at the polls, was distinctly and always per-
sonal in its character, and not political. It
had no connection with the politics of the
hour. It had but little to do with the conduct
of that canvass. This, I believe, is true of
every trouble which took place in that parish,
except possibly in a half dozen iustances, and
they were by persons not at all connected with
the management of local politics. There were
a few murders in this parish, almost all of
which were for causes arising out of personal
and not political relations, having their roots
in personal difficulties dating back in many
instances years before the election, and having
no material connection with any event which had
immediately preceded it, and were not con-
nected with this question or the conduct of this
campaign. Yet, notwithstanding this, it is
proposed by the majority of the committee, as I
believe with the most manifest and impressive
disregard of the law of this case and of the rights
of Mr. McCranieand this constituency, that tull
three fourths of this district shall be rejected.
Rejected for what? Rejected for alleged intimi-
dation, for alleged violence. No allegation is
made hero that there was fraud at any of the
polls. There is no allegation that by the direct
interposition of any unlawful power or influ-
ence any voter was prevented from voting as
he pleased and precisely according to the dic-
tates of his judgment, his conscience, or his
feelings. There is no allegation that any of
these returns except from one single precinct
in the parish of Washita were tampered with,
corrupted in any way, or that we have not
to-day before this House the precise condition
of the polls at the close of the election in the
fifth congressional district of Louisiana on No-
vember 3, 1868. These general charges are
loose, vague, and reckless ; unsustained by aii v
specific and legal evidence that should control
the House. In truth the House owes it to its
own character and honor to rebuke the grow-
ing and most dangerous habit of political
adventurers to bring such stuff here to impose
upon the judgment or partisan feelings of the
House.
As to the one precinctof that parish in which
there was some bad conduct, 1 will not waste
time to talk about it. It cannot affect the re-
sult in the interest of the gentleman who seeks
this seat, or in the estimation of the gentlemen
who declare this seat shall be vacant and that
no one was elected.
I also beg gentlemen to remember, and I
state now what I believe my colleague on the
committee will not contradict, that of these
thirteen parishes which constitute the fifth
congressional district of Louisana eight were
always Democratic parishes, Democratic in the
spring at the April election, when the present
State government of Louisiana was elected,
and when the present constitution of the State
was ratified. They elected then, with few ex-
ceptions, a full corps of civil officers who were
in full harmony with the Democratic party.
They were elected as Conservatives,as the party
organization was then styled. I want here also
to call attention to the fact that my colleague,
the chairman of the sub-committee, in a spirit
of candor and frankness I much admire, uses
this language in his report:
"Another objection to the claim of the contestant
is that if there bad been a peaceable election in every
parish and precinct of the district the contestant
could not have received a majority or even a plural-
ity of the votes oast, because the rejected parishes
were Democratic at best."
Yet it is proposed to reject these parishes,
Democratic by right, Democratic in their organ-
ization before the election, at the election,
and all the time. It is seriously proposed to
reject those parishes and declare that in them
there was no election, because otherwise this
House must hold that McCranie, the Demo-
cratic candidate, was duly and legally elected.
My colleague further states that these parishes
gave a small Democratic majority at the spring
election in 1868, and would have increased it
considerably at a peaceful election in the fall.
Those statements are eminently justified by the
evidence, by the condition of things which pre-
vailed in all of these parishes, and by the ordi-
nary relations which previous sympathies and
political associations would have brought about.
Besides,the old relationsofkindnessandfriend-
ship between the races would naturally attract
to the Democratic party many colored voters,
whose suffrages were cultivated in-all honor-
able ways.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question. Would not that argue in favor of
the claim of the contestant?
