1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator again does not
read the whole sentence.
Mr. STEWART. I have not read the whole
speech.
Mr. SUMNER. No: the whole sentence.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator has read it.
It has been read here repeatedly. What i"s there
in it ? He did vote for this particular provision,
but he did not vote for the bill when it was in ;
but to-day he says "unhappily" the Senate
would not agree to the Blaine amendment,
which the majority of the Republicans of the
House had voted in. "Unhappily!"' What
did the Senator from Massachusetts do to help
to put it in? When that was under discus-
sion I was advocating it; he was opposing
it. Speaking of the Blaiue amendment before
the caucus was held, the Senator said in the
Senate:
"There is another amendment that ought to come
in in that same connection, though I feel that this
wholo proposition is so thoroughly vicious in every
line and in every word from the first to the last that
in order to make it at all so as to receive, it seems to
me, a single vote it ought to be amended from the
first word to the last."—Congressional Globe, second
session Thirty-Ninth Congress, page 1392.
Then Mr. Hendricks, as he had an artful
way of doing, interposed and complimented the
Senator from Massachusetts for the advanced
position he occupied. These advanced posi-
tions have always annoyed us in legislation.
Discovering the embarrassment of our party
that we were struggling to get out of, Mr. Hend-
ricks gave the Senator a compliment about
wanting something else, knowing his weakness
to be for "the other bill," and that it would
always be for "the other bill,'' and Mr. Hend-
ricks said:
"If the Senator will give way I will make a motion
that the Senate adjourn ; but before I make the mo-
tion I wish to suggest that this i3 no ordinary legisla-
tion in which we are concerned. It is, in my judg-
ment, the gravest legislation that has ever occupied
Congress. It is claimed by its friends to be the work
of reconstruction of our Government; it is believed
by its enemies to be the work of destruction. Now,
whether the friends of the measure be right in this
opinion, or the enemies be right in their very oppo-
site opinion, this is true, that the subject is worthy
of consideration. It is now nearly two o'clock at
night. The majority have occupied almost as much
time as they say they desire, with the exception of the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, as.he in-
tends to tear this amendment shred from shred and
make it a logical absurdity.
"Mr. Scmxer. That it is, right on its face."—Ibid.,
p. 1394.
This was the Blaine amendment, " a logical
absurdity on its face," and he was going to
tear it shred from shred; there was nothing
good in it! I recollect the time that was occu-
pied in getting this into practical shape. Now,
1 never have questioned that the Senator from
Massachusetts has been for long years the
strenuous advocate of the abstract principle
of equal rights; but I never knew him to be
for it when there was any chance to make it a
law, and that is the point at issue. The point
at issue is whether he is the author of this par-
ticular provision, whether he helped to make ,
it the law. The point at issue is whether he
voted for the fifteenth amendment and helped
us to put that in the Constitution. These are
the practical points now under consideration.
Everybody admits, the world knows, that he
has made more speeches advocating the gen-
eral principle than anybody else; but what
good are those speeches, of what practical use
are the pamphlets containing them? They are
not statutes. I reckon if there had not been
raore practical brains than he has, to put them
m shape and get them adopted, the poor black
man would still be without the ballot, and 1
pt-rhaps would be forever.
It is easy to make speeches in and out of
Congress. I never attacked the Senator's pile
pamphlets, and I hope I never shall. No
of ord inary courage would attack such a
pile anyhow. But where is the statute that the
Senator lias incorporated this principle in?
  hero is his authority to say that he has all
the judgment there is in the Senate, or all the
judgment there is in the country upon the
points at issue? I deny such judgment to the
Senator. He is a theorist, a grand, georgeous,
extensive theorist, but he is not a practical
man, and my experience is that he has failed
utterly to help us to get practical measures.
There is hardly any Senator who has been here
for the last five years that has not got more of
his work in the statute-book than the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Sir, I never should have said a word about
this if it was not important to me to show that
the man who read me out of the party is not
, recorded to any considerable extent on the
i measures which have inserted these principles
in the statute-book. He is impracticable. I
' want it known, also, thaton this occasion he has
not the frankness to state on this floor whether
or not he voted for the fifteenth amendment, so
that his statement may go in comparison with
mine for what it is worth. I want the country
to know how much his statement is worth, how
good his recollection is when he says he attacks
nobody. I want them to understand it. They
shall understand it. I shall give them occasion
to understand it every time he attacks me in the
Senate. Gentlemen may complain of the time
occupied, but I will never be the aggressor
upon any Senator here. I struggled against
I him on the reconstruction measures, and the
! debates show the controversy between him
and me on the Blaine amendment from begin-
ning to end, and on the fifteenth constitutional
amendment. Those are the two great provis-
ions by which suffrage has been secured to the
black man. I say I have a right to be heard,
and he has no right to read me out of the
party.
Mr. "DRAKE. Mr. President, I have but
one single remark to make in connection with
this debate which has been going on here to-
day, and that is that there can hardly be a Sen-
ator upon the floor of this Senate to-day who
does not feel that this is one of the days of the
Senate's degradation before the country.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the dis-
cussion this evening has shed such a flood of
light upon the question whether Mississippi
should be restored to her rights in the Union
that I have no doubt every Senator is prepared
, to vote. I, for one, would regret to add any-
thing to the elucidation of that subject. But
, as I have a friend before me on the right who
i wishes to express some views upon it, and can-
1 not do so in the limited time we have to-day, I
shall, before I sit down, move to adjourn. I
only wish to say this: Senators seem not to be
willing or not to be content with making his-
tory, but feel it necessary to write, or at least
to speak history, and some of the revelations
of this history have struck me as somewhat
I singular.
I The reconstruction acts in their scope, con-
sidered with reference to the frame, form, and i
constitution of our Government, are the most
important that ever were passed by an Ameri-
i can Congress, raising the most profound ques-
j tions about our Government and the constitu-
i tional rights of the States and the people; and
this history that has been spoken here to-day
shows that they were resolved upon, that shape,
and form, and purpose was given to them not
in the open Senate of the United States, not
by that constitutional body that ought to de-
cide such questions, but in the secret recesses
of a party caucus—a strange revelation, Sen-
ators, in the history of your country!
Another strange revelation is that that cau-
cus determined, as my colleague says, upon
universal suffrage. Is the fifteenth amend-
ment a part of that policy? The fifteenth
amendment, when adopted, will not restore
one single man of the tens of thousands iu the
State of Missouri, of the thousands in the
State of West Virginia, who are disfranchised.
Is that a part of the doctrine of "universal
suffrage;" or does "universal suffrage"
simply mean that a man with a black skin can
vote, but a man with a white skin cannot?
But, sir, I did not rise to speak on this bill.
I do not propose to speak upon it. I rose
simply to say that a friend of mine, a Senator,
wishes to express his views upon it at more
length than he could conveniently be heard to-
night ; and I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Senator
from Ohio to withdraw that motion for five
minutes. I desire to say a few words, and
would prefer to say them now.
Mr. THURMAN. I yield the floor to the
chairman of the committee with the under-
standing that he will renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield the floor to
the Senator to make the motion if he desires
after I conclude.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that the Sen-
ate is very impatient. The Senator from Mis-
souri has admonished us of the waste of the
day, and I believe he used a stronger term
than that; but I will ask of that Senator and
, of any Senator if he would be willing, after he
had by the record placed his own position
properly before the Senate, to have it once,
twice, thrice misstated, and suffer it so to re-
main ? Would not the country begin to believe
; that the misstatements were true if the Senator
j sat silent, and once, twice, thrice allowed mis-
1 statements to be made? I am in that position
this evening.
I desire not, Mr. President, to enter into
; personal controversies, to bandy words like a
: fish-woman, to insist upon having the last
word; but I desire that I may not be misrep-
resented, and I do desire that my position
1 should be truthfully stated, if any one takes
: interest enough in it to state it at all. I believed
I it my duty some days ago to reply to remarks
j made in this body which were of a personal
character. In that reply I took occasion to
make a correction of some statements that
had been made. Notwithstanding I corrected
1 them, I was followed by the Senator to whom
I replied, and they were repeated. Sir, I did
not at that time rise to show again that they
were incorrect; but to-day, in a controversy that
has arisen between the Senator from Nevada
and the Senator from Massachusetts as to who
was the author of a certain provision in a bill,
which the Senator from Nevada proved by the
record was not the Senator from Massachusetts,
the Senator from Massachusetts has insisted
upon having read three times over—or rather
twice read and once stated—that I was the
opponent of the original reconstruction bill of
1867. I read from the report of his speech as
I find it, and I believe a portion of which or
all of which was read by him :
"Do you not know that from beginning to end,
from tho first day that the proposition to confer suf-
frage on the colored race was introduced into this
Chamber down to its acceptance by the people, he has
been its persistent enemy ?"—
Alluding to myself.
"On that very reconstruction act"—
The one to which the Senator from Nevada
was referring—
"Oh, sir, how did Ifeel pained by that opposition."
I had shown just before that, that I voted
for that reconstruction act conferring suffrage
upon the colored man; I voted for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio ; and
here is my name among the yeas in the list
of yeas and nays on that occasion. Whether
entitled to any credit in so voting or not, the
truth of history is that I did so vote. And, Mr.
President, I have before me the Glol e, show-
ing that in all its stages I voted for that bill,
and I have the record, which is accessible to
everybody, and first to last there is not on your
statute-book one act on the subject of recon-
struction that I have not voted for, and gener-
ally I have had chargc of the hills, all of them,
until the States were finally declared to be
entitled to representation.
Now, sir, how can it be said that I have been
the "persistent enemy " of these measures?
I showed on that occasion that the Senator
