1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4959
RAILROAD IN DAKOTA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 566) making a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad in the
Territory of Dakota.
Mr. ARNELL objected ; and the bill was
accordingly returned to the Speaker's table.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 168) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Lincoln,
in the State of Nebraska, and Brownville, in
the State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado
Territory.
Several members objected.
WATER-GAUGES OS THE MISSISSIPPI.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
ilip, joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) authorizing
water gauges to be established and observa-
tions to be made upon the Mississippi river
and its principal tributaries, with a view to
obtaiuing information required for the protec-
tion of the alluvial lands against overflow, and
for the improvement of navigation.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of War to have water-gauges estab-
lished, and daily observations taade of the rise
and fall of the lower Mississippi river and its
chief tributaries, at or in the vicinity of St.
Louis, Cairo, Memphis, Helena, Napoleon,
Providence, Vicksburg, Red river landing,
Baton Rouge, and Carrollton, on the Missis-
sippi, between the mouth of the Missouri and
the Gulf of Mexico, and at or in the vicinity
of Fort Leavenworth, on the Missouri; Rock
Island, on the upper Mississippi; Louisville,
on the Ohio; Florence-, on the Tennessee ;
Jacksonport, on the White river; Little Rock,
on the Arkansas, and Alexandria, on the Red
river, and such other places as the Secretary
of War may deem advisable ; the expenditure
for the same to be made from the appropri-
ation for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors ; but the annual cost of the observations
is not to exceed the sum of $5,000 per annum.
.Mr. HOLM AN. I think that ought to go to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FINICELNBUm It has been already
considered by that committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move its reference to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be returned
to the Speaker's table.
CHARLES COOPER AND OTHERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
■Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 1395)
for the relief of Charles Cooper, Goshorn A.
Jones, Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan,
and John Hannegan.
The Senate amendment was to strike out the
second section.
The amendment was concurred in.
BRIDGE ACROSS ARKANSAS RIVER.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the hill (S. No. 949) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Little Rock, Arkansas.
The bill was read. It provides, in the first
section, that it shall be lawful for the Citizens'
Bridge Company, a corporation having author-
ity from the State of Arkansas to build a rail-
road, transit, and wagon-bridge across the
Arkansas river at or near the city of Little
Rock, in Arkansas, and that when constructed
all trains of all roads terminating at the Ark-
ansas river, at or near the location of^ the
bridge, shall be allowed to cross said bridge
„ for a reasonable compensation to be paid to
i the owners thereof, and in case of any litiga-
tion arising from any obstruction or alleged
obstruction to the free navigation of said river,
the cause inaybe tried before the district court
of the United States of any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
The second section provides that any bridge
built under the provisions of this act may, at
the option of the company building the same,
be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other
form of a draw, or with unbroken and contin-
uous spans. But if the bridge shall be made
with unbroken and continuous spans, it shall
not be in any case of less elevation than fifty
feet above extreme high-water mark, as under-
stood at the point of location, to the bottom
chord of the bridge. Nor shall the spans be
of less than two hundred and fifty feet in length
in the clear; and the piers of said bridge shall
be parallel with the current of the river; and
the main span shall be over the main channel
of the river at low water. If any bridge built
under this act shall be constructed as a draw-
bridge, the same shall be constructed as a pivot
draw-bridge, with a draw over the main chan-
nel of the river, at an accessible and navigable
point, and with spans of not less than one hun-
dred and sixty feetin length in the clear, on each
side of the central or pivot pier of the draw.
And the next adjoining spans to the draw shall
not be less than two hundred and fifty feet;
and said spans shall not be less than twenty
feet above high-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge; and the piers of
the bridge shall be parallel with the current of
the river. The draw shall be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal, for the passage of
boats whose construction shall not be such as
to admit of their passage under the permanent
spans of said bridge, except when trains are
passing over the same; but in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in opening the said
draw during or after the passage of trains.
The third section provides that any bridge
constructed under the act and according to its
limitations shall be a lawful structure, and shall
be recognized and known as a post route, upon
which also no higher charge shall be made for
the transmission over the same of the mails,
the troops, and the munitions of war of the
United States than the rate per mile paid for
their transportation over the railroads or the
public highways leading to the bridge. The
corporation may execute a mortgage and issue
bonds payable, principal and interest, in gold
or United States currency.
The fourth section reserves to the United
States the right of way for postal telegraph pur-
poses across the bridge.
The fifth section requires the bridge com-
pany to submit to the Secretary of War, for his
approval, a plan, with the necessary drawings
of their bridge, conformingto the above require-
ments ; and until the Secretary of War approve
the plan and location of said bridge, and notify
the company of the same in writing, the bridge
is not to be built or commenced : and should
any change be made in the plan of the bridge
during the progress of the work thereon, such
change shall be subjectlikewise to the approval
of the Secretary of War.
The sixth section reserves to Congress the
power at any time to alter, amend, or repeal
the act-
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
BERGEN HEIGHTS ARSENAL.
On motion of Mr. CLEVELAND, by unan-
imous consent, a joint resolution (S. R. No.
10) directing the Secretary of War to sell Ber-
gen Heights arsenal was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
UNITED STATES COURTS, MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER. This morning a bill (S.
No. 890) to change the place of holding the
courts of the United States for the northern
district of Mississippi was taken from the Speak-
er's table and passed, in the absence ot the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Morphis,]
who now asks that the action of the House be
reversed by unanimous consent, and the^ bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
CAPTAIN E. II. BUCHANAN.
The next business on the Speaker's.table was
a bill (S. No. 758) for the settlement of the
account of Captain E. M. Buchanan, late com-
missary of subsistence of volunteers.
There was no Objection; and the bill was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the accounting officers
in the Third Auditor's office of the Treasury
Department be, and they are thereby, author-
ized to close the account of Captain 13. M.
Buchanan, late commissary of subsistence of
volunteers, by entering credit for the sum of
$1,436 89, the amount which is shown to have
been upon his body when murdered by guer-
rillas on the 28th day of September, 1864, near
Charlestown, Virginia.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
APPRAISER AT PORT OP MORILE, ALABAMA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 446) to appoint an appraiser of'
merchandise for the port of Mobile.
Mr. CONGER. The Committee on Com-
merce recommend the passage of this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let it be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the Presi-
dent of the United States, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint an appraiser
for the port of Mobile, Alabama, whose duties
shall be the same as those of similar officers in
other ports; and said appraiser shall have power
to appoint a clerk, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall also
act as examiner when called upon so to act by
the appraiser aforesaid. And the appraiser of
said port shall receive the compensation of
$2,500 per annum, and his clerk shall receive
a compensation of $1,200 per annum.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is part of the cus-
tom-house organization, and ought to receive
the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I move its reference to that com-
mittee.
Mr. CONGER. 'I object.
The bill was passed over.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND LAKE MICHIGAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 947) for the improvement of
water communication between the Mississippi
river and Lake Michigan, by the Wisconsin
and Fox rivers.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report the follow-
ing substitute for that Senate bill; which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of Wsir is hereby authorized to
adopt for the improvement of the navigation of the
Wisconsin river such plan as may be recommended
by tho chief of the Bureau of Engineers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary aforesaid is hereby authoiized to ascertain at
any time he shall deem proper, within three years
from the passage of this act, the sum which ought in
justice to be paid to tne Green Bay and Mississippi
Oanal Company, a corporation existing under the
laws of Wisconsin, as an equivalent for the transfer
of all and singular its property and rights of property
in and to the line of water communication between
the Wisconsin river aforesaid and the mouth of Fox
river, including its locks, dams, canals, and fran-
chises, or so much of the same as shall, in the judg-
ment of said Secretary, be needed; and to that end
is authorized to join with said company in appoint-
ing a board of disinterested and impartial arbitra-
tors, one of whom shall be selected by the Secretary
aforesaid, another by said company, and the third
by the two arbitrators so selected. Tho Secretary
aforesaid is authorized to employ acompetent agent
or attorney to represent the interests of the United
States upon the hearing before such board.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That no monoy
shall be expended on the work contemplated herein
until the Green Bay and Mississippi Canal Company
shall make, and file with tho Secretary of War, an
agreement in writing, whereby it sha!! agree to grant
and convey to the United States tho property and
franchises mentioned in tho foregoing section, upon
the terms awarded by the arbitrators. It is hereby
made the duty of the Sccretaiy of War to transmit
to Congress a copy of the report of the arbitrators,
upon which Congress mny, at its then present session,
cleet to take such property upon making an appropri-
ation to pay the a mount awarded: Provided, Tliat if
the Secretary of Warshall not transmit to Congress a
