1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4015
erty. Hence the tribe is held responsible.
Among the wild Indians there is no individual
property at all.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Piesident, this seems to
bea very difficult subject for theSenateto form
a judgment'upon, which somewhat surprises
me. The Indian tribes have been treated with
by the Government of the United States since
its foundation ; and in those treaties the best
faitli is pledged by the Government of the Uni-
ted States to the Indians. Among the objects
of the treaties is that within a designated por-
tion of territory the Government cf the United
States shall keep all intruders off their lands.
The honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] to-day ridiculed and poured scorn
and contempt upon the idea of any treaties be-
ing made with the Indian tribes. He said such
treaties were a mockery ; that they were made
with no ability and 110 purpose on the part of
the Government of the United States to observe
them, and with no purpose on the part of the
frontier settlers to respect them ; but with a
deliberate purpose of violating them. That
unfortunately is a most true picture ; and there
never has been any Indian treaty between the
United States and Indians, so far as I am ac-
quainted with such subjects, where good faith
has been observed, or where there has been any
reasonable attempt to observe good faith on the
partofthe Government; andthcutterdisregard
by the frontier citizens of the United States of
the treaty obligations of their Government and
of that inviolability of Indian territory which
is guarantied by every ireaty, is one of the most
disgraceful features of the history of the fron-
tier population.
The honorable Senator sounded a trumpet
almost to-day to all the frontier people of the
United States to scorn these Indian treaties,
to trample upon their obligations and the most
sacred pledges of faith by the Government of
the United States to the Indians; and why?
Because the interests of the savage and of sav-
age life were utterly incompatible with the
interests of civilization and civilized life of*the
American frontier people. It is for the con-
venience, the comfort, and the interest of the
frontier people that all these treaty obligations
and all the rights of the Indians are to be
wholly disregarded and wantonly trampled
upon ; and therefore, said the honorable Sena-
tor, this thing will be done, and it is a mockery
and a folly to pretend to make anything like
treaties with the Indian tiibes.
The spirit, the animus of that Senator's
speech was that which impelled the Spaniards
and other early settlers of this continent to go
to Africa and to drag the ignorant and pagan
sons of Africa into slavery in the New World.
Mr. President, since I have been upon the
Committee on Indian Affairs I have had some
knowledge of the injustice and outrages of the
frontier people to the Indians. If the chapter
upon such heads that might, be written and that
has been enacted in the State of Kansas be-
tween the frontier settlers there and the Shaw-
nee tribe could in its fullness of truth, of in-
justice and oppression and fraud on the part of
the settlers and the Indian agents, and every
official of the Government of the United States
connected with the administration of Indian
affairs in that State, be laid fully and fairly be-
fore the American people, it would be one of
the most shameless and degraded pictures ever
held up to any people.
Now, Mr. President,, wherever there is an
Indian reservation, hundreds and thousands
of intruders go upon their lands and make
settlements upon them, build houses, clear
fields, have collisions with the Indians, push
them off from their own land, perpetrate every
wrong and outrage upon them that avarice
and aggression and a sense of superior power
and domination will infuse into the wicked
heart of man; and what do the Indians do?
They become exasperated. Here is an utter
disregard of plighted faith and of the treaty
obligations of the Government of the United
States to them. The United States have
said and bound themselves by the most sol-
emn pledges that they will protect them in the
peaceful and honest possession and enjoy-
ment of the lands assigned to them in their
reservations ; and these sacred obligations of
treaty and of pledged national faith are made,
says the honorable Senator from Nevada, in
mockery, with no purpose whatever to observe
them, but with the deliberate and diabolical
purpose of the United States Government to
permit them to be trampled upon with impun-
ity by the lawless settlers on the frontier.
Could anything be more natural than that
the Indian should bo outraged, that his wild
and fierce and savage passions should be exas-
perated to the highest degree, and that he
should seek not only redress but vengeance
upon these intruders for their wrongs to him
and for the want of executed faith by their
Government? When this is the state of things
the exasperated Indian kills the stock, burns
the house, and destroys the property of the
intruder; and the intruder goes before the
agent and summons his interested witnesses,
all whoso feelings are with him, and who have
eases, probably, of the same outrages on their
part first, and then by violence in the way of
retaliation with the Indians, to make the same
claim against them as the party for whom they
are called to give testimony. These frontiers-
men, thus acting, thus interested, thus outraging
the treaties of their own Government, tramp-
ling upon the defenseless Indians, and visiting
them with every wrong and oppression, are the
people who are to decide the amount of dam-
ages that have been sustained by each settler
by the destruction of his property by the In-
dians, and according to their assessment is the
amount of annuities that go to these tribes to
be withheld for every individual attempt at
retaliation, or vengeance, if you please, that
any member of the tribe may have made upon
the aggressor and the oppressor.
I ask the Senate if men who thus act are
the proper judges and are the proper, impar-
tial witnesses to give evidence against the In-
dians, to ascertain the extent ot' their wrongs
or damage which they have done to the frontier
settlers, and for which their annuities shall be
deducted for the benefit of these frontiersmen
who themselves have provoked all the collision-
and all the violence on the part of the Indians
toward them ?
Mr. President, in my little service upon the
Indian Committee I have known of many cases
where intruders upon the Indian country, hav-
ing settlements there, being there in their own
wrong and in wanton and flagrant violation of
the right of the Indians, and in outrage of the
pledged faith of the Government, have had
collisions with the Indians that have resulted
in the destruction of their property, and they
have made appeals to the Government of the
United States to have the amount of damage
which they and their interested and excited
friends proved they had sustained, deducted
from Indian annuities, where the effect of such
a mode of settlement, as the honorable Senator
from Nevada who last addressed the Senate,
[Mr. Nth,] said, would be to exhaust the
entire Indian annuity for particular tribes, and
to leave them in winter in want, in the inclem-
ency of the season, to perish for the want of
food.
Will the Senate of the United States sustain
such a state of things as that by continuing this
policy of deducting from Indian annuities the
loss of property which frontiermen may sus-
tain under the state of circumstances that I
have attempted to present? Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, the Indians are not foreign governments.
Our Government and our policy allow them no
such position. Congress has power to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, and with
Indian tribes. IIow does it regulate commerce
with foreign nations? By treaty, by mutual
stipulation, and compact. How does it regu-
late commerce with Indian nations ? By pre-
scribing to them the law, the rule to which they
are bound as by fate itself. They have no voice,
no freedom in the making of the intercourse
law with the Indian tribes passed by Congress.
That is the work of the sovereign will and power
of the Government of the United States. We
arrogantly claim to be their guardians ; we
subordinate them to our laws, and never was
such guardianship and wardship known on the
face of God's earth anywhere else as exists
between the Government of the United States
and the Indian tribes. From the beginning,
with the exception of William Penn, it has
been nothing but aggression, oppression, injus-
tice, robbery, fraud, and plunder on the part
of the white people of the defenseless Indian
tribes.
Sir, these untutored men of the forest have
great sense of justice and of gratitude and of
kindness imprinted upon their hearts by the
Great Spisit. They are as true to the inner
workings of these noble attributes of man as
civilized man is, as was proved by the history
of all the intercourse which William Penn had
with the savages of North America. The man,
the legislator, the Government that has long
intercourse with them and that observes invio-
lable faith and compacts with them and treats
them with strict justice acquires a dominion
and a moral power and influence over them
greater than can be established by arms with
all their terrors. It is because faith and treaty
obligations, in the language of the honorable
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] are from
day to day habitually violated, scorned, and
trampled upon by the white man and by his
government, that they are made in derision,
in mockery, with no purpose to observe them,
with no other purpose than to trample them
under foot as the avarice, the cupidity, the
desire for more territory and aggrandizement
which actuate the white man may impel him.
It is a mere pretense, a sham, that these treat-
ies arc made, and he begins to understand it.
Mr. President, I admit with the honorable
Senator from Nevada that our Indian relations
and our management of Indian affairs have
been a most signal and disgraceful failure;
anditis because the Government of theUnited
States has never made any attempt to execute
Indian treaties and to keep faith with them.
If we would alter our system of intercourse in
that respect; if we would make reasonable
anil proper contracts with them ; if we would
observe those contracts with inviolable good
faith ; if we would practice the principles of
justice, of magnanimity, and of kindness to-
ward the Indian, we should soon throw around
him chains, not of iron, but of affection ;
silken chains that would bind him to us so that
ho would consult the pleasui-e, the counsel, the
will and commands of the United States with
tenfold more alacrUy and more obligation
than we can impress upon his untutored mind
by all the display of military power, and of
violated faith, and of wrong upon him and his
prostrate rights that is displayed in our present
mode of treatment of the Indian, and of inter-
course with him.
Sir, I hope that thislaw asit exists upon our
statute-book, as it has been andisin course of
execution, will not be permitted to remain. It
ought to be reformed. It ought not to be per-
mitted to remain a perpetual law, a violation
of the rights of the poor Indian from day to
day. Mr. President, the Indian in our country
is undergoing a great change now. Formerly
he lived by hunting ; the foiest gave him his sub-
sistence. Our population has crowded him to
the extremity, deprivedhim of the vast hunting-
grounds that at one time spread from the east-
ern States to the Pacific ocean ; all the inter-
vening space is being occupied and taken up
by the white man and by his vocations and
Ins interests
The Indian has ceased to he a hunter. To
live, to feed himself, he has to change his voca-
tion from hunting to husbandry. We protess
to have a policy to help him to make this great
