2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
:Th  report needs .another apology, The.cre-
dentials.had been for sortie days beforethe .com-
mittee. . Unexpectedly to pie .1 was changed
with the fluty of preparing the report. Being
informad-of the natural anxiety of the claimant
to have', a, decision, on the morning on whieh
the duty of preparing the report was.p.sgigned
roe I dtfew it here at my seat, during the pro-
ceedings of the Senate; hastily dr$wn, it;was
submitted informally to the committee,- and
was not intended as. more than a statement ot
conclusions previously acted upon in com-
mittee. Not being printed'eyen as well-a®'it
was written, it becomes necessary to state th&t
the words contained in parenthesis, which I
will read, are'not the words of Genera! Ai4es
at all, but the note of the committee., Atfd
that the Senate may have the precise facfe1
will call attention to the language of Genial
Ames himself upon this point. The commit-
tee, in order to state it most strongly for the
claimant, employs this expression of ite own:
" The intentions thus dcelaiecLwero not' only to
become a candidate t'qr th9 Senate, but to retail}
and reside in Mississippi."
It is previously stated in .qualification that
the declared intentions of General Ames were
in connection with his candidacy for the Sen-
ate. General Ames, beinga man of honor and
of frankness, in whose statement the committee
put the fullest confidence—General Ames him-
self establishes, beyond question, that the only
intention he formed hinged upon his being
chosen a Senator in Congress. I have here
his words, taken down by the Senator from
Vermont, [Air. I5i iunds,J in the presence of
the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator excuse me a moment? I wish to call his
attention again to this clause in brackets on
which he lays some stress. I infer from that
clause that the committee were satisfied, from
some sort of evidence, either the statements
of General Ames or some other description of
evidence, that his purpose was not only to be
a candidate, but -to remain a resident of Mis
sissippi.
Mr. CONKLING. Without reference to the
result of the election?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the honorable Sen-
ator misunderstands. 1 will endeavor to make
it plain.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the honorable Sen-
ator will allow mo to say that is not my fault,
but the fault of the committee in not stating
the whole ca&e.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I impute no fault to the
honorable Senator. Wo all want to know the
facts, and 1 take them from the lips of Gen-
eral Ames himself. Had the report been printed
more accurately, with quotation marks, desig-
nations, divisions, it would be more clear
than it is. The declarations as stated relate
not only to becoming a candidate for the Sen-
ate, but to the matter of inhabitancy, and pre-
cisely the truth upon that point I will now read
from the language of General Ames. The
question was asked him directly whether he.
could say that had he not been elected to the
Senate he meant still to remain a resident in
Mississippi. He said that he could not say
so; and here is his language as the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] took it down
from his Hps : " doubtful if I should have be-
come a citizen ; '—-—
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator be good
enough to tell us where he finds the language
he is now reading? It is not in the report.
Mr. CONKLING. I am bound to presume
the honorable Senator intends his interroga-
tions in good faith.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I do.
Mr. CONKLING. Inasmuch as I have
stated that I was about to read something not
in the report, and that I read from the minutes
made by the honorable Senator from Vermont,
it seems odd that the question should be re-
peated, "Where isit, as it is not in the report?"
Mr.HOWARD. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I will not by any remark of mine irri-
tate the Senator from New York again.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
does not suppose that he irritates me by his
remarks. I accept all interruptions willingly;
but having distinctly stated a tact it is hardly
worth while to interrupt for the purpose of
having it again stated.
The language which appears in the report
as from General Ames is from a written state-
ment made by General Ames, and which bears
his own signature; it was sent to the commit-
tee. The report extracts verbatim the con-
cluding portion of his statement, except the
words inclosed in brackets, which are not his.
As to the precise truth upon the point to which
the words in brackets relate, I now read the
language taken down, as delivered verbally to
the committee by General Ames ; it is in the
handwriting of tW Senator from Vermont, and
the members of the committee who were pres-
sent will remember it without resort to the
memorandum. . As I said, General Ames was
asked whether he could say that it was his
intention to remain in Mississippi if not chosen
to the Senate. He said that he could not so
say, and as the language was taken down by
the Senator from Vermont, here it is:
"Doubtful if I should have become a citizen if I
had not been elected! but 1 felt certain of being
elected."
And then he made an answer which, before
I sit down, I wish to allude to, and therefore I
will read it here, and ask attention to it:
"If I am not admitted to the seat I shall now
regard Mississippi as my home, and return thero as
a citizen of it."
He felt no difficulty in saying that since his
election and since he had resigned his com-
mission in the Army ho had clearly determined
in his own mind, without reference to the Sen-
atorship, the fact of his intention. As I have
once before said, it was a relief to the com-
mittee that lie was able so to say, because it
enabled him and his constituents to remove
from his way that obstacle which the Consti
tution does not, as the committee understand
the law and the facts, enable us to remove.
There, then, is the intention, the only inten-
tion which went before his election. An inten-
tion, not absolute, but contingent: contingent
upon what? Contingent upon the very event
which it must absolutely precede. I am asked
to read the language once more. In answer to
the question, he says :
" Doubtful if I should have become a citizen if I
had not been elected."
Mr..HOWE. What was the question?
Mr. CONKLING. The question is not here.
I will hand the memorandum to the Senator.
1 said it was iu answer to a question, in order
to explain the meaning of it; and every mem-
ber of the committee who was present remem-
bers more fully than is here stated the sub-
Stance of the language employed by General
Ames, and of the question to which lie re-
sponded.
Mr. HOWE. If it does not interrupt the
Senator, I should like to say a word at this
point. I do not mean to controvert his argu-
ment, but to ask whether there is not reason
for saying that the language employed there
by the claimant does not make his intention
to remain actually a condition ? It does not
say, in other words, that he means to remain
i« Mississippi if he is elected, or if not, not to
remain there; but lie simply says, if I under-
stand it rightly, that he is not able to say that
•he .should have remained if he had not been
elected.
CONKLING. Or, in other words, when
asked, speaking of his intention can you say
that independent of the event of the election,
or had the election resulted otherwise, it was
your intention to remain? He answers, "lean-
not sayit was." Mr. President, that is an inten-
tion for a purpose; one only purpose, it hinges
upon the very event which could not legally
happen, until after the intention had become
absolute. The proposition is conclusive, and
destructive of the claimant's case. How can
it be answered ? Shallpassion answer it? Shall
party feeling auswer it in this high place ? Why,
sir, iB has been said that the votes of Senators
have been solicited upon this question by those
interested in pending measures, because of the
votes General Ames might or might not give
if introduced in season.
" Can sach things be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud?"
God forbid I Far distant be that day when the
elect of States, assembled here to guard their
privileges and the liberties which those privi-
leges preserve, shall so far forget themselves as
to be governed by considerations such as these.
Should I live to see the time when judgments
of this tribunal shall be rendered upon such
persuasions, I might exclaim in the words of
another, "'Twere merciful if a thunderbolt
should visit the temple and burn np the records
of our disgrace." No, sir, we will look at the
law and the facts ; and at this point the ques-
tion is whether General Ames lost his former
residence, and gained a new one by' an' inten-
tion which was to take effect only upon his
being chosen -to the Senate.
Mr. President, although I have already occu-
pied more time than I intended, having entered
upon this argument I intend to state with as
much brevity as I can the elements which
belong to it; and I ask honorable Senators in
testing this particular question to look at that
multitude of divorce cases which appear in
judicial reports—look to them for light upon
the question whether an intention to reside in
a State in reference to a particular purpose or
event, satisfies the provision of a statute or an
ordinance of a constitution requiring residence.
In the-State in part represented by the hon-
orable Senator before me [Mr. Moktok] the
statute provides that to obtain a divorce the
parties must have resided in Indiana for one
year. Am I right?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, sir, was it over
said if a party went to Indiana and there re-
mained, with an intention which related to
obtaining a divorce, that such an intention
and such a residence would stand the test? In
what case was it so decided? As frost van-
ishes before the sun, so decrees based upon
such facts have vanished, and so judgments
dissolving marriages have been themselves dis-
solved by courts who looked no further than
to see that the intention to reside hinged upon
the purpose of obtaining a divorce. Need we
a better illustration of this precise question,par-
ticularly when we remember what a grapple
for the mastery there has been at the bar and
in the courts in these cases, and upon the very
issue? No passion of the human heart, no
motive which incites litigants, has ever been
stronger in civil controversy than that motive
which has strained every nerve, turned every
stone, gone to the end of debatable conclu-
sions, in quest of courts which would say that
a residence, contingent on the purpose of
obtaining a divorce, was a legal or sufficient
residence. No, say the courts, it was a resi-
dence pro "hac vicet and therefore it was no
residence at all.
Apply these views and principles to the case
before us, and I ask Senators to answer each
to himself a series of brief questions which I
will propound:
Was General Ames when elected a bona fide
member of that community which constituted
the State of Mississippi ?
Could ho be taxed in Mississippi ?
Was he subject to jury duty in Mississippi?
Could ho vote in Mississippi?
Had he been a married man, and his wife
in New York, or Maine, or Wisconsin, would
she have become an inhabitant of Mississippi
in consequence of the intention he formed ten
days antecedent to the election ? The argu-
ment must p^ove this if it proves anything,
