170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 3,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
States. This excessive taxation is the cause
of the enormous price of books at the present
time, the price having doubled since the war.
Let me state gome of these taxes:
materials entering into book-making.
Esparto grass, (to make paper,) 20 per cent, ad va-
lorem.
Esparto pulp, $5 per ton and 10 per cen t. ad valorem.
Old flax and hemp tow, 20 per cent.
Old rope and bagging, 20 per cent.
Bleaching powders, 30 cents per 100 pounds, or 82
on the $1,000 if made here.
Soda-ash. 50 cents per 100 pounds, or $2 on the $1,000
if made here.
Alum, 60 cents per 100 pounds, or $2 or. tho $1,000
if made here.
Wire cloth, 40 per cent, ad valorem, or $2 on the
$1,000 if made here.
Felting, 20 cents per pound and 35 per cent ad va-
lorem, or $2 on the $1,000 if made here.
Carmine, 35 per cent, ad valorem, or $2 on tho 81,000
if made here.
Ultramarine, 25 per cent, ad valorem, or $2 on the
$1,000 if made here.
If the book-maker electrotypes his matter he
consumes copper, which is subject to a duty
of 35 per cent.
Muriatic acid, subject to 10 per cent. duty.
Sulphuric acid, subject to 1 cent per pound duty.
Ammonia, subject to 20 per cent, duty,
Alcohol, subject to $2 por gallon duty.
Spongo, subject to 20 por cent. duty.
Zinc, subject to 1=1- ccnts per pound duty.
Beeswax, subject to 10 per cent. duty.
Benzoic, subject to 40 ccnts per gallon duty.
Black lead, subjcct to $10 per ton duty.
Olive oi], subject to 25 cents per gallon duty.
Mercury, subject to 15 per cont. duty.
Sulphate of eoppor, subject to 25 per cent. duty.
Lampblack, paying 25 per cont. duty, or 82 on the
*1,000.
Linseed oil, paying 23 cents per gallon, or $2 on the
*1,000.
Molasses, paying 8 cents per gallon duty.
Glue, paying 20 per cent, duty, or $2 on the $1,000.
All these articles enter into the manufacture
of books, and as long as the book manufac-
turer pays -10 taxes to the Government he should
have 25 cents per pound of duty upon imported
books, if not to protect hnn against the foreign
manufacturer of books, to protect him from
the iron hand of Ins own hard Government.
N IMMO'S KErORT OX THE DESTRUCTION OF COMMERCE.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not detain the House
longer, further than to call its attention to one
document which has been sent to us by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and that is the report
of the gentleman who has the custody of the
statistics of the commerce and the navigation
of the country, Mr. Nimmo. It is a most mel-
ancholy report, and makes a man more sad to
read it than even "Burton on Melancholy."
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who the other day attacked Mr. Wells's report,
should attack Mr. Niinmo's, too, for he has
recorded more lugubrious facts and issued a
far more damaging document for the tariff and
bounty interests he is advocating than any-
thing Mr. Weils has sent to the country. Mr.
Niinmo records that there are now 117 foreign
steamers bringing imports and emigrants into
the country, and carrying off our exports, and
all under a foreign flag: 10 in Portland, Maine,
94 in New York, 4 from Baltimore, 9 from
New Orleans, 13 lines in all, and with a ton-
nage of 268,437 tons. Not one of them under
an American flag.
Another statement made to me from New
York is as follows:
The Bremen lino to New York— -Ions.
18 steamer,i of 3,000 tons each  54,000
French line—
4 steamers of 3,000 tons each  12,000
Hamburg lino—
11 steamers of 3,000 tons each  33,000
Inman line—
10 steamers, each 3,000 tons  48,000
National line—
12 steamers, each 3,100 tons  37,200
Williams & Guion line—
0 steamers, each 3,100 tons  18 600
Cunardline— '
24 steamers of 3,000 tons each  72,000
London line—
4 steamers, each 2,000 tons  8,000
Anchor line—
21 steamers, each 1,200 tons  28,800
119 steamers. Total tons 311,000
These divide, I am informed, $10,000,000
dividends, and employ 15,000 men on board,
in docks, and elsewhere.
The havoc made on our commerce during
the war by the Alabama is fresh in our mem-
ories, but each one of these 119 steamers en-
tering our ports is superior in strength and
speed to the Alabama, and could at a short
notice be made available as a naval vessel,
especially in the destruction of commerce.
seventy-five million dollars foreign capital
thus invested.
The amount of capital invested in these
steamers, in building and fitting out, is about
§75,000,000, and while the larger portion of
their revenue is obtained from this country,
not one dollar that can be dispensed with
is expended here in the way of repairs or
outfit.
Information obtained from business men
acquainted with steamships enables me to say
that the yearly cost of repairs to hulls, machin-
ery, furniture, &c., is not less than 12 per
cent, of the original cost, which in the above
vessels would involve an annual expenditure
of $9,000,000, while the amount expended in
this country on that account does not exceed
$100,000, causing a continual iqss to this coun-
try in capital and labor, as, but for the increased
cost, a considerable portion could be done here,
thereby benefiting our business and that of the
country at large.
destruction of engine-shops.
Comparing the condition of our ship-yards
and marine-engine works at the present time
and previous to our late war, the following
facts will appear :
In the city of New York for twenty years previous
to our war thero were eight largo marine-engine
shops and a large forge all engaged in tho construc-
tion and repair of engines and boilers, besides many
small establishments for repairing only.
There were twenty ship-yards, a number of smith
shops, spar-yards, sail-making and rigging manu-
facturers, and not less than 20,000 men were regu-
larly employed therein, with not less 2,000 young
men apprenticed in tho various branches of the busi-
ness.
In tho marine-engine works a few are striving to
maintain an existence by keeping a few men em-
ployed in other iron work, trusting that Congress
may do something to relievo tlioir present condi-
tion.
Among those closed and formerly well known
as large establishments, and of whose produc-
tions our citizens were justly proud, are the fol-
lowing:
Tho Allaire Works—one of the oldest in tho coun-
try, its machinery all taken out and the building used
for ea.r stables.
Tho Fulton Works—the machinery is beingdisposed
of and tho property for sale.
The Etna "Works—tho machinery has been i emoved
and the property advertised forsale.
Tho Neptune Works have been broken up and tho
buildings used for a saw-mill.
Tho Novelty Works have abandoned the marine-
engine work and turned their facilities to the pro-
duction of castings for buildings.
twenty thousand skilled workmen out of
employ.
Of the ship-yards all are unoccupied and idle
with the exception of one small steamer for the
coastwise trade. Of the twenty thousand skilled
workmen employed in and around New York
in the construction and fitting out of ships and
steamers a few years since not one thousand
are now employed in the same occupations,
and of the two thousand apprentices there are
not to-day one hundred.
With no ships or engines to build, and no
young men under instructions, the art will be
lost to us. It requires years of experience and
labor to educate the mechanics employed in
the construction of a steamship. The ore can
bo taken from the bed and manufactured into
pig-iron by rude and unskilled hands, but it
occupies months and a large force of skilled
workmen to convert it into a steam-engine or
an iron ship. With all our mineral deposits
no wealth can accrue to us without the skill to
use them; and as well might we expect to
educate our children with our schools all closed
and the teachers engaged in other occupations
as to retain the art of building ships or steam-
engines with none to build.
wrecked SHIPPING.
When I recapitulate these melancholy facts,
Mr. Chairman, with difficulty do I repress the
pulsations of my heart, and the passion such
a record of national folly and crime inspires.
Our great Republic opens upon two oceans,
upon the Gulf of Mexico south, and the great
lakes north ; our continent overflows with all
the material necessary for ship-building. We
have harbors unrivaled; we have seamen, who,
from the days of Paul Jones to the days of
Parragut, have known no fear nor shrunk from
any adventure, who have stormed the fires of
Tripoli and of New Orleans, and yet now our
commerce scarcely ventures beyond our capes
and headlands, or, if so, it is swept from the
open seas by the superior and better maritime
administration of England, France, Germany,
and even Sweden and Norway. We, who in
the Old World have seen, in Asia and in Af-
rica as well as in Europe, the star-spangled
banner everywhere—and who have seen it, with
pride and pleasure—we, who have traced it from
the Arctic to the Antarctic, from the Pacific
and the Atlantic to the Indian sea, and from
the Indian sea to the Behring straits—we, who
have seen that flag carried in grandeur and
glory all over the earth, now see it scarcely
anywhere on any of the broad seas of that
earth. It has been banished, swept away,
killed, damned, by our accursed tariff. It is
gone—almost all gone; the wrecks of it only
saved by our exclusive coastwise navigation,
or upon the distant shores of the Pacific, too
far from England, too far for the mariners
of the Baltic to crush it, as it is otherwise
crushed and crumbled everywhere upon the
open seas.
The most melancholy picture now on the
earth, the most deplorable for the American
who loves his country, is to see in the harbor
of New York, flying from the fleets of shipping
there assembled, the British cross of St. George,
the tri-colors of France, of Belgium, and of
Italy; the red, black, and gold of Germany,
and the yellow of Spain—foreign flags every-
where, and the star- spangled banner nowhere
but upon some coastwise craft. How is this ?
Why is this? Are the days of Preble and
Decatur rubbed out of the American calendar ?
Are the Constitution and the Guerriere for-
gotten? Are the memories of Tripoli and of
the Algerines no more? Have the industry
and enterprise of our country gone—all gone ?
Do we, the sons of glorious ancestral fame,
mean to give up the dominion of the seas?
Never, never, sir. Even now, while the accursed
tariff is pouring into our ships its fatal grape
and canister, and the star-spangled banner is
going down, every true-hearted American re-
echoes the dying words of Lawrence :
" Don't give up the ship."
taxation on SHIrS.
The effects of the enormous duties which are
levied upon our shipping we find set forth in
Nimmo's Statistics, which is a most valuable
work. On a 1,000 ton ship of oak or spruce
the taxes are now $8,000. A duty of $8,000
is what is now paid to the Federal Govern-
ment on the building of an American 1,000 ton
ship. On an iron ship of 1,000 tons the duty
is $21,000. The (French) Ville de Paris, a
3,000 ton ship, if built in the United States,
it is estimated by Mr. Roach of New York,
would pay $127,000 in taxes to the United
States Government. Mr. F. W. Smith, the
treasurer of the Atlantic Iron Works, Boston,
submitted in October last to the Committee of
Ways and Means the following statement of
the rates of duty upon the descriptions of iron
