3072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
nobody eonld—prevent individual violations
of law. Some sqch occurred, committed by
bad men, by common criminals of both par-
ties, or of no party, and for them no party
should be held responsible here. •
I hope that gentlemen will not forget that in
this case Mr. McCranie has & majority of 2,1(>0
votes of the entire registration, not of the votes
cast, but of the entire registration 5 and that in
every one of those parishes the election was, in
a general and in a just sense, legal, orderly, and
peaceable; that the returns were legally and
fairly made; that they show the precise result
of the count of the votes that were cast, and
that Mr. McCranie, although he was in the
common parlance of the day a rebel, was only
a rebel so far as to have taken his- stand and
fortune with his misguided and unfortunate
people.
And here let me say, in behalf of Mr. Mc-
Cranie, that at the time this war came on he
was but a young man, just entering upon life,
just marking out his future course. It is con-
ceded, and 1 trust it will not be denied by any
one, that at the inception of our late civil war
he was an outspoken, independent, courageous
Union man, and that he stoutly and bravely
resisted secession to the last hour, until actual
and general war was flagrant, and that to this
moment he has constantly and faithfully denied
the right of secession, and only succumbed and
yielded to the all-pervading and all-engulfing
power of actual subsisting war, and then took
his sword in hand and determined to share the
common fate of his people, of his neighbors,
and friends. After he had done all he could
do, had exercised all the influence he could
exercise to keep off this calamity, to prevent
secession and war, then, as a last resort and
as a duty that be owed to his neighbors and
friends, he determined that he would follow
their fortunes. This may have been wrong and
criminal; but if so, still it illustrated a manly
and generous fidelity to the nearer relations
of life. Since the restoration of peace bo man
can truthfully aay that Mr. McCranie has not
desired and in good faith endeavored to main-
tain actual peace. He even became a candi-
. date for the seat now in question against his
own judgment and in deference to the wishes
of bis people.
Now I ask the House to remember that in
this particular Mr. McCranie sustains the same
relations to the House, to that district, and to
the Constitution and laws of the country, that
several gentlemen have sustained who have
been admitted to seats in Congress, and one of
whom was admitted bat a few days since upon
the recommendation of the Committee of Elec-
tions. I refer to the gentleman from South Car-
olina (Mr. Shober,] whose relations to the coun-
try, to the war, and to the fourteenth amend-
ment, I believe are precisely the same in legal
< effect as those now sustained by Mr. McCranie.
In many other cases where gentlemen have
been elected who were disqualified from hold-
ing a seat by reason of this kind of ineligibility,
their disabilitieshave been removed. Such was
done in behalf of General P. M. B. Young, of
Georgia, who was himself a major general in
the confederate army, and who was also a gradu-
ate at West Point. The same thing was done
ia favor of Colonel Clift, of Georgia, who
had been a colonel in the confederate service.
The same thing was done, I believe, for one
of the gentlemen who ate now in this Honse
from the State of Mississippi on the Repub-
lican side. Other members of this House have
been relieved in like manner in deference to
the wishes of their constituents and in aid of
the sacred right of representation. No case of
clearer merit was ever presented to Congress
than this one; and why not be just toward Mr.
McCranie?
In view of all these facts and circumstances
I beg the House to remember that it ought not
to act upon partisan prejudices, purposes, or
feelings, or yield to the temptation to exercise
the irresistible power of the majority to reject
a Democrat who has been fairly eleoted. The
majority here ought to remember that
"It is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I now propose to yield
to Mr. Morey for ten minutes. Before doing
so I will ask that leave be granted to him to
have printed iu the Globe additional remarks
to those he tuay make in ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. MOREY. Mr. Speaker, the majority
of the Committee of Elections, in presenting
their report, refer to the law and state that—
"The House has heretofore, in the ease of Hunt
««. Sheldon, adopted the rule that where it appears
that certain precincts and parishes (or counties; of a
district have been carried by violence orintimidation,
the returns therefrom shall be rejected, and the result
derived lroui the returns from the peaceable pre-
cincts and parishes (or counties.",)
That is the principle which I hold should
govern in this case. I have claimed in my
brief, as I claim now, that the votes of the
peaceable parishes of this district should be
counted. 1 claim that first, because it is right;
and then I claim it as the only principle which
will teach the lawless element of our popula-
tion that their efforts at lawlessness and mur-
der and intimidation will be brought to naught.
The moment the principle is established by this
Congress that the votes of peaceable parishes
alone shall be counted, then the only incentive
to such a course on their part will be removed,
and the practice will be discontinued. The
report says that the House decided differently
in the Sypher case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we find that the legal
returns received from this district comprise the
returns from eleven parishes. In my brieflclaim
that there was fraud, violence, and intimida-
tion iasixparishosoutof the eleven. Theclaim
in one parish, that of Catahoula, was not in
the judgment of the committee sustained. That
left six parishes, in one of which the charge of
intimidation and violence was not sustained
by the evidence, and in five of which the legal-
ity of the election was not questioned, and live
parishes in which intimidation and violence did
prevail. In those parishes the vote in the
spring stood 3,004 Republican votes and 2,901
Democratic, there being, not, as the gentleman
on the other side stated, a majority of Demo-
cratic votes, but a majority of 103 Republican
votes. In two of those parishes there prevailed
in the spring the same intimidation and vio-
lence that prevailed in the fall. Upon the
investigation by the State Legislature a large
portion of the votes of those two parishes were
thrown out as having been influenced by vio-
lence and intimidation; and the Republican
members, having received a majority of the
votes cast in the peaceable precincts of those
two parishes, were seated. Hence the Repub-
j lican majority in the spring in those lawless
parishes is swelled to the extent of 1,100 or
1,200 votes, while at the election in the fall
these five parishes cast 29 votes in the aggre-
gate for Grant and Colfax and for the contest-
ant.
Now, those six parishes, in which the con-
testee does not attack the validity of the elec-
tion, and in only one of which, Catahoula,
have I attacked its validity, which attack was
not fully sustained by the evidence, constitute
fully one half of the area of the whole district,
which is the largest in the State, and one of
the largest in the country. Those six parishes
contain a majority of the registered voters of
the whole district. The committee state that '
as to the parishes of Catahoula and Caldwell
the testimony ia not so conclusive. I admit
that the testimony is not conclusive as to the
parish of Catahoula; but as to the parish of j
Caldwell we have the testimony of two judges,
who are two old citizens, responsible and re- I
spectable in every way, men who have not the
taint of " carpet-baggery"' upon them. They
testify that daring their lifetime, embracing
forty or fifty years, they have never seen such
a state of tilings as prevailed at this election.
They had to leave their homes at night under
the guard of a party of their friends, a portion
of them their political opponents, who stated
that they could not control the violent elements
in the parish, even as against those life-long
residents in the district. Where such was the
case with regard to white men, what must it
have been in regard to the colored men, who
were taken out at night by armed bands of
men in disguise, the leaders whipped, and the
rest compelled to join the Democratic club and
take "protection tickets," which would pro-
tect them from what? Which would protect
them from th%Kuklux organization within the
Democratic party. That was the game that
was played there ; to murder or intimidate the
leading white Republicans, and so frighten and
intimidate the balance of the colored voters,
who were not so ignorant as not to know where
their interests lay in this election.
! Those five parishes where intimidation ex-
isted, cast in the spring some 6,000 votes, the
.1 Republican majority being 103, while in the
fall 29 votes only were cast for Grant and Col-
, fax, and for myself, as the Republican candi-
date for Congress. In one of those parishes,
which polls about 3,000 votes, 2 Republican
votes were cast by two white men, one of
whom was taken out a night or two afterward
and beaten almost to death; and when he
,j. appeared before the committee he was still
suffering from the effects of that beating.
In regard to the ineligibility of Mr. McCra-
nie, I wish to state that the case is not parallel
with that of those gentlemen who have here-
tofore been relieved from disabilities and ad-
mitted to seats on this floor. In the latter
cases there were recommendations from promi-
nent Republicans of their States, setting forth
that they had accepted the situation and were
in favor of the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress. .
This gentleman petitioned to have his disa-
bilities removed last year, and his application
was presented by a Senator who, when he
heard alL the facts in the ease, withdrew the
application for relief which he had presented.
There is no Republican from Louisiana on
this floor or in the other House who will in-
dorse his application. And why? Because
this gentleman has been one of the strongest
opponents of the reconstruction policy of the
Government ever since its inception. I know
it. He publishes a paper in my town, and I
publish another. I am familiar with his record.
I placed a file of his newspaper before the
Committee on Political Disabilities of the
Senate, and one glance through those sheets
was sufficient to satisfy them that his applica-
tion should be denied. Therefore his case was
not reported last year. When it was believed
that his political disabilities would be removed
this year, I received letters from prominent
Union menand Republicans protesting against
sueh action. I understand that if anybody's
disabilities are to be removed it is the man
who accepts the situation, the man who accepts
the reconstruction policy in good faith. We
do not object to the removal of all political
disabilities; but, when the cases are made
exceptional, we do protest against the removal
of disabilities in the case of a man who all
along has opposed reconstruction. Any one
who will refer to the Washita Telegraph, edited
and pnblished by the contestee, will see that
he is not a man whose disabilities ought to be
removed.
Take the six parishes which we class as
peaceable, and the majority of the registered
voters are in those six parishes; they are at
least one half of the district in area. The
principle which was adopted in the case of
Hunt vs. Sheldon, of throwing out the parishes
where there were intimidation and personal
