1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy—Mr. Boiven.
Ho. of Reps.
most used in ship-building, under various
tariffs.
o rc>
; o & .
  
3 •
S- 2,
« bj o o o a
_ >— o c> o o >—
g B
B S
g g
o o o o
o cr> a 0 a a
1 S" Bi !
\ % 3 I
S-i-< ^ '
2. M M « "
p- .o * -2 £
o a e P £
p-1 CO
88 8 8 8
!4£
O'Oi o« Oi c<
iS S
o o ^
£2iS K £S 8S '& j?
C-C-. O Ci Cj
OO O O O O
Gold cost, Dcccmber
1S68, per ton, 2,2 tO
pounds, calling cx-
chango 9} per cent.
Dutv by tariff bill,
1857, ad valorem.
Duty by tariff bill,
1S61, per ton, 2,2-10
pounds; also tho
same mi v.threw.
Duly by tariff bill,
1861, &c., per ton,
2.240 pounds; also
tho sarac ad valo-
cow ho co c> 05 Q3
W CO to w o w K
■a k i
^ I
§
Duty proposed by
House of Iteprc-
sentatives' bill.
1868, per ton, 2,240
pounds; also the
same ad valorem.
TAXING THE 1'LAG.
The duties upon a ship are so numerous that
it is difficult to remember them all. I will
recite some of the articles which are taxed. On
chains there is an enormous duty, and so with
cables, anchors, felt, timber, copper, zinc, tin,
canvas, lead, paints, cordage, &c. Webb, the
great ship-builder of New York, estimates the
duties on our shipping at II3& per cent.,
while McKay, the renowned ship-builder of
Boston, estimates them at 13 J per cent. Even
upon the flag that floats over an American
ship—the flag of freedom—one, one only, I
believe, grasping manufacturer in Massachu-
setts, has laid his clutches and demanded a
bounty from that flag ; so that every part of
a ship, from its keel and the copper on its
sides to the bunting that floats from the mast-
head, is enslaved to monopoly. In the woolen
bill of 18G7, that wicked bargain between the
woolen manufacturers of the East and the
wool-growers of the West for a common pub-
lic robbery, cupidity slyly inserted:
" On bunting 20 cents per square yard, and in ad-
dition thereto 35 per cent, ad valorem."
So that the duties have been run up to:
In 1857  la per cent.
In 1861  30 per cent.
In 1863   35 per cent.
In 1864-65  50 per cent.
In 1807  140 per cent.
One hundred and forty per cent., and that a
bounty to one bunting manufactory on the
flag of our country! And, sir, it is but jus-
tice that sueh a tariffed flag should float over
sucliatariffed country; for the 140 per cent, pro-
hibition bounty on it but represents the almost
innumerable bounties of the four or five thou-
sand tariffed articles upon which forty millions
of people are now paying taxes.
THE BILL MR. BKOOKS IS TO PROPOSE.
Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand a bill
which, at the proper parliamentary time—not
now—I shall present to the consideration of
the House, and I hope it will meet with favor
there. It is a bill in almost all respects like
that reported from the Committee of Ways and4
Means and differing from it in only a few items.
I accept the reductions of the committee on
tea, sugar, and coffee, and cocoa and molasses;
although I think it would be far wiser to reduce
these enormous duties on which I have been
dwelling, and by the reduction on which the
people would gain forty times more than by
these reductions here proposed, "but I accept
them as a necessity of my position. I accept
the duties proposed by the committee on spices.
On pig-iron I propose a duty of $3 per ton ;
on scrap-iron, the same.
Then, again, I accept the list of free articles
which the committee liave presented in their
bill with some fewadditions, to wit, salt, timber,
hides, coal, bleaching powders, soda-ash, and
hatters' furs, making them all free.
This bill which I present will reduce the rev-
enue, but not so much as it can stand reducing
or as it ought to be reduced. The reduction
of the duties on sugar and molasses will reduce
it about $10,200,000; on tea the reduction will
be §1,957,000 ; on coffee, $2,318,000 ; on pig-
iron, $790,000; on scrap-iron, $097,000 ; on
pig-lead, to 1 cent per pound, $800,000; on
salt, $1,136,225; on lumber, $1,262,000; fire
wood, §35,000; on hides and skins, $1,116,-
000; on bleaching powders, $101,000: soda-
ash, $050,000; hatters' furs, $313,000; and
on other articles in the free list about $3,500,000
more. These estimates are based upon the
supposition that the importations for the next
year will continue the same, as regards quan-
tity, as last year. But the import of pig-iron,
sciap-irou, lead, tea, sugar, and coffee, with
increase inevitably; partly through the increased
population of the country, and partly through
the increase of consumption which will be
stimulated by a reduction of rates. The gain
in the consumption of sugars alone is now at
the rate of about 30,000,000 pounds per annum.
The whole amount of reduction of revenue
under the above heads, allowing no gain from
increased imports, will be $24,800,000; but
allowing a £ain from increased imports, the
reduction of the revenue will not probably be
much in excess of 20,000,000, the proposed
reductiou of the Ways and Means.
FINALITY WHEN JUSTICE IS DONE.
If this bill, which I am to introduce, should
be successful, I do not look upon it as a final-
ity. I tell the gentlemen on the other side—
I do not mean the political other side, but
gentlemen on the high tariff side—I tell them
that there never will be a finality as long
as these enormous duties are imposed upon
89,000,000 consumers of this country for the
benefit of some 1,000,000 of manufacturers.
There never will be a finality until our tariff
approximates the simplicity of the British
tariff, which I have read here this day. There
never will be a finality so long as we have to
pay the enormous duties on wools and woolens
which this schedule exhibits—higher duties for
what are consumed by the poorer classes and
lower duties for the rich. There never can be
a finality until all the shackles are stricken
from the freedom of trade and men are left
free to buy where they can buy cheapest, and
to sell where they can sell best.
My own conviction is that if the people of this
country know the enormous taxation which is
levied upon them, directly and indirectly, by
these high tariff rates that have been imposed
during the convulsion of the civil war, when
they were thinking of other things, they would
hardly be restrained from revolution. Thun-
ders of remonstrance'and protest at least would
pour in upon this House from the South and
the West, from tho mountains and the prai-
ries, and from the far-distant Pacific; and tho
39,000,000 consumers at home would raise
such an outcry as to scare from the lobbies of
the Capitol the representatives of the 1,000,000
of manufacturers hero.
There will be no finality until justice is done
to the great body of the people. There will be
no finality until monopoly is brought down and
equality is brought up. There will be no finality
as long as legislation is so wielded as to make
the rich richer and the poor poorer. There
will be no finality so long as immense fortunes,
with the sluice-way of a Niagara, are pouring
into the coffers of a few men to the impover-
ishment of the great masses of tho people. I
offer this bill, therefore, as an installment only,
and ifit isnotaccepted I shall join with others—
with any others from any political party, in
an appeal from this House to the thousands
and hundreds of thousands outside of it; and
if nobody else will do it, in the course of time,
I will take these articles [holdingup samples of
woolens] on which there is this high tariff; and,
mounting a peddler's wagon, go through the
agricultural districts exhibiting with them a hoe,
a plow, an ax, a shovel, a trace-chain, a knife
and fork, with other articles, and demonstrate
to the eyes of the people the unjust, the enorm-
ous, the wicked taxation that is imposed upou
them by the existing tariff.
Sisters of Our Liuly of Mercy.
SPEECH OF HON. C. C. BOWEN,
of south carolina,
Ln thi; House op Representatives,
March 21, 1870.
The House had under consideration the following
bill:
Jlc it cnacted by tho Senate and House of lleprchcnt-
atives of the United States of Amcriea in Conorest
assembled, That 111 consideration of the services ren-
dered by tho Sisters of Our Lady o! Mercy ol' Charles-
ton, South Carolina, to sick and wounded Union
officers and soldiers while the said city was under
bombardment during the war, there be paid out 01
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated tho sum of $20,000, to be expended under the
direction of Sister M. Xavier in rebuilding their
orphan asylum in said city.
Mr. BOWEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in tho
advocacy of a bill upon which I cannot conceive
how men can differ. Its features are .->0 pre-
eminently meritorious, so entirely free from
objection, that I cannot entertain a doubt but
that it will receive the support of a large ma-
jority of this House. It needs only to bo
understood to meet the approbation of every
well-thinking man. It appeals to all the better
feelings of our nature—to patriotism, gratitude,
humanity, generosity, and religion. It is not.
urged as a claim against the Government, as
those in whose interest the measure ispresented
are too pure in mind and heart, too far removed
from the things of this world, too exalted in
their sense of duty, to ask or to accept a dollar
from this Government by way of compensation.
The relief asked by this bill is asked as a icj-
ognition by the Government of services ren-
dered and duties performed to the country in
the time of its distress and calamity that are
not purchasable with money and were not
rendered with the hope of any earthly rewaid.
but which rank in value and importance with
the valor of the soldier and the wisdom of tli
statesman.
