1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4961
j. geokge harries.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. No. 189) to enable the
Court of Claims to hear and determine the claim
of J. George Harriss, paymaster of the United
States Navy.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let that be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
HEIRS OF GERVACIO NOLAN.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my objection to
the passage of the bill of the Senate No. 843,
to confirm the title of the heirs of Gervacio
Nolan, deceased, to certain lands in the Terri-
tory of Colorado.
No other objection being made, the bill was
read a first, second, and third time, and passed.
SALT LAKE CITY.
Mr. CULLOM. I withdraw my objection
to the passage of Senate bill No. 509, for the
relief of the inhabitants of Salt Lake City, in
the Territory of Utah.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on the Public
Lands recommend the passage of this bill.
No other objection being made, the bill was
read a first, second, and third time, and passed.
SCHOONER WILLIAM CARLRTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 234) referring to
the Court of Claims claims against the United
States for the loss of the schooner William
Carleton.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let that be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (H. R. No. 19) to authorize the building
of a military and postal railway from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of
New York, which had gone to the Speaker's
table for want of being engrossed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. BIRD objected; and the bill was returned
to the Speaker's table.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (H. R. No. 1384) to allow the school
trustees in the State of Arkansas to enter land
for school purposes under the homestead law,
the pending question being oil the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY objected ; and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
LAWS Of WYOMING.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the passage of the hill of the Senate
No. 616, to repeal certain sections of acts
passed by the territorial Legislature of Wyom-
ing.
No further objection being made, the bill
was read a first, second, and third time, and
passed.
IIEIIIS OF GERVACIO NOLAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (H. R. No. 314) to confirm the title of the
heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to certain
lands in the Territory of Colorado, which had
gone to the Speaker's table for want of being
engrossed.
Mr. CHAVES. As a Senate bill for the
same purpose has just he^en passed, I move
that this bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
POET OF DELIVERY AT YALLEJO, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the passage of the bill (S. No. 834)_ to
create aportof delivery at Vallejo, California;
41st Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 311.
and to the amendment which the gentleman
from California [Mr. Johnson] desired to offer.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
That any vessel of five hundred tons or over, com-
ing from or going to sea, may proceed directly to or
fromVallejo and report through said surveyor to the
collector of customs at San Francisco, and avoid the
risk, expense, and delay by anchoring there.
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to ; and the bill, as amended, was
passed.
RESOLUTIONS FOE PRINTING.
The following concurrent resolutions of the
Senate were taken from the Speaker's table
and referred, under the law, to the Committee
on Priirting:
Resolution for printing extra copies of an
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, and for other purposes ; _
Resolution for printing extra copies of the
report on diseases of cattle in the United
States; and
Resolution for printing extra copies of the
report of the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey for 1869.
reports on paris exposition.
The following concurrent resolution of the
Senate was read:
llesolved, That one thousand copies of the reports
on the Paris Exposition, ordered to be printed by the
Senate on the 3d of March, 18SS, be placed at the
disposal of the House of Representatives, and that
fifty copies be placed in the Congressional Library
for its foreign exchanges.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe this resolution
does not require to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. It does not propose any new
printing; it simply provides for the disposition
of documents already printed.
Mr. HOAR. I hope the resolution will be
adopted. It merely places at the disposal of
the House documents which have already been
printed by order of the Senate.
There being no objection, the resolution was
concurred in.
coinage.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, requesting that five hundred
additional copies of his letters of the 25th
instant, with accompanying correspondence,
relative to the Mint and coinage of the United
States, be printed for the use of the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and
ordered to be printed.
alamuda road.
Mr. ALLISON withdrew his objection to
the passage of the bill (S. No. 692) to grant
the right of way for the Alameda road through
certain lands in California.
Mr. ARNELL. I renew the objection.
relief 01-' nayal officers.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to Senate resolution No. 163, entitled Joint
resolution for the relief of certain officers of the
Navy," having met, after lull and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do rccommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate reccde from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House and agree to the same.
(r. W. SC-Oi* lJbJjl),
D. P. DYER,
EUGENE HALE,
Managers un the part of the House.
JOHN SCOTT,
A. G. THUKMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This joint resolution as
passed by the Senate contained two sections.
The first provided for a revisory board, to
which nobody objected. The second contained
a provision about retired officers, to which the
House did not agree. The Senate now recedes
from its disagreement and consents that the
second section shall be struck out.
The report was adopted.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask that Senate bill No.
647, in relation to the Texas Pacific railway, be
ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES, SlG.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to reconsider the
various votes whereby bills have been passed
or referred this morning; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The SPEAKER. The House, as the reg-
ular order, resumes the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national cur-
rency of coin notes and to equalize the dis-
tribution of circulating notes. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who has twenty-
two minutes of his hour remaining, has yielded
ten minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Coburx.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman from Indiana proceeds I wish to make
a single remark. As several gentleman desire
to speak on this subject, I am willing to yield
the floor absolutely, with the understanding
that when the debate shall have extended as
long as may seem desirable I shall be allowed
to call the previous question and say a few
words in conclusion.
Mr. JUDD. Before the gentleman from
Indiana proceeds I would like to make a single
statement.
Mr. CULLOM. When does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] propose to take
the vote upon this question V
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Unless the
House should indicate its desire otherwise, I
shall at three o'clock call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to know whether
I am recognized in my own right?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana is upon the floor under the arrangement
made with the gentleman from Ohio,who yielded
to him ten minutes.
Mr. COBURN. I understand that the gen-
tleman yields to me now unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could hardly
recognize the gentleman in his own right in
this way; but the Chair will recognize the gen-
tleman from Indiana for the remainder of the
hour belonging to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. INGERSOLL. How much is that?
The SPEAKER. Twenty-two minutes.
Mr. JUDD. I desire, with the permission
of my colleague on the Committee on Banking
and Currency, to make a statement.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman can make
his statement afterward.
The SPEAKER. It will not be taken from
the time of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JUDD. I do not wish to make an argu-
ment, but merely a statement. I desire to say
to the House that when in regular order I can
get the floor for the purpose, I shall move a
non-concurrence in the report of the committee
of conference and ask for the appointment of
a new committee. That is all 1 have to say
for the present.
TEMPORARY" CLEllKS INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to allow me a moment in which to
submit a report from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. COBURN. I will yield, if it does not
come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. DAWES. There are forty female clerks
in the Internal Revenue Bureau, whose term
will expire to-night, and who will be turned
into the street to-morrow unless provision is
made for them. Provision was made for them
in the legislative appropriation bill; but that
