1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S07B
violence, woald throw out the vote of the other
five parishes, leaving the result as follows:
Voteofp<neeablepari*luHtfMhconor«nonaldiw*iet.
Paruhea. McCranic. Mora.
Carroll..;    ™
Concordia  •K'°
Madison....,
149
Madison  ";
Washita 
Tensas.
Catahoula...
4jl>
791
7
1,552
33
822
1,0U
150
3,578
1,394
7
1,435
27
JT
3,085
Total - —■ 3,443
Morey's plurality over McCranio  130 ;
Morey's plurality over Kennedy  513
Total Republican vote   -
Total Democratic    o,aw
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe I have shown
conclusively that there was a large Republican
majority in the peaceable parishes of this dis-
trict. I" fact the vote cast shows more than a
two-thirds vote for Grant and Colfax, which it
is true was unfortunately divided between my-
self and another candidate; technically, how-
ever, that is of no consequence in considering
this case, for it has always been held by this
House that a plurality vote elects the recipient
thereof. I hold, sir, that if the principle laid
down in the case of Hunt vs. Sheldon is worth
anything as a precedent, and if it is applied to
this case, I am entitled to the seat from the
fifth Louisiana district. The logic is conclu- j
sive to that result, and cannot be escaped. |
Now, sir, as my time is short—and had I the
opportunity I could speak all day on this sub-
ject, for I have studied it closely—I wish to
refer briefly to the effect of the application of
the principle which I hold should govern ia
this and all other cases from our section of
the country, namely, that the votes of parishes
and precincts where law and order prevailed
should alone be counted in ascertaining results.
When you establish this principle you say to
the Kuklux Democracy, '• You can accomplish
nothing but your own defeat by this policy, for
we refuse to recognize lawlessness, ruffianism,
assassination, and intimidation." If you do
not now and ia future adhere to this principle
you then encourage this lawless element, in
case they are in the minority, to commit just
such excesses as they did in 1868, and by hav-
ing the election declared null and void defeat
the will of the peaceable, law-abiding majority
of the people, and deprive them of representa-
tion.
If the report of the committee ia this case is
sustained, and the case referred back to the
people. I earnestly hope that thq principle for
which I contend may maintain m the cases
from the third and fifth districts of my State.
The establishment of this principle is of more
importance to me and to every lover of peace
and good government than any result which is
merely personal to myself. I make this appeal,
Mr. Speaker, in the name of an Outraged and
along-suffering constituency, in the name and
on behalf ot 15,000 voters, with as loyal hearts
as ever beat; and although moat of them have
dark skins, 1 would to God that the hearts of
their white brethren were as loyal and as true
to the principles of a republican Government!
I make this appeal on behalf of free citizens
entitled to the protection of ibis .great Govern-
ment, for without its protection the exercise of
the ballot, that priceless privilege of a free
man, one who is free indeed, will only te^d to
their destruction or maltreatmentin some cases,
and in other cases to their moral and political
degradation, by beingforced to succumb to this
hellish system of intimidation and coercion in-
augurated by the Kuklux and the Knights of
the White (Jamelia, both of which, as the evi-
dence taken in these cases conclusively proves,
are organizations within the Democratic party.
Without protection in its exercise you could
not give to the loyal colored men of the South
a greater curse than the ballot, for under the
reign ofterror which existed in 18(18, and which
I predict will exist in 1870, these loyal colored
men will be forced, ay foroed, to vote against
the party which they love and to which party
the most ignorant voter inthe State of Louisiana
41st Cong. 2z> Sess.—No. 193.
knows he owes his freedom, his manhood, mA
bis right to make for himself a narpe* for his
family a home, and for his children an inher-
itance of an education, which will enable them
in a greater degree than himself to appreciate
the blessings of liberty. The party I refer to
is the one which conquered the rebellion,
which has established manhood suffrage, and
whdsegreatest enemies are ignorance, bigotry,
and the intolerance and hate Which are the
legacy left by the rebellion to its disappointed
and unrepentant followers.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
gret exceedingly the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] and myself c$nno( agree about
anything in these cases.
Mr. MAYHAM  I should like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if it b« true, as I figure
it, that Mr. McCraqie has a majority of 2,160
of all the votes registered in that district?
Did he receive 2,160 votes more than one half
of all the registered votes in that district?
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 believe that is so. I
was saying how I regret that the gentleman
from Indiana and myself, after living together
so long in that hot climate last summer, cannot
agree about anything. It would seem that we
should have melted together. [Langhtet.]
But he is determined not to agree with me;
and if I were to ask him what he wanted and
consent to that, he would back out or waut more.
He says this was a peaceable district, all the
parishes were peaceable. Let roe give you,
some idea of what the gentleman calls peace-
able. In every one of these eight contested
parishes there were murders by the Kuklux
Klan and by Knights of the White Camelia.
They would, take a man out of his house at
midnight, m^rch him into the woods, and
there kill him, and then disappear in the dark-
ness. There was no public riot. They did
not need it. Their quiet, silent, stealthy mur-
ders were sufficient.
The gentleman says this was one of the
most peaceful districts in the whole State. I
say that it, was one of the most abandoned
regions in the Union. It lay between the Mis-
sissippi river on. the one side and the Bed river
on theother. As farasourgun-boataoould throw
a. shell during the war we held it. The rest was
neutral territory, and the desperately wicked
men from both |ides settled in it and pos-
sessed it until Phil- Sheridan ran sowe of them
out. Many remained, and some are there yet
unhanged, They killed a man the other day
for cultivating a plantation he had leased.
They sei}t him a Kuklux warning to leave,
and because he did not obey they killed him.
The testimony shows that in this district, within
sixty days before the election, two hundred
and nine men were killed and wounded by
gun-shots, and otherwise injured; one hun-
dred and fourteen of them killed. Yet the gen-
tleman from. Indiana has the effrontery to
stand up in the facie of this fjojisp and. talk
about this as a peaceable district.
Mr. KERR. I deny the truth pf the :gen-
tleman's,statement.,
Mr. STEVENSON". Qh, yes; thpgentle-
man seems ready to,deny any truth which m^y
be stated about these cases.
Mr. Speaker, in six of these parishes only
5 Republican votes were cast. Five votes in
six parishes and in two none. How does the
gentleman account fof that in his peaoeable
district? Does he deny that also? One of
those five men was killed the same day, and
another, an honest German gunsmith, was
taken by the Kuklux the night after and
whipped almost to death, Although he had
been persuaded by Democrats, who promised
him seenrity, to vote the Republican ticket,
in order to give an appearance of fairaeSfc to
their proceedings.
This exhibits the results. These clippings
from the map [holding them up] represent the
orderly and the riotous parts of the district.
That represents the eigfy parishes which were
controlled by violence, aad this the five peace-
able parishes. You see that the lawless region
twice as Urge as the peaceable. The Mis-
sissippi river bounds the peaceable parishes.
In that planting region the blacks were in a
majority of nearly two to one, and were able
to assert their rights 
.. Mr. MOORE, of .Illinois. Will the gentle-
man allo*y me to ask him a question?
lir- STEVENSON. Certainly, provided it
be short.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. As I understand,
the total number of registered voters in the
district was 23,113 ; the total vote polled was
20,216. How do you account for such a large
Vote being pplled if there was so much intimi-
dation ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Because jn the eight
contested parishes men were compelled to vote
the Democratic ticket; they were compelled
to join Democratic clubs; they were mustered
in ; their registration papers were taken from
them ; they were given protection papers, and
told that if the^ failed to vote the Democratic
ticket they woulcf be killed after the election
as well as before.
Mr. Speaker, when will the Republicans of
the North learn to defend the colored men of
the South? When will we begiu to stand by
them? 1 almost despair. And my advice to
them is to arm and defend themselves.
'•'Who would be free, themselves must strike the
blow."
We do not, we cannot xealisse their situation,
and therefore it is that we do not stand by
them, If wa would they would take courage
to meet their enemies. I trust we shall do
better hereafter. If ever the struggle comes
again' the Republican party must maintain the
loyal people; of the South, If we dp not we
shall not deserve that they .longer support us.
I have to remark, in answer to the attack of
the gentleman from Indiana on One of the wit-
nesses in this case, (Mr. Blackburn,) that you
might throw aside his testimony aud the case
Would not be affected the weight of a hair.
The e&tr^cts from his paper look as if be were
turning Democrat. You can find such articles
11 in every Democratic paper in the country,
|! And it is notorious that whenever a Republican
j: is caught in anything wraug aud condemned
;i by us, he bupdles up hi9 political truck and
|! goes oyer tothat side, where he finds "hale
j| fellows wpll met," and is \yelcomed, honored,
I1 and rtewarded.
.Mr. (KERR. The paper i? full of the warm-
est sort of Radicalism.
Mr. STEVENSON. But I fear he is falling
from grace. And I am inclined to say the
worse he becptpes the better you will esteem
him.
[Hera the h&fcmer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I ask leave before the vote is
taken to amend my resolution. I send it to the
desk in the shape in which I desire to offer it.
The Clerk read as.follows:
Ilstolved, That Qeorgo W. MffCraoie was duly
Elected Representative to the Forty-first Congress
)r the fifth congressional district of Louisiana at
the regular election held November 3.1868, and after
hi* disabilities shall have, been rqptoyod should be
admitted to his seat on this floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to that.
Mr. KERR. The resolution a* originally
offered -amoun ts tp the same thing.
The SPEAKER. A.s the previous qties-
tiqti is operatingj the gentleman cannot be per-
mitted to amend his resolution without unani:
mous consent.
The question was On agreeing to the reso-
lution offered by Mr. Ki&r a* a substitute for
the resolution offered by the as
follows (
Rttolotd. That Geert* W. MoOnffiie was duly
elected ReprMe*tative to the Forty-J^rst CQ s?resj
for the fLftu congressional district ot Louisiana at
the regular election held November 3,1S6S.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 44, noes 73.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas afid nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
