1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2129
because her bodily whereaboutsis of no earthly
consequence; her husband's inhabitancy draws
her inhabitancy after it.
Again, had General Ames been married and
the lather of children, being then in the city
of Washington, or the city of Indianapolis,
would those children have become inhabitants
of Mississippi in consequence of the intention
which their father formed?
Once more, would all his soldiers have be-
come inhabitants of Mississippi upon the same
terms? Suppose the lender of nominations
for different offices had been made to all of
them, and they had done precisely as General
Ames did, had each said alter hesitation, " I
consent to be a candidate,'1 and had said in
their minds, "If elected I shall cast, my lot
with the people.of Mississippi," who of these
•soldiers would have become inhabitants of
Mississippi ? Only those who were nominated
and eleeted,aud not those who failed ; orwould
all of them have been inhabitants upon facts
iil;e these ?
Once more, Mr. President, suppose ten
days before the election General Amos had
received an order from his military superior to
proceed somewhere else, would he then still
liave been an inhabitant of the State of Mis-
sissippi? Beyond all question, if the argument
be sound, llad Geni'ial Ames been riding in
a railway ear across the State of Ohio, there
as much as anywhere, in the language of the
German philosopher, he could "evolve out of
his own consciousness" a residence and vol-
untary domicile in Mississippi. And is it true
that if, as I have said, he had been ordered
■away the day before or the day after ho finally
yielded his consent, to become a candidate for
"the Senate, and had to this day been kept else-
where upon a military mission, that he would
have become, and remained, and been, never-
theless, an inhabitant, of the State of Missis-
sippi?
Mr. President, f have been asked where
was General Ames's residence. The ques-
tion hardly pertains to this discussion; but as
the answer is very brief, I bejj to make it.
Where was General Ames's residence eleven
days before the election—the time of forming
his intention, so far as it was formed, is fixed
by him about ten days before tho elect ion —the
day before that of what State, of what place,
was General Ames an inhabitant? If General
Amos had not consented t.o be a candidate for
the Senate, had simply remained at his post,
this particular transaction never having oc-
curred, where then would be General Ames's
residence and inhabitancy? Exactly there; pre-
cisely at that point; neither north nor south,
east nor west of it, was his residences on the
day when he was chosen to the Senate, if any
Senator will tell me where the residence was
the day before tho intention was formed I will
tell hitn wliero it was the day after. I have
little doubt where it was upon the facts dis-
closed, although it is not of the slightest ma-
teriality. The question hero is whether tho
old right of residence was quenched, whether
it was extinguished, whether it was lost, and a
new residence was established and gained.
That is the question.
Mr. President, if the committee be wrong in
its conclusion, and in tho argument leading to
that conclusion, no member of tho committee
will regret to be so convinced. But it must
be not by a refinement upon sophistry ; it must
be not by niceties so extreme, if not so extrava-
gant. that their fellows caunotbe found recorded
in judicial or legislative judgments. It must
not be by supposing some question foreign to
the inquiry and then discussing that.
The peculiarity of the credential in this case
struck my acute friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] when it was read; but the committee
waived all consideration of the credential to
come to tho more substantial question. Wo
cannot shut our eyes, however, to tho anomaly
of the whole proceeding. The sound is strange
as the Secretary reads : "Brigadier General
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—JSTo. 18-1.
Adelbert Ames certifies that Brigadier General
Adelbert Ames is entitled by election to a seat
in the Senate of the United States." This need
not be, and yet General Ames may be seated
here presently. He, can and should be reelected
before being seated.
He has now disposed in his own mind, and
by his own act, of the whole question ; having
divested himself of his military character, he
stands in his own right, and so standing ho
has determined, as he assured the committee,
and no doubt need bo entertained of it, to
take up his residence and become an inhabit-
ant, absolutely in the State of Mississippi.
Following this we have the assurance that with
alacrity, with unanimity, he will be returned.
This solves the practical and personal part
of the matter. Let tho Senate dispose of its
part of the case according to law and right and
all will be well, with hardship to none.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. JiiCE. If tho Senator from Wisconsin
will give way for a few moments, I wish to make
a statement from the minority of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. I did not rise for the purpose
of debating this question, and I shall yield in
a few minutes. 'The Senator from New York
has, unwittingly to himself, I tliiuk, (though
he larcly does anything unwittingly,) made me
play a part in this discussion which 1 do not
mean to play, lie has already in a manner
adduced me as awitness in support of his argu-
ment. I am not willing to testily to tho cor-
rectness of that argument, although 1 have list-
ened to it with a great deal of pleasure and
with a great deal of instruction upon some
points. He was quite right in matter of fact
when he said that the peculiar form of tho cre-
dentials read at the desk attracted my atten-
tion.
They did so ; but I am hound to say in that
connection that 1 do not think there is anything
in the peculiar form of these credentials open
to criticism, of which can ho taken advantage
of by the opponents of the claimant here. We
all know that the Governor of a State can be
elected to the Seiialr, and in some Stales might
be required, ami 1 do not know but that in all
the Slates he might be obliged to sign his own
credentials. It, seems to have been regarded,
not only in Mississippi, but by tho Committee
on the Judiciary, that General Ames occupied
a particular office which required him to eer-
ttly to the election of a member of the Senate ;
and he seemed to be satisfied, and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary do not differ with him
on that point, that the Legislature had elected
him. And so, as he felt he was compelled to
do it, he certified the fact of that election. The
Committee on tho Judiciary could take issue
with luni upon either or both of these points
if they had seen tit to do so. They do not, and
so the credentials are read in that form which
attracted^ my attention, and upon which the
Senator from New York has commented. This
is t,he only explanation I wish to make.
Mr. KICK Mr. President, having dissented
from tho majority of the committee in their
report in this easo, and no other member of
tho committee having expressed his dissent, and
therefore not knowing that any other member
will express my views, I feel it my duty to give
the reasons why I came to a different conclu-
sion from the majority of tho committee.
The first question to be determined, and it is
tho question that has been mainly argued (his
morning, is whether a man in tho military ser-
vice can gain a residence different from that
which lie held when lie went into that service,
or whether, being without any residence what-
ever, it, is in his power while in the military
service to gain one? That question in this
country, it seems to me, should he tried by a
rule that is in harmony with the institutions of
our country. I do not know and I do not
believe that we have any institutions or any
rules in this country that prevent any citizen
of the United States, no matter in what calling
he may be engaged, from gaining a residence
wherever and whenever he desires to do so.
Whatever rule may have been adopted in other
countries, I cannot see that it is necessarily
applicable to this country. This is a Govern-
ment of the people. This is a Government in
which the soldiers are a part of the governors
as well as anybody else. They are citizens as
well as soldiers. They do not lose any portion
of their citizenship by being soldiers. They do
not lose their residence or any right they may
have as residents or citizens that they would
have if they were not soldiers, except such as
are inconsistent with their duty as soldiers. _
Whatever right they have as citizens which
would be inconsistent with their duty as sol-
diers, that right they yield when they go into
the Army, and no other. The right of citizen-
ship itself is not one of these. And I may say
here that I am not going to stand upon this
word "inhabitancy." 1 am willing to give it
a broader sense than is even contended for ; I
am willing to give it the broad sense of citizen-
ship itself, and to say that General Ames was
required to be a citizen of the State of Missis-
sippi before he could be eligible to the office
of Senator; and upon that basis I make my
statement of this case. How, then, could he
establish himself as a citizen of the State of
Mississippi? Was there anything in doing that
which was inconsistent with his duty as a sol-
dier? Is the fixing of a man's residence, the
fixing of his place of future abode, inconsistent
with his duty as a soldier? Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
allow me one moment, ?
Mr. KICE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the Sen-
ator that I must have been unfortunate in
stating the position which I hold in this respect.
I have not contended, nor do I insist at all,
that a man because in the military service can-
not acquire a new residence when he pleases
and where he pleases. I know there are au-
thorities saying that; but I do not say it; on
tho contrary, 1 insist that it does not in any
way belong to this case. The two positions
which I hold I can state in a single moment if
the honorable Senator will allow me to do so.
First, I hold that every person has an in-
habitancy somewhere. Every citizen of the
Republic has a residence somewhere. There-
fore I do not argue the case whether a man
who has no residence at all can gain one. His
original residence attends him, no matter how
far he wanders in foreign lands, nor how long
his rambles may be, until he puts an end to it
and establishes another.
Second, I maintain that a man in the mili-
tary service does not establish a residence by
obeying an order which takes him from one
place to another and by remaining under or-
ders in that place. In order in such circum-
stances to establish a residence two things
must concur : first, he must do some aet or acts
independent of the mere fact that he remains
in the place to which he has been ordered;
and second, be must do those acts with the
intention on his part, not nebulous, not half
formed, not floating, not non-existing, but
with the intention absolute on his part to be-
come and remain a resident, aud I argued to
show that both of those elements were absent
in this ease; that although General Ames
might have put an end to his former residence
and established a new one he had not done it,
first,, because the fact was absent, and second,
because the intention as far as it existed was
merely contingent, and therefore incomplete.
Mr. RICE, I did not misunderstand the
Senator from New York ; but I was stating my
views of this matter from my own stand-point
and not responding to his argument. I hold
this doctrine, as I stated, to be true, that a
military man can gain a new residence ; that
he can change his residence. The Senator
says he does not deny that; but he claims that
it has not been done in this ease. There must
be some way in which a military man can do
