1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
Decline of American Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
HOT SPRINGS RESERVATION, ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous
consent. Senate bill No. 95, in relation to the
Hot Springs reservation, in Arkansas, which :
had been referred to the' Committee on the
Public Lands, was ordered to be printed.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the House a copy of the
last report of General G. M. Dodge as chief engineer
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
rrBLIC BUILDINGS AT PADUCAII, KENTUCKY.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
flenolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to take into considera-
tion the erection of a suitable building at Paducah,
Kentucky, for the accommodation of the United
States courts, post office, internal revenue, customs,
and other offices of the Government located in that
city, and to report to this House his views in regard
thereto, with such recommendations as he may deem
proper, together with estimates of the cost of the
building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I deem it my duty
to object to all such resolutions.
SUTRO TUNNEL.
Mr. FITCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1179) explanatory of
the act of July 25, 1866, relating to the Sutro
tunnel; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
NEW YORK WAR CLAIM.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent lo
submit the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas the corporation of the city of New York
disbursed in the year 1861 nearly one million dollars
under the direction of the " Union Defense Commit-
tee," of which Hon. Hamilton Fish and Hon. John
A. Dix were respectively chairmen, for the outfit
of troops, which were used by the General Govern-
ment in its war for the maintenance of the Union;
and whereas no portion of this sum has been refunded:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to include in any appropriation bill not
yet reported any amount which may be found due
said corporation of the city of New York on said
account, after a proper examination by the Treasury
Department or by the committee into the subject.
Mr. CULLOM. The State of Illinois also
has large war claims, and I object unless they
shall all be provided for together.
Mr. WOOD. Does the gentleman object to
the consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. CULLOM. I object to its being con-
sidered.
Mr. WOOD. Then I shall demand the reg-
ular order of business, and shall object to
everything until we have the regular order.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IMPRISONED ABROAD.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the following resolution, reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
President of the United States be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at
this time confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of such prisoners which he may
feel at liberty to communicate.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] who re-
ported this resolution, but I do not see him in
bis seat, at what time it is proposed to call a
vote on this resolution. It has occupied the
morning hour for three or four days already, to
the exclusion of reports from the other stand-
ing committees. I think he ought to call the
previous question to-day or to allow some one
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 75.
else to do it. I do not wish to interfere with
other people's business, but I feel it to be my
duty to suggest to the gentleman from Mary-
land that it is due to the public business now
pressing upon our attention, either to postpone
the further consideration of this resolution or
to call the previous question and bring the
House to a vote on it to-day. I do not like
to do it; but I may be compelled myself to
demand the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. If this comes out of my time
I object to any further discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] is entitled to the floor, and
has fifty minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the question
before the House is on the adoption of the
following resolution, reported unanimously by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
President of the United States bo requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at
this time confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of such prisoners which he may
feel at liberty to communicate.
This resolution is accompanied by a report
prepared with care, being exceedingly temper-
ate and dignified. It was opposed by the gen-
tleman from Vermont in an elaborate speech,
in which he ostensibly takes exception to the
report, but which, in fact, leaves no doubt as
to his hostility to the whole subject. He see3
in this proceeding an improper interference in
the affairs of Great Britain, and apprehends
unpleasant results in consequence, and is espe-
cially opposed to it because it emanates, he
thinks, from Fenianism, to which he is espe-
cially and bitterly hostile. The tenor ot his
remarks, which were all of this character, leaves
a painful impression, and,like the political party
to which he is attached and the section of the
country from which he comes, is intolerant,
unprogressive, fanatical, and puritanical. It
is the spirit that persecutes all others who en- ;
tertain religious and political sentiments differ- j
ent from their own, and which unhappily has :
recently been impressed upon the legislation <
of the country. Therefore, the gentleman from
Vermont does Hot represent himself alone in
what he has said upon this question. The opin-
ions he utters are those of a party and a sec-
tion of the country, and, itistobe apprehended,
of the Administration itself. His position thus
becomes important, and I propose to examine
it. I quote from his remarks as printed in the
Congressional Globe. He said, in speaking
of the Irish Americans now confined and who
have been heretofore confined in British pris-
ons, that they were there—
"If there at at all, because they had violated the
laws of Great Britain, and have attempted to divide
that kingdom."
Again, in speaking of the organized societies
of Irishmen in this country for the purpose of
expressing sympathy with and affording aid to
the struggling patriots of Ireland, that it was
to be feared that they—
" Might'possibly give just reason and just cause
of offense to a friendly Power against which that
organization was set on foot."
This, sir, is the language of the gentleman.
I propose to examine briefly these grounds,
and to ascertain whether they are well-founded.
First, as to the statement that if there be any
American prisoners confined in British pris-
ons they are there in consequence of having
violated the laws of England, and for having
attempted to divide that kingdom. That there
are Americans who are now held as political
prisoners in England and Ireland is beyond
question. The gentleman was not justified in
the doubt implied by his remarks. He is a
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and knows that the Secretary of State informed
a member of the committee who was charged
with the duty of obtaining information that
there are at least twelve Americans now held
as political prisoners in Ireland, and that the
Department has official knowledge of the fact.
Therefore, it was not in keeping with entire
candor for the gentleman to express a doubt
upon the subject.
He is equally at fault in his assumption that
these persons are held prisoners in consequence
of an attempt to violate the laws of Great Brit-
ain, and of endeavoring to divide that kingdom.
The British doctrine has been, that once an
Englishman always an Englishman ; and that,
per consequence, its citizens are subject to
English laws, whether on foreign or British
soil. This has been the position and the ground
taken by that Government, as well as by most
of the other Governments of Europe, until very
lately. And it is now admitted that in England
many Americans who have been confined there
were held for no other offense than for having
sympathised with the Fenian cause in this
country, and upon a mere suspicion that they
were in Ireland for hostile intent. Our own
records show this fact, and the failure to con-
vict when the cases were submitted to a proper
legal investigation shows it. The State Depart-
ment contains many proofs of the truth of this
statement; and the prompt release of all the
Americans held there as political prisoners two
years ago simultaneously with the abandonment
by England of that absurd doctrine is addi-
tional evidence, if any were required.
This portion of our diplomatic history is one
of the most interesting in our annals. Indeed,
I held it to be one of the highest achievements
of modern diplomacy, that which the United
States performed in obtaining from nearly all
of the nations of Europe an abandonment of
their ancient dogma of the perpetual respons-
ibility of their native citizens, notwithstanding
emigration and self-expatriation. To have suc-
ceeded in inducing the principal Governments
of the world to relinquish a right upon which
they had always stood and firmly maintained
was an accomplishment in diplomacy of the
very highest character, and of the very greatest
importance and advantage to theUnited States,
in view of the enormous emigration from those
countries. It is due to the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, General Banks,the present
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
to say that he took a very decided stand in this
matter, being the author of the law of July,
1868, which declares the policy of the United
States in the premises, and which defines the
right of American citizens in foreign countries.
W ith this law as authority the last Administra-
tion acted with energy and decision in effect-
ing the release of all the Americans then held
as political prisoners in Ireland. And treaties
were made and ratified with England and
other nations which recognize these principles.
Those with England and the German confed-
eration, which are of the most interest to this
country, explicitly declare that the citizens
of each country may reciprocally emigrate, and
that naturalization after five years changes
nationality and rel eases from military duty.
In the treaty with England, indefeasible alle-
giance is expressly renounced. But though
these principles have been internationally set-
tled by the two Governments, yet occasional
arrests have been since made, and great hard-
ships ensue before release can be effected,
doubtless owing to the delay in obtaining the
action of the Government. We have had sev-
eral such cases lately, and, as I before said,
it is known that at this time there are several
such cases awaiting the slow process of ofnciai
action. It is also as well known that the Brit-
ish police system in Ireland is one of the worst
in the world ; that it is so unjust in its sam-
j mary arrest and incarceration of Irish-Amer-
: icans, upon mere suspicion of hostility to the
! Government, that no man of Irish birth from
i the United States is secure for one hour after
i his arrival there. Native Americans have been,
i and still are, to some extent, subjected to this
| humiliating outrage. Upon my arrival at
I Queenstown two years ago, my luggage was
