3074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 104, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arch r, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks, Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Dickinson, Dockery. Dox,
Eldridge, I'arnsworth, Fox, Getz, Grriswold. llaight,
Hambleton. Hamill.-Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mayham, McCormiek, Mc-
Kenzie,McNeely,Milnes, Morgan,Niblack, Randall,
Rice, Shcrrod, Shober, Josephs. Smith,Stiles,Stone,
S trader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Aukon, !
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, ,
Wood, and Woodward—53.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm- j
strong, Arneil, Asper, Atwood.Ayer, Barry, Beaman, ]
Beatty.Benjamin,Bennett,Blair,GeorgeM.Brooks, i
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burcnard, Cake, Cessna, 1
Churchill, William T. Clark, Awasa Cobb, Cook,
Coyode, Cowles, Cullom, Dcgener, Ferrin, Ferry, 1
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Harris, Hawley, Ileflin, Hill.
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrence, Logan,
Lynch. May nard, McCarthy. McCrary. McGrew, Mc-
Kee, Mercur, XSliakim 11. Moore, William Moore,
JMorphis, Daniel J. Morrcll, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prosser, Boots. .
Sanford, bargent, Schenck, Scofiel4«Shanks, Lionel
A.Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A: Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Taffe. Tanner,Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, ,
Upson, Ward. Wheeler, Williams, John T. Wilson, ;
Winans, and Witcher—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Bailey, Banks,
Barnum, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd,
Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Sidney Clarke, Coburn. Oonger, Crebs, Davis,
awes. Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Fitch, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillau. Haldeman, Hale, |
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Hotchkiss, :
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Latlin, Lash, \
Lough ridge, Marshall, Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, :
Mungcn, Orth, Packer, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy,
Potter, Reeves, Ridgway. Rogers, Sawyer, Schu-
maker, Slocum, Worthington 0. Smith, Taylor. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Wash burn. Will iaui
B. Washburn, Welker. Whitmore. Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, and Winchester—70.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROGERSannounced that he had paired
upon this question with Mr. Butler, of Ten-
d6ss66>
Mr. McNEELY stated that Mr. Marshall
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. GETZ stated that Mr. Haldeman was
paired on this question,with Mr. Dickey ; Mr.
Haldeman would have voted '/ay" and Mr.
Dickey "no." . ,
Mr. WINCHESTER stated that he was
paired with Mr. Dyer. He (Mr. Winchester)
would have voted "ay" and Mr. Dyer "no."
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced,
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was rejected ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
following resolution, reported by the Commit-
tee of Elections:
Iletofaed, That there was no lawful election in the
fifth congressional district of the State of Louisiana
for Representative in the Forty-First Congress, and
neither G. W. MoCranie nor Frank Morey nor P. J.
Kennedy is entitled to a seat as Representative in
the Forty-First Congress from the fifth congressional
district of the State of Loaisiana.
Mr. CESSNA moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Beatty
for ten days; to Mr. Bingham for four days;
to Mr. Welker for two days; to Mr. Twichell,
on account of sickness in his family, for one
week from this afternoon; to Mr. Woodward
for ten days; and to Mr. Cook until Saturday.
atchison, topeka, and santa fb railroad.
Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1888) relative to the ii
Atehison, Topeka, and Santa F6 Railroad
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the'Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
navigation and commercial interests.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1889) to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the select Committee
on the Causes of the Reduction of American
Tonnage, and ordered to be printed.
washington and cincinnati railroad.
On motion of Mr. CONGER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Commerce was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 178) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Cincinnati National Railroad and
Telegraph Com pany; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill and joint res-
olutions of the House of the following titles:
•An act (H. R. No. 945) to provide for the
survey of the Port Gratiot military reservation
in the State of Michigan ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 125) for the re-
lief of James L. Ridgelv, collector of internal
revenueforthe second district of Mary land ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) for the
relief of George 8. Atkinson, late assistant
quartermaster of volunteers.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bill (H. R. No. 1413)
for the relief of Sophia A. Moen, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message farther announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of
their own, of th« following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 708) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, custom-house,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Albany, New York;
An act (S. No. 688) for the reiief of Charles
P. Redmond; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) directing
the Secretary of War to sell Bergen Heights ,
arsenal. '
beacon light n0kwalk island. :
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent.,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. Ho. 272)
for an appropriation of $1,000 for a beacon
or spindle light near Norwalk Island, Con- ,
necticut; which was read a first and second j
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro- ,
priations.
isaac h. christian.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro- |
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1890) to remove legal
and political disabilities from Isaac H. Chris-
tian, of Charles City county, Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
order of business.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order of business. j
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
votes by which, bills and joint resolutions have
been referred or recommitted; and I also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. t
* The latter motion was agreed to. |
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to move now that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
special order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 desire to move that the 1
House now proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. I wish to call the
attention of gentlemop to the condition of the
public business. I am sure the gentleman from ;
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will allow me to do so,
or I shall have to appeal to the Speaker to
state it. I understand that there are now on
the Speaker's table more than one hundred
and fifteen bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. RANDALL. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 hope that motion
will be agreed to; for it must be evident to all
that we must go to the Speaker's table before
we dispose of the tariff bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Or enlarge the table;
one or the other. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it iti order
to move an amendment to the motion to pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
amend the motion so that if the House shall
proceed to the consideration of business upon
the Speaker's table only those bills, &c., shall
be considered to which there shall be no ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken upon the
motion of Mr. fngersoll to proceed to the
consideration of business upon the Speaker's
table; and upon a division there were ayes—
68, noes 69.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported lhat there were ayes—65, noes 73.
So the motion was not agreed to.
leaves of absence.
Mr. KELLOGG was granted leave of ab*
sence for one week.
Mr. CALKIN obtained an additional leave
of absence for two days.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I renew my motion
to go into Committee of the Whole I desire to
say that I find a very general unwillingness to
have night sessions. I will not ask one to- night
if members will remaiu here until five o'clock.
Mr. INGERSOLL. We will agree to that.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would rather remain here
until six o'clock than to have a night session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate on
the pending paragraph shall terminate in fifteen
minutes after the consideration of the special
order shall have been again resumed in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend so as to
make it half an hour. I think that is little
enough time to discuss so important a sub-
ject.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will modify my
motion so as to allow half an hour for further
debate, and hope the gentleman will keep quiet
on other paragraphs. [Laughter.]
The motion to terminate debate in half an
hour was then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
