1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4968
the position, that in the first place has fixed
the 15th of July as the time for the final ad-
journment of this session, and have got the
House into a corner, where it can say to us,
" If you get any redistribution of the currency
at all you must take it at the price of a con-
traction to the extent of $18,000,000." Other
gentleman may go into an arrangement of that
kind ; but, so help me God, I never will.
There is another mistake which these gen-
tlemen have made in saying that we cannot do
anything in the Senate. How do they know
that we cannot do anything in the Senate?
How does that question come up? What have
they done in the Senate? What is the history
of these currency measures there? Every time
that body has voted on this question it has
voted for an increase of this bank currency to
the extent of $52,000,000. The gentleman
cannot show me any yea and nay vote of the
Senate in favor of the §45,000,000 proposition.
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Ga.ii-
field, of Ohio] has reiterated time and again
that the Senate has by a large majority decided
against that view of the case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I stated in my
speech——
Mr. COBURN. I was just about to read
from the gentleman's speech. He said:
"When it was found that the Senate would not
authorize the $95,000,000 provided by the House bill
it was suggested by one of the Iloube conferees that
there should bo an issue of iifty-tliree, fitty-four, or
tifty-tive million dollars as against the S43,000,000 of
three per cent, certificates to bo redeemed. We were
answered that tha.t very proposition hatl betn sub-
mitted, debated, and voted down ill the Senate by a
decisive vote."
I say that this statement is not true; that
the proposition has never been "voted down
in the Senate by a decisive vote." On the
contrary, it was voted up by a decisive vote on
two several occasions. I refer the gentleman
to the Globe in proof of what I say.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Where is that
proposition now?
Mr. COBURN. I will tell the gentleman
where it is, where it is now. He need not be
in a hurry about that matter. The first occa-
sion on which it was voted through the Senate
was the 1st day of February, the vote being
39 t.o 21. Does that satisfy the gentleman?
Does that look as if the proposition had been
"voted down" in the Senate? There was an
amendment offered by Senator Morton, with
a §52,000,000 proviso, which also passed that
day. On the next day, the 2d of February, he
came into the Senate, and on his own motion
he withdrew the $52,000,000 proviso, and
reduced the amount of bank expansion to
$45,000,000. But there was never a con-
tested vote of the Senate on any proposition
of that kind. I have here the record of the
Globe; and if the gentleman wants to read it
he can do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What I stated
and what the gentleman has read was what
was said in the conference by the Senate
conferees.
Mr. COBURN. Then the gentleman now
withdraws what he said yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 do not with-
draw anything. I stand by the record.
Mr. COBURN. I am referring to what the
gentleman said yesterday ; but I can, if neces
sary, refer to his other speeches. The gentle-
man has not represented the position of the
Senate in this matter as I understand it to
have been. I maintain that the Senate is not
in opposition to the principles which the major-
ity of this House advocate.
The gentleman says that when he went into
the committee of conference he was in favor
of §95,000,000 of additional issue. This is as
much as to say that he was in favor of $95,000,-
000 of expansion. I never knew there was
$95,000,000 of expansion in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I never said
that there was.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman said he was
in favor of an additional issue of $95,000,000.
That remark was calculated to make this House
believe that he favored, in accordance with the
instructions of this House, as he understood
them, an expansion of $95,000,000. There is
nothing of that kind in the bill. No one can
figure up more than $30,000,000 of expansion
in the bill. Henry Clews, of New York, a
famous banker and a good calculator, says that
there is not more than $2,000,000 of expan-
sion in the bill.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. As amended by the
House.
Mr. COBURN. By the calculation which
I have made—and I have calculated as closely
as I could, allowing everything besides legal
tenders for the reserve that can be used by
the banks—I cannot find a dime more than
§12,000,000 of expansion. Yet the gentleman
from Ohio has. itseems, grown into a $95,000,-
000 expansionist. We did not ask him or any-
body else to urge the Senate to expand the
currency to the extent of $95,000,000. But
the Senate has twice voted to increase the bank-
ing currency to the extent of §52,000,000, and
it will do it again, I believe, upou a presenta-
tion of these questions.
What I say in reference to this matter is not
to charge the gentleman from Ohio with any
unfairness, or the members of the committee
with any unfairness or with the slightest wrong
intention ; but, sir, from the stand-point which
the gentleman occupies, he could not do any-
thing else than what he did. 1 do not blame
him for doing it, because he has always hon-
estly and manfully avowed that the contraction
of the currency was what this country needed
above all other things for its financial ills. Ilis
position has not been an equivocal one in this
matter.
Now, hir, I say the gentleman from Ohio
made a mistake if he represented to the Sen-
ate, or to that committee, that we wanted any-
thing like $95,000,000 of expansion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is noth-
ing which authorizes the gentleman to say
that 1 told the Senate that the House wanted
$95,000,000 of expansion. I simply repre-
sented that the House wanted its own bill,
which bill provided for $95,000,000.
Mr. COBURN. I refer to the gentleman's
speech in the Globe.
Mr. Speaker, I wish next to call the atten-
tion of the House to what the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Jones] said in relation to the
Senate. He seemed to be led away by this
idea; that some Senators, or some one in that
body gave him an idea of this kind. He stated
yesterday:
" From wha t was said to us by the conferees on the
part of the Senate I wat, convinced we could get
nothing botter from the Senate than that proposed
in the Senate bill. As the gentleman from Ohio has
stated, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,.Hhc |
chairman of the Oominittco on Xunanoe 111 the Sen-
ate, X understood to say that the Senate had passed a
resolution unanimously against any increase of cir-
culation whatever."
There is no material increase of currency
in this bill as I understand it. As I stated
awhile ago, but perhaps the House did not
then understand what 1 said, the bill as it went
to the Senate had very little expansion in it;
and had the amendment I offered to authorize
the issue of $44,000,000 of legal tenders, as a
substitute for the three per cent, reserves,
been adopted, and then had nothing else been
used but legal tenders for reserves, amounting
as they do to three fifths of the amount of cir-
culation,then the circulation would be increased
in point of fact but about twelve million dol-
lars. As it is now something over twenty-five
per cent, of the amount of circulation is used
in legal-tender reserves.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask liira another question ?
Mr. COBURN. I yield for a question, but
I have very little time left. How much time
have I remaining?
TheSPEAKBR/>ro<e y;o?-e, (Mr. Sargent.)
The gentleman has four minutes.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. 1 wish to ask the
Nothing more than I have
gentleman if he knows anything contrary to the
statement I made there.
Mr. COBURN.
stated.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
said a little while ago that "the committee had
attempted to misrepresent the feeling of the
Senate. I ask him how he makes that out?
Mr. COBURN. I said nothing of the kind.
I am only construing the debate as I find it in
the Globe. I have disavowed the intention of
making any attacks personally on the gentle-
men who represented the House on the confer-
ence committee. These gentlemen are rny per-
sonal friends. But it is a question for the
House to say whether this thing has been put
before them in such a shape that they will be
ready to adopt it, or whether they will resume
charge of t.his matter, and let their proposi-
tions go agaiu as a matter of conference to a
committee.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Jones] is just as much mistaken on the sub-
ject of expansion. In reply to a question
asked liini by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Inoeksoll,] he said:
"I understand that this will increase the currency
not quite to the amount of $15,000,000, but to a very
considerable extent."
Why, sir, what is the effect of this bill ?
You withdraw $45,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates. That withdrawal will bury as
bank reserves $45,000,000 of greenbacks, and
you only issue in their place $45,000,000 of
bank notes; but to get out these you bury
$9,000,000 more ofgreenbacks. Therefore you
bury $54,000,000 of greenbacks, and get, as
the result of this expansion, an additional
$45,000,000 of national bank notes. If you can
make expansion out of that I am curious to
know by what process you would accomplish
it. The gentleman from Kentucky has also
made a miscalculation as to the amount of
reserves to be kept in the banks on account
of the deposits to be made with them. The
amount so required is as great as the amount
required on account of the circulation. I say,
therefore, that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Jones] is totally mistaken as to the basis
upon which he and his colleagues have made
this report.
Now, the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Siiuldon] is just as badly mistaken on the sub-
ject of redistribution. What I have already
said in relation to the proviso, which will really
prevent the distribution, applies also to the
statement of the gentleman from Louisiana.
The gentleman is also mistaken in regard to
the position of the Senate. He says:
" X suppose if the Senate should send to us a propo-
sition to contract the currency we could defeat the
Senate. We send to tho Senate a proposition to
expand the currency, and they can defeat us."
I say that the $45,000,000 bill which the
Senate sent us on the 2d of February, 1870,
is almost word for word this very bill, with the
gold-note clause in it, and that everybody on
the examination of that bill held it to be a
measure of coniraction. I say, then, to the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] that
the Senate have sent to us a measure of con-
traction, and you are calling upon the House
to indorse it. Have not the Senate just as
firmly declared against contraction as expan-
sion? How shall we judge that body?
A word as to the provision authorizing the
issuing of gold notes. If it goes into effect it
will take every dollar of coin from the Treas-
ury at the beck of sharpers and speculators.
The notes are to be issued on a basis of bonds,
and only twenty-five per cent, of the amount
of circulation is to be kept in gold coin as a
reserve. A large and sudden expansion may
ensue, a flood of gold notes go out, then a rise
in the price of gold breaks the banks; con-
traction, derangement of business, and bank-
ruptcy follow. An enlargement of circulation,
then a collapse, with all the evils of contrac-
tion.
The bill would be better with the simple sec-
