1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
States circuit court is complete from the fact
of the change of domicile itself.
General Ames's motive in becoming a citizen
of the State of Mississippi lias nothing to do
with the case. The propriety of his becoming
such citizen or becoming a candidate for the
Senate has nothing to do with this case. The
question is, did ho become such citizen? and
if he did. that determines the whole matter.
The question of a military man becoming a
candidate for office is no new question in this
country as a matter of propriety. We have all
seen it in our own time, and not long ago. We
did not hear anybody discoursing against the
propriety of the present President of the United
States being a candidate for that office, because
at that time he was a member of the Army of
the United States and at the head of the Army.
No one held that there was any impropriety in
his being a candidate for the Presidency. No
one held that because General Grant had the
control of the southern States as General of
the Army, because he had control over their
elections, and although those States might have
a decisive voice in his election, on that account
he ought not to be the candidate of the Repub-
lican party. I did not hear any Republican
declaim against the propriety of that. L pre-
sume 110 one else did. I here is no impropriety
in it. There ia no impropriety in a man 111 any
vocation seeking promotion in any avenue in
this country. Every man, whatever his station,
whatever his pursuit may be, has a right to seek
all political preferments that any other man
has.
Some States, I know, formerly, and it may
be so at the present day, seemed to think that
when a man entered the service of his Maker
as a minister of the Gospel ho ou^ht to be
debarred from the privileges of civil life in the
political lino ; and they passed laws making a
minister ineligible to office : but that doctrine
is now thoroughly exploded, whother the laws
all are or not. The general doctrine in this
country is now that we are all citizens alike,
without regard to our avocations, and that all
citizens oi honesty and good behavior have
before them the same roads to preferment. No
difference whether a man is in the Army or in
the Navy, whether ho ia a lawyer or a doctor,
or a preacher, the road is open to all alike.
Any other doctriue in this country would not
be sanctioned by the people. Hence I say
the question of the propriety of General Ames's
action is not involved, and he has as much right
to come hero with the credentials of a Senator
as any other man who may bo elected by the
Legislature of a State.
Having these views I came to a conclusion
directly the reverse of that of the majority of
the committee, and I hope, without any polit-
ical feeling on the subject on account of ihe
politics of the applicant, or without any undue
feeling in any direction, this question will bo
decided by the Senate according to the law of
the caso
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have a
word to say upon this question, and will en-
deavor to be as brief as the nature of the ques-
tion will permit. The judiciary Committee
have reported to the Senate that General A mus
is not eligible to a seat in this body; and as a
reason for that conclusion they furnish us with
a report of the facts in the case, as presented
to that committee. The report states that the
presence of General Ames in these two char-
acters, that of Governor and of military com-
mander, " comprises everything bearing upon
the question of his residence in Mississippi
down to the time when he became a candidate
for the Senate. The precise date cannot be
fixed "—
The preciso date of what?
Mr. CONKLING. Of what follows.
Mr. HOWARD. What follows is this:
"But not long before tho election General Ames
determined to allow his name to bo submitted to the
Legislature as ono of those from whieh the choice of
Senators might bo made."
The precise date referred to here, then, is
the date at which he consented to become a
candidate. Do I understand it correctly?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I must take the liberty of
saying here that I regret very much that the
honorable Senator from New York, who drew
this report, should have bestowed so little time
upon its preparation. It is a subject that ought
to have engaged his careful attention in his
private study ; and I think before I get through
I shall satisfy even him that it would have been
better for the Senate and better for the case if
the committee had furnished to the Senate the
whole of the evidence that was presented to
them, pro and con. The report proceeds :
" Having reached this determination"—
That is, to become a candidate—
"and in connection with it General Ames declared,
as iar as lie did declare it, his intention m regard to
Iiis future residence."
So far, then, as General Ames has declared
his intention as to his future residence, that
declaration is found in this report, is it?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh no, sir. Thatdeclara-
tion was in connection with his becoming a
candidate. The report does not state that it
is all there, becausc the facts would not war-
rant it in so stating.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. Tho report con-
tinues:
"Ilis lanptuaKO, as delivered to tho committee,
touching his declarations and acts, ia as follows."
Now follows the language of General Ames
as given to the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, that is language extracted from
a written statement made by General Ames
and signed by him, which I have. The other
language whieh I stated was delivered orally.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the extract from his
testimony, which I am about to read, is taken
from tho manuscript which he signed in the
committce-room.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; a letter which
he addressed to us.
Mr. HOW A 111). Very well. This is the
language of Ueneral Ames, as quoted in the
report:
"Upon the succors of tho liopublican tioket in
Mississippi i was repeatedly approachcd to become
a candidate for tho linked States Sena to. For a long
time I declined. I wrote letters declining. Anum-
ber of persons in Mississippi visited this city to find
arguments by which 1 might bo inlluonceil to be-
come a candidate. I hesitated because it would
necessitate the abandonment of mywholo military
lifo. Finally, for persona! and public reasons, I de-
cided to becouio a candidate and leave tho Army."
Mark the language; I desire the attention
of Senators to the language which General
Amos uses :
" I decided to bccomo a candidato and leave the
Army."
_ A thing which he was at liberty to do at any
ti me.
" My intontiona wero publicly declared and sin-
cere."
That is, his intention to become a candidate
and to leave the Army ; both those things were
publicly and sincerely declared, as he testifies.
Then the committee add in a note the follow-
ing, which was tho subject of a good deal of
commcnt by the learned Senator from New
York, who expended so much time upon what
I regard as a sort of demurrer to the evidence
in this case:
"Tho intentions thus declared were not only to
become a candidato for the Senate, but to remain
and reside* in Mississippi."
The committee state this in a note in an un-
qualified manner, showing the Senate that the
construction which the committee placed upon
this evidence or this statement of General
Ames, was that he had determined absolutely
and unconditionally, not only to become a can-
didate, but to remain in Mississippi; that is to
say, to make Mississippi his home, his habit-
aucy, his domicile, his residence ; for no other
meaning can be applied to such words, I was
somewhat surprised to hear the Senator from
New York, in commenting upon this clausem
his own report, undertake to give it a meaning
which it does not upon its face bear. The hon-
orable Senator knows as well as I that the lan-
guage used here is absolute and unconditional,
and that such was General Ames s absolute
and unconditional intention.
Notwithstanding the language used m the re-
port, the honorable Senator brings before the
Senate a manuscript statement of vvhat was said
before the Judiciary Committee, in the hand-
writing of the Senator Itom Vermont, liom
which the Senator from New York now infers
that this intention thus unequivocally and un-
conditionally set forth in the report was noth-
ing after all but a conditional intention, contin-
gentsolelyupontlie factof Ames beingelected
to the Senate; thus doing away with and contra-
dicting the very report which the honorable
Senator from New York presents to Uie Sen-
ate—the report being that his intention was
absoluteand unequivocal; andtheinterpolation,
if I may apply such a term to it, being that the
purpose was contingent and uncertain. I must
hold the Senator from New York and the other
members of the committee who participated in
this report to the terms of the report; and I do
not feel like suffering them to shuffle out or
evade a conclusion of fact which they have thus
plainly and clearly stated to the Senate; which
is, that Ames's purpose was, unconditionally,
to remain in the State of Mississippi. I prefer
the report to the interpolation ; and I take it
for granted that in making it the Senator from
New York simply stated in plain terms the
conclusion to which his committee had arrived,
touching the question of Ames's actual inten-
tion to remain, ornot to remain, in the State
of Mississippi. He did intend to remain ; and
in this 1 am corroborated by the statement
of the honorable Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rioe,] who says that there was evidence in
abundance before the committee, of which he
himself is a member, showing this positive and
unequivocal intention of General Ames to re-
main in Mississippi. It seems not to have been
with that committee a questionas to his pur-
pose of remaining in Mississippi.
I do not think, Mr. President, we are spend-
ing our time very profitably in engaging in a
long debate upon a question which, to my mind,
is so simple and clear as is this. It is true that
the Constitution says that a Senator of the
United States must be an inhabitant of the
State for whieh he is chosen at the time he is
chosen. No one doubts that, for the instru-
ment so reads. But the question arises, what
is habitancy in the sense of the Constitution?
The honorable Senator from New York stated
very correctly that the common law presumes
that every man has a domicile, that he has a
habitation, for there is no distinction between
the two words in law or in reason ; they are
ono and the same. Every man must have a
domicile; every man must be an inhabitant
of some State, city, town, or country. I agree
to that. Such is doubtless the law. I was not
a little amused at the honorable Senator from
New York's attempt to show what the domi-
cile of Ames was before he was elected. He
announced in his usual eloquent manner, cer-
tainly without any want of self-conlidence, that
he should inform the Senate where that domi-
cile or habitation was, and he ended with the
somewhat lame conclusion that it was just
where it was before he was elected, being very
careful, indeed, not to give even his valuable
views upon the real question as to what Ames's
habitation or domicile was before he was
elected—whether it was in Maine, whether it
was at West Point, whether it was in Minne-
sota, or whether it was in Mississippi, or some-
where else. The honorable Senator was care-
ful not to answer the question, although he
promised us that he would give us his views
upon that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I know the honorable
Senator, who is arguing this subject so gravely
