2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
and with such excellent taste, does not want
to do injustice to what I said.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly not.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I beg to correct
him. I said no such thing. I said I had heard
that question asked, and if some Senator would
tell roe where his habitation was the day before
then I would tell him exactly where it was the
day after. That is all I undertook to do. If
ray honorable friend will indulge me, will he
be kind enough at some convenient moment to
tell us where was the inhabitancy of General
Ames the day before he formed this intention,
to which so much of his disquisition relates?
Mr. HOWARD. I think 1 could answer that
question, but I am not sure that I could answer
it correctly upon the evidence furnished by the
committee, they furnish so little. The report
i.pou this subject is extremely meager, let me
gay most respectfully to the honorable Senator
from New York. It does not contain, I pre-
sume, a tithe of the evidence that was really
before the committee.
But after all, sir, the question of habitancy
is always a question of fact to be decided by
the jury in proper cases in judicial tribunals.
It is always a question of fact, and never a
question of law. There was a time, doubtless,
when Ames was an inhabitant of the State of
Maine. He went from Maine, however, left
his father in Maine, and went to school at West
Point, and the most of his time while at West
Point he must have been of full age. After he
was twenty-one years old, after he had reached
his majority, where was his residence then?
Will the Senator from New York undertake
to say that it was not at West Point?
Mr. CONKLING. I will undertake to say
that most emphatically, if the Senator wishes
me to answer.
Mr. HOWARD. I should differ most widely
from the Senator. General Ames had left the
State of Maine while a minor. It is very true
that while a minor he could not change his
residence. The change of residence involves
a legal will, a legal purpose of which a minor
is incapable. But after he had gone to West
Point, and had become of age, it was just as
competent for him to.change his residence from
Maine to West Point as to do anything else.
It is uncertain, therefore, from the facts before
us, whether he became in law a resident of
West Point or whether he still remained a res-
ident ol'Maine. He wentfrom West Point into
the Army. His father, iu 18C2, moved from
Maine to Minnesota. That was long after
General Ames himself had reached his major-
ity. Of course the change of residence of his
father, he, the son, being then at his majority,
did not affect his residence at all. Being of
lull age, he had a right to determine where his
residence should be. But he went into the
Army, and in that capacity was sent to Missis-
sippi. Whether he had chosen his residence
at West Point or whether ho had chosen it
somewhere else the Senate are in uncertainty
and doubt. The evidence is entirely uncertain,
there being very few circumstances in the case
to show what the purpose of Ames was until he
reached Mississippi and agreed to become a
candidate for the Senate.
Now, sir, there is no principle of law better
settled than this: that on questions of resi-
dence, habitancy,domicile, if the circumstances
of the case do not point to a certain and sure
conclusion, if those circumstances leave the
question in doubt on the one side or the other,
the declarations of the party made in good
faith become conclusive. Let me read a single
pnssage from a judgment to be found in 17
Pickering's Reports, page 284, delivered by
Chief Justice Shaw. It is a very clear and
succinct statement of the whole doctrine upon
tiie subject of hcbitancy. The judge says:
" Ic is difficult to exact definition of habit-
ancy. In ?mu-ral terms one may be designated as
an inhu-biiant of that place which constitutes tho
piincipal Boat of his residence, of his business, pur-
suits, connections,attachments, and of his pohtical
and municipal relations. It is manifest, therefore,
that it embraces the fact of residence at a place with
tho intent to regard it and make it his home. The
act and intent must concur, and the intent may bo
inferred from declarations and conduct. It is often
a question of great difficulty, depending upon mi-
nute and complicated circumstances, leaving the
question in so much doubt that a slight circum-
stance may turn the balance. In such a case the
mere declaration of the party, made in good faith,
of his clcotion to make tho one place rather than
the other his home, would be sufficient to turn the
scale. But it is a question of fact for the jury, to be
determined from all tho circumstances of the case.
So it was left in the case of Makepeace vs. Lee,
eited by the chief justice in 5 Pick., 378."
Such being the circumstances of the case,
there being no positive evidence to show what
was the real intention of General Ames in
regard to his residence, and the question being
left in doubt by the circumstances in evidence
before us, we have a right to resort to the
declarations made by General Ames, made in
good faith to show what place he intended as
his habitation, as his domicile; and on this sub-
ject tho evidence is conclusive, for the report
of the.committee states that he declared ten
days before his election that he should remain
in Mississippi. The honorable Senator from
Arkansas tells us further that there were two
or three affidavits before the Committee on the
Judiciary to precisely the same effect. So that
wc have his clear bona fi.de declaration made,
as the committee say, publicly, that his pur-
pose was to remain in Mississippi. Now, sir,
the conclusion is irresistible, if this evidence is
of any weight or value whatever, that his pur-
pose was to make Mississippi his home, his
habitation, and that at the time of his election,
he being personally there, he was an inhabit-
ant of the State, and thus complied with the
Constitution of the United States.
How does the honorable Senator from New
York escape this conclusion? Judging from
the general drift and tenor of his argument,
we should be led to suppose that he holds that
a man under military orders cannot even ex-
press an intention where his residence is to be
for the future ; that he is not only a mere
automaton in the hands of his superior to do
his bidding, but that he has not the legal capa-
city even to make a declaration of his intention
to reside here or there ! Sir, was ever argu-
ment pressed so far as this, that the fact of
being a soldier or an officer of the Army of
the United States renders the declarations of
such persons as to their habitancy utterly inad-
missible and nugatory in a court of justice?
And yet that must be the conclusion, unless
we take the other ground, which is that not-
withstanding a man is an officer or a soldier
he is vested with all the rights of a citizen, is
bound by his own declarations, and is entitled
to the benefit of his own declarations in all
matters pertaining to his private concerns.
That is the ground upon which I rest this case.
I do not suppose that General Ames by
merely obeying orders and going into Missis-
sippi as a military man acquired a residence
in that State. I do not claim that; but I claim
that when there in person he had a right to
choose Mississippi as his home ; he had a right
to declare that for the future he intended it &$
his home ; that he should reside there; and he
is entitled to all the benefits arising from such
a declaration in the same way in which any
other citizen would be entitled to the benefit
of similar declarations, lie was then in Mis-
sissippi. He had chosen Mississippi as his
home. He was au actual inhabitant of the
State. While such inhabitant he was chosen
a Senator in Congress, and the question is
now for jjs to determine whether he was such
inhabitant or not. It seems to me, as I said
before, that this is spending the time of the
Senate upon rather unimportant matter. The
evidence i3 clear. He was an inhabitant of
Mississippi; and I ask that he may be sworn
into office. I would place upon the Constitu-
tion a reasonable construction, a legal con-
struction ; but I am not willing to go so far as
to shut the mouth of a military man and refuse
to allow him while in the military service even
to select a residence for himself and his chil-
dren. The thing is too absurd.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York has favored the Senate with
a very elaborate argument, and I concede to
him that he has displayed aa much ingenuity
and ability in the support of an unfortunate
proposition as any other member of the Senate
could. I have not risen to review his extended
argument, but only to occupy a few minutes in
making a very few suggestions.
By the report of the committee it appears
that General Ames was a native of the State
of Maine. Fourteen years ago he left that
State, a minor, and entered the Military Acad-
emy at West Point. On leaving that academy
he entered the service of his country, and has
continued in the military arm of that service
down to the time he was elected Senator from
the State of Mississippi.
Now, the question arises, does one by ac-
cepting a commission in the Army of the Uni-
ted States forfeit his citizenship? Does he
forfeit his-inhabitancy? The statement of the
question, it seems to me, carries with it its
answer. It does not need argument to prove
the proposition that even an officer of the Army
must have a habitation, a dwelling place some-
where ; bataccording to the doctrine laid down
by the Committee on the Judiciary, an officer
of the Army is but a wandering ghost over the
earth, without any habitation or abiding place,
or anywhere to lay his head. It seems to me
this is very harsh treatment of officers of the
Army. Sir, accepting a commission in the
Army of the United States does not take away
a man's inhabitancy, his residence, or his right
to make a residence wherever he elects to do so.
In the case of General Ames, he had been
gone from the State of Maine fourteen years.
We do not know that he had been back even
transiently. The fact is further made appa-
rent that his parents left that State some years
ago and moved to the State of Wisconsin.
In the course of events General Ames was
ordered to Mississippi in the discharge of mili-
tary duties. I concede, and I believe on that
proposition there is no question or dispute, that
an officer of the Army by virtue of being or-
dered to a particular post in any State does not
thereby by reason of such an order or transfer
acquire residence or citizenship. He would
not obtain the right to vote simply by virtue
of being ordered there ; but there is nothing
in the Constitution or the law that deprives
him of the right to acquire a residence in the
new locality to which he has been ordered.
How does he acquire it ? By his own intention,
by his own act. I care not whether it takes
him three weeks or three months to come to a
determination, or whether he does it in an
instant. He can form that intention in the
twinkling of an eye. You have got to take his
declaration of intention as evidence.
What act must he perform? The Senator
from New York contends that there must be
some act to prove inhabitancy. Very well. If
General Ames had purchased real estate in
Mississippi, paid taxes on it, and cultivated it,
I suppose that would bo evidence. Suppose
he agrees to accept a public office, can you get
a stronger evidence of citizenship or residence
than that ? That seems to be the best evidence
in this country of a man's residence, of his
domicile.
But the burden of the argument of the Sen-
ator from Neiv York seems to be that if Gen-
eral Ames had a family he must remove them
there; they must be there with him. For-
tunately for General Ames, he had no wife or
children; I mean fortunately for the sake of
this argument; not fortunately on general
principles. The only objection I have to Gen-
eral Ames is that he is not a married man.
[Laughter.] But'in this case he had no such
incumbrance. He had no wife, no children, no
