8076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Mr. BLAIR. I yield for a question.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman is desirous
of reducing the internal taxes and keeping the
tariff as it is I wish him to explain why the
Committee of Ways and Means, of which he is
a member, reported any tariff bill at all. If
they had not reported a bill the tariff would
have been left as it is. I ask, if his intention
was as he stated it, why the committee did not
leave the tariff alone and report a bill reducing
the internal taxes, so that the country might
know what they propose?
A Mr. BLAIR. I can answer that question
easily. The committee was under instructions
to report a tariff bill. Under those instruc-
tions they pave their attention to the tariff and
reported a bill.
l'lie CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw iu
Mr. TILLMAN. 1 move to amend the
amendment by striking out " 60" and insert-
ing 75.''
Mr. Chairman, I would prefer to vote rather
than talk, bot as littleof the one and much of
the other seems to prevail, I desire to Ray a
very few words on this iron-tariff subject. I
believe most of the new members from the
South are making a record for themseivee for
a reduction of the tariff generally, and espe-
cially on iron. Mr. Chairman, 1 think those
colleagues thus voting and speaking are going
''off into the dance," to use a southern phrase,
''on thevwrong foot." They say they are
moved and are actuated by a desire to protect
and advance the agficnltaral interests of the
country—the cotton interest of the South and
thegTaiu interest of the West. They say those
sections are laboring under great depression;
especially is this said for the South, and I make
no issue with them as to the fact of depression,
but the remedy proposed is what I object to.
Poor, without much labor except agricul-
tural, it wiil be perhaps easy to convince or
satisfy constituents of the South that to vote
for a reduction of the tariff was for their in-
terests, against the "monopolists of Pennsyl-
vania; " that it opens the door to cheaper iron
for building railroads that we are told are so
greatly needed to develop our country.
Not, Mr. Chairman. I believe it a great and
good thing to develop our country by building
railroads. But how? Shall we, as poor as we
are, insist on going in debt to a foreign conn-
try for the iron, instead of insisting that capi-
tal and labor come here and sit down by side
of ns in oar poverty and make the iron to build
those roads? If we were to strike the tariff
entirely from iron we probably would have it
offered cheaper to usfora while ; but we would
not be made a present of it. In our poverty
we cannot pay down and would have to take
it on a credit. By the time we had bailt our
roads our notes would be dae for the iron, and
what wilt we have been accumulating daring the
time to pay them? If we build the road-beds
with cheapChinese labor, while that work was
going we should doubtless experience a brisker
and better market for some -of our agricultural
products. But when the work was done the
laborers would have received cash for their
labor and ready to be off for home or else-
where for another job. The roads and rolling-
stock wonld be on band, but tinder mortgage
to foreigners for the iron.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this kind of operation
might do for people already with a sorplos, and
■who could afford to do a losing business for the
style thai was in it, but for poor agricultur-
ists, of whom I am one, it does not appear to
me to be their interest. My notion is, if we
are to incur any debt or tax ourselves in any
way to get railroads, we should exactly reverse
the operation.
Instead of sending our credit abroad to bring
in ready-made iron rails, send a free ticket to
cash abroad to come here and make tbem out
-of that everlasting monntaiu spoken of a few
days ago as being located in Missouri, We
are teld by those in favor of reduction, that
there will still be left protection enough to keep
in blast nil our present iron works. But this
is questioned by some; and suppose we should
not only stop building new work*, but the run-
ning of present ones, would not our mistake
be a sad one for the poor agriculturist ? In
debt for roads to start our wheat, corn, Ac., on
to pay England, provided England was hnugry
and could not get them elsewhere cheaper.
To make so fatal a mistake on the other side
in regard to iron, according to tny notions, is
almost impossible. Insteud of reducing the
duty on pig iron we had increased it and given
assurance of stability ; we might not build rail-
roads so fast for a few years, but we would
build works to make the rails to lay on them
as built, and if we did go slow we would go
much surer, ltight-minded agriculturists pre-
fer to make improvements with their own labor
us rauoh as possible, and not to involve them-
selves in debt for the mere sake of splendor
and style; and to those colleagues from the
South who are repeating and renewing the anti-
war talk on the tariff and manufactories are, in
my humble judgment, relaying the foundation
of sectional alienations and jealousies. It was
to be hoped that the war had obliterated the
great first cause of animosity between the North
and South, slavery, with all its attendant causes.
But when I see and hear the new, regenerated
South speaking through her Representatives tlio
old Democratic doctrine of free trade, speak-
ing calculated, but not intended, tonwakenold
sectionalism, I fear that as heretofore she i-s
to be misrepresented to her ultimate injury.
If the sentiments I hear uttered frofti the South
came from representative men of the "lost
cause" it would not appear so strange ; but for
Republicans who contend that the nation, es-
pecially theSooth, has had a new birth through
painful years of travail should yet be tryin«
to put the political gospel of universal ana
equal rights and privileges into the old bottles
of local prejudices and interests, is quite unex-
pected to me, and I lay again I do think they
are going off on t'je " wrong foot."
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Chairman, it has
been repeatedly stated in this discussion—yes-
terday by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
LoqaV] and his colleague [Mr. Ixokbsoli,] and
by many others, and reiterated this morning—
that as the dnty on pig iron has been reduced
in committee to $5 per ton, a reduction of $2
from the bill as reported and $4 from the law
as it stands, that other forms of iron more
advanced should be reduced iu like proportion.
I venture to say that this reduction will not
stand approved by the deliberate judgment of
the House. The vote was taken on Monday,
when some who had left on the adjournment
from Friday till Monday were detained by the
floods which interrupted travel and prevented
their return. Nor does the vote give any reli-
able indication of the judgment of the House.
There are 228 members on the roll. The vote
in committee stood : for the amendment, GO ;
against it, 04 ; or 130 votes ; and 98 not voting.
Now, sir, 1 cannot believe that this injustice
will be approved, and I venture to predict that
the duty on pig iron will be restored to $7 per
ton. Sir, Pennsylvania asks nothing she is
not willing to concede. She urges and she sus-
tains the protective policy, because 8be believes
it to be a vital necessity not only to her but to
all the interests of the country at large. The
necessity of protecting iron is conceded, and
the only question upon which the committee
hesitates is what amount of duty upon foreign
iron should be imposed. This is a question
of figures and facts. Were the wagee of labor
in Europe and the United States the same,
there would be no necessity for protection, and
the question would resolve itself into one of
revenue only.
i The intrinsic value of a ton of iron, apart
I from labor, whether in pig or bar, or any of its
ultimate forms of highest value, even to needles,
I watch springs, or watch screws, worth thou-
sands of dollars by the pound, is only the value
of the unwronght ores in their native bed ; and
every dollar of superadded value is labor.
Anthracite pig costs at the furnace, on a fair
general average, about $80 per ton. Of ihia
there enters into it of—
Or*. 2i tons; worth in the ground say 40 cents per
ton   ; *1 00
Limestone, 1! tong; worth in tuo ground say 4
oenUperton    07
Coal, 2 tons; worth in tho ground say 30 coots
per ton  60
Lumber, oil, tallow, wasto, fuel, &o.; worth say, OS
Total $1 75
Or, to cover all possible items which may be
reckoned as intrinsic, say $2 per ton.
Thus, in every ton of iron, at $30 per ton,
there is not exceeding $2 of orignal value and
$28 of labor, and every additional value which
it takes to the highest uses of which it is  ug-
ceptible is but adding labor to labor.
Estimating that which enters into the pro-
duction of pig iron at an average of $2 per
day, there is $28 of labor or employment for
14 men, at $2 per day for every ton produced.
It is too plain for argument that every ion
of iron imported is therefore an importaiion
of labor. Assuming ore leave abroad to be
equal to ore leave here, and that a day's labor
is equally effective there and here, every ton qf
pig imported is an importation of the labor of
14 men, and just, in the proportion of increased
value in the higher forms of manufacture does
the importation of labor increase.
Tf this labor were of ec^ual cost we could
successfully competc with foreign production,
But happily it is not so; our labor is not too
dear, but theirs is much too cheap.
AVithoutdetainingthe committee with a state-
mentiu detail of the wages in England, Russia,
Norway, and Sweden, the principal countries
whose iron competes with ours, it is within
limits to say that their rate of labor is less than
half that ot ours for similar wages. If, then,
to further pursue my illustration, and admit-
ting, for tho argument, their rate of wages to
be half that of ours, a'ton of iron costs in the
United States, for—
Per ton.
Ores   $2 00
Labor of 14 men, at S3  28 00
Total  30 00
It would cost in Europe, for—
Ores, at the same rate $2 00 ■
Labor of 14 man, at <1 - 14 00 : ,
  16 00
Or a difference per ton, arising solely from the
differenoo ia theoost of labor, of i. $1400
The foreign producer thus starts with an
advantage from low labor atene of $14 per ton.
The freight, exchange, and insuraam from
ports 'in Europe to New York vary consider-
ably at different times, but may fee taken at a
fair average of $0 per ton, to which add the
premium on gold at present rates, 13 percent.,
$2 14, making $8 14, which subtracted from
the margin of $14, leaves him a net profit of
$6 86 per ton, by which amount, except for
duties imposed, he could undersell the Amer-
ican producer, in our own markets, ©n the first
cost of American iron at the furnace, and this
without reckoning anything for the reasonaole
profits of manufacture. As this difference
arises solely from the difference of wages, it is
necessary, in order to ascertain the market
value of American iron, to add the co.it of
transportation from the furnace to the market.
That this statement, which, for the conven-
ience of illustration, I have stated in round
numbers, is sufficiently accurate, is shown by
the last report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. For the twelve months ending December
81, 1868, the total importation of pig iron was
241,160,777 pounds, making 107,656 tons. The
total valuation was $1,740,294, or $18 16 per
ton. For the twelve months ending December
81,1860, the total importation was 3&0,641,370
pounds, making 15G,402ton . The total valu-
ation was $2,617,160, or $16 SO per ton, giv-
