174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
Ho. op Reps.
jPolygamy in Utah—Mr. Hooper.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
this bill reaches beyond that code into the
questionable world of morals, the debatable
land of religious beliefs; and, first creating the
offense, seeks, with the malignant fury of par-
tisan prejudice and sectarian hate, to measure
out the punishment.
The bill before us declares that that system
which Moses taught, that God allowed, and
from which Christ, our Saviour, sprung is a
crime, and that any man believing in it and
practicing it—I beg pardon, the bill, as I shall
presently show, asserts that belief alone is suf-
ficient; that any one so offending shall not be
tried, but shall be convicted, his children de-
clared bastards, his wives turned out to starve,
and his property be confiscated, in fact, for the
benefit of the moral reformers who, as I believe,
are the real instigatois in this matter.
The honorable member from Illinois, the
father of this bill, informs us that this is a crime
abhorred by men, denounced by God, and pro-
hibited and punished by every State in the
Union. I have a profound respect for the mo-
tives of the honorable member. I believe he
is inspired by a sincere hostility to that which
he so earnestly denounces. No earthly induce-
ment could make him practice polygamy. Se-
duction, in the eyes of thousands, is an indis-
cretion, where all the punishment falls upon the
innocent and unoffending. The criminal taint
attaches when the seducer attempts to marry
his victim. This is horrid. This is not to be
endured by man or God, and laws must be pro-
mulgated to prevent and punish.
While I have this profound regard for the
morals and motives of the honorable member,
1 must say that I do not respect to the same
extent his legal abilities. Polygamy is not
denounced by every Stale and Territory, and
the gentleman will search in vain for the statute
or criminal code of either defining its exist-
ence and punishment. The gentleman con-
founds a religious belief with a criminal act.
lie is thinking of bigamy when he denounces
polygamy, and in the confusion that follows
blindly strikes out against an unknown enemy.
Will be permit me to call his attention to the
distinction V Bigamy means the wrong done a
woman by imposing upon her the forms of
matrimony while another wife lives, rendering
such second marriage null and void. The rep-
utation and happiness of a loo confiding woman
ure thus forever blasted by the fraudulent acts
of her supposed husband, ami he is deservedly
punished for his crime. Polygamy, on the
contrary, is the act of marrying more than
one woman, under a belief that a man has the
right, lawfully and religiously, so to do, and
with the knowledge and consent of both the
wives.
1 suppose, Sir. Speaker, that in proclaiming
the old Jeffersonian doctrine that that Govern-
ment is best which governs least, I would not
have even a minority upon this floor. But when
I say that in a system of self-government such
as ours, that looks to the purest democracy, and
seeks to be a Government of the people, for the
people and by the people, we have no room
for the guardian, nor, above all, for the mas-
ter, I can claim the united support of both
parties. To have such a Government, to retain
such in its purest strength, we must leave all
questions of morals and religion that lie out-
side the recognized code of crime to the con-
science of the citizen. In an attempt to do
otherwise than this the world's abiding-places
have been washed with human blood, and its
fields made rich with human bones. No Gov-
ernment has been found strong enough to stand
unshaken above the throes of religious fanat-
icism when driven to the wall by religious per-
secution. Ours, sir, would disappear like the
"baseless fabric of a vision " before the first
blast of such a convulsion. Does the gentle-
man believe, for example, that in aiming this
cruel blow at a handful of earnest followers
of the Lord in Utah he is doing a more justi-
fiable act than would be, in the eyes of a major-
ity of our citizens, a bill to abolish Catholicism,
because of its alleged immorality; or a law to
annihilate the Jews for that theyare Jews, and
therefore obnoxious? Let that evil door once
be opened; set sect against sect; let the Bible
and the school-books give place to the sword
and the bayonet, and we will find the humanity
of to-day the humanity of the darker ages, and
our beautiful Government a mournful dream
of the past.
This is not only philosophically true, but, sir,
it is historically a fact. In making the appeal
I stand upon the very foundation-stone of our
constitutional Government. That they might
worship God in accordance with the dictates
of conscience the fathers fled from their homes
in Europe to the wilds of America. For this
they bore the fatigues or perished in the wilds
of a savage-haunted continent; for this they
poured out their blood in wars, until every
stone in the huge edifice that shelters us as a
nation is cemented by the blood of the martyr.
Upon this, however, I need notspend my time
or yours ; a mere statement of the proposition
is a conclusive argument from which the peo-
ple, in their honest instincts, will permit no
appeal. In our Constitution, still perfect and
fresh as ever, we have a clause that cannot be
changed and leave a vestige of a free Govern-
ment. In the original instrument we find this
language: "No religious test shall ever be
required as a qualification to any office or pub-
lic trust under the United States." But this
was not considered sufficiently comprehensive
for a free people, and subsequently we find it
declared, " Congress shall make no law re-
specting an establishment of religion or pro-
hibiting the free exercise thereof."
Upon the very threshold of my argument,
however, I am met by the advocates of this
extraordinary bill with the assumption that
polygamy is not entitled to be considered as a
portion of our religious faith; that under the
Constitution we are to be protected and re-
spected in the enjoyment of our religious faith,
but that we are not entitled to consider as a
portion thereof the views held by us as a peo-
ple in reference to the marriage relation. One
eminent disputant, as an argument, supposes
a case where a religious sect might claim to
believe in the rightfulness of murder, and to be
protected in the enjoyment of that right. This
is not in any sense a parallel case. Murder,
by all law, human and divine, is a crime ; polyg-
amy is not. In a subsequent portion of my
remarks I shall show that not only by the
authority of the Old Testament writers, but by
numerous leading writers of the Christian
church, the doctrine of polygamy is justified
and approved. The only ground upon which
any argument can be maintained that our views
of the marriage relation are not to be consid-
ered as a portion of our religious faith is that
marriage is a purely civil contract, and there-
fore outside the province of religious doctrine.
No sect of Christians can, however, be found
who will carry their beliefs to this extent. The
Catholic church, the most ancient of the Chris-
tian churches, and among the most powerful in
numbers of the religious denominations of our
country, upon this point is in accord with the
Mormon church.
Marriage, according to the faith of the Cath-
olic church, is one of its sacraments ; is not in
any sense a civil contract but a religious or-
dinance, and the validity of a divorce granted
by a civil court is denied. And not in any
Christian church is the marriage contract
placed on a par with other civil contracts, with
a swaj> of horses or a partnership in trade. It
is a civil contract, in that a court of equity
for certain specified causes may dissolve it; but
not otherwise. Upon the marriage contract
are invoked the most solemn sanctions of our
Christianity ; the appointed ministers and ser-
vants of God, by their presence and aid, give
solemnity and efficiency to the ceremonial, and
upon the alliance are invoked the divine guid-
ance and blessing. To most intents and pur-
poses with every Christian denomination the
marriage ceremony is regarded as a religious
ordinance. Upon this point, therefore, and a
vital point in the discussiou of the question
before us, the Catholic church in fact, and the
other religious denominations in theory and
usual practice, are with the Mormons iu their
position, that the supervision and control of
the marital relation arc integral and essential
portions of their religious faith and practice,
in the enjoyment of which they are protected
by the Constitution.
The Mormon people are a Christian denom-
ination. They believe fully in the Old and New
Testaments, in the divinity of Christ's mission,
and the upbuilding and triumph of His church.
They do not believe, however, that light and
guidance from above ceased with the crucifixion
on Calvary. On the other hand they find that
in all ages, whenever a necessity therefor ex-
isted, God has raised up prophets to speak to
the people and to manifest to them His will and
requirements. And they believe that Joseph
Smith was such a prophet; that the time had
arrived when there was a necessity for further
revelation, and through Joseph Smith it was
given to the world.
Upon this point of continuous revelation,
which is really one of the turning points of the
controversy, we are in accord with many of the
most eminent divines of the Christian church,
and with the most earnest and vigorous thinkers
of our own day.
Upon the departure of the Pilgrim fathers
from Holland for America Rev. John Robin-
son, their beloved pastor, preached a fare-
well sermon, which showed a spirit of mildness
and.tolerance truly wonderful in that age, and
which many who claim to be ministers of God
would to well to imitate in this:
" Brethren, we are quickly to part from on e another,
and whether I may ever livo to soe your faces on
earth any more tho God of Heaven only knows; but
whether the Lord hath appointed that or not, Icharge
you before God and His blessed angels that you fol-
low me no further than you have seen me follow the
Lord Jesus Christ. If God reveal anything to you
by any other instrument of nis, bo asready to receive
it as you wore to receive any truth by my ministry:
for I am fully persuaded, 1 am vory confident, that
the Lord has more truth yet to break forth out of His
Holy Word.
"For my part, I cannot sufficiently bewail the
condition of the reformed churches, who are come
to a period in religion, and will go at present no
further than the instruments of their reformation.
The Lutherans cannot be drawn to go beyond what
Luther saw. Whatever part of His will our good God
has revealed to Calvin they will rather die than em-
brace it; and the Calvinists, yousee, stick fast where
they were left by that great man of God, who yet saw
not all things.
" This is a misery much to be lamented, for though
they were buraing and shining lights in their times,
yet they penetrated not into the whole counsel of
Gnd: but were they now living would be as ready to
embrace further light as that which they first re-
ceived. I beseech you to remember that it is an ar-
ticle ofyour church covenant that you shall be ready
to receive whatever truths shall be made known to
you from tho written word of God,"
And, says Ralph Waldo Emerson, in one of
his most golden utterances:
"Ilook for the hour when that supreme beauty
which ravished the souls of those Hebrews, and
through their lips spoke oracles to all time, shall
speak in the West also. The Hebrew and Greek
Scriptures contain immortal sentences that havo
been the broad of life to millions. But they have no
epical integrity; are fragmentary; are not shown in
their order to the intellect. I look for the new
Teacher that shall follow so far those shining laws
that he shall see them come full circle; shall see
their rounding, complete grace; shall see the world
to be the mirror of the soul."
Conceding, therefore, that new revelations
may be at all times expected in the future of
our race, as they have been at all times vouch-
safed in the past, and the whole controversy
ends. A man has arisen named Joseph Smith;
he claims to be aprophet of God, and a numer-
