4964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
tions providing redistribution and the permis-
sion of banks to move than with sections of
contraction in it and the gold-note provisions.
These gold-note sections authorize a distinct
paper currency and draw sharply the line be-
tween gold and paper, will retard the return
to specie payment, and can be used for no pur-
pose but to draw out all the gold from the
Treasury when it is most needed there. The
basis of twenty-five per cent, of a reserve of
gold is all that is provided for the safety of the
Government when gold is run for. Gold is liable
at any moment to be called for; and if the bank
has it not, then (he Treasury must make it up.
A tightness in the money market, a run for
gold, a panic, such as often occurs, and our
banks suspend; the Treasury gold must come
forth, and so the last stronghold of our na-
tional credit will be invaded and robbed—liter-
ally robbed of its treasure bysharks, swindlers,
and schemers. There is no safety, no help, no
advantage in a measure like this. California
may bank on such a basis; but it will be prac-
ticable and safe nowhere else.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. JUDD obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me a
few moments?
Mr. JUDD. By and by. Mr. Speaker, I
had supposed that the House, in passing its
resolution in relation to currency, and in the
passage of the amendment to the Senate meas-
ure, meant something. My conviction is and
was that the duty of each branch of Congress
was to decide for itself what public policy and
interest demanded and what the public feeling
required on this question of currency. Iassume
that we are not to be deterred from following
our own convictions of duty by the fear that
the Senate may not approve of or agree to our ,
action in the premises. They, like ourselves, !
will be held responsible by a constituency for
any omission or refusal to act, as well as for
mistaken action; and a committee of confer-
ence charged with the views of the House are
to give force to such views without reference
to the views of the Senate. The consequences
will rest with those who choose to defeat a
proper public measure.
I have sought, during my entire service upon
the Committee 011 Hanking and Currency, to
pursue such a course as would as little as pos-
sible disturb and interfere with the business
of the country, and unsettle its relations. I
preferred submitting to some wrong rather
than take the risk of interference. When I
took my seat in the Fortieth Congress I found
that the then Secretary of the Treasury was
every month seizing hold of the business of
the country, and reducing values at his own
will by the contraction of the currency, ren-
dering uncertain in all directions the doings
and dealings of men engaged in commercial
transactions.
Whatever may have been the motive,whether
from any fancied theory of approaching specie
payments or for the purpose of private stock
speculation, it may not bo important now to
inquire. _ The fact was nevertheless true that
contraction was going on every month under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and at his own will. The Fortieth Congress,
by solemn resolution, took that power away
from him. I approved of that action of Con-
gress, because 1 did not believe that any man
or set of men should be allowed to experiment
with the great interests of commerce and
trade.
The present Secretary of the Treasury has
110 such power; but every man who has taken
note ol his policy knows that he leans in the
direction of a contraction of the currency; they
know that he desires that taxes shall be kept at
their present high rate, in order that the coun-
try may have the credit of paying off its national
debt, and that the financial credit of the coun-
try may stand well with foreign nations. These
are great oojeets, Mr. Speaker; but it is fair
subject for Jisenesion whether these ends can-
not be obtained without the immense draft upon
the resources of the country that the present
system of taxation entails. Our people pay
and pay freely. It is the last hair that breaks
the camel's back. Popular discontent may be
heard at that rate of taxation which, after pay-
ing all demands due, goes into the market to
purchase undue indebtedness at the rate of
$13,000,000 a month. The people demand
that they should know from the law-making
power what is to be the policy on the subject of
the currency of the country ; that there should
be some declaration by the Congress on the
faith of which they might continue their busi-
ness and trade without these fluctuations con-
sequent on the action of the Government.
I have never sought, in the common accepta-
tion of the term, to inflate the currency of the
country. But I would infinitely prefer inflation
to allowing any officer of this Government to
lay his hands on the business of the country,
whenever he may please to do so, and to con-
tract the means of doing business, or to keep
a fear of such result always before them.
Mr. McNEELY. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. J UDD. I prefer not to be interrupted
now.
Mr. McNEElAr. i merely wish to ask the
gentleman if lie desires to inflate the currency
by a further issue of greenbacks or by a further
issue of national bank currency?
Mr. JUDD. I will tell my colleague before I
get through my remarks. The money-borrowers
from the days of Moses to this time have always j
been in the majority. They are the men of |
eommeice and tiade ; they carry on the great
enterprises which build up your country, give
life and vigor, and send us forward in the
march of progress with an impetus which no
other country on the faee of the earth has ever
before exhibited.
Do not let us cripple these energies by legis-
lation of doubtful expediency, and to carry out
any man's theories. I desire, when the busi-
ness of the country will permit it, to come
down to hard money. Let the industries of
the country by their accumulation of resources
absorb the excesses that have been forced upon
them by a condition of things that has never
known a parallel in the country. The sound busi-
ness interests^ of the country will produce specie
payment,. You cannot do it by any legislative
declaration, by fixing the day for resumption.
Unless the business condition of the country
will authorize it, the laws of trade will override
any imperial decree upon that subject, any
legislation on that subject.
I now desire to call the attention of members
of this House to the exact questions presented
to them by the bill now under consideration,
and to show them what questions were at issue
which this committee of conference on the part
of the House was directed to settle, if possible.
The House had by direct resolution declared
that the currency of the country should be in-
creased to the extent of at least $50,000,000.
And the House had determined in the amend-
ment to the Senate bill that the increase should j
be by an increase of national bank notes as
indicated in that amendment. The original
hill passed by the Senate authorized the issue
of $45,000,000 of bank notes in order to retire
and pay off $-15,000,000 of three per cent, cer-
tificates upon which the Government was pay-
ing interest, and that was held as reserves by
the banks. On this point the House and Sen-
ate agreed. So far there was no question to
be settled by a committee of conference.
The unequal distribution of the §300,000,000
of national bank currency has kept the coun-
try agitated for several years. The South and
the West were demanding their proportion.
The persons having the present monopoly said
that a redistribution could not be made with-
out disturbing the whole business of the coun-
try; and there was force in this presentation
of the question. This demand of the destitute
portions of country could only be met by an
increase of circulation unless you desired to
create the business disturbances that calling in
and redistributing a portion of the circulation
would cause. The $4-5,000,000 to take up the
three per cents., the $50,000,000 additional,
and the $25,000,000 which was to be called
in and redistributed within a period of practi-
cally not less than two years, would equalize
the distribution throughout the whole country
and put to rest forever all this complaint of
inequality. It seemed to me, Mr. Speaker,
that wise statesmanship required this mode to
be adopted.
The only difference between the Senate
proposition and the House amendment was
$5,000,000. It was a mere bagatelle, a mat-
ter not involving any question of principle, so
that substantially there was nothing for the
committee of conference to consider. Both
Houses had substantially agreed.
I now come to the only question which was
really referred to the committee of conference,
the only question upon which there was any
issue. The detail of the changes made in the
agreement of the conference I do not like. They
have excluded from their proper share of contri-
bution in this redistribution the large banks in
the cities, which are now monopolists and have
subjected the small banks to more than their
share of the burdens. This I do not like and
think it unjust, but it is a matter of detail
involving no principle.
Thiscirculation,under the $25,000,000 clause
for redistribution, will not come into operation,
as stated by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Cobuun,] for nearly two years; and if our
friends 111 the South are looking to this for
immediate relief, they will find their expecta-
tions fruitless, and they should not vote for
concurrence from that stand-point.
I now come to the only real question which
was in issue between the two Houses, namely,
the $50,000,000 voted by the House, and this
was substantially the only question which tbo
committee of conference was called upon to
decide. On my motion, Mr. Speaker, the
amendment reported by the Committee oh
Banking and Currency was amended by strik-
ing out all that portion of the bill which required
the retiring of "greenbacks" when these na.
tional bank notes should be issued. I mada
that issue, and the House sustained me. That
was the only material issue which went to the
committee of conference.
Now, I am not going to criticise the action
specially of the committee of conference, ex-
cept so far as it appears on the records; but
I do say that it is my conviction that it was
their duty to have pressed that proposition
upon the committee of conference—a prop-
osition which was carried in this House by a
majority of thirty-two votes. The chairman
tclis us that lie tried for two hours to persuade
the Senate portion of the committee to concur
in the views of the House. The gentleman,
[Mr. of Ohio,] by his own remarks
yesterday, as to the doings inside of the com-
mittee, has invited comment and criticism.
He has publicly announced in the House his
opposition to that provision, and he will excuse
me if I express a doubt whether his argument
had the force and effect that might have fol-
lowed the presentation of views of some one
who believed in what he was advocating. The
Senate members knew his publicly proclaimed
opinions.
Now, Mr. Speaker, his position reminds me
very much of the boy who took a dozen eggs
to market. Hismothertoldhim, "Theseeggs
are worth fifteen cents a dozen ; but if you can-
not get fifteen cents for them, take ten ; but
sell them anyhow." [Laughter.] The boy
only got ten cents for his eggs, and the gentle-
man, [Mr, Gaupield, of Ohio,] the chairman
of theCommittee on Banking and Currency,
got only the §'1-3,000,000 that the Senate had
offered before, instead of the $95,000,000
which the House had instructed him to obtain.
Ihe Senate conferees knew that his opinions
