1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
in time of war, particularly those whom she
claims as her subjects. History affords many
instances of such barbarity, treating soldiers
and civilians alike inhumanly. In the city of
Brooklyn now stands a monument erected to
the memory of eleven thousand five hundred
American seamen, soldiers, and citizens who
fell victims to the cruelties of the British on
board the prison-ships at the Wallabout bay
during the American Revolution. Those per-
sons, who became martyrs for the liberty of
their country, were inhumanly treated while
living, and were buried like brutes when dead.
In excavating the grounds about the Brooklyn
navy-yard some twenty hogsheads of their
bones were discovered, and on being gathered
together they were decently interred by the
Tammany Society, of the city of New York,
and a suitable monument was built by this
Democratic organization over the remains of
such nameless dead.
During the war of 1812 with England similar
treatment was shown toward American citizens
in Dartmoor prison, and the " Dartmoor mas-
sacre '' is familiar to all. This prison was built
and located in Devonshire, England, on ac-
count of the badness of its climate. It was
situated in the center of an extensive swamp,
in which the river Dart and some four or five
other rivers take their rise. The climate is at
all times cold and moist; storms from the At-
lantic sweep over the moor, and it is difficult to
imagine a more unhealthy or desolate spot.
On the breaking out ofhostilities with England,
in 1812, twenty-five hundred impressed sailors,
claiming to be American citizens and refusing
to serve in the British navy against their coun-
try, were imprisoned and kept there until the
end of the war. Such persons were cruelly
treated, and often -fired upon by the British
guard watching over them upon the slightest
pretense, and in this manner a great number
of them were brutally killed. If I had time I
could enumerate many more such instances of
British barbarism.
But, Mr. Speaker, while England treads with
her iron heel upon the necks of the subjects of
other nations that she has in her power, she
sets to this country an example which we might
laudably follow with regard to her own people.
No matter where, whether in Africa or Asia,
the Englishman gets the full protection of his
Government. I will read the following extracts
cut from recent journals:
" When the English authorities in Jamaicalearned
that Mr. John Ferguson, an English subject, had been
imprisoned by the Spaniards at Manzanillo two men-
of-war were sent there to demand his release, and
compel it by bombarding the town if the demand
was not complied with. The powerful iron-clad of
her Britannic Majesty's navy, the Vestal, Captain
Hunter, appeared off Manzanillo, and Mr. Fergu-
son's release was demanded. Governor Ampudia at
first refused to comply, but when Captain Hunter
said his orders were to take him away peaceably or
ioreibly, Governor Ampudia wisely concluded to
surrender him."
" In Hayti some Haytians had taken refuge in the
British consulato at Cape Haytien, andSalnave de-
manded that they should be given ujj to him. The
msul refused to surrender the refugees, but they
were taken by force from the consulato and imme-
diately shot. The Bulldog lying in port at the time,
hercommander. Captain Wake, made remonstrances
which were treated with contempt by Salnave;
whereupon the Bulldog opened fire on the forts, but
on changing her position she ran aground, and as
s ae was exposed in this helpless situation to a raking
fire from the fort her commander was compelled to
blow her up, escaping with his crew in his boats to
a steamer belonging to Geffrard's government. The
place w9s subsequently bombarded by two British
war vessels and captured, Salnave getting off once
inure and making his way to Dominican territory;
out the Ehglish never forgave him for what they
regarded as his insolent temerity."
Compare this prompt and proper action of
the English to the sickly attempts of General
Grant'8 administration to protect our country-
men abroad. For instance, take the conduct
of Commodore Goldsborough, who wa? sent
with the flag-ship of the gulf squadron into a
Cuban port to demand satisfaction for the mur-
dering of Americans; after having received a
f alate of one hundred guns in honor of the flag,
iired one in return and sailed out again, as a
correspondent of a northern newspaper informs
us, firmly remarking to the authorities of such
island a that if they could possibly avoid it not
to kill Americans." Take also the con-
duct of Mr. Motley, our minister to England,
who has knowledge that at least twelve Ameri-
cans are cruelly treated and unlawfully detained
in English prisons, and yet does not utter a
word in their behalf. These prisoners were
tried, convicted, and condemned for words
spoken in America. These prisoners, all of
them, were soldiers in our late war; most of
thetn gallant and brave men as ever led the
van of battle in the hour of victory ; men who
had fought under General Grant, and who had
upon their persons while standing in the crim-
inal docks of the English court scars received
while fighting for the Union. But yet our
President, the general they followed in time of
war, sits listlessly in the "White House" smok-
ing his cigar, making no effort to release his
old compatriots in arms, or even attempting
to ameliorate their condition. I will let one
of the ex-prisoners tell his own story in the fol-
lowing extracts:
"Colonel John Warren spoke to the citizens of
New York, pleading the cause of the Irish-Ameri-
cans imprisoned in British dungeons. He related
his experiences in Washington when endeavoring to
procure the intervention of our Government. lie
said:
" ' I called upon General Grant. I represented to
him and related to him fact3 in relation to certain
countrymen who were imprisoned in British dun-
geons, and whose remonstrances were utterly ignored
by the British Government. He appeared to be
entirely ignorant of the position of affairs; but he
entered into the matter, I can say, warmly, and said
he would protect the rights of the American citizen.
" ' General Grant gave me a letter of introduction
to Secretary Fish, and requesting him (Fish) to take
into consideration the matters that I had submitted
to him (.Grant) relative to American citizens confined
in British dungeons. Mr. Fish received me very
! | courteously, but he fell back upon legal questions,
j The result of the long interview was that we are not
'! American citiaens when out of America. He fell
i I back upon the old feudal laws, upon the authorities
J, of obsolete functionaries, to prove that even by the
i. laws of this country we could not change our alle-
gianco.
j I "'I next had an interview with Attorney General
l! Hoar. He received me with discourtesy; it is a typo
,1 of the man. He first asked me by what right I
! departed for Ireland, and what right I had to go
: there ? I replied that I had not called upon him to
account for any right or for any reason that induced
mo to visit Ireland, but that I had called upon him
I to testify in earnest terms the number and the char-
acter of our countrymen in British dungeons, and I
i expected at least to be courteously received. He
(the Attorney General) also argued the legal ques-
tion that the naturalization laws could not be up-
held but by the voice of the people, and that is
precisely as the case now stands; it requires a con-
siderate pressure; it requires us to work night and
day, if only to save the honor of our national flag.'
"Colonel Warren described the condition of the
Irish-American prisoners, who are compelled to go
upon their knees and scrub the flags of the floor, to
wait as servants upon those vagabonds who lord it
over them; and while all these things are perpetrated
we see General Grant sitting by smoking, or thinking
of no energetic plan or proposal to secure their free-
dom.
"This speech was made at the great American
meeting at Tammany Hall, and Captain Augustine
E- Costcllo, who was present, responded in a few
eloquent words to its sentiments. His speech was
short. The substance of it was that ho was at the
meeting, not as a politician of any hue, but simply
as an Irishman who had suffered grievous penalties
at the hands of England for acts done in America;
who had nothing at heart so much as the freedom
from murderous jails of his companions in England;
and who wished to do all he could to have the point
settled whether the naturalization of Irishmen in
the United States was or not a true naturalization,
which entitled Irishmen to the protection of the
national flag against the world.
"Two months before Captain Costello had been
promised by Patrick Henry Jones, the Radical post-
master at New York, a place in the post office. The
night to report at the post ofiice came, and at the
proper moment Captain Costello made his appear-
ance. The official to whom he reported directed
him to report in person the following (Wednesday)
morning to General Patrick Jones himself. He did
so. The interview was short and stiff. General
Patrick Jones informed him that he was dis-
charged; that he should have no appointment in
the post office of New York, onaccount of the part
he took at the Tammany Hall meeting.
"The exiles are in jail; Grant was junketing
throughout the State; and Costello is punished for
murmuring his sympathies for his exiled brethren."
There was a time when Americans were pro-
tected abroad, and I feel proud of the part the
distinguished son of New York, the late Hon.
W. L. Marcy, took in the matter. Martin
Koszta, a Hungarian by birth, but who had
lived one year and eleven months in the Unit ed
States, while seated upon the marinaof Smyrna,
June 21, 1853, was seized by a body of armed
Greeks employed by the Austrian consul gen-
eral, thrust into a boat, and carried on board the
Austrian brig of war Hussar. Captain Ingra-
ham, of the United States frigate St. Louis,
arrived in that port the next day. He was told
of the affair. He visited Koszta on board the
Hussar ; found that he had a paper with him
showing that he had declared his intention
while in the United States of becoming a
citizen of such country. Captain Ingraham
demanded the release of Koszta, threatening
to open his batteries on the Hussar if the
Austrian Government refused. Koszta was
released and returned to this country. The
correspondence of Secretary Marcy and Mr.
Hulseman, Austrian charge d'affaires, created
a great excitement at the time, and Congress
voted a gold medal to Captain Ingraham,
August 4, 1854, for his conduct on that occa-
sion. I need not assert that this protection to
adopted citizens occurred under the Democratic
administration of President Pierce.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other instances
of our Government rendering aid to those who
were imprisoned in foreign dungeons. I will cite
two illustrious cases only—Generals La Fay-
ette and Kosciusko. When General La Fayette
was arrested in Germany, andplacedin a loath-
some dungeon-cell at Olmutz, General Wash-
ington, then at the head of this Government,
did not look calmly on and do nothing, but
was active day and night until he obtained his
release; he wrote to every one whom he
thought could further his object in the slightest
degree. What American has not read with
.pride and pleasure the noble and daring at-
tempt of Francis K. Huger, a young Ameri-
can traveler, (the son of the man at whose
home La Fayette stayed the first night after his
landing near Charleston in 1777,) and Dr.
Ballmann, a Hanoverian physician, to release
La Fayette from captivity at Olmutz; their
fight with the German guard; the rescuing of
La Fayette ; the mistake in the road in return-
ing to Hoff; the recapture of La Fayette to-
gether with his brave deliverers, and their
subsequent suffering and imprisonment, fast-
ened to the prison floor with chains about
their necks ? But Washington kept urging
upon the representatives of this country at
London, Madrid, and Paris, the inhumanity
of such conduct, and went so far as to address
a letter to the emperor of Germany, calling
upon him, in the name of Christian humanity,
to set the prisoners free; and at last, after
writing several letters to various public func-
tionaries, La Fayette, Huger, and Ballmann
were released from Olmutz—all through the
instrumentality of Washington.
So with General Kosciusko the noble Polish
patriot. After fighting for and obtaining the in-
dependence of the colonies, his heart throbbed
with sorrow at the fate of his own unhappy
Poland, his native land, and he resolved to
risk his life to make her free. On the bloody
battle-field of Maciejowice he fell, fighting the
usurpers of his country, the odds against him
being four to one. Taken prisoner, he was held
for two years a captive, until Paul succeeded
to the crown of liussia, when he was given his
freedom with a pension. Washington was his
constant friend during his captivity, and was
unceasing in his efforts in obtaining his release;
and to his home at Mount Vernon, almost
within sight of this Capitol, Kosciusko returned
after his release in 1797, welcomed from bond-
age by Washington and the whole American
^Grenerals La Fayette and Kosciusko were both
citizens of this country by adoption. After the
illustrious example of the Father of his Coun-
try interceding and petitioning for them in
their hour of need, how can this Government
now hesitate or waver any longer in its duty ?
