1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4021
sation," insert the following words: "beyond one
hnlf the compensation and mileage."
In section one, line eleven, after the word "con-
test" insert the following words: "or by expiration
of the term, the remainder of."
In section two, line three, strike out the words
" either sitting member or."
1 agree with the gentleman from Illinois, ray
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Buiut,] that
the bill, as it stands, would work injustice. By
the provisions of the first section any person
by serving a notice of contest might stop the
payment, of compensation and mileage to the
sitting member. That mighrtte a great abuse.
I piopose, therefore, to amend this section so
as to divide the compensation and mileage into
two equal parts, and give to the sitting member
one half during the pendency of the contest.
At the end of the contest pay the remaining
half to the successful party.
There is no provision in the bill for the case
where the contest ends by the expiration of
the term of Congress. By the bill such a case
as that would be left unprovided for. I pro-
pose, therefore, to add the words, in line eleven,
after the word "contest," "or by expiration
of the term." In that case the sitting member
would be regarded as the successful party and
receive the remainder of the money. The object
I have in view in proposing these amendments,
to express it very briefly, in the words of my
friend behind me, [Mr. Welkur,] is to put the
parties on half pay until the contest shall have
ended. I suppose the compensation of a mem-
ber of this House is more than is actually neces-
sary; it is probably about twice as much as is
absolutely necessary to keep a man alive and
in good working order in Washington. We
are proceeding on the principle of cutting down
the expenses, and therefore with that view my
proposition is to divide the mileage and com-
pensation into two equal parts. Let the man
who has the seat and is supposed to perform
the duties receive one half. If he is successful
in the contest, let him receive the other half.
If he is unsuccessful, let the successful con-
testant receive that other half. This would
save to the Treasury the expenses of contested-
election eases. 1 propose further, in section two,
to strike out in line three the words "either the
sitting member or contestant," so that only a
successful contestant shall receive compensa-
tion ; and in that case he would receive the
unpaid half of mileage and compensation.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to amend this bill, because I am opposed to the
bill; I think it ought not to be enacted; and
my objection to it is fundamental. I do not
think it is competent for the Congress of the
United States, consisting of the House and the
Senate, to enact a law upon a subject of this
kind that shall bind or control the discretion
of this House. I do not think it is competent
for the Congress of the United States to take
from or diminish the constitutional preroga-
tives of this House. 1 submit that the entire
and exclusive control of all questions con-
nected with contested elections in this House
belongs to this House, and cannot be shared
or divided with the Senate or any other power
in the land, ff this law should be enacted
to day it would not bind the House for one
hour. The House could disregard it this after-
noon, could disregard it to-morrow. It ought
to disregard it always and act upon its own
discretion. This House is the exclusive and
supremo judge of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its own members, and of every-
thing that is incidental to or properly arises
out of those elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions; and I submit that it is a usurpation of
power to undertake by conjoint action of the
two bodies to control or limit the rightful, con-
stitutional, exclusive powers of this House.
I am opposed also to thesecond section upon
the most obvious ground of expediency, and it
is-this: that after the Committee of Elections
shall have carefully examined a contest, shall
have gone through it and examined its facts
and heard its arguments in detail, and shall have
learned all about it, and all about its history,
its circumstances, its expenses, its annoyances,
its pleasant and unpleasant features, thatCoin-
mittee of Elections, above every other com-
mittee in this House, above every other power
on this earth, is then the most competent to
consider and decide what justice requires shall
be done toward the parties to that contest, and
there is no reason why the Committee of Elec-
tions should, just at that point, when its com-
petency is the greatest, be relieved from decid-
ing what shall be paid to the parties to the
contest or that the matter should be sent to the
Committee on Accounts, that knows nothing
about the case, and cannot without a full, labor-
ious, painful examination, repeating substan-
tially the labor of the Committee of Elections,
and to no beneficial result.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle-
man to explain how it is that the House can
disregard this if it becomes a law? I suppose
that if it is the law of the country it will be
entirely beyond the control of the House of
Representatives after its passage, and it cannot
be repealed without the assent of the other
branch of Congress.
Mr. KERR. I have tried to make myself
understood upon that point, and I hope the
gentleman now will take notice that I hold that
the power which is given to these several bodies
to be exercised by each in its separate capa-
city, by itself exclusively, does not belong to
the joint bodies, to be regulated by them by
joint action.
Mr. WELKER. So that, no law can take it
from the House of Repiesentatives. That is
your point-
Mr. KERR. Of course it cannot. In addi-
tion to that, let me call the attention of the
gentleman to the further fact, that the contin-
gent fund of this House, out. of which all these
expenses must be paid, is and must always be
itnder the exclusive and absolute control of the
House itself, and with it the Senate has noth-
ing to do, and should not be allowed to have
anything to do. I hold, in other words, that
what belongs to the respective bodies iu an
exclusive sense, and which is granted to them
by the Constitution, shall be exercised by them
respectively and exclusively. We cannot sur-
render or give away our exclusive powers. Let
the House, then, reform itself, give attention to
its own duties, upon its own responsibility, and
see that these cases of contested elections are
settled justly and judicially, as they should be,
each upon its own particular merits and facts,
both as to which party shall have the seat, and
as to what shall be paid to each or either as
expense of the contest. In this way, and ill
this way only, can the House perform properly
its functions and do justice. It is out of the
neglect of these obvious duties that all the
abuse has grown. I say, therefore, that it is
walking quite outside of the sphere of the right-
ful duties of this House to ask the Senate to
come in here and interpose in the settlement
of these matters, which are exclusively mat-
ters for the control of this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does this bill impose a
like restraint upon the powers of the Senate'!
Mr. KERR. It does not attempt to inter-
fere with the exercise of the powers of that
body in the case of its own members, and it
could not do so without a clear infringement
of the constitutional rights of that body. I sub-
mit, therefore, that this entire bill is upon
principle utterly indefensible, and in point of
expediency it is a bill which should not be
enacted.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. FERifiss] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. PERRISS. I move to amend the sec-
ond section of this bill by adding to it "but
no item of expense exceeding ten dollars in
amount shall bo allowed unless a proper,
voucher for the same shall be produced."
Mr. PAINE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts,-[Mr. Dawes,] the former
chairman of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I find myself at this time
between two fires. The gentleman from Ohio.
[Mr. Sohknck,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, has been in the habit
of charging a great abuse upon the House iu
squandering the contingent fund and stimulat-
ing improper contests of elections, and then
of saying that the former chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections is the cause of it more than
any other one man. Neither of those state-
ments is exactly just. The former chairmau
of the Committee of Elections has never rec-
ommended and has never voted for the com-
pensation of any person engaged in the pros-
ecution of an election contest here which
contest the Committee of Elections did not
decide had been prosecuted in good faith upon
reasonable cause, and he never recommended
that the compensation should go beyond de-
fraying the justand proper expenses incurred
in such a contest. Whatever else has been
voted out of the contingent fund of the House
to contestants has been voted over the Elec-
tion Committee while I had anything to do with
that committee.
Sir, during the time I have been a member of
Congress, up to the close of the last Congress,
there was paid out of the contingent fund of
the House of Representatives to men who tlio
House had decided had no right to one dollar
of that fund the sum of §>173,o9o 79. To men
who the House of Representatives bad decided
had no right to a dollar of the public money as
mcmbersof this House there was paid in those
twelve years over one hundred and seventy-
three thousand dollars. And this present Con-
gress has added more than fifty thousand dollars
to that sum. 1 submit to the House that that
is an evil. During that time there have been
sixty-five election contests in this House up to
the beginning of the present Congress, from the
time I first entered this House, and only sixty-
three election contests in all the years that went
before, and in this Congress there have been
thirty more election contests; making ninety-
five contests for seats in this House in fourteen
years, and only sixty-three contests in the nearly
sixty years preceding. I know that the troub-
lous times duringtlie rebellion have contributed
largely to this result. But before the rebellion
and since the rebellion there has been the sama
increase, and during this Congress there has
been an alarming increase in the number of
contested-election cases.
One thing more. Men have contested seats
in this House year after year and Congress after
Congress, and taken the compensation that
has been voted from tlie-contingent fund of the
House as their compensation during that time.
Men have followed that business for four, live,
and six years at a time.
Again, those individuals who in separate res-
olutions the House has voted were not enti-
tled to one dollar have succeeded when placed
all in one resolution—three of them from tlio
other side of the House, and three of them
from this side of the House—have succeeded
in obtaining 818,000 from the contingent fund
of the House. And this very day 819,500 has
been taken out of the contingent fund of the
House and paid to men who the House has de-
cided—whether right or wrong 1 do not say—-
have no right to a dollar of it; because (lie
House has decided that they have no right to
scats in this body.
Now, is it not worth while to do something?
Toward the close of the last Congress some
gentlemen in this Hall criticised the chairman
of the Committee of Elections because he bad
been illiberal. The gentleman from Ohio LMr.
Scuenck] intimated at that time that bethought.
I was to blatue for all these resolutions. I then
said to gentlemen that I had striven to mtro-
