1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE COJSiU-KESSlONAL GLOBE.
175
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Hooper.
Ho. of Reps.
ous community see fit. to admit the justice of
such claim. It is a religious sect; ithas to-day
vindicated its right to live by works and sacri-
fices which are the admiration even of its ene-
mies. It brings forward certain new doctrines :
of church government; of baptism, even for
their dead; of the marriage relation. Upon
what point is it more probable that light from
above would be given to our race thau upon
the marriage relation? The social problem is
the question of the age. The minds of many
of the foremost men and women of our day
are given to the study of the proper position
and relations of the sexes. The wisest differ—
differ honestly and unavoidably. Endless are
the dispute and clamor of those honestly striv-
ing to do away with the social evil, to amelior-
ate the anomalous condition of the wronged
and suffering women of to-day. And while
this is so, while thousands of the good and
pure of all creeds and parties are invoking the
divine guidance in their efforts for the good
of our fallen humanity, is it strange that the
divine guidance thus earnestly besought should
como; that the prayers of the righteous be
answered? The Mormon people believe that
God has thus spoken; that through Joseph
Smith He has indicated the true solution of
the social questions of our day; and while
they persecute or question no man for differ-
ing honestly with them as to the Divine author-
ity of such revelation, they firmly insist that in
their following of what they believe to be the
will of God they are entitled to the same im-
munity from persecution at the hands of the
Government, and to the same liberty of thought
and speech, wisely secured to other religious
belief's by the Constitution.
Upon the point whether polygamy can prop-
erly be considered as a part of our religious
failh aud practice I beg leave humbly further
to submit, sir, that the decision rests solely on
! lie conscience and belief of the man or woman
'v lio proclaims it to be a religious belief. As
I 'nave said, it is not numbered among the
crimes of that code recognized by all nations
having any form of government under which
criminals are restrained or punished, and to
make it such a new code must be framed.
My people proclaim polygamy as a part of
their religious belief. If they are honest in
this, however much they may be in error, they
stand on their rights under the Constitution,
and to arrest that error you must appeal to
reason and not to force. I am here not to
argue or demonstrate the truthfulness of their
faith; I am not called upon to convince this
honorable House that it is either true or false ;
but if I can convince you that this belief is
honorably and sincerely entertained my object
is accomplished.
It is common to teach, and thousands be-
lieve, that the leaders of the sect of Latter-
day Saints, popularly known as Mormons,
are hypocrites,while their followers are either
ignorant, deluded men and women or people
held to their organization by the vilest impulses
of lust. To refute these slanders I can only
do as the earlier Christians did, point to then-
sufferings and sacrifices, and I may add the
unanimous testimony of all, that aside from
what they consider the objectionable practice
of polygamy, my constituents are sober, moral,
just, and industrious in the eyes of all impar-
tial witnesses. In this community, removed
by long reaches of wastes from the moral in-
fluences ofcivilization.wehave a quiet, orderly,
and Christian community. Our towns are with-
out gambling-hells, drinking-saloons, or broth-
els, while from end to end of our Territory the
innocent can walk unharmed at all hours.
Nor is this due to an organized police, but to
the kind natures and Christian impulses of a
good people. In support of my argument of
their entire sincerity I with confidence appeal
to their history.
The Mormon church was established at Pay-
ette, New York, in the year 1830. In 1831 the
headquarters of the people was removed to
Kirtland, Ohio, and considerable numbers of
missionaries were sent out to preach the new
religion in various parts of the northern States.
Many converts were made, and removed to
Kirtland ; but they were subjected to various
petty annoyances and persecutions by the sur-
rounding people. Land not being abundant or
easily acquired for the rapidly increasing num-
bers the new converts were advised to locate
in Jackson county, Missouri, where land was
abundant and cheap, where in fact but few set-
tlers liad preceded our people. The Mormons
soon became a prosperous and wealthy com-
munity ; the same habits of industry and thrift
which they have ever maintained being even
then vigorously inculcated by their leaders.
Many hundred thousand acres of Government
land were purchased, fine farms and thriving
settlements were established, and the first
printing-press in western Missouri put in oper-
ation. But the wealth acquired by the people
was desired by our neighbors; the lawless bor-
der-men, who afterward made the frontiers of
Kansas their battle-field, attacked, plundered,
and murdered our settlers, and finally drove
them from their delightful homes, which they
appropriated to themselves.
The title to much of the land in Jackson and
other counties is to-day in Mormons who were
then driven from their homes. During the
troubles incident to the expulsion of the Mor-
mons hundreds of men, women, and children
were murdered, or died from diseases caused
by exposure to the inclemencies of the weather.
The wretched refugees afterward located in
Clay, Caldwell, and Daviess counties, Missouri,
where there were almost no settlers, and where,
within a few years, their industries had again
built up thriving settlements and accumulated
large herds of stock. The outrages of Jack-
son county were then repeated, the Mormons
driven from their homes, which were seized
by the marauders, and thousands of women
and children driven forth homeless, and the
prey for the border-ruffians whose cupidity had
been excited by the wealth of the industrious
exiles. Hundreds perished from cold, expo-
sure, and starvation. But their leaders, sus-
tained by an undying faith, again called to-
gether their scattered and impoverished fol-
lowers, and removing to Illinois, founded the
city of Nauvoo.
For several years they were comparatively
undisturbed. They built up one of the most
thriving and beautiful cities of the State. Far
as the eye could reach from the eminence of
their temple the well-tilled farms and gardens,
the comfortable farm-houses, the mills and
factories and well-filled schools attested the
industry, the thrift, and the wealth of the once
persecuted people. But again their wealth
created envy in the lawless border-men of the
new State. Without what even their enemies
claim was justifiable cause, and in a manner
which Governor Ford characterized as a per-
manent disgrace to the people of the State,
they were attacked, pillaged, and driven across
the river, their houses burned, their women
and children driven forth unsheltered in the
inclement season of the year, their leaders
brutally murdered.
'The annals of religious persecution, so fruit-
ful of cruel abuse, can give nothing more
pitiable and heartrending than the scenes
which followed this last expulsion. Aged men
and women, the sick and feeble, children of
tender years, and the wounded, driven into the
flats of the river, yet in sight of their once
happy houses, to perish from exposure and star-
vation. While over our broad land the church-
bells of Christian communities were ringing
out peace and good-will to men : while to the
churches thronged thousands to hear preached
the
poor,]
were driven in violence from their houses to
perish like wild beasts in the swamps and
wilderness. The gentlemen charge us with
hyprocrisy and depraved lusts for motives with
such a record as this to mock their charges!
The world has many hypocrites, and is well
filled with wicked men, but they keep about
them the recompense of sin, and have other
histories than this I give you, and which his-
tory no man can deny. • •
Word went out to the world that Mormonism
had finally been annihilated. But again the
scattered hosts were gathered together, and
set out on a pilgrimage that since that of the
children of Israel has been without parallel in
the history of the human race. They liad no
stores; they were beggared in the world's
goods, yet with earnest religious enthusiasm
they toiled on through unknown deserts, over
unexplored mountain ranges, and across plains
haunted by savages only less cruel than the
white Christians who had driven them forth in
search of that promised land where at last they
could worship God in accordance with the dic-
tates of their own consciences and find un-
broken that covenant of the Constitution which
guards this sacred right. Bagged, foot-soiv,
starving, and wretched they wandered on.
Delicately nurtured women and their little
children dug roots, or subsisted on the bark
of trees or the hides of animals. From Nau-
voo to Salt Lake, the valley of their promised
land—fifteen hundred miles—there is to-day
scarce a mile along that dreary and terrible
road where does not repose the body of some
weary one whom famine or sickness or the
merciless savage caused to perish by the way.
It was while on this pilgrimage that an order
came from the Government for five hundred
men to serve as soldiers in the Mexican war.
The order was promptly obeyed. These devoted
men who had received only cruel persecution
from the people they were called upon to pro
tcct on the field of battle dedicated their poor,
helpless wives to God and themselves to their
country. Leaving their families to struggle on
as best they could these brave, patriotic men
followed our flag into New Mexico and Cali-
fornia, and were at last disbanded at San Diego
with high praise from their officers, but with
scanty means to return to those they loved,
and whom they had left to suffer, and perhaps
to perish on the way.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, three times did thisper-
secuted people, before their location in Utah,
build up for themselves pleasant and prosper-
ous homes, and by their industry surround
themselves with all the comforts and appliances
of wealth; and three times were they, by an
unprincipled and outrageous mob, driven from
their possessions and reduced to abject pov-
erty. And bear it in mind that in every in-
stance the leaders of these organized mobs
offered to all who would abandon and deny
their faith toleration and the possession of
their homes and wealth. But they refused the
tempting snare. They rejoiced that they were
thought worthy to suffer for the Master, and,
rather than to deny their faith they welcomed
privation ; they sacrificed all that earth could
offer; they died the saintly martyr's death.
Mr. Speaker, is this shining record that of a
community of hypocrites? What other Chris-
tian denomination of our country can show
higher evidences of earnestness, of devoted
self-sacrifice for the preservation of their reli-
gious faith?
In further presentation of my argument, Mr.
Speaker, that the doctrine of polygamy is an
essential feature in our religious faith, and that
in our adherence thereto we are advocating no
new or unsupported theory of marriage, 1 crave
the indulgence of the House while I cite some
few from the numerous writers of weight and
