4966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
teen per cent..; bat the bank reports show that
the reserve kept on hand is actually not less
than twenty per cent. The banks of redemp-
tion keep on hand a reserve of twenty-five per
cent., though they are required to keep only
twenty-five per cent. The banks in the city
of New York keep an average reserve of
thirty-four per cent. This is a broad margin
beyond the amount which the law requires;
but it is the margin which all safe bankers con-
sider to be a proper measure of reserve under the
law. As the law requires the banks to raalce
reports every thirty days, they do not work up
very closely to the limitation fixed by law.
Practically there is a reserve of not less than
twenty per cent. Now, twenty per cent, upon
$45,000,000 is $9,000,000 of contraction ; or,
as the gentleman from Illinois has slated, when
the $45,000,000 of throe per cent, certificates
shall be retired $45,000,OOOof banknotes must
take their place. The reserves of these banks
will amount to over nine million dollars. So
that, by the most favorable calculation which
the friends of this btll can make, there is a dis-
tinct contraction of the currency to the extent
of not less than $9,000,000 ; and this, too, at a
time when the business interests of the South
and West, where banking facilities are not
extended, require a large proportion of cur-
rency, as their business cannot be done upon
checks and credits.
For all these reasons, the statement of which
might be greatly extended, I think it is the
wisest policy for the House to reject this report
and to send the subject to a new committee of
conference. If in this manner the measure
cannot bo reformed so as to prevent contrac-
tion then in my judgment it will be much bet-
ter that the bill should fail, and at the next
session that we may be able to mature some
measure which will mdke the necessary reform-
ation of our banking system.
Mr. JUDD. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I propose to dis-
cuss this report very briefly. There seems to
be some controversy among gentlemen who
are experts in banking, as to whether this bill
in the form now reported will expand or con-
tract the currency. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency said yesterday,
in answer to a question of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleu,] thai the measure
would be one of expansion. His language is
this:
"There are now outstanding some $45,000,000 of
three per cent, certificates, which tho law permits
to bo used by tho banks as reserves. At the present
time all but &■!,000,000 of those certificates are held,
mid hn.ve been tor the last year ami a half, mainly
m New York city as bank reserves. There are. there-
fore, only 13,000,0'JO which arc held as reserves, and
to that extent perform the functions of greenbacks,
ami must bo replaced by greenbacks when retired
under this bill. Hiis bill, therefore, withdraws these
interest-bearing certificates, and authorizes an en-
largement of the national bank currency by exactly
815,000.000."
Other gentlemen of this House differ with
the gentleman from Ohio and consider this
bill a measure of contraction. Now, my hum-
ble opinion is that it does not amount to much
cither way. I think that perhaps it will operate
in the first place as a measure of contraction ;
but, in the end it will introduce the worst ex-
pansive system that this country has ever wit-
nessed. On (his subject I quote the remarks
of an editorial in the New York Evening lJost,
referring to tho report of the committee of
conference on this bill:
"This measure will not satisfy fUe advocates of
expansion, bccause itcontracts the legal-tender basis
o.f banking, while increasing the paper and credits
that depend on it, and so makes tho business less
secure. Still less will it satisfy the friends of con-
traction, because it is a step backward in tho way
to specie payments, and will ultimately produce an
enormous additional inflation of bank credits. But
it ].; particularly offensive to all thoughtful men "—
And this includes, I have no doubt, all the
members of this House—
"who wish for stability in our markets and cur-
rency: tor it threatens first a temporary stringency
in the money centers, to be followed by a groater and
more prolonged period of inflated values than ever.
In short it is a sacrifice of all common business to
speculation."
That cannot have been intended by the gen-
tlemen who framed this report.
One filing is true. Adopt this report, and
the general tendency of our legislation will be
to create uncertainty and what the people of
the country want more than anything else—
what the business of the country wants more
than anything else—is some degree at least of
stability. This Congress will not do its duty
until we give the people some stability. We
have been figuring on this some six months,
and this is tho result. It satisfies neither this
nor the other House; neither contractionists
nor expansionists.
I do not object to this report bccause it is
expansion. It is doubtful if it provides for
expansion. It i3 not contraction in any straight
path. The only straight path to contraction
leads to specie. Ultimately this bill leads to
expansion; but for the present it is contrac-
tion. This is an incongruous measure; and
seems to please those who will get the little
douceur of $25,000,000 of redistribution. Such
redistribution is tantalizing and narrow. But
my chief objection is to the system of national
banks, still kept in the bill. In an elaborate
speech I exhausted all the reason 1 was capa-
ble of producing against this explosive and
dangerous system. It is the great monstrosity
of this country, now burdened down by quack
finance.
Mr. Speaker, I have the record here of gen-
tlemen who voted on the other side on a'bill
proposed by General Sciiexck, in 1809, to
strengthen the public credit of the United
States, approved by President Grant March
18, 180!), the last clause of which is:
"And the United Statos also solemnly pledees its
faith to make provision at tho earliest practicable
period fortiicredemption of thcUnitcd States notes
in coin."
You will be surprised how many of yon on
the other side of tho ilouse voted for that
measure. Yet no one of you has proposed
any legislation to carry that out. When Mr.
McCulloch strove by contraction to bting us to
that result, you followed him ; but being fright-
ened by rumors—I have Mr. Spaulding's book
in my hand to quote from—you took tho back
track, and you are now trying to expand on
the sickly plea, on appeals made with great
vehemence in favor of the West and South
and against the East, not knowing that by
these bills and measures made in pursuance
of such appeals amount t,o nothing. It is like
throwing water into a sieve. If you use the
money in the West or in the South it will come
to the money centers in the end.
I should like to put upon record here some
authorities ; but I find that my time will not
permit—the words of statesmen and of men
whose business it is to understand scientif-
ically all these questions of finance. I have
time only to add the emphatic words of an
English writer, Bonamy Price, on the prin-
ciples of currency, who says that inconvert-
ible currencies are no longer defended. The
nations who adopt them are the objects of a
certain pity, as the victims ot a misfortune
which vanquishes their judgment.
Mr. JUDD. I now yield to my colleague
for live minutes.
Mr. BUIiCHAED. Mr. Speaker, one objec-
tion to the report of the committee of con-
ference is its abandonment of the amount
agreed upon, not only by the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and also by the House,
of $95,000,000, as was shown by the chairman
of the committee, to be distributed to the States
which have less than their proportion of circu-
lation under the existing law. The amount of
deficiencies of the States having less than their
proportion is $94,423,601; so that $95,000,000
would have given us the amount to which we
are entitled. The committee of confere'ice
have abandoned that sum and reported only in
favor of $45,000,000.
Now, I conceive that the conferees on the
part of the House should not have abandoned
the amount we have fixed without a trial on
their part to make some other arrangement
with the conferees on the part of the Senate.
If they wished to avoid contraction, why did
they not attempt to get the Senate conferees
to agree to restore the provisions of the House
substitute to the Senate bill, as reported to the
House by the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency? There was no contraction, or no con-
traction of any great amount, in that bill.
They might have given us at least the $95,000,-
000, with such modifications of the other pro-
visions as became necessary. The benefits ol
such a measure would then have reached every
State. They would have reached Illinois: tiiey
would have reached Indiana; they would have
reached every State that has less than its pro-
portion of the currency. But the distribution
of $45,000,000 will only reach a few of the
States, because you must begin with Stales
like Kentucky, Slates like Georgia, which have
now only otic ninth of the amount of eiiculiv
tion to which they arc entitled. You must
begin wiili them ; and this, therefore, will only
reach a few of the States. Other States will
not be reached at all in this distribution ex-
i cept under the $25,000,000 clause, which, as
j shown by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
| Cobuux,] cannot reach them under a year, till
i this amount of $45,000,000 has been fully taken
I up. California has a year to take it. At least
| it must lie offered to her for a year ; and if, as
we know will be the case, she does not take it,
! not until tho end of that time can the other
j States take it. Until the whole $4-5,000,000
I are taken up the $25,000,000 are not to be dis-
! tributed. Under these circumstances I think
; the committee of conference on the part of .
! the House should have made an effort to get
: the conferees oti the part of the Senate to
] agree with them to maintain the provision for
an issue of $95,000,000, which w;ts contained
; in the bill reported to the House.
| And now a word as to this question of con-
I traction or expansion. I do not think that
| this bill will make any great difference, because
| there cannot, be a large amount of contraction.
! I do not believe that these banks that are to be
established will require more than fifteen per
; cent, reserve, two fifths of which can and prob-
| ably will be, sent to the business centers of tho
i States, and will there take the place ol soiuo
i of these certificates that are redeemed, and it,
would only make a difference of perhaps four
or five million dollars of contraction, and that
amount of expansion or contraction in its
effect upon the business of the country would
scarcely be appreciable. I have less to say
against the report iu that respect, although I
prefer the House bill. But I do objcct to an
apportionment made of only $45,000,000, when
all the other States having less than their pro-
portion by virtue of the existing law, are justly
entitled to the full amount of the deficiency,
and which it was provided by our bill they
should receive. I object, therefore, to the re-
port of the committee of conference, aud shall,
by my vote, sustain the motion that there be a,
new committee appointed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FR051 TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpsox,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, tho bill (H.
ft. No. 354} in relation to female clerks in the
Internal Revenue Bureau.
CUKllENCV.
The House resumed tho consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
currency bi'l,
Mr. JUDD. I now yield five minutes to the
! gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Moegax.]
' Mr. MOiiOAN". Mr. Speaker, tbo report of
