1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The unwritten law of humanity demands it.
Such law rises far above all statutes and consti-
tutions; it stands, or should stand, as a higher
law to all civilization. An old writer on the
principles of natural and political laws, nearly
a century ago, thus defines ic:
" There is a law of humanity—a higher law than
that of man'8 enactment—which fixes bounds to the
abstract rights which theformerhas established, and
directs ua to consider not only whether any particu-
lar acta may without injury to ourselves be legally
committed against an enemy, but also whether they
are worthy of a generous and humano conqueror.
By that unwritten law, so far as our own defense and
future security will permit, we must moderate the
evils we inflict upon an enemy by the principles of
humanity."—Dnrlamaqui on Natural and Political
Lme, ed, 1784, part iv, ch. v, sect, vii, p. 275.
Such noble and just principles, I fear, have
no abiding place in the hearts of the President
and his Cabinet. Since Secretary Rawlins
died, our foreign-bom citizens have not had a
friend at court; no one in the Cabinet takes
any interest in their protection or welfare at
home or abroad. This element that makes up
such a large proportion of our population,
which has peopled this country, whom we meet
in thousands upon thousands all through the
land, who have been justly described as the
toiling millions, who have drenched our battle-
fields with their blood, who have built our pub-
lic works, constructed our canals, and strapped
with iron bands this continent from ocean to
ocean, is entirely neglected, and soon such
neglect will ripen into open hostility. Pro-
scription for opinion's sake will soon be heard
in these Halls. The foreign inhabitants of this
country are the persons now at whom such
shafts of malignity will be hurled. The first
blast from the bugle of proscription has been
sounded from the White House. The first annual
message of the President contaius a deliberate
assault upon the good faith which prompts for-
eign-born citizens in being naturalized. This-
is the first time in the history of this country
that the same sentiment was ever expressed in
a message of the President.
The next blast from *he bugle was heard in
this Hall. It was from the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] and a more sub-
servient and truckling effusion to the glory of
England never was heard before by me. What
could have induced such remarks I am at a loss
to understand. It could not have been the fear
of the raiders from Canada again invading Ver-
mont, as they did in 1804, for the gentleman
does not live in that part of the State. It must
have been the late visit of Prince Arthur to
this city. Such speech must have been pre-
pared particularly for him, when the prince,
perhaps, might be sitting in the diplomatic gal-
lery. It was a pity that the gentleman missed
the young scion of royalty by two days! If
he had delivered it two days earlier, his royal
highness would have been in the gallery. What
a pity! It would have been the tribute of
a loyal member of a loyal party of a loyal
State to a loyal son of her Majesty Victoria,
queen of Great Britain! And it is to be hoped
that his royal highness will not be unmindful
of the honor so intended, but will present the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] with
some slight token of his esteem and regard.
Perhaps he will transmit to the gentleman the
"pheasant feather," the same insignia of loy-
alty as was worn in the hats of the lords in
waiting upon the occasion of his highness's
visit here. It would be quite appropriate if
the gentleman should wear it at St. Albans in
bis State. That city having once had a band
of outlaws tamed loose upon it from English
soil, would, I should think, be in a good state
of mind to appreciate anything relating to the
English Crown.
Mr. Speaker, nnless this Congress and this
Administration are lost to a just dense of their
duty to the citizens, of this country, they will
inaugurate some effective way to reach her im-
prisoned sons. Enlightened humanity through-
world looks on and wonders at our apa-
t*15r* The high prerogative of this Government
should be exercised, let the consequences be
what they may. I deprecate war. This country
needs peace; not the peace we have had for the
few last years, but real and substantial peace.
But still, if we are to have war again because
we demand the release of unjustly imprisoned
persons who are entitled to their freedom, and
who fire citizens of this nation, then let us have
war. Let our Government first exhaust all
peaceable modes to effect their release, and if
they all shall fail, and if any of our citizens are
confined illegally in British, Spanish, or any
other prisons then let us try forcible means to
procure for them their liberty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORTH. How much of the morning
hour remains ?
Mr. DAWES. I again appeal to the gentle-
man who has charge of this resolution to call
the previous question. If the debate runs on
until to-morrow, it will go from that day until
Tuesday. Unless the previous question shall
be called to-day the discussion will run on for
two days more. I therefore appeal to the gen-
man from Maryland [Mr. Swann] to call the
previous question to-day. He will then have
an hour to close the debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Obtii] is recognized as entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ORTH. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that there are other
questions as important probably to this nation
as questions of voting the people's money out
of the Treasury, and that a few hours devoted
to the discussion of a matter affecting the
national honor and the protection of American
citizens is not asking too much at the hands of
this Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I am not complaining of
that. It is only in reference to the morning
hour that I make the suggestion.
Mr. ORTH. The gentleman is aware that
it is only during the morning hour that our
committee can be heard upon this floor; and
while I and my associates on the Committee on
Foreign Affairs have listened attentively and
profitably to the discussions that have gone
on here by the hour and by the day without
complaint, we feel that we are not trespassing
upon the patience of the House or upon the
rights of any other members of the House in
asking for the consideration of this subject
a few hours at least. I now repeat the ques-
tion, How much of the morning hour remains?
The SPEAKER. Eight minutes.
Mr. ORTH. I yield that time to my col-
league on the committee, from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilkinson.]
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I would
not further participate in the debate upon the
resolution before the House, did I not think
that the discussion thus far had upon it might
create an unjust impression as to the nature
and intent of the proposition itself, as well as
of the action of the committee thereon.
The original resolution which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs assumed
that the information upon which that resolu-
tion was based is true, namely, that the Ameri-
can citizens held as political prisoners under
English authority are treated by that Govern-
ment in a manner unworthy that great nation
and inconsistent with the civilization of theage,
and that it is the duty of the United States to
intervene in behalf of those prisoners in such
manner as to effect the immediate ameliora-
tion of their condition or their prompt release.
The committee did not feel authorized to rec-
ommend the passage of this resolution until,
after full investigation, it shall be found that
the information upon which that resolution was
based is true.
Butregardingthese grave statements to be of
sufficient importance to arrest the attention of
the Government, the committee recommended
the passage of the resolution of inquiry which
was reported to the House by the honorable
member from Maryland, [Mr. Swann.] This
resolution, and the report of the committee
accompanying it, were sustained by the mem-
ber who introduced it in a very clear, forcible
and, in my judgment, wise and patriotic
speech. It was a speech worthy of the distin-
guished gentleman who made it, of the place
where made, and of the occasion which called it
forth. Had the matter ended here I should
have felt no inclination to weary the House
with any remarks of mine. But, sir, the reso-
lution and the speech sustaining it have called
forth a remarkable speech from my colleague
upon the committee, the honorable member
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard.] He attempts
to connect this report and resolution with what
is known in this country as the Fenian organ-
ization, the mainobjectand intent of which was,
as he avers, the dismemberment of the British
empire.
Now, sir, I do not know why it was that the
honorable member traveled out of the line of
legitimate debate in order to drag the Fenian
organization before this House, unless it was
to make here an official public announcement
of his un-American sympathy for the English
Government in regard to its treatment of the
Irish people; for gentlemen will perceive at
at a glance that neither the original resolution
nor the report of the committee make any
allusion whatever to this class of our adopted
citizens. They were both silent in this regard.
They address themselves to that charity which
is the handmaid of civilization and is the chief
corner-stone of religion itself. I was therefore
surprised that this proposition should meet with
any opposition on this floor ; and I regret that
this opposition should come from a member
of the committee.
But, Mr. Speaker, since my honorable col-
league has seen fit to drag the Fenians, as they
are called, into this Chamber and to arraign
them before the bar of public opinion, ex-
pressing at the same time his strong sympathy
for the English Government, I trust it will not
be considered out of place if I should express
my dissent from the views uttered by my hon-
orable friend in this debate.
Sir, it may be and no doubt is true that in
some instances, and, if you please, in most
instances, this Fenian organization has not
been managed in the interests of the people of
Ireland. A nd it is difficult to see where, in any
case, it has worked to the benefit of those in
whose interest it was started. I take no issuo
with my friend from Vermont on this point. I
think it has been guided throughout by the ill-
advised counsels of enthusiastic and over-san-
guine leaders; but it has been backed up and
sustained by an ardent people whose only
longing has been for Irish nationality.
It is said that in this foolish and ill-timed
endeavor these people have invaded English
soil and have violated English law. We all
know that in some cases this is so; but we also
know that other parties, being found within [the
jurisdiction of England, have been arrested
and thrust into prison upon the mere suspicion
that they were there in furtherance of the ob-
jects of the Fenian organization^ of which they
were known to be members in the United
States.
I do not mean to say that any of these political
prisoners have been tried and convicted in the
English courts solely upon proofs of acts done
within the jurisdiction of the United States.
But I do mean to say that the proof is abundant
which goes to establish the fact that citizens
of the United States have been arrested and
thrust into loathsome prisons, in company with
the most vile and degraded criminals, with no
substantial proof whatever that the parties
thus arrested had committed any overt acts
against the law within the jurisdiction of the
English Government.
It is true that in some cases the parties thus
imprisoned were after a long confinement re-
leased for want of proof of any personal viola-
tion of English law within English jurisdiction;
but such release did not atone for their long
incarceration or for the inhumanity with which
