176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 23,
Ho. op Reps.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Hooper.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
authority in the Christian church who
illustrated, or supported the doctrine.
Now, sir, far be it from me to undertake to
teach this learned House, and above all the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Territories, great theological truths. If there
be any subject with which this honorable body
is especially conversant, it is theology. I have
heard more Scripture quoted here, and more
morality taught, than in any other place it was
ever my fortune to serve. With great diffidence,
then, I venture to suggest to the supporters of
this bill, that while polygamy had its origin in
Holy Writ, taught, as I have said before, by
the greatest of all law-makers, and not only
tolerated, but explicitly commanded by the
Almighty, as I shall presently show, monog-
amy, or the system of marriage now recognized
by so many Christian nations, originated among
the pagans of ancient Greece and Rome.
I know, sir, that the report accompanying
the bill fetches vast stores of theological in-
formation to bear; informs us that polygamy
is contrary to the divine economy, and refers
to the marriage of the first human couple, and
cites the further testimony of the Bible and
that of the history of the world. Setting aside
the last named as slightly too voluminous for
critical examination in the present discussion,
we will take up, as briefly as possible, the
divine authorities, and the commentaries and
discussions thereon by eminent Christian writ-
ers, and see how far iny people have been
misled by clinging to them. As for the illus-
trious example quoted of our first parents, all
that can be said of their marriage is that it was
exhaustive. Adam married all the women in
the world, and if we would find teaching by
example we must go among his descendants,
where examples can be found among the
favored people of God, whose laws were of
divine origin, and whose conduct received sanc-
tion or punishment at His hands.
Attheperiodofthe Reformation in Germany,
during the early part of the sixteenth century,
those great reformers, Luther, Melancthon,
Swingle, and Bucer, held a solemn consulta-
tion at Wittenberg on the question "whether
it is contrary to the divine law for a man to
have two wives at once?" and decided unan-
imously that it was not; and upon the author-
ity of this decision Philip, Landgrave of Hesse,
actually married a second wife, his first being
still alive. This fact is recorded in D'Aubign6's
History of the Reformation, and by other au-
thors of that period.
Dr. Hugo Grotius, a celebrated Dutch jurist,
and statesman, and most eminent law-writer
of the seventeenth century, states that "the
Jewish laws allow a plurality of wives to one
man."
Hon. John Selden, a distinguished English
author and statesman, a member of Parliament
for Lancaster in 1G24, and who represented the
University of Oxford in the Long Parliament
of 1G40, in his work entitled '' Uxor llebraica,''
the Hebrew Wife, says that " polygamy was
allowed, not only among the Hebrews, but in
most other nations throughout the world; and
that monogamy is a modern and a European
custom, almost unknown to the ancient world.''
Dr. Samuel Puffendorf, professor of law in
tlieUniversity of Heidelberg, in Germany, and
afterward of Lund, in Sweden, who wrote dur-
ing the latter part of the seventeenth century,
in his great work on the law. of nature and of
nations, says that "the Mosaic law was so far
from forbidding this custom (polygamy) that
it seems in several places to suppose itand
in another place he says, in reference to the
rightfulness thereof, "The polygamy of the
fathers, under the old covenant, is an argu-
ment which ingenuous men must confess to be
unanswerable."
Rev. Gilbert Burnet, bishop of Salisbury, the
particular friend of William III, who was emi-
nent among both historians and theologians,
wrote a tract upon this subject near the begin-
ning of the eighteenth century. The tract was
written on the question, "Is a plurality of
wives in any case lawful under the Gospel?"
"Neither is it (a plurality of wives) anywhere
marked among the blemishes of the patriarchs. Da-
vid's wives, and store of them he had, are termed by
the prophet God's gift to him; yea, a plurality of
wives was made in some eases aduty by Moses's law;
when any died without issue his brother or nearest
kinsman was to marry his wife, for raising up seed
to him; and all were obliged to obey this, under the
hazard of infamy if they refused it; neither is there
any exceptions made for such as were married. From
whence X may faithfully conclude that what God
mado neeessavy in some eases to any degree ean
in no case be sinful initsolf; since God is holy in all
His ways.
"But it is now to be examined if it is forbidden by
the Gospel. A simple and express dischargo of a plu-
rality of wives is nowhere to be found.
"Itis true our Lord discourages divorces, except in
the case of adultery, adding that whosoever puts
away his wife upon any other account commits
adultery: so St. Luke and St. Matthew in one place
have it, or commits adultery against her; so St. Mark
has it, or causes her to commit adultery; so St. Mat-
thew in another place.
" But, says an objcctor, if it be adultery, then, to
take another woman after an unjust divorce, it will
follow that the wife has that right over the husband's
body that ho must touch no other.
"This is indeed plausible, and it is all that can bo
brought from the New Testament which seems con-
vincing; yet it will not be found of weight.
" For it is to be considered that if our Lord had
been to antiquate the plurality of wives, it being so
deeply rooted in tho men of that'ago, confirmed by
such fashions and unquestioned precedents, and liv-
eted by so long a practice. Ho must have done ii.
plainly and authoritatively, and not in such an in-
volved manner as to bo sought out of His words by
the search of logic.
" Neither aro these dark words made more clear
by any of tho apostles in their writings; words aro
to bo carried no lurtlier than tho design upon which
they wero written will load them to; so that of our
Lord being in that placo to strike out divorce so
explicitly, wo must not by a consequence condemn
a plurality of wives, sinco it seems not to have fallen
within tho scope of what our Lord does there disap-
prove.
" Therefore, to conclude this short answer, wherein
many things are hinted which might have been en-
larged into a volume, I see nothing so strong against
a plurality of wives as to balance the groat and vis-
ible imminent hazard that hangs over so many
thousands if it be not allowed."
Rev. Martin Madan, relative of the poet
Cowper, and an accomplished scholar, was
chaplain of the Lock hospital in London dur-
ing the latter part of the eighteenth century.
By his exertions the first chapel for the use of
the unfortunate inmates of that hospital was
built, and then, perhaps for the first time in the
history of England, the gospel was preached
for the special benefit of fallen women. The
sympathies of their benevolent chaplain were
so deeply enlisted in their behalf that he pub-
lished a book upon the subject in 1780, entitled
_"Thelyphthora; or, a Treatise on Female Ruin,
in its Causes, Effects, Consequences, Preven-
tion, and Remedy," which remedy he discov-
ers to be polygamy, and which he discusses in
a very thorough manner in three octavo vol-
umes. I submit copious extracts from this
learned work, which, in addition to being
directly in point in the discussion before us,
illustrate the earnestness and sincerity of tho
author in his efforts to benefit the condition of
fallen women and to prevent the ruin of others:
"Seventhly. I have mentioned the law being ex-
plained by the prophets. These were extraordinary
messengers, whom God raised up and sent forth under
a special commission, not only to foretell things to
coino, butto preach to the peoplo, to hold forth the
law, to point out their defections from it, and to call
them to repentance under the severest terms of God's
displeasure unless they obeyed. Their commission
m these respects we find rocorded in Isaiah lviii: 1,
Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet;
show my people their transgression, and the house
of Jacob their sins.' I'his commission was to be faith-
fully executed at the peril of the prophet's own de-
struction, as appears from the solemn charge given to
Ezekiel, chapter in; 18, ' When I say to the wicked,
thou shalt surely die, and thou givest him not warn-
ing, nor spoakest to warn the wicked to save his life
the samewieked man shall die in his iniquity, but his
blood will I require at thine hand.'
"These prophets executed their commissions very
unfaithfully toward God and the people, as well as
most dangerously for themselves, if a plurality of
wives was sin against God's law, for it was the com-
mon practice of the whole nation, from the prince
on the throne to the lowest of the people; and yet
neither Isaiah, Jeremiah, nor any of the prophets
bore the least testimony against it. They reproved
them sharply and plainly for defiling their neighbors'
wives, as Jeremiah, v:8; xxix:23; in which fifth
chapter we not only find the prophet bearing testi-
mony against adultery, but against whoredom and
fornication, (verse 7.) for that they assembled them-
selves by troops in the harlot's houses. Mot a word
against polygamy. How is it possible, in any reason,
to think that this, if asin, should never be mentioned
as such by God, by Moses, or any of the prophets?
" Lastly, in the Old Testament plural marriage was
not only allowed in all cases, but in some commanded.
Here, for example, is the law, (Duet, xxv; 5-10; 'If
brethern dwell together, and one of them die and
have no child, tho wife of the dead shall not marry
without unto a stranger; her husband's brother shall
go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and per-
form the duty of a husband's brother unto her. And
it shall be that tho first-born that sho bcareth shall
succeed in the name of the brother which is dead, that
his name be not put out of Israel,' &c.
' "This law must certainly be looked upon as an
exception from the general law, (Leviticus xviii • 16,)
and the reason of it appears in the lawitself, namely:
"l'o preserve inheritances in tho families to which
they belonged.'" ' *•
"As there was no law against plurality of wives,
thore was nothing to exempt a married man from the
obligation of marrying his brother's widow."
4 " For to let us suppose that not
only the surviving brother, but all the near kins-
men, to whom the marriage of the widow and the
redemption of tho inheritance belonged, were mar-
ried men—if that exempted them from the obliga-
tion of this law—as they could not redeem the inher-
itance unless they married thewidow, (Ruth iv; 5)—
the widow be tempted to marry a stranger, to put
herself and the inheritance into his hands, and the
whole reason assigned for the law itself, that of rais-
ing up seed to the deceased, to preserve the inher-
itance in his family that his name be not put out of
Israel, iall to the ground. For which weighty reasons,
as there was evidently no law against a plurality ol
wives, there could be no exemption of a man from
the positive duty of this law because he was married.
As we say, ' Ubi cadit ratio, ibi idem jus,'
" I will now hasten to the examination of a notion
which I fear is too common among us, and on which
what is usually said and thought on the subject of a
plurality ot wives is for tho most part built; I mean
thatof representing Christ as appearing in the world
as ' a now lawgiver, who was to introduce a more
pure andpcrlect system of morality than that ot tho
law which was given by Moses.' This horrible bla«-
phoiny against the holiness and perfection of God'.;
law, as well as against the truth of Christ, who de-
clared that He came not to destroy tho law, but to
fulfill it—this utter contradiction both of tho law
and Gospel—was the foundation on which the hero-
tic. Soeinius, built all his other abominable errors.
' Christ most solemnly declared that heaven and
earth could sooner pass than one jot or tittle pass
from tho law. Think not, said He, that I am eoino
to destroy the law or tho prophets; I am not come
to destroy, but to fulfill. So far from abrogating tho
law, or rule of life, which had beon delivered by the
hand of Moses, or setting up a new law in opposition
to it, He came into the world to be subject to it in
all things, and so to fulfill the whole righteousness of
it. (Matt: iii: 15.) To magnify and make it honor-
able, (Isaiah xiii: 21,) even by His obedience unto
death, fepeaking in tho spirit of prophecy, (Psalms
xl:8,) He says; 'Lo, I come; in the volume of the
book it is written of me. I delight to do thy will, 0
my God; yea. Thy law is within my heart.' And in
llis public ministry how uniformly doth he speak
the same thing?
" If we attend to our Saviour's preaching, and espe-
cially to that heavenly discourse delivered from the
mount, wo shall find llim a most zealous advocate
for tho law of God, as delivered by Moses. We shall
iind Him stripping it of tho false glosses by which
the Jewish rabbis had obscureaorperverted its mean-
ing, and restoring it to that purity and spirituality
by which it reacheth even to the thoughts and in-
tents of the heart. I'or instance, when lie is about
to enter upon a faithful exposition of the moral law,
lest His hearers should imagine that what He was
about to say was contrary to the law of the Old Tes-
tament, being so different from the teachings of tho
Scribes and Pharisees, Ho prefaces His discourse
with those remarkablo words, (Matthew v: 17-20-)
' Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the
prophets; I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill;
for verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass,
one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the
law till all be fulfilled.'
"Lot us take a nearer and more critical view of
those passages of the Gospel in which Christ is sup-
posed to condemn thoplurality of wives as adultery,
iho first which I shall take notice of as introductory
to the rest, is Matthew v: 31-32: 'It hath been said,
whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her
a writing of divorcement. But I say unto you, that
whosoever shallput away his wife, saving for tho cause
ot fornication, causeth her to commit adultery, and
whosoever shall marry her that is divorced, corn-
nutteth adultery.'
" The best and fairest, and indeed the only way to
get at the truth on this, as on every occasion where
religion is concerned, is to lay aside prejudice, from
