2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Why not? For this reason : if he is ordered
to a particular place, as General Arnes was
here ordered to go and remain in Mississippi,
he is not an inhabitant of Mississippi by his own
act, and in order to obtain a domicile there
must be a voluntary inhabitancy. Otherwise
it has no merit at all. If it is an enforced in-
habitancy it has no merit.
I might have mentioned another ease which
has been decided by the supreme court of
Vermont, the case of a man imprisoned; but
although he was oil the jail limits, the court
held that he could not acquire any domicile
there, any inhabitancy there, because be was
under the power of the State, and he had no
choice whether he would remain there or
whether he would not.
So it is with General Ames. He was sent
to Mississippi. True, while there he was ac-
tually resident in Mississippi, but his inhab-
itancy is referred to the superior power that
sent him there and that kept him there. His in-
habitancy was not a voluntary inhabitancy, and
that is necessary in order to create the inhab-
itancy which gives citizenship, which makes a
man domiciled in a place. It was an enforced
inhabitancy, and therefore it is to be referred
to the superior power which sent him there
and which kept him there, and not to any vol-
untary act of his own.
We come, then, to the intention. Certainly,
he might have the intention to remain there;
but the intention without the inhabitancy,
without the voluntary inhabitancy, will not, as
1 have said, suffice. Here, in the nature of
things, according to the great weight of author-
ity, it was impossible that General Ames could
have a voluntary inhabitancy in Mississippi
when at any moment he was subject to the
orders of his Government to send him any-
where on the face of this globe that it saw tit
to order him to go. That, then, is the radical
defect in his title, that he was not sui juris,
- and therefore could not by his own act become
■ a voluntary inhabitant. He might have the
intention ever so strong, the desire ever so
strong, the purpose as strongly as you please,
but yet his inhabitancy there could not be called
voluntary because he was under the power of
the Government, and was sent there by the
Government, and told by the Government to
remain there.
How is it, then, that the English courts in
one of the. cases referred to by the honorable
Senator from New York, and in others to
which I might refer, say that an officer can
acquire a domicile? It is the easiest thing in
ihe world. There is no hardship to General
Ames or any other officer in the matter. All
he has to do is to get leave of absence ; all he
has to do is to get from under the power for
the time being of the Government over his
movements; all he has to do is to be sui juris
for the time being, and then he can become a
voluntary inhabitant of any place he pleases
just as any other man can. There is no hard-
ship, therefore, about it, no difficulty whatso-
ever about it. An officer off duty, an officer on
leave of absence, and who is therefore sui juris
for the time, is as free as any other man, and
he can voluntarily become an inhabitant of any
place he pleases, because he is not sub poies-
tate alterius, and such a man therefore can
acquire a domicile easily enough, become a
citizen easily enough ; but while he is in actual
service, subject every instant of his life to the
orders of his superior, subject to be sent any-
where on God's globe, he cannot be said to
have a free will of his own which makes him a
free inhabitant of the place to which his Gov-
ernment has ordered him. It is a legal im-
possibility, and therefore he cannot become an
inhabitant of that place.
But, sir, again, if the rule were otherwise;
if an officer of the Army or an officer of the
Navy could acquire a new habitation, a new
domicile, a new citizenship, when under actual
orders, certainly every one will say that he
must do so by the most unequivocal acts.
Equivocal acts will not do. There must be
something that is perfectly certain and unequiv-
ocal before he can acquire a new inhabitancy,
even if it be admitted that he can do it at all.
You look in vain for any such thing here.
What are acts that are unequivocal in their
character, that show that a man intends to
change his old domicile and acquire another?
They are usually the purchase of property, not
for speculation, but for homesteads.^ They
are marriage ; the settlement of a family ; the
purchase of a homestead—these are the things
which are unequivocal in their character. Was
General Ames a married man? Not at all.
Did he purchase any homestead? Not at all.
Did he do anything in the eyes of the world
that evinced a change of domicile? He did
not even purchase property for speculation.
I defy any man on this floor to show me one
single act General Ames ever did that mani-
fested an unequivocal intention to become an
inhabitant of Alississippi. It was all simply in
intention; nothing but intention. Look at the
testimony ; it is simply intention without one
single act that shows inhabitancy.
There was nothing that he did which he
would not have done if he had never thought
of becoming a citizen of Mississippi. There
was not a moment's residence in Mississippi
that would not have been equally his residence
there if he had seen fit to remain in the Army
and never thought of becoming a citizen of
Mississippi. He in nowise changed his mode
of life, his inhabitancy, the status of his prop-
erty or the status of his family; not one single
act did he do. The whole thing, then, rests
simply in intention. Unless you are prepared
to change the settled law and say that mere
intention without actual voluntary inhabitancy
can make a man a citizen of a community, and
acquire for him a new domicile, you cannot say
as lawyers that General Ames ever became an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi. You
might just as well say of any officer in the
Army, no matter where he is stationed, that
if he merely forms the intention of becoming
a resident of the place at which he is stationed
that mere intention, without one single act
which would not have taken place in case he
had remained in the Army, in case he had
never thought of changing his status, will be
of itself sufficient to acquire for him a new
domicile and rid him of his old domicile.
I say, Mr. President, not a case can be
found, not a text-book can be found, not a
dictum can be found, which sanctions any such
doctrine at all. If there is anything settledin
the civil law, if there is anything settled by the
common law, if there is anything settled by
the tenor of our statutes, both of the Federal
Government and of the States, it is that in
order to acquire a new domicile, in order to
be relieved from your responsibilities to the
country that gave you birth, or where you have
your present domicile, there must be two
things: first, there must be inhabitancy of the
new domicile, a voluntary inhabitancy, an
inhabitancy within your control to remain or
not to remain; and second, there must be
coupled with that the animus manendi—the
intention to remain. You must have both.
One alone will not suffice.
Coming, then, to the testimony in this case,
there is, as I have said, nothing in the world
but the intention of General Ames, and that
intention so vague, so shadowy, so uncertain
that it may properly be said here, in view of
his own declaration, to have been an intention
dependent upon his being elected to the Sen-
ate of the United States. And with this " lame
and impotent" intention, this contingent, this
conditional intention, this intention upon cer-
tain conditions which were to take place, this
intention without any inhabitancy that was vol-
untary at all—an inhabitancy that was enforced
by his Government, an inhabitancy that if he
had abandoned without having his resignation
accepted by the Government would have con-
demned him to military punishment—with this
lame, crippled, impotent, conditional inten-
tion, it is said that he was an inhabitant of the
State of Mississippi!
Mr. THAYEK. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator, but I desire to ask him a question
for the purpose of eliciting his view on one
point. l)id General Ames have any residence
or inhabitancy anywhere prior to his election
as Senator ; and if so, where?
Mr. THURMAN. I thought my friend from
New York had answered that question so that
it would not be asked again.
Mr. THAYER. I wanted to hear the view
of my friend from Ohio on it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am perfectly willing to
answer. If the Senator will look into Story's
Conflict of Laws he will find that it has been
held that a man could not lose his old residence
until he acquired a new one; that if he were
domiciled, for instance, in Maine, and a citizen
of Maine, he could not cease to be a citizen of
Maine until he became a citizen of some other
State. But the weight of authority, says Story,
is that a man may cease to be domiciled any-
where; and the reason of the thing is plain.
The doctrine that a man must have adomicile
is derived from looking simply at the poor-law
cases. The poor laws are based on the policy
that a pauper is entitled to be supported some-
where, and that it is not in the interest of the
law that he should have no domicile, because
that would leave him without anybody charged
with his support. Hence, the theory of the
poor laws of most of the States and of the
poor law of Great Britain is that until a man
gains a new domicile he does not lose his old
one. But that is for the reason, special to the
poor law, that there should be always some
community bound to the support of that pau-
per. It is by confounding those cases with the
cases which present the general question that
an apparent conflict of authority has arisen ;
but on the general question the weight of au-
thority now is very clear and conclusive that a
man may lose his domicile without having
gained any other. In other words, he may
have no domicile.
I will take the case here of a foreigner com-
ing here. A man leaves his domicile in Europe,
comes here, takes the oath of allegiance to
this Government, and abjures and forever re-
nounces all allegiance to any foreign prince,
potentate, or sovereignty. He has lost his
domicile in Prussia, if he was a Prussian.
Suppose he never does anything which is suf-
ficient under our law to give him adomicile in
the United States; suppose he never settles
at any place animo manendi. Suppose he is
never an inhabitant of anyplace in the United
States animo manendi-, he never acquires
residence here, but he has lost his European
domicile here, having taken the oath of allegi-
ance to us, and abjured all allegiance to every
foreign prince, potentate, and sovereignty,
and by having left Europe and come to Amer-
ica. There is a man without any domicile; he
is cosmopolitan ; he is at large in the United
States ; he has no domicile.
So, too, a man may go'iuto the Army, and by
absolutely renouncing his former domicile, if
he is sui juris, absolutely giving it up, leaving
it with no animo revertendi, as the lawyers say,
no intention of ever returning to it, utterly
abandoning it, and being in the Army or Navy,
he may never acquire a domicile at all as long
as he lives, never be the citizen of any State of
the Union ; and therefore it is no answer to me
to call upon me to tell where was General
Ames's domicile. According to the principles
of the common law his domicile was in Maine.
He was born in Maine, of parents domiciled in
Maine, and was unquestionably a citizen of
Maine at the time of his birth and at the time
that he entered the Military Academy. What
then took place ? His parents changed their
residence to one of the western States, Minne-
sota, I believe, but they did so after General
Ames had become of full age, and when, there-
fore,the change of theparents' domicile effected
