4022.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
duce a bill of this kind, and every one of thetn
said, ''Pat iff. your bill to-morrow, and we will
pass it." I then said to them, "If you wait
till the new Congress commences, when every
gentleman contesting a seat has his friends on
the floor, you will never get the bill through."
It is just as apparent to me to-day that no
measure is going through as it was then.
When a Committee of Elections is of opin-
ion that a claim is based upon reasonable and
proper cause, although the result may be
adverse to the contestant, I hold tliat pub
lie policy, the purity of the ballot-box, and
the proper protection ol" the legitimate right to
seats in this House requires that compensation
should be paid to the man who thus prosecutes
a claim. This is why I am not in favor of the
proposition of the gentleman from Vermont.
Let it he proclaimed to the country that if a
man can by any means, right or wrong—by
violence, by fraud, or by political legerdemain—
succeed in getting a certificate, the man who
prosecutes a claim in opposition to his right
must do so at his own expense, running the
risk of bearing all the costs if the majority of
the House should finally refuse to do him jus-
tice, or if any accident or misconception of his
rights should turn the scale against him; let
this be understood and no man will venture to
contest a seat here. The decision made at
the time the certificate is given will be prac-
. tically the final decision. The frauds which
are increasing alarmingly on the one side and
the other will never be exposed and punished
unless contestants can have their expenses paid,
in cases at least where they show honest aud
reasonable grounds for the contest. Tin's is
the reason the proposition of the gentleman
from Vermont would bo fatal to the whole
system of contesting elections.
The theory of this bill is that the man who
shall ultimately be declared en tilled to the seat
shall receive the pay of a member, (everybody
says this is right and such is the law now,) and
that whoever unsuccessfully prosecutes a con-
test for a seat shall have his just, and honest
expenses paid, nothing more. He must lose
his time, but his expenses are to be paid. The
theory of the bill is that whoever believes he
has an honest claim to a seat will prosecute
his claim, if he can have his expenses paid;
that on this condition he will urge his claim,
though he will not be willing to do so if he
must bear his own expenses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The next business iu order is the
internal tax bill.
Mr. DAWES, in can be allowed, by unan-
imous conscnt, ten minutes additional, I Can
finish what I have to say on this point.
Mr. SCIIENCK. If the House is willing
to grant the gentleman teu minutes, I do not
object.
A Member. I object.
AMERICAN C05IJI1311CB.
Mr. SCHUMAKER obtained leave to have
printed as a part of the debates remarks on the
subject of the reduction of American tonnage.
[See Appendix.]
INTUllNAL TAX BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
tho regular order, the consideration of the bill
(II. 11. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes. The pending sections are
those relative to the income tax, the exemp-
tions therefrom, &c.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state as fully as I may in the few minutes
allowed me, some of tho reasons why I think
the income tax should be continued. In doing
so i hope to reply to some of the atguments
which were presented yesterday on tho other
side of the question.
I quite agree with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. IvelleyJ that the present income
of the Government is larger lhan is needed.
No further proof on that subject is necessary
than the fact that the Secretary of the Treasury
is now paying from twelve to fourteen million
dollars per month upon the national debt.
The question, however, Mr. Speaker, is not
whether we ought to reduce taxation ; on that
point we are all agreed; but the question is
whether in making a reduction of taxation we
ought to take off this income tax. Oil that
question I differ from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kkllhy.] I suppose it will be
admitted that iu levying or reducing taxes we
ought to have in view the greatest good to the
greatest number. This is a just principle in
levying taxes. It is a just principle in read-
justing the taxes of the country. I say, in view
of carrying out t,his principle, the income tax
should be next to the last of the internal rev-
enue taxes of this country to be taken off. The
tax on ardent spirits and tobacco is the tax
which should be kept at the highest point and
kept to the last; and the tax paid by the wealthy
men of the country out of the surplus of their
annual incomes, a tax paid with less incon-
venience and which operates less upon the
mass of the people of the country than any
other, should be next to that.
Mr. Speaker, there is another consideration
which, to my mind,is entirely conclusive against
the abolition of the income tax. It is the only
mode by which a large part of the wealth of
this country can be taxed at all. I call the
attention of the House to the fact that a large
portion of the wealth of this country, as every
gentleman knows, is invested in bonds of the
United States. Every gentleman knows that
those bonds are not taxed either by national,
State, or municipal authority. The only mode
by which this part of tho wealth of the coun-
try can be called upon to contribute anything
toward the support of the national or State
governments of this country is by means of
the tax on incomes. It is provided in the law
under which most of those bonds were issued
that they shall not be taxed by national, State,
or municipal authorities; and it has been
decided by the Supreme Court that they are
exempt from taxation. Abolish the income
tax and the man who 1ias his fortune in these
bonds will continue to receive his interest and
contribute nothing to the support of Govern-
ment, either State or national.
I do not ask these bonds should be taxed; I
would not violate the law or the contract; but
I hold this income tax does in an indirect man-
ner reach these bonds and impose sometax on
them, and I say that the wealth of the country
invested in these bonds ought to contribute
something toward the expenses of Govern ment.
It has been said, Mr. Speaker, that this was
a war tax. Well, sir, every other internal rev-
enue tax we have upon the statute-book was
a war tax. We had no internal taxes before
the war; and this, like the other, was to pay the
expenses of the war, to pay the interest on the
public debt, and to reduce it. If this be a war
tax, then the same argument will apply to the
other internal taxes and to a great part of the
external taxes ; for they, too, were put upon
the statute-book at the present high figure for
the reason that the great expenses growing out
of the war were believed to make them neces-
sary.
It has been also said that there is a provision
in the old law, in the law by which this income
tax was originally provided, that it should not
be continued beyond a certain time. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] insisted
that this nation is bound by the provision of
the old law not to provide for any income tax
beyond 1870. Such is not the case. One
Congress cannot controlthe action of another.
We are independent of all past Congresses
upon this subject. But, sir, the Congress which
passed the income tax law did not attempt to
control the aetion of future Congresses. They
merely provided that the income tax provided
for iu that act should only continue until 1870.
They did not attempt to prohibit the passage
of an income tax law by a future Congress.
Such a provision, if enacted, would have been
absurd and wholly nugatory, but there is no
such provision to be found.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a few words at this point of the discussion, so
as to put myself upon the record just as I
desire. I am for the absolute repeal ot' this
income tax ; and being for its absolute repeal
I design to vote for no modification of the tax
itself, and for no modification of the amount
of exemption, unless by my affirmative vot.e I
can aid in making the bill less objectionable in
these respects. When we come to the amend-
ment to strike out the sections relative to both
the tax and exemption, even should the tax
be diminished and the exemption increased, I
will vote for that proposition, because I wish
to see all traces of an income tax removed
from our statute-books.
I desire to bo upon the record as against
continuing this tax, or re'enacting it, for I
think the people are tired of it, more because
ot' its inquisitorial character than on account
of its amount. Everyman is subjected to its
inconveniences and to its searching interroga-
tories ; and be he of moderate circumstances
or possessed of an income taxable under its
provisions, or even under the existing law
if he be entirely exempt., still he must answer
its questionings, exhibit his stinted means to
his moie prosperous neighbor, or pay the f>en-
alty of not conforming to its exactions. Thus
its repeal is demanded on every side.
It has been well said, and 1 agree to the prop-
osition generally, that taxation is not pleasant;
but this tax has been and is the most annoying
ever imposed, and m my estimation the people
look upon its continuance in any form or to
any amount as for no other purpose than to aid
in the rapid paying off of our public debt. I
believe we ought t,o relieve them of this onerous
burden, and 1 believe we can do so and still
have a balance every year, for the extinguish-
ment of the debt, large enough to sustain our
credit with all creditors.
The monthly statement for the month of
May, which we received from the 'Treasury
Department yesterday, and which has already
been referred to, shows that during the three
months ending the 31st of that month §31,766,-
000 and upward of the debt was paid off, there
having been an average diminution of it per
month, for those three months, of nearly ten
million six hundred thousand dollars. We have
displayed to the world long ago our perfect
ability to pay it all off in a very few years, if
we chose to contiuuethe burdens now so much
and so justly complained of. We have thereby
strengthened our credit greatly, and 1 think we
should now begin to take off the taxes to a large
amount which our people have been paying
toward the reduction ot the immense debt
necessarily incurred during the war.
This is a question in which the entire people
are interested, not any class. Taxation is just
as necessary for the support of the General
Government, State governments, and munici-
pal governments as food is for the sustenance
of the body, and all the members of the body-
politic have something to say about it, especially
as they feel it when it is oppressive. xVll are
willing to contribute their share when by the
actual requirements of the Government they
are called upon. This was clearly shown dur-
ing the existence of the war, and such burdens
when absolutely necessary were never coin-
plained of. When they are unnecessary all
desire to be freed from them ; and now, niter
having proved that the debt can be diminished
at a rapid rate, they would be much better sat-
isfied to be relieved from excessive taxation
and to have the debt canceled at a more mod-
erate rate, say, within §50,000.000 a year, lhan
by such impositions as the income tux and
other uncalled-for taxes, to be required out of
