3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Mr. HOLMAN. A singular feature is that,
as asserted bv some of ray constituents, there
are but two establishments in this country that
manufacture this particular article of iron.
Mr. IlOOPElt. of Massachusetts. It is simply
a rod of irou long enough to go around a bale
of hay.
Mr. HOLMAN. These cheap ties were put
in a classification which imposed upon them a
duty of 125 per cent, ad valorem, when they are
now admitted into the country at a duty of 35
per cent
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose now to put
the duty upon this article at 2 cents per pound.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this interest should
be treated as fairly as the cotton interest is
treated. The duty on this article should not
be higher than the duty imposed upon the arti-
cle used for baling cotton. Both should be put
upon the same common footing, enormous as is
the duty of 1| cents per pound upon cotton ties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Houian.] In doing so I wish
to state that 1 think he is under an otter mis-
apprehension in regard to this article. A
twisted tie is simply a straight piece of round
iron, with one end bent over and twisted around,
ao as to form a loop through which to pass the
other end, and madeof such length as is needed
for baling bay or other articles. The only man-
ufacturers of twisted ties are those manufac-
turers that make iron wire. These twisted
ties are merely pieces of wire cut into the requi-
site lengths—simply iron wire.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman tell ns
how it happened that these simple twisted ties
over No. 16 were put under a rate of 6 cents
per pound ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I fancy
that it was owing, perhaps, to a mistake of the
clerk in making up the bill. These twisted
ties were intended to go in with iron wire, but
accidentally got into other paragraphs. The
moment my attention was called to the matter
I said that it was a mistake.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yet the gentleman op-
posed putting them in at a duty of If cents a
pound.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
I did, because they do not belong with hoops
at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Dees the gentleman think
that these ties used for baling hay should pay
a daty of 1 cent per pound higher than the
hoops used for baling cotton ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. We have
always imposed a higher tariff upon wires,
because they are more expensive articles than
hoops.
Mr. ELDRID6E. I wonld like to a:k the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
a question. He says that this is a very simple
matter. It may be so to him ; but I wish to
ask him whether, in his opinion, it is necessary
that there should be a protection of 2} cents
per ponnd upon this article?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
should be the same protection on this article
as on iron wire, because it is simply iron wire
ent into lengths.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
whether this duty is a protection to the laborer
or to the capitalist; whether he is proposing to
protect the manufacturer or those who labor
for him ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to protect the manufacturer and the
laborer employed in making iron wires. These
articles are simply iron wire, and should bear
the same doty as iron wire.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 wonld like to make a single
remark to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper.] I do not know how this arti-
cle got into s different classification from that
in which it ought to have been put.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. And I
do not know either.
Mr. LOGAN. I remember vary well that I
called the attention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to the fact yesterday. At first
he did not understand that the duty as reported
amounted to 135 per cent, ad valorem. Finally
I showed him a printed circular in which the
calculation had been made, and he admitted
the fact that 5 cents a pound amounts to 135
per oent. ad valorem, and this upon nothing
but hoop iron twisted for the baling of hay.
The committee now propose to make the duty
2} cents per pound, which will amount to 68J
per cent, ad valorem, a higher duty than is
imposed on any other article of corresponding
description. What I have stated is the fact,
and the committee did not know it until yes-
terday, when I called their attention to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Houian] to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana is not in such a form
as to be properly entertained as an amendment
to the amendment. The first question is
whether twisted ties shall be put in.
The CHAIRMAN. And if they be put in
the gentleman from Indiana proposes to fix the
duty upon them.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will properly come
afterward. It is not germane at present.
Mr. HOLMAN. All that is necessary is a
transposition of words, which I propose to
accomplish by a further motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 51, noes 58; no auorum voting.
Tellers were orderea ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Cessna were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 72.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
negative, and the amendment to the amend-
ment is rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Schexck, it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend by
inserting after the word "value," in line three
hundred and sixty-four, the words "whether
rolled or drawn." I will state the object of
this amendment. There has been introduced
a new method of making wire by rolling it in
machinery instead of drawing it; and there has
been a discussion in the custom-house as to
whether wire thus prepared is or is not wire,
or what it is. This amendment is designed to
remove that difficulty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move a farther amend-
ment, to strike out in line three hundred and
sixty-six the words "and one half." The
effect of this will be to make the duty 2 cents,
instead of 2£.
Mr. ALLISON. I see that the bill refers
to not less than No. 16 wire gauge. I wish
to know from the chairman of the Committee
of Wayg and Means when wire begins and when
it ends; that is, whether rolled bar iron or
round or square iron of this diameter would
be wire?
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I am now able
to inform my colleague 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I very much like to hear
the gentleman from Towa [Mr. Allison] and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]but
I am anable to hear them if they address each
other and not the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Iowa
asked me a question, and I was about to an-
swer when the irrepressible gentleman from
Wisconsin intervened.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Wisconsin is never irtepressjble. What I
wished was that the gentleman from Ohio
should be impressive, so we should be able
to hear him.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will very much de-
pend upon the hardness or the thickness or the
softnessof thesubject upon which we undertake
to make an impression. Now, Mr. Chairman,
I am able to give the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Ai.i.isonJthe information which he seeks.
Wire, 1 find, wasdivided originally into twenty-
two gauges. No. 1 is ip°d°ar part of an inch. It
runs up to No. 22, which is jggj part o-f an
inch. Since then coarser wire has been added,
and they have marked with a cipher before No.
1 that which is next larger than No. 1, which
is of an inch, and so on, until the coarsest
wire is iVoj of an inch. This embraces what
is known in the trade as wire.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the chair-
man the definition of wire gauge fixes what is
wire as distinguished from rods. If that be
true, rolled iron of that diameter may be con-
sidered as wire.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not wire above a
certain gauge. It is well known in the trade,
und well known to the custom-houses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
h8s expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. MAYHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. In line three hun-
dred and sixty-seven I move to strike out "2"
and insert "1."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
germane to the pending amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For the purpose
of saying what I desire, I will move a pro
forma amendment. In the old law I observe
we provide for flat iron, round iron, and square
iron. They are distinctly and specifically de-
scribed. Round iron of a certain diameter
bears one rate of duty, while round iion of
another diameter bears another rate of duty.
I do not see in this bill any distinct provision
for round or square iron. When you come t,o
speak of iron wire I understand my colleague to
say, and I think he is correct, that iron wire is a
technical term applying only to certain numbers
of wire gauge, and the thickest and largest
number of iron known to wire gauge is less
than half of an inch in diameter, so that round
iron above of an inch is not wire. I ask
ray colleague whether in this bill thfere is any
provision for round iron above ef an inch,
and whether there is any provision for square
iron ?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a number of
classes of iron not in this bill; but which are
provided for in the law as it is now. There is
as much difference between rods and wire as
there is between macaroni and vermicelli.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to propose an amend-
ment which I think will remove the difficulty.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ill line three hundred
and sixty-nine I move to strike out "4"' and
insert in lieu thereof ",3J;" so it will read,
"less than No. 16 and not less than No. 25
wire gauge, 3£ cents per pound, and in addi-
tion thereto 15 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move in line three hun-
dred and seventy-one to strike out "6" and
insert "4;" so it will read, "less than No. 5
wire gauge, 4 cents per pound, and in addition
thereto 15 per oent. ad valorem."
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move in lin<* three
