1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4967
the committee of conference renders it certain
that the country is not to obtain relief from
the action of Congress. In vain have the peo-
ple from every quarter appealed to us for relief;
in vain has the cry of distress come to us from
the business marts throughout the country j in
vain have the people demanded not only a
more equitable distribution but an increase of
currency. How, sir, have their prayers, their
petitions, their demands, been answered? The
people demauded more currency, and, as if in
derision of their sufferings, the Senate passed a
bill reducing the volume ofcurrency $7,000,000.
The bill came to the House, and for a time it
seemed to be buried in the room of the House
Committee on Banking and Currency. In the
mean time a resolution passed the House by a
large majority directing the Committee on
Banking and Currency to report a hill increas-
ing the volume of currency $50,000,000; but,
instead of obeying the order of the House, that
committee reported a bill reducing the volume
of currency $9,000,000, instead of increasing
it $50,000,000 as directed to do by the House.
And what reason was given for treating the
order of the House with this contempt? Why,
that the Senate insisted upon contracting the
currency, as if the House committee was re-
sponsible to the Senate, and therefore the order
of the House should be treated with contempt.
Now, if it be true that the Senate has the right
to control the action of the House committees ;
if the Senate is to absorb all legislative powers,
then let the House be abolished altogether, and
let the Doge and his council enact the laws.
But the House asserted its right as a concur-
rent branch of the Legislature, and voted down
the bill reported by the committee, by adopting
the substitute of the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] providing for the issue
of $95,000,000 of currency. Then what? A
committee of conference; and my colleague,
whose bill had been voted down, was appointed
chairman of the House conference committee,
to confer with the Senate upon a bill which
the House had substituted in preference to his
own.
The result was not difficult to foresee. A
reportcame; andwhatisit? A reduction of
the currency to the extent of more than eight
millions. The people demanded more money,
and the conference committee proposes to take
from them more than eight millions of what
they now have. The people demanded bread,
and the committee offer them stones. And
what excuse is offered for this trifling with the
House, with their disregard of the interests
and wishes of the people? It is the same old
cry, " The Senate, the Senate will not consent
to give the people more money." Then, sir,
let us at least refuse to allow the business of
the country to become more embarrassed than
at present by still further reducing the amount
of money with which the people have to pay
their taxes and carry on trade.
It is now rendered certain that the Finance
Committees in both branches of Congress seek
to legislate for the exclusive benefit of banker
and bondholder, without regard to_ the rights
and interests of the people. And it is time that
the people should understand that they have
nothing to expect from Congress ; that their
only hope for relief is in themselves, in their
own independent action at the ballot-box.
Sir, this action on the part of Congress seems
very like treating the people as if they were
children ; as if they could be cheated and de-
ceived by all this pretended show of giving
relief. But I warn gentlemen that the people
will understand that it was never intended by
the committees that the country should receive
relief; that any bill to increase the volume of
currency should become law; and to render it
certain, a pretentious plan is paraded before
Congress and the country to create banks with
a specie reserve of one fourth the amount of its
paper circulation, as if every one did not know
that specie-paying banks could not live a week
while there are swarms of larger and stronger
banks whose whole circulation is based on
paper. Start the specie-paying banks to-day,
and the paper-basis bauks will draw from then-
vaults every dollar of-gold to-morrow. It was
not expected that this bill should become a
law, nor will it; but it was intended to tickle
the people by holding out hopes which were
never intended to be realized.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now rise, in
pursuance of notice given to the House, to call
the previous question on this report.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Jcdd] has not yet
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon ; I supposed he had concluded
his remarks.
Mr. J HDD. I do not desire to say anything
more, but I propose to yield to my colleague
[Mr. Ingersoll] for five minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If my colleague [Mr.
Judd] is willing that the order indicated by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] shall
take place, that the previous question shall
now be called and sustained and the debate on
this report closed within an hour, I will con-
sent to take the time that may be allotted to
me after the previous question shall have been
called and sustained.
Mr. J UDD. I have no objection to the pre-
vious question being called at this time.
Mr. GAltFIELD, of Ohio. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered ; which was on agree-
ing to the report of the committee of confer-
ence.
enrolled joint rhsomjtion.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 854) in relation to
female clerks in the Internal Revenue Bureau.
CUKRliNCY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
currency bill, upon which the main question
had been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gakpield] is entitled to the floor for one
hour.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Should the House refuse to agree
to the report of the committee of conference,
will it then be in order to ask for another com-
mittee of confeience?
The SPEAKER. That will then be in order;
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jodd]
having indicated his desire to submit such a
motion the Chair would recognize him for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield
fifteen minutes of my time to the gentleman
fiom Illinois, [Mr. Inoersoia.]
ilr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker. I imagine
that when the people ask Congress for bread
it will hardly do to give them a stone. I re-
gard the present proposition as but little better
than offering the people a stone when we know
that they are asking, if not for bread, for
more money. I think that I am making a state-
ment within bounds when I say that four fifths
of the people of the United States are of opin-
ion that there is now an insufficiency of cir-
culating medium for the legitimate business
demands of the country. If the question were
submitted directly to the vote of the people, in
my judgment four fifths of the entire popula-
tion of the country would vote in favor of an
increase of the currency, and that, too, in the
shape of greenbacks rather than national bank
notes. lu my judgment, the people are not in
a mood to be trifled with on this great financial
question. They understand that the basis ol
their prosperity, or rather the basis ol their
condition, whether it be good or bad, is- the
money basis; and that while this stringency
continues in the supply of money, while it is
next to impossible for the people to get money
at a reasonable rate of interest for the purpose
of carrying on the great industries of the coun-
try, it ia not a healthy and satisfactory condition.
Let us meet this question fairly and squarely,
and, if possible, let us' act as honest, agents a"nd
representatives of the people should act; that,
is, in accordance with the known wishes of the
people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see exactly how
we stand on the question before the House. I
was opposed to the bill as it passed the House
for reasons which I stated at the time, and
which I will now but briefly allude to. It pro-
posed to extend the national bank system, to
which I was opposed, for the reason that-the
system is very expensive to the people and
furnishes them a currency inferior in quality to
the currency issued by the General Government
without cost to them; whereas, for the luxury
of using $800,000,000 of national bank notes,
the people are now paying $20,000,000 in gold
annually. This is wrung trom them in the fojm
of taxation. Yet gentlemen herein Congress,
professing to represent the people, propose to
extend the national bank system, and in such
a manner that while you increase the circula-
tion of the bank notes you contract to a greater
extent the greenback currency, emphatically
the money of the people. I was opposed to
the $95,000,000 bill as passed by the House,
and I am doubly opposed to this report of the
conference committee.
Let us see what the House did the other day.
The House passed a bill extending the national
bauking system $95,000,000. That bill pro-
posed at the same time to retire the $45,000,000
three per cent, certificates. Now, mark you,
the three per cent, certificates answer for the
purpose of a reserve, the same, as the legal-
tender would. But if the banks be relieved
of the three per cent, certificates as a reserve
those certificates do not become a part of the
currency of the country; they will not be used
as a circulating medium. Hence you propose
to withdraw $45,000,000 of a reserve, which is
not currency, and put in its stead $45,000,000
of greenbacks, which is currency. This is a
fact which should not be forgotten in the course
of this discussion.
The bill, as passed by the House, proposed
to take up the three per cent, certificates,
the cheapest interest-bearing indebtedness the
Government has out, and issue $45,000,000 of
national bank-note currency based on five per
cent, bonds or six per cent, gold interest-bear-
ing bonds, as the case may be. By that bill
you proposed to contract the currency $104,-
000,000 directly, if you allow twenty per cent,
as the amount of reserve for circulation alone,
leaving entirely out of the calculation the re-
serve on deposits. The bill as reported by the
committee proposed to take $40,000,000 more
of greenbacks out of the circulation of the
country by taking eighty per cent, on the
$50,000,000, in addition to the $45,000,000
provided by the bill, making a contraction of
$104,000,000. These figures cannot be dis-
puted. Itcannotbe denied that there was pro-
posed a direct contraction of $104,000,000.
But the House struck out by an emphatic vote
the provision which proposed to withdraw from
circulation eighty per cent, of the greenbacks,
and thus $40,000,000 of greenbacks were saved
to the people. Deducting that $40,000,000,
you had a contraction of $04,000,000. Deduct
this from the $95,000,000 provided by the bill,
and you leave an expansion or increase of cur-
rency to the amount of $31,000,000. That bill
was therefore a bill for an expansion to the
amount of $31,000,000, upon this basis of
calculation.
The bill, as sent by the House to the Senate,
provided for the relief of the people by an
expansion or increase of the currency to the
amount ot i£l!i.'ju0,000, provided you make no
