1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
they were treated while they were thus held as
prisoners. ....
Be it known that these were American citi-
zens- Some of theui had imperiled all in de-
fense of the national life of their adopted
country, and had proven upon many a hard-
foiight'baUle-field their love of liberty and their
devotion to the cause of their adopted coun-
try.
But the honorable gentleman says—
"That we should proceed with the utmost caution
whrn we are called upon to express our sympathy
with prisoners, whether of American or foreign birth,
who have been arrested on foreign soil for a viola-
tion of tho laws of a foreign jurisdiction."
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the parties who have
thus been arrested and imprisoned have been
treated, as is alleged, in a cruel and inhuman
manner, and in such way as to outrage the
public judgment of the people of the United
States, I know of no reason why we should
exercise the ''utmostcaution" before express-
ing our sympathy for them.
Sir, I admit that we should be careful to
express our sympathy on the right side, for we
cannot close our eyes to the fact that whatever
opinion or sympathy we may express in this
regard is sure to attract the attention of man-
kind.
By the providence of God this nation is placed
in a condition where it is impossible for us to
act an obscure part in the affairs of other na-
tions. We cannot, if we would, "hide our
light under a bushel." It is therefore all-im-
portant that the sympathy which we do express
shall be consistent with the example which we
have set to the people of other and less favored
lands. These Irish people have been attempt-
ing to walk in the light of the example which
we have set them. Our success has awakened
anew their longing for national independence.
And it would be as strange and unnatural for us
to withhold our sympathy for them now as it
would be for a mother to forsake her first-born.
But it would be still more strange and unnat-
ural for us to sympathize with the oppressors
of this people.
But again the honorable gentleman says :
"Well, sir, I gay now and here that this resolution,
in my judgment, never would have appeared on this
floor, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs would
never have been invited to bring before this House
this report, had it not been that the constituents of
many gentlemen of this House are Irish-American
citizens who sympathize with this effort to divide the
empire of Great Britain and to establish a separate
Government for Ireland. It is, sir, nothing less than
sympathy with an insurrection across the water;
sympathy with an assault upon the integrity of the
kingdom of Great Britain ; and for an expression of
any such sympathy I have not only no kindly feel-
ing, but I mean to enter my protest against it."
Stripped of the cunning contrivances of
speech, I take it that this statement means that
in case the people of Ireland, following in the
light of the example that this Republic has set
them, should strike for national existence and
for Irish liberty, then, as the honorable mem-
ber informs us, he has no kindly feeling for any
such effort, but he takes occasion to enter his
protest against it.
I do not join my friend in his expression
of sympathy for England or the English Gov-
ernment. The events of our late civil war are
too fresh in the minds of all of us, for us to
lorget who, in that great struggle for national
life, were our friends and who were our ene-
mies, These two peoples, the English and the
Irish, both had their sympathies enlisted in
that war ; but they were enlisted on different
sides. The Irish were under and followed the
fortunes of our flag from the first battle of Bull
Run to the final close of that great contest.
Ihe English people, on the other hand, not only
sympathized with our euemies, but labored in
the meanest, most cowardly, and I might say
hypocritical manner, to aid our enemies and
to destroy this Government. The difference
between myself and ray friend from Vermont
*8 that he sympathizes with our enemies in that
severe crisis, while I sympathize with those
who stood firmly with us in the hour of peril
and of danger.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the resolution goes over.
REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIER.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gen-
eral consent of the House that the privileges of
the floor for this day may be accorded to Mr.
John Kitts, the gentleman who stands by ray
side. He was born in Pennsylvania in 1762,
was a soldier in the Revolution, witnessed
the surrender of Cornwallis to Washington at
Yorktown, and also served in the war of 1812
with Great Britain.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent that the
privilege of the floor for this day be extended
to Mr. John Kitts. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
TOOR AND DESTITUTE OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses respecting the bill in aid of the
destitute poor of the District of Columbia.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary relief
of the poor and destitute people of the District of
Columbia, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommcnd to
their respective Houses as follows:
First, that the Senate recede from their disagree-
ment to the first amendment of the House and agree
to the same with amendments, as follows: in line
three of the amendment strike out the word "feed-
ing," and insert in lieu thereof the following words:
" temporary relief in cases of absolute necessity of;"
and add at the end of the amendment the following
words: " that the Secretary of War may agree with
the benevolent associations aforesaid, or with other
persons, to furnish the supplies necessary to carry
this act into effect, whenever in his opinion the same
can be furnished at a cheaper rato than the same can
be done otherwise;" and that the House agree to the
same.
Second, that tho Senate recede from their disagree-
ment to tho amendment of the House.
II. HAMLIN.
JAMES W. NYE,
GEORGE VICKERS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. LOGAN,
BURTON C. COOK,
J. PROCTER KNOTT,
Managers on the part of the Howe.
The question was upon agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a word or two
in reference to this report, so that the House
may understand exactly what it is the committee
recommend. This report leaves the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate as
they were before, except some two or three
verbal amendments and one additional provis-
ion authorizing the Secretary of War to con-
tract—the words are "agree to"—with any
persons to furnish these supplies if they can do
so at a cheaper rate than tJiose supplies can
be furnished by the commissary department.
That is about all the change that is proposed
by the report.
Should the report of the committee of confer-
ence be concurred in, then the bill will provide
that the sum of $30,000 shall be appropriated
by the Congress of the United States for the
benefit of the poor of this District, to be admin-
istered by the Secretary of War through some
proper officer, who shall furnish food and rai-
ment, and whatever else may be necessary, or
to agree with these aid societies or other per-
sons to furnish provisions and other necessaries
if they can do so cheaper than the Department
can do it. That is the meaning of it; nothing
more and nothing less.
I will say further, that in the examination
by the committee of conference of the manner
in which these disbursements have been made
here, they found nothing to lead them to sup-
pose they had not been properly and honestly
distributed. They merely desired to carry out
the views of the House in the distribution of
these supplies.
I now yield to my colleague on the committee
of conference, [Mr. Knott,] the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, I desire simply
to say that I do not wish to be considered as at
all committed to the principle involved in this
bill because I have signed the report of the
committee of conference. That principle I now
condemn, as I have heretofore done, in tuto.
Believing, however, that the House amend-
ment to the Senate bill is infinitely preferable
to that bill, and believing that the amendments
of the committee of conference will render the
amendment of the House still more acceptable,
I have agreed to let them be submitted to tho
House.
The report of the committee of conference
was then adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to the report of
the committee of conference ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of defining by law what shall be understood by tho
term "swamp or overflowed lands," and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
BAYOU TECHE, LOUISIANA.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
been instructed by the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom has been referred the bill
of the House (No. 483) making an appropria-
tion for removing obstructions from the Bayou
Techc, in the State of Louisiana, to ask that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of that bill, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
AMERICAN CLAIMS AQAINST SPAIN. '
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to furnish this House with the reasons, if any, why
the Spanish Government have not paid in coin,
according to the treaty of the 17th of February, 1834,
the interest upon the claims of American citizens
secured thereby, in Paris, every six months in gold,
according to article two thereof, and why the same
has not been distributed to American citizens hold-
ing inscriptions for such interest issued in pursuance
of said treaty; and further, whe-ther any portion
of such inscriptions has been distributed to cred-
itors in legal-tender notes, and, if so, who has had
the advantage of such difference between legal-
tender notes and gold or bill of exchange on Paris.
RANGE-LIGHTS ON ST. CLAIR RIVER.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested at his earliest convenience
to report to tho House estimates for tho construc-
tion of range-lights on the middle ground in the St.
Clair river, opposite the city of St. Clair, in the State
of Michigan.
Mr. LAFLIN. I object.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Reconstruction to
report back House bill No. 350, for the removal
of disabilities of loyal citizens. I will state
that this is a bill providing for the removal,
under certain circumstances, of disabilities of
all persons who have participated in the rebel-
lion. I move that the bill, with accooipanying
amendments, be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order, being the
annual appropriation bill for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
