1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the Unioft, (Mr._ Cessna in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from,
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negley,] as amended on
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] The amendment, a3 amended,
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the following«
Capitol police:
For one captain. $1,800; one lientfentnt, $1,500;
twenty privates, fit $1,080 each, $21,600; and eight
watchmen, at $900 each,$7,200; making in all 832,100,
one half to be paid into the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives, and the other half to be
paid into the contingent fund of the Senate.
And insert tho following:
For one captain, $2,088; two lieutenants, at $1,800
each; thirty privates, at $1,584 each ; twelve watch-
men, at $1,000 each; making in'all$65,160, one half
to be paid into the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives, and the other half to be paid into
the contingent fund of the Senate: Provided, That
no disabled soldier now on the police force gkall be
discharged.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I propose
to make a statement to the House in answer to
my colleague, [Mr. Dawes ;] and in order that
I may do so, I move, as a formal amendment
to the amendment, to strike out the last word.
The learned chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations informed the Honse yesterday
that he did not know why there had been this
increase of expense for this police force from
$55,000 in 1867 to $65,000 in 1869, which sum
it is now proposed to appropriate.: I have had
the means of investigating this matter, and I
state to the House and the country, in defense
of Congress, that we have made no such addi-
tion to the expense for this police force. Be-
fore 1867 there were five watchmen for this
Capitol who were paid by the Interior Depart-
ment and detailed here. In 1867 we provided
that those watchmen should be placed where
they belohged, on the Capitol-roll, at $1,000
apiece; and in that way they have since been
paid, making $9,000 a year. This was really
no increase of expense to the Government.
The Interior Department paid these men prior
to 1867 •, now Congress pays them directly.
I will state how the remainder of this apparent
increase has been made. After the terraces
fedjaeeat to the Capitol were built a watchman
for each of them was asked. Last year the
Committee on Appropriations reported in favor
of the proposition, and the appropriation was
made.
Again, another watchman was found neces-
sary to beep the portico outside free from
nuisances. It had before been in such a con-
dition that no Christian person, male or female,
ought to have gone there. The proposition to
authorize another watchman for the portico
was agreed to. It was then found that there
was no officer to perform any relief duty, and
we provided for another lieutenant. This isthe
entire increase that has been made. There has
been no increase of $10,000 since 1867 in the
appropriation for the Capitol police. This
charge made against Congress shall not be
allowed to pass, so far as I am concerned, with-
out being fully understood by the country; and
I know whereof I affirm. I have the law, here
before me.
Now, let me restate it so thai there shall be
bo mistake about it. In 1867 the Capitol police
consisted of one captain, at $2,088; one lien-
tenant, at $1,800; twenty-nine privates, at
$1,584 each; one watchman, at $1,152, and
nine watchmen paid by the Interior Department,
at about $1,000 each, making ifl all $59,976.
The present force is paid $65,208 per annum.
This increase is caused by placingall the watch-
men on the police pay-roll, and by the appoint-
ment of one additional lieutenant, one addi-
tional policeman—to give three reliefs of ten
men. each and two additional watchmen to
protect the new terraces and keep the nefapor- '
tico of the east front in decent condition; these
last being new duties, caused by the extension
of the Capitol. For the year previous to 1867,
which was before twenty per cent, was added
to all salaries, the police pay:roll was about
forty-two thousand dollars, but did not include
the nine watchmen then paid at the Interior
Department and by the architect, but now paid
out of the police appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.] ,
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. tinder the present appropriation bill
we. have appropriated for thirty police and
watchmen to guard this Capitol^ making in all
; the sum of $32,100, as against ah appropriation
| of $65,208 last year. And I merely wish to say
j to this committee that if they ihtend in earnest
| to cut down the expenses of this Government
this assuredly is one of the places where, we
should begin. We have been told that We
( ought to begin to cut down the expenses of the
| Government, and the Committee on Appro-
I priations have begun here to cut down the
expenses of Congress. Recollect that these
thirty men for whom we propose to appropriate
$82,100, as against the sum of $65,208 paid for
the same service last year, will only be em-
ployed in all probability during four months
in anything like active service during the next
fiscal year. This Congress ought to adjourn
and I presume we all think it will adjourn by
the 1st of July next, and then we shall have no
further session until'the 1st day of December
next, and the session then begun will expire
by limitation on the 4th of March following.
It will be a three-months' session, and perhaps
we may sit one month afterward,  making four
months in. all, when these police and watch-
men will have anything like active service.
For four months, then, these thirty men will
only be required to do anything like active
duty, and for them in this appropriation bill
we appropriate $82,100.
Nowi I do not see why we should keep up
any greater force for such service if we are to
make any pretense whatever to any effort in
cutting down the expenses of the Govern-
ment. In this appropriation bill you will
observe that the appropriations amount to
$19,406,023 40. The estimates of the Depart-
ment were for $21,895,000. We have endeav-
ored, in the bill now before the House, to cut
down the expenditures of the Government, so
far as this bill is concerned, to the extent of
some $2,000,000; but if this House now shall
determine to increase the number of police
and watchmen to guard this Capitol, and to
fun their pay from $32,100 up to $65,208,
when, as I have shown, they will only have four
months of active duty during the next fiscal
year, we shall then have to abandon all claims
for economy, for then we shall prove that we
do not mean it.
If this force is to be increased beeanse these
men are disabled soldiers, then the two hundred
thousand pensionersnow upon the pension-rolls
just as much deserve it as these men. There
are One hundred thousand more who are claim-
ing pensions for services during the war, each
one of whom has just as much claim tobe police-
men here as the few who are here. If we do
not pension enough the disabled soldiers who
are here, then let us give them more; but do
not let us, under the pretense of keeping watch-
men here for the purpose of guarding the Cap-
itol, keep a crowd of men here for whom there
is no use. If we really mean retrenchment and
reform in the administration of this Govern-
ment, the recommendations of the Committee
on Appropriations will be agreed to. We can-
not possibly need a larger force than has been
provided for by the committee. We provide
for one captain, one lieutenant, twenty police-
men, and eight watchmen, at an expense of
$32,100, and I think it is as much as we ought
to be asked to do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. WILLARD. I renew the amendment
and I rise to call the attention of the commit-
tee to a certain comparison. I am as much in
favor of retrenchment as the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations; but at the same
time I think we should retrench in the proper
place. I think we are unwise in the attempt
to reduce the pay of this Capitol police.
I am told, Mr. Chairman, that the Congres-
sional Globe is paid $10 30 per column for
reporting simply. In this morning's Globe the
proceedings of the House yesterday occupy
twenty-four columns of the Globe. There is
paid, therefore, for reporting the proceedings
of this House yesterday $240. But in addition
to that this House voted yesterday that it would
pay $800 to each one of the reporters, which
would be, according to my calculation, some-
thing like five dollars a day to each of them.
Now, if these twenty-four columns were divided
up among the four reporters whom I see at, the
desk reporting for the Globe, it would give them
sixty dollars a piece: and adding the live dol-
lars voted yesterday this would be about sixty-
five dollars a day which we pay somebody for
reporting for the Globe. I have no objection
to the reporters having this if they earn it. I
would much rather that the reporters should
have it thati the Globe. If the reporters get
the money ! make no particular objection to it.
! But when we are paying sixty-five dollars a day
for reporters here—and that is what we are
paying—it seems to me we are attempting to
retrench in the wrong direction when we seek
to cut down the pay of the policemen, some of
them having to work at night, from five dollars
a day to three dollars a day. I am told by a
gentleman nearmethatthe extra compensation
voted yesterday to the Globe reporters was over
ten dollars a day, while I estimated it at five
dollars.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I only institute this as
a comparison. And it seems to me it is not
quite candid and fair for the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, or for that com-
mittee, to insist that we shall keep up these
large salaries. I say it is not right to keep up
these targe salaries and cut down the small sala-
ries. I think these Capitol police earn their
money. Certainly, if they are proper men to be
custodians and guardians of the property here
through the twenty-four hours of the day and
night, they ought to earn $1,500 a year. And
at all events, if this system of keeping up large
salaries is to be followed here, I am in favor
of keeping up the salaries of these watchmen.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont as to the
payment of the reporters of the Globe is
supremely ridiculous. The figures the gentle-
man has given include the setting up of the
type, the press-work, the paper, &c., for the
Daily Globe and the Congressional Globe—in
short all the necessary and incidental expenses
connected with the running of this great estab-
lishment, while the gentleman assumed that
the whole amount which Congress appropriates
for the publication of the Globe is divided
amon" the reporters who are Beated here before
us and in the Senate. I leave the gentleman's
comparison as an argument against this item
of economy which the Committee on Appro-
priations unanimously urge to pass for what
it is worth.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, when he introduced this bill from the
committee, said the bill effected a saving of a
certain amount, I think somewhere about two
million dollars. Now, if gentlemen will take
this bill and look through it they will find
nowhere a place where $2,000t000 is saved;
but they will find all through the bill places
where $1,000 is cut off here, $5,000 there, and
$10,000 somewhere else. If we adopt the
recommendations of the committee on these
items one by One as we reach them their sum
will make up the gross amount.
