1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
about the scarcity of greenbacks out West, as
if there was any particular locality for green-
backs.
Mr. WELKER. Is the gentleman in favor
of a gold currency now ?
Mr. BENTON. Iam; now and atall times,
as a basis.
Mr. WELKER. Then the gentleman has
changed sides with the old Democrats.
Mr. BENTON. I am in favor of gold money,
or paper convertible by the holder at his pleas-
ure into the same ; not rags or irredeemable
paper. The people out West say they want
more currency. If they had anything that would
command these greenbacks they would get
them in Chicago just as well as they would get
them in New York and Boston ; and this prop-
osition to issue more national bank notes or
more greenbacks, in order to inflate the cur-
rency and to supply what is needed out West
is, it seems to me, the most arrant nonsense
that ever entered the minds of sensible men.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. We have plenty of wheat
out there.
Mr. BENTON. Then there I see no rea-
son why you may not have a plenty of green-
backs, or that which circulates as money all
over the country. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] drops in a word, too.
I like to pay my respects to him, he is so con-
sistent in his views on finance. He is in favor
of issuing more greenbacks, while he has often
declared on this floor that to issue them at all
was in direct and palpable violation of the
Constitution, and of course of the oath he has
taken to support it; and ho is also greatly
in favor of continuing to issue this uncon-
stitutional money, with which to pay national
creditors.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. Are you opposed to
greenbacks?
Mr. BENTON. Opposed to them?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes.
Mr. BENTON. I tell my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] as I tell all the gentle-
men on the other side, that I am not iu favor
of anything as money that is not money ; I am
not in favor of continuing in circulation the
notes of the Government unless they are to
be redeemed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But are you in favor of
greenbacks?
Mr. BENTON. I do not consider the note
of anybody, or of any Government, to be good
that is not to be paid at some time. I want
the notes to be paid; I do not want to take
promises for pay, or notes or greenbacks as
money, which are not to be paid.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But you do not say
whether or not you are in favor of greenbacks.
Mr. BENTON. I want the money itself if
accepted as payment. The gentlemen on the
other side talk about greenbacks as if they
were really money or something more than
mere promises to pay money. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] said they used
to have good money out West until they had
these greenbacks forced upon them. They
never had paper that was current throughout
the country till the national bauking system
was adopted. I tell the gentleman there never
was adopted in this country a better system
than the one we now have, only make it free
and the circulation reedemable in gold and
silver.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Are you opposed to
greenbacks?
Mr. BENTON. I caunot answer more than
fifteen or twenty gentlemen in a five-minutes
speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. But you can tell us
whether you are opposed to greenbacks or not.
Mr. BENTON. Opposed to them?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes.
Mr. BENTON. I think it was justifiable
for the Government to issue greenbacks as a
war measure. They are a sort of forced loan
with no security but the faith of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, are you in favor
of them now?
Mr. BENTON. I wantthem redeemed now,
or as soon as practicable, without sacrificing
the business and laboring interests of the
country. But I would have some time when
the Government should resume specie pay-
ments, when we should get somewhere near the
reality of things, when we should approach
what sensible business men sometimes call
"hard-pan." [Laughter.] We have been
floundering long enough, like a man in a
balloon afraid to approach the ground for fear
of a collapse. At all events it seems to me
that our direction should be toward resump-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. With what?
Mr. BENTON. With gold.
Mr. INGERSOLL. How much gold has
the Government to do it with?
Mr. BENTON. What we need is to go back
ns soon as possible to that which is recognized
among the nations of the world as money.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that I have here $102 iu greenbacks
which I would like to have him redeem in gold
this afternoon.
Mr. BENTON. It is not for me to redeem
the money of the Government; but I am in
favor of adopting such a policy that the gen-
tleman will be able to go to the United States
Treasury and get money tor those promises
which he holds. The gentleman and those who
act with him would have the Government issue
more promises, but would make no provision
for paying them. Such a course or policy on
the putt of a wealthy and powerful corporation,
able to provide for all itsjast liabilities, would
nowhere be regarded as in accordance with
good faith, honor, or honesty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sure the
House is much obliged to the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Bextox] for having
relieved the solemnity of these speeches and
brightened up somewhat this discussion. As
we proceed in the concluding portion of the
debate upon this bill I trust we shall be able
to avoid what has been painful to me hereto-
fore, the indulgence in personalities.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. Before the gen-
tleman goes further I wish he would yield to
me for five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wiii do so
with pleasure.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
as one of the conferees on the part of the
House, I stated yesterday my reasons for con-
curring iu the report of the committee of
conference ; but lest I may have been misun-
derstood, especially on my own side of the
House, 1 desire to repeat partially the state-
ment which I then made.
I have bucn constantly opposed to the na-
tional bank system. I believe it to be a per-
nicious system founded upon a false basis, as
any system must bo winch does not rest upon
a currency redeemable in gold and silver,
i But, sir, that system has been adopted by the
| Government tor some years, and is now to
! some extent fastened upon us. If I could
I have my way I would not, prolong its hold
! upon the American people. But as the sys-
| tern is now in operation, and as it affords to
i the people convenience in the way of trade and
commerce, I am in favor of extending its con-
venience to the portion of the country which 1
represent. Sir, any gentleman can see at a
glance how unequally the currency is at present
distributed. Massachusetts, with little more
population than Kentucky, has over fifty-seven
million dollars of this currency, while Ken-
tucky has but $2,250,000. The little State of
Rhode Island has over twelve millions; and
Connecticut, I believe, has about twenty-two
millions; while the States of the West and
Southwest are generally without their due pro-
portion.
Now, sir, it is a very difficult matter to un-
derstand what this House desires upon the
subject of the currency. Members on the Re-
publican side are divided in opinion upon this
question; and we on the Democratic side are
also divided. Some of the Representatives
from the North are opposed to any inflation of
the currency; while we of the West and South-
west are in favor of an inflation to a very con-
siderable extent. In view of the division of
sentiment existing here, I do not know what
will be the judgment of this House. I cannot
anticipate what may be agreeduponwit.il refer-
ence to the proposed increase of the currency
of the country or the extension of banking
facilities to the people. I am, however, in-
clined to believe that unless we adopt this con-
ference report we shall not obtain any measure
of relief during this Congress.
Reflections have been made in this House
upon the course of the House conferees in the
conference. Why, sir, if a conferee should act
as it would seem the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] would have the members of
a committee of conference act, how could the
two Houses of Congress ever come to a com-
mon understanding upon any measure on which
they had disagreed? If the conferees of each
branch are to adhere obstinately to what has
been done by their own body a committee of
conference is an utterly futile proceeding.
The object of a conference is that the two
Houses may come to an agreement; and in
the very nature of things each must be willing
to yield something.
1 assent to this report, not because it accords
entirely with my own views with reference to
the currency or the demands of the people
whom 1 represent, butitdoes in somemeasuro
meet those demands. Inthefirst place, ifcpro-
vides for the redistribution of the $25,000,000
which the northern people now have in excess
of their due proportion ; it provides that this
excess shall be distributed among the people
of the West and South; in other words, among
the States having now less than their due pro-
portion of national bank currency.
Again, sir, it distributes $45,000,000 among
the States which have less than their propor-
tion ; and even admitting the premises of some
gentlemen, that this bill does not inflate the
currency, that it does not increase it although
in the very terms of the first section it pro-
vides for au increase of $45,000,000 to the
currency already existing—admitting that it
contracts it, how does it contract it? It takes
$45,000,000 from the people of the Bast, who
have far more than their share, and gives
it to the people of the South and West. Of
this $45,000,000 of new issue Kentucky gets
33,870,821; Tennessee, $3,009,982; Georgia,
$5,900,038; North Carolina, $3,415,696;
South Carolina, which has now only $125,000
of bank circulation, $3,514,210; Alabama,
$3,401,185; and it gives to "Old Virginia,11
which, under the magnanimous distribution
heretofore made, has now only $400,000—-it
gives to " Old Virginia" $4,095,865. It gives
in the aggregate about twenty-five million dol-
lars for Hie benefit of the people in the States
which have not their fair share now.
1 appeal, sir, to the Representatives of my
own State and of the South and of the "West
to advocate this measure. If they do not do
it they will get nothing, and, in my judgment,
when their constituents understand what this
thing means, when they go home, they will be
reproached for not taking this modicum of
benefit from Congress. In my judgment, if
Congress does not take this report of the con-
ference committee, objectionable as it is to me
iu many respects, we shall get nothing. I only
approved it as a solt of necessity and as the
best thing we can do under the circumstances,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, next addressed
the House. [His remarks will appear in the
Appendix.]
Mr. COX. I move to lay the report of the
committee of conference on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
