1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2137
excavation fjoing on from the time that all of tho shafts
shall rcach tbc requisite level all the time until the
tunnel iscomplctcd. unless connections between some
of tho shafts aro sooner made; and tbc said work
at all tiuies shall be prosecuted continuously and
■without any interruption, except from unavoidable
accident, until the completion of the tunnel, and ofj
tho works which under this agreement aro to be
considered as draining tho mine of the party of tho
second part; and in case of any such interruption
occurring, the causo thereof shall be removed or
remedied and tho work resumed without delay.
"And the parties of the lir^f, purt covenant asd
agree, that on or before the said 1st day of August,
13«>7, thero shall havo been subscribed, in good faith
and by apparently responsible poisons, at least the
sum of $3,000,000, for the purpose of carrying on ;md
completing tho said tunnel and tho lateral Units
hereinafter mentioned: that of said sum at least ten
per cent', slmll have been actually paid in cash; that
during the lirstyear iti which the work shall bo pros-
ecuted. commencing on said 1st day of August, 18i>7,
there shall be expended upon, or on nccountot tho
work, not less than tho sum of $-100,000, and during
each succeedingyear thereafter, unUl the work shall
be completed as to drain thcinine of the party of
the second part within tho meaning of this agree-
ment, not less than tho sum of $200,000, provided (hat
this amount can be advantugoously expended atLer
tho completion of the main tunnel, and that they,
the parries of the first part, will within thirty days
after the expiration ot each year furnish to tho party
ofthosccond part a. full, true, and coned 'iatenienl
of tho expondituies mado on account of tho work
during such year, verified by the oath of tho man-
aging atfont. and f.oriotaiy or book-keeper of the
paitics of the first part.
"Apt.'I. If the work .shall not be commenced on or
hciore the said day, and with said sum of 000,(100
suhscnbed.nnd ten percent, thoroof,actually paid in
cash, as hereinbefore provided, or if, after com-
mencing, the parties of the lirst part shall during any
year fad to expend on account of iho work tho sum
i.f money hereinbefore agreed to bo expended during
such year, this agreement shall, at tho option of tho
party ol the .second part, coaso and determine, ami
thereafter hoof no olivet."
Mr. FITOU. Mr. Speaker, it will bo seen
from tho provisions ol tho contract read by the
Clerk that, tho companies agreed to pay Mr.
.Sutro tin: largo royalty of two dollars a ion on
all ore extracted from their mines whether it
should pa:*;* through that tunnel or not, after
ihc tunnel had reached a point live hundred
feet distant froiu the west fall of tho (Jotn,stock
ledge. But they required the tunnel to bo
commenced on the lat, of August, iyc>7 ; they
required him to commence it not merely at its
mouth, hut at six other points, to commence
it by means of drifts to he run from the bottom
of" three hIkiTis to be Bunk between Urn mouth
of the tunnel and the Comstoek lode, which
nhalts were also to bo commenced by Angus!,
1, 1807, Once ao begun, the work was to be
prosecuted with diligence. The assault once
commenced upon the rock-nbbed fortress
wherein nature had buried her tremmroa was
never to cea.se until the garrison surrendered.
They surrounded their great concession with
eveiy possible guarantee and safeguard. They
required him not merely to commence the tun-
nel at the time and iu the manner demanded
by the contracts, but they required him to ob-
tain lrom responsible parties subscriptions to
the stock of the tunnel company amounting to
the Bum of $U,000,000 by the 1st of August,
of which some )>'00.000 were to be actu-
ally paid in cash. They required him to ex-
pend not less than $400,000 tho first year in
prosecuting the work. They said, as plain as
language could sayt that the very purpose of
t!u! bargain was that the tunnel might speedily
furnish them with that draining, that explora-
tion, that ventilation, that facility of transport-
ation they would otherwise be compelled to
obtain by means of expensive machinery for
hoisting, pumping, and ventilating, and ex-
pensive railroads to be constructed upon the
hurlace from their mines to wood and water.
Tho companies did not give Mr. Sutro a fran-
chise for the purpose of speculation or explora-
tion. They did not give him a right to com-
mence a tunnel at any time within a decade and
complete n at any time within a century, and
bind themselves ami their heirs irrevocably to
pay him two dollars per ton upon all the ore
taken from their mints, whether that ore should
come through that tunnel or not.
Time, as will be seen, was the very essence
of tho contract, so far an the companies were
r
concerned. Time was the central idea, the
pivotal point of the transaction, and no man
who reads those conditions in those contracts
and who believes that the companies mining
on the Comatock lode were other than cor-
porate lunatics, idiotic entities, would believe
that they agreed to give, or did give, or ever
consented that Congress should give to Mr.
Sutro the enormous franchise of commencing
that tunnel at his leisure, prosecuting it at his
leisure, arid compelling them to pay two dol-
lars a ton on all their ore, if and whenever and
however he should conclude to undertake it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask a question? I understand him to
claim that Congress made a mistake in re-
gard to certain legislation enacted in IStiO for
the benelit of this Sutro tunnel. Now, 1 would
like t,o inquire of him whether the entire dele-
gation of the State of Nevada, including its
Representative in this House as well as its two
Senator.", did not support the passage of that
act?
Mr. PITCH. I will answer the gentleman
iu the course of uiy argument.
Mr. FAUNS WOKTI1. I have not examined
tho report presented by the minority of the
eommiuuo, and I should like to ask tho gen-
tleman whether Mr. Sutro has commenced to
make this tunnel and expended money on it
according to the agreement?
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Sutro has not commenced
to make this tunnel, nor lias he expended money
on it, according to the agreement. at all. 1 will
como to that matter before I close.
Mr. FAUNSWOUTH. Then what sort of
reason is there lor requiring the mining com-
panies to pay the two dollars a ton upon the
ore extracted ?
Mr. FITCH. That is the very thing in regard
to which I aru trying to convince tbc House.
1 am afraid there are some members who think
thei o i.-. a reason.
Mr. DHIUS. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an inquiry?
Mr. SAIKiKNT. J object to any further
interruptions.
Mr. FITCH. 1 decline to be interrupted,
ami 1 will state in expinn.-ition (if my doing so
that I think I will lie found to have anticipated
in tho argument 1 am about to make every ques-
tion which uuty be asked, and if 1 fail to answer
any objection which occurs to tho mind of any
gentleman 1 shall be ready after I get through
to 1;,; further questioned ; but 1 declmo toyield
as ] am iirocoedmjj with my argument, my time
being limited.
T >'uy that no man who reads these contracts
can lntlieve I hut. Congress intended to bestow
any tuieli monstrous and outrageous franchise
upon Mr. Sutro a.s is claimed by the construc-
tion now placed upon the third section of the
Sutro tunnel act, <md yet that is exactly what
Congress did ; and it was done in phraseology
so cunning, and Mr. Sutro kept so quiet about
it, that until October last it was never discov-
ered by the companies, nor did they become
aware of its bearing. The companies mining
upon the Comstoek lodo supposed that the
Sutro t unnel project was abandoned ; they did
not think that Congress would ever grant the
subsidy asked by Mr. Sutro; and when tin;
1st day of August, 18(57, passed by, and the
stock was not subscribed, and the money not
paid in, and no money expended, and no.shafts
begun, :uid no tunnel commenced, tlieyknewso
far as they were concerned that even if Con-
gress did grant the subsidy to build a tunnel
or aid in Us construction tilt-y were released
under their contracts from iheir obligation to
pay a royalty of two dollars a ton upon the
ore, which royalty depended upon the tunnel
being commenced at that time.
Mr. FA HNS \V O RT H. If it would not
in terrupt the gentleman I would inquire whether
any court has ever construed this section in a
manner to require the owners of the mines to
pay tiie two dollars?
Mr. FITCH. 1 will answer the gentleman.
The act of Congress requires that the condi-
tion shall be inserted in the patents to the
miners to be issued by the Commissioner of
the Land Office that they shall hold their
mines subject to this condition. Now I want
it understood what that condition was. In-
stead of the third section making the title of
the companies depend ou the fulfillment of
the terms of the contract, as we now ask, the
language is that they shall pay to Mr. Sutro
and his associates a sum of money as royalty,
according to the rates named in certain agree-
ments ; thus merely referring to those con-
tracts as fixing the rate instead of enforcing
tho contracts themselves, as was supposed by
every person when the law was passed, and as
might now be supposed on a superficial and
cursory inspection of it.
Now, sir, I say that those companies knew
that under their contracts they were not bound
to contribute this royalty to Mr. Sutro, because
he did not commence the tunnel at the timo
agreed upon, and after the 1st of August,
1807, whatever expectations they might have
entertained prior to that time that this tunnel
ever would be commenced were abandoned,
and all of them, except a few who granted one
year's extension, relied as before upon other
plans for working their mines.
Since that time there has been constructed,
by means of aid granted by several counties
in Nevada—whether wisely granted or notl do
not say—a railroad from the mines to Carson, a
rnilroadtwenty miles long, for the construction
of which the companies made large advances,
on which railroad the ore is now carried to the
mills and wood and water brought to the mines
at a greatly reduced cost. Since that time they
havo erected new and expensive machinery
, at tho mines for pumping and ventilating and
sinking shafts. Since then they have sunk
shafts to a point within a few hundred feet of
the proposed level of the Sutro tunnel, and
have demonstrated the unpleasant fact that the
ore deposits of the Comstoek ledge do not
grow in value or even continue their value as
tho ledge descends. By means of drifts run
between those shafts they have secured a tol-
erable ventilation of tho mines, and the de-
velopments of the pits have overturned the
theories of science, for below seven hundred
i feet water in considerable quantities exists no
longer. Jn most cases drainage facilities aro
not now needed. In soino of the principal
mines of the Comstoek lode they have not
water enough for their necessary use. I know
that in a pamphlet circulated here a quotation
has been made from an article in a newspaper
published at Virginia City in which it is stated
that there is a large amount of water in the
Ophir shaft. That quotation is disingenuous
and intended to deceive, because the Ophir
shaft referred to is a new shaft not connected
by drifts with any other shafts, and has not yet
gone below what I will designate as the water-
belt.
Now, after these developments made at tho
expense of the companies have shown that the
tunnel is not necessary for the purposes for
which it was originally supposed to be neces
sary, Mr. Sutro comes forward with his great
national work dwindled, so far as the necessi-
ties of the companies mining on the Comstoek
loue are concerned, to thedimensions of a great
| private speculation, and demands tribute of
1 these companies ; demands that they shall pay
him, under this construction of the act of Con-
gress, two dollars a ton on all the ore taken out
of their mines it he concludes to run this tun-
nel at any time at his leisure. Sir, the com-
panies feel that there is no equity, that there
is no justice, that there is no decency in the
demand of Mr. Sutro. In the days of their
prosperity, when labor was high and trans-
portation expensive, and the cost of reducing
the silver ore aboutdouble what it is now, they
passed by millions of tons of low-grade ore
lying within a few hundred feet of the suiface.
I he developments made at th&r expense have
