1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
Why, sir, it is found that this gendarmery,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] called these Capitol policemen, this
force of the Sergeant-at- Arms, when in March
last a certain scene of a peculiar character
occurred in this Hall—it is found that this
t-endarmery has increased from year to year
until it amounts to over forty men. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations believe that now, in
a time of profound peace, when there is no
danger of an assault on the Capitol, when in
addition to this force there is a multitude of
clerks to take care of the papers in the commit-
tee-rooms, and messengers and various em-
ployes to take care of the public property—
they believe that nnder these circumstances
this force can, in the interest of economy, be
reduced to thirty; and furthermore that the
compensation, which amounts in those cases to
that of the highest class clerk in the Depart-
ments, can be cut down to the rate which is
paid to the Metropolitan police of this city, who
are exposed to the weather, who are more
hours upon duty, and who are in danger of their
lives from the assaults of desperate characters.
But, says the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin,] who pretended the other day to be
so strongly in favor of economy that he would
see without emotion six thousand men, many
of them soldiers, discharged from the navy-
yards in the midst of winter without a word of
warning to them, these men ought to be kept
in office in defiance of his own ideas of econ-
omy, because they are useful to show ladie3
about the Capitol and to stand as guide-posts
to point to the different rooms about the Cap-
itol. That is his argument in favor of keeping
up the expenditure under this item. I say
that argument is not good. If the gentleman
was sincere the other day when he voted to
strike out of employment so many thousand
men throughout the navy-yards of the country
he ought now to come to the aid of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in cutting this down
to an amount sufficient to the wants of the
Government, and not keep men here to serve
as chaperons to individuals who may want to
know the way about the Capitol.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman if
he will go with me in abolishing the force
entirely?
Mr. SARGENT. The Capitol police?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; I will not do
that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why not?
Mr. SARGENT. I will not do that because
some force is necessary. But because I believe
that a certain number of men is necessary about
the Capitol I will not vote to employ three
times that number. There is some necessity
that there should be persons at a few of the
avenues which lead into this Capitol building,
but I believe that the present force exceeds
the number actually needed, and that we can
well cut the number down to a proper working
force.
I think one thing should be borne in mind
and cared for, and that is that this force do not
become the masters of Congress instead of the
servants. I point to the fact that on last
Christmas day, when in obedience to an informal
call published in the papers and understood by
every one we wanted to use this Hall in order
to make arrangements to attend the funeral of
Mr. Stanton, members knocked at the west
door of this building in vain and were compelled
to tramp away round through the mud to the
east door, and found three or four men in uni-
form and with brass buttons sitting there, and
when they were requested to open the other
door for the benefit of other members we were
told that it Could not be done, because somebody
"ad made a rule that members of Congress
could not get into their own Hall for a public
occa&ionof that kind on a holiday. It is worth
while to see that this force does not really be-
come the gendarmery which the gentleman
,rom Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] said it was,
and that it does not become our master. But
if properly administered I believe the force is
altogether two large, and I hope the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will be sustained in this
economy.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. I do not desire
to continue this debate any longer than to re-
state this question and leave it to the House.
Members may record their votes upon this
matter in the House, and as they shall determ-
ine they will take the responsibility. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations find forty-five men
employed in watching and as a police force
about this Capitol. They deem thirty men
sufficient, and they propose to save $32,000,
and it is opposed upon this floor. This is for
the next year, a short session of three months,
and we propose to appropriate $32,000 for a
police force to take care of this Capitol during
a session of three months and during the recess.
I propose to call attention, if I may be allowed
in my live minutes, to the arguments.
I do not care to allude to the argument of
my colleague, [Mr. Butler,] that these police-
men are soldiers and must be retained, when
it is shown that every maimed soldier now
upon that force will remain upon it, even if
the force be reduced. I will not refer to his
argument further than to allude to the fact
that the argument comes from one who last
^ear proposed to turn adrift every one of them
and put this Capitol under the surveillance of
the standing Army.
Sir, the anxiety of my colleague lest we
shall cease to administer the affairs of this
Government in a respectable manner, and his
anxiety lest we should propose to sell our seats
and chairs and make pine-board desks and
wooden benches to sit on, and thereby destroy
the respectability of the Administration, is too
apparent to need answer. I assure my col-
league that the respectability of this Adminis-
tration depends less upon the character of the
seats we sit on than it does upon some other
matters which he seems to have overlooked.
In regard to my other colleague, [Mr.Banks,]
I trust he will pardon me if I suggest to him
that I am afraid that those whose money we
propose to spend here unnecessarily to the
tune of $32,000 a year will not be satisfied with
the reason he gave for these fifteen extra police
force ; that is, to keep the people from steal-
ing the bronze doors and carrying off the Dome
■'of the Capitol. [Laughter.]
As to the argument made by some gentle-
men on this floor, that these fifteen extra police-
men are necessary to attend the funeral of
./members, I would say to those gentlemen that
unless we are more earnest in cutting down the
expenditures of the Government our funerals
will be attended to elsewhere, atid without
charge. [Great laughter.]  
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
surprised me more than any one else, as I have
always relied upon him to assist me in any war- j
fare upon unnecessary salaries. He is opposed !
to relieving the Government of the expense j
of these fifteen unnecessary policemen, be- '
cause—why? Because we do not propose to ;
discharge the whole of them. He says if we !
wanted to discharge the whole of these police- !
men he would have gone with us ; but unless 1
we discharge the whole of them these forty-five j
policemen are required; that we cannot dis- i
pense with any one of these forty-five unless ;
we discharge the whole. j
Now, let me read the amounts which have !
been appropriated for the Capitol police since ;
the year 1860, when this building was as large J
as it is now, when the members of the two ;
branches of Congress were as numerous as they
are now, when there was as much necessity for j
a police force here as there is now. In 1861 !
the amount appropriated for the Capitol police
was $16,620; for 1862, and from that to 1865, j
.the amount was each year $11,774 ; in 1865 it i
was $21,608 ; in 1866 it was $19,702; in 1867 I
it was $42,960; in 1868 it was $50,988, with
the twenty per cent, added, making $71,2S8.
This year it is proposed to make it $65,160,
and we propose to reduce it for the short ses-
sion of next year to $32,000.
I am aware of the argument of my friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] that other sal-
aries of an exorbitant character are made. I
know that is the case; but I also know that
every man who is opposed to this particular
proposition will find some other place where
the knife may be put to the expense. I never
found a man yet who agreed with me that this
was jtist the place for our pruning. He will
agree with me in cutting down expenditures
provided! will go somewhere else. And so I
found it in all my journey among the Depart-
ments.
Mr. WILLARD. I voted to strike out the
$800 to each of the reporters of the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. I know that; and that seems
to have exhausted the gentleman. [Laughter. ]
I do not propose to expend any more time upon
the matter.
A few days ago the thunders of assault broke
over my head because I did not call for cutting
down expenditures in this House. I was told
that here where I stood was the place for
reform in that respect. Yet the very first time
I propose to retrench upon these unnecessary
expenditures the gentleman raises his voice
against doing that in part which he proposed
to wipe out entirely last year, putting this
building in charge of a standing army.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment, and call for a vote upon
the original amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Strike out the following- paragraph:
Capitol police:
For one captain, $1,800; one lieutenant, $1,500;
twenty privates, at $1,080 each, $21,600; and eight
watchmen, at $900 each, $7,200; making in all $32,100,
one half to be paid into the contingent fund of tho
House of Representatives, and the other half 1o bo
paid into the contingent fund of the Senate.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Capitol pslice:
For one captain, $2,088; two lieutenants, at $1,800
each; thirty privates, at $1,584 each; twelve watch-
men, at $1,000 each; making in all $65,160, one half
to be paid into the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives, and the other half to be paid into
the contingent fund of the Senate: Provided, That
no disabled soldier now on the police force ahall be
discharged,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to the amendment, to
which everybody will consent. It is to add
after the word " discharged" the words " ex-
cept for misconduct," so as to provide that no
disabled soldier shall be discharged from this
force except for misconduct.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the modification proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will be considered as
adopted.
There was no objection.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Negley, as amended, it was not agreed
to; there being—ayes 25, noes 105.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
striking from the bill the entire paragraph in
regard to Capitol police.
Mr. Chairman, the idea sought to be con-
veyed by several gentlemen who have spoken
On this subject is, as I understand, that this
police force was originated for the purpose of
defending this Capitol. The meaning of this,
I suppose, iB that the twenty men placed on duty
here were designed to repel any attack which
the confederate forces might make upon Wash-
ington. That must be the idea, if there is any
idea embraced in the suggestion, that the twenty
thousand soldiers who were constantly on duty
here during the war, were riot sufficient to per-
form the work of defending Washington, but
that twenty policemen, armed with revolvers
alone, were to be stationed here for the pur-
pose of aiding a large military force, or rather
for the purpose of doing the work without the
