1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
41st Cong....2dSess.
The Tariff—Mr. Mayham.
Ho. of Reps.
mitted, which district shall have been pre-
viously ascertained by law."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, it will be observed
with what scrupulous solicitude our ancestors
watched over this great safeguard of the liber-
ties of the people. Nothing was left to infer-
ence or established precedent, but to. every
citizen was guarantied in this most solemn
manner an impartial trial by a jury of his neigh-
bors and his peers, residents of the district
where the offense was charged.
Now, sir, is there any member of this House
who will claim or pretend that the provisions
of this bill are not in violation of this most
saered feature in our Bill of Rights f The trial
by jury by this bill is worse than abolished, for
its forii^—a sickening farce—remains while its
spirit is utterly gone. A packed jury is worse
than no jury at all. The merest tyro in the
law knows that the essence of a trial by jury
consists in the fact that the accused is tried by a
jury drawn by lot from among his neighbors; a
j ury drawn without previous knowledge, choice,
or selection on the part of the Government; a
jury which will be a fair epitome of the dis-
trict where the offense is charged, and thus
such a tribunal as will agree to no verdict
except such as, substantially, the whole com-
munity would agree to if present and taking
part in the trial. Any other system of trial by
jury is a mockery and a farce. The standard
of public morality varies greatly in a country
so vast as ours, and the principle of a jury trial
recognizes this fact, and wisely provides, in
effect, that no person shall be punished who
when brought to the bar of public opinion in
the community where the alleged offense is
committed is not adjudged to have been guilty
of a crime. This most unconstitutional and
wicked bill before us defies all these well-
established principles, and strikes at the root
of the dearest rights of the citizen. I have an
earnest and abiding faith in the bright future
■ of my native land; but if our national career,
as we may fondly hope, shall stretch out before
us its unending glories, it will be because of
the prompt and decisive rebuke by the Repre-
sentatives of the people here of all such legis-
lation as that sought in the bill before us.
I have touched more fully, Mr. Speaker,
upon the feature of the bill virtually abolishing
jury trial than upon any other because of its
more conspicuous disregard of constitutional
right. But the whole bill, from first to last,
is most damnable iu its provisions and most
unworthy of consideration by the Representa-
tives of a free people. This is an age of great
religious toleration. This bill recalls the fear-
ful days of the Spanish inquisition, or the days
when in New England Quakers were perse-
cuted or banished and witches burned at the
stake. It is but a short time since the coun-
try hailed with satisfaction a treaty negotiated
on the part of a pagan nation through the
efforts of a former member of this body, and
whose recent death has filled our hearts with
sadness, whereby the polygamous Chinese emi-
grants to our shores are proteetedin the enjoy-
ment of their idolatrous faith, and may erect
their temples, stocked with idols, and perform
their (to us) heathenish worship in every part
of our land unquestioned. And while the civil-
ized nations of Europe have combined to sus-
tain and perpetuate a heathen nation practicing
polygamy in its lowest form, and are hailing
with acclamation the approach of its head, the
American Congress is actually deliberating over
a bill which contemplates the destruction of
an industrious people and the expulsion of
the great organizer of border civilization.
Can it be possible that the national Congress
will even for a moment seriously contemplate
the persecution or annihilation of an integral
portion of our citizens, whose industry and
material development are the nation's pride,
because of a slight difference in their religious
faith; a difference, too, not upon the fund-
amental truths of our common Christianity,
but because of their conscientious adherence
to what was once no impropriety even, but a
virtue? This toleration in matters of religion,
which is perhaps the most conspicuous feature
of our civilization, arises not from any indif-
ference to the sacred truths of Christianity,
but from an abiding faith in their impregna-
bility, a national conviction that truth is mighty
and will prevail. We have adopted as our
motto the sentiment of Paul: "Prove all
things; holdfast that which is good." The
ancient Jewish rabbi, in his serene confidence
that God would remember His own, was typical
of the spirit of our age: " Refrain from these
men, and let them alone ; for if this counsel
or this work be of men, it will come to nought ;
but if it be of God, ye cannot overcome it."
I have the honor of representing here a con-
stituency probably the most vigorously lied
about of any people in the nation. I should
insult the good sense of this House and of the
American people didl stoop to a refutation of
the countless falsehoods which have been cir-
culated for years in reference to the people
of Utah. These falsehoods have a common
origin—a desire to plunder the Treasury of
the nation. They are the children of a horde
of bankrupt speculators anxious to grow rich
through the sacrifice even of human life.
During the administration of Mr. Buchanan
a Mormon war was inaugurated, in great meas-
ure through the statements of Judge W. W.
Drummond, a man of infamous character and
life, and who is cited as authority in the report
accompanying this bill. His statement, as
there published, that the Mormons had de-
stroyed all the records, papers, &c., of the
supreme Federal court of the Territory, and
grossly insulted the Federal officers for oppos-
ing such destruction, was, as I have been
informed by unquestionable authority, one of
if not the principal cause of the so-called Mor-
mon war.
An army was sent to Utah ; twenty or thirty
million dollars were expended before the Gov-
ernment bethought itself to inquire whether
such statements were true: then inquiry was
made and it was learned that the whole state-
ment was entirely false ; that the records were
perfect and unimpaired ; * whereupon the war
ended, but not until colossal fortunes were ac-
cumulated by the hangers-on and contractors
for the Army, who had incited the whole affair.
These men, and numerous would-be imitators,
long for the return of that golden age. They
fill the ears of the public with slanders and
with falsehoods; that murders are rife ; that
life and property are unsafe in Utah without
the presence of large armies. They have oven
sometimes induced Federal territorial officers,
through ignorance or design, to become their
tools to help forward their infamous work.
But since the railroad was completed many of
the American people have looked for them-
selves. They see in Utah the most peaceful
and persistently industrious people on the con-
tinent. They judge the tree by its fruits. They
read that a community given up to lust does
Extract from report of Governor Cumming.
Executive Office, Great Salt Lake City,
Utah Territory, May 2,1858.
gIE. •  * * '• * *
Sines my arrival X have been employed in exam-
ining the records of the suprome and district courts,
which I am now prepared to report upon as being
perfect and unimpaired. This will doubtless be ac-
ceptable information to thoso who havo entertained
an impression to the contrary.
I have also examined the legislative records and
other books belongms to the office of the secretary
of State, which are in perfect preservation.
* * + ¥ * a *
Very respectfully, your obedient servant
a. cumming,
Governor of Utah.
Hon. Lewis Cass, .
Secretary of State, Washington City, !)• O.
not build factories and fill the land with thrifty
farms. That a nation of thieves and murder-
ers do not live without intoxicating liquors
and become famous for the products of their
dairies, orchards, and gardens. A corrupt tree
briageth not forth the fruits of temperance,
Christianity, industry, and order.
Mr. Speaker, those who have been so kind
and indulgent as to follow me thus far will have
observed that I have aimed, as best I might, to
show—
1. That under our Constitution we are enti-
tled to be protected in the full and free enjoy-
ment of our religious faith.
2. That our views of the marriage relation
are an essential portion of our religious faith.
8. That in considering the cognizance of the
marriage relation as within the province of
church regulations we are practically in accord
with all other Christian denominations.
4. That in our views of the marriage relation
as a part of our religious belief we are entitled
to immunity from persecution under the Con-
stitution if such views are sincerely held ; that
if such views are erroneous, their eradication
must be by argument and not by force.
5. That of our sincerity we have, both by
words and works and sufferings, given for
nearly forty years abundant proof.
C. That the bill in practically abolishing trial
by jury, as well as in many other respects, is
unconstitutional, uncalled for, and in direct
opposition to that toleration in religious belief
which is characteristic of the nation and age.
It is not permitted, Mr. Speaker, that any
one man should sit as the judge of any other
as regards his religious belief. This is a mat-
ter which rests solely between each individual
and his God. The responsibility cannot be
shifted or divided. It is a matter outside the
domain of legislative action. The world is full
of religious error and delusion, but its eradica-
tion is the work of the moralist and not of the
legislator. Our Constitution throws over all
sincere worshipers, at whatever shrine, its
guarantee of absolute protection. The mo-
ment we assume to judge of the truthfulness
or error of any creed the constitutional guar-
antee is a mockery and a sham.
Three times have my people been dispersed
by mob violence, and each time they have arisen
stronger from the conflict; and now the doc-
trine of violence is proposed in Congress. It
may be the will of the Lord that to unite and
purify us it is necessary for further violence,
suffering, and blood. If so, we humbly and
reverently submit to the will of Him in whose
hands are all the issues of human life. Here-
tofore we have suffered from the violence of
the mob; now the mob are to be clothed iu the
authority of an unconstitutional and oppressive
law. If this course be decided upon I can only
say that the hand that smites us smites the most
sacred guarantees of the Constitution, and the
blind Samson, breaking the pillars, pulls down
upon friend and foe alike the ruins of the State.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. S. L. MAYIIAM,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
March 26, 1870.
The House mot as in Committee of tho Whole, and
resumed the consideration of tho bill (Ii.B. No. 1068)
to amend existing laws relating to the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, the whole
field of argument upon the subject of tariff has
been so thoroughly explored, and the resources
so completely exhausted in this debate, that I
do not pi-opose to repeat the arguments or to
occupy the time of this committee in glean
ing the field from which such a rich harvest oi
