3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of
Robert M. Douglas, of Washington, District
of Columbia, in behalf of William Scott, of
Rockingham county, North Carolina, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition ofD.
J. Parks, of Lauderdale county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
B. H. Apperson, of Red River county, Texas,
praying the removal of his political disabil
ities; which was referred to the selec Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of Joseph
B. Todd, Watauga county, North Carolina;
of Phineas Horton, Wilkes county, North Car-
olina; of R. W. Logan, Rutherford county,
North Carolina; of Samuel Forkner, Surry
county, North Carolina; of John A. Young,
Charlotte, North Carolina; of E. H.Straughan,
Chatham county, North Carolina: and of W.
H. Thomas, Waynesville, North Carolina,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Eliza-
beth 6. McCormick, widow of William J. Mc-
Cormick, deceased, praying compensation for
losseasustained in conseqaence of being ejected
from certain houses which she occupied, by
order of the Secretary of War, January 1,1864;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Grant county, Winconsm, praying the enact-
ment of a law that will entirely abolish the duty
upon tea and coffee and will also greatly reduce
the duty now levied upon sugar and molas-
ses ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Florence O'Brien, of company A, fourth New
York infantry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pennons.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
H. F. Givin, Edward Stewart, David V. Ruck-
man, Adam Stephenson, William Hevener,
and Andrew J. Jones, of Highland county,
Virginia: Charles Herndon, of Richmond, Vir-
ginia ; William Stoakes and Baldwin Foster,
of Matthews county, Virginia; James A. Goal-
der, ofthe county of King and Queen, Virginia;
Jacob L. Gilbert, of Rockingham county, Vir-
ginia; of Thomas S. Gibson, of Lee county,
Virginia; of George Washington Kyle, of
Buckingham county, Virginia; of Newton
Keene, of Loudon county, Virginia; of Wiley
8. Young, of Grayson county, Virginia; of
William L. Spencer, of James City county,
Virginia ; of S. Grear and Robert Vaugh, of
Grayson county, Virginia; and of H. D. Vai-
den, of New Kent county, Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Josiah T. Fisher, of Little Rock, Arkansas,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of
citizens of New York and resolutions adopted
at a meeting held to consider what should be
done with what is now known as the Chinese
indemnity fund. Of this meeting Isaac Fer-
riss, chancellor of the University of New York,
was chairman; and I notice among the names,
William E. Dodge; our late associate in this
Chamber, E. D. Morgan, and other distin-
guished gentlemen. They set forth that in
their judgment this fund, with the accumula-
tion thereon, certainly does belong in equity
to the Chinese Government, as the President
of the United States has heretofore affirmed ;
and they go on to Eay that in the event of the |
Chinese Government declining to receive it it
is expedient that our Government should set it
apart for some educational purpose in China,
substantially in pursuance of a recommenda-
tion made by the late Mr. Burlingame. 1 move
the reference of this memorial and resolutions
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of the national executive committee of the
colored people of the United States, signed
by their chairman, George T. Downing, and
by their secretary, Frederick G. Barlmd'oes,
asking for public instruction for colored per-
sons in the District of Columbia without being
proscribed on account of color. This petition
sets forth very clearly and strongly whnt in
the opinion of the petitioners are their equal
rights in the common schools of the District.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
that it be printed. It seems to me that the
subject is so important that the petition had
better be printed. j
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the petition of
three hundred citizens of the counties of St.
Louis and Carlton, in the State of Minnesota,
asking Congress to make a liberal grant of the
public lands of the United States within those
counties for the improvement of the harbor
and the construction of a breakwater at the
port of Duluth, in that State. They represent
that large amounts of freight are about to be
thrown into that port, and no appropriation
has ever yet been made by Congress for the
improvement of a harbor in the State of Min-
nesota. Inasmuch as a bill for this purpose
has already been reported by the Committee
' on Public Lands, I move that the petition be
i1 laid on the table.
; The motion was agreed to.
j! Mr. HARLAN. 1 present a letter of the
; Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
supplementary report of the Commissioner of
! Indian Affairs containing a detailed statement
of the numbers and condition of all the Indian
tribes within the boundaries of the United
| States. I move that it be printed, and that
five hundred extra copies be printed for the
use of the Interior Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The document
will be ordered to be printed, and the motion
'j for extra copies will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, under the law.
bills recommitted,
i; Mr. CASSERLY. I discover from the Globe
| this morning that yesterday the bill (S. No.
ji 823) for the relief of Macoudrav & Co., Dupuy,
' Foulkes & Co., Thomas S. & F. S. Hathaway,
! Pioche, Bayergne & Co., Fox & O'Connor, P.
| Maury, jr., Dickson, De Wolf & Co., and
I; Compton & Davidson was reported back from
l| the Committee on Fiuance by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] with the recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed,
and it was indefinitely postponed. That bill is
a bill for the relief of a large number of mer-
chants in San Francisco on account of goods
destroyed by the falling down of a bonded
warehouse. I have conferred with the Sen-
ator who reported it back, and with his con-
sent I ask that the bill be recommitted to the
committee in order that the parties interested
may have an opportunity to present the facts
on which they rely. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the indefinite postponement will he
regarded as reconsidered, and the bill will be
recommitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
reconsideration ; but I think the bill itself had
better go to the Committee on Claims if there
are any special facta in regard to it. The
Committee on Finance never regard these
claims unless they involve some question grow-
ing out of the revenue laws, and there is a
general law forbidding the payment of these
claims. If there is a special ground for this
claim it ought to go to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY. I moved that reference
when I first introduced the bill, but the Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] who is not
here this morning suggested that the Commit-
tee on Finance was the proper reference, and
I assented to that at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is usually the com-
mittee to which these claims are referred ; but
as this claim is barred by the general statute,
unless there is some special reason it ought to
go to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California assents to that reference, and t lie bill
will be referred to the Committee on Claims,
Mr. PRATT. I move that the bill (S. No.
623) to grant a pension to Celia Tweed be
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The attorney of the petitioner thinks the com-
mittee has done his client injustice, and I am
willing she should have the benefit of another
trial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
postponed indefinitely, as the Chair under-
stands, and the Senator from Indiana now
asks unanimous consent that the vote may be
reconsidered and the bill recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so ordered.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 11th of
January, a statement in tabular form of the
number of foreign-built vessels under enroll-
ment or register now employedin the commerce
of the United States, with the names of such
vessels, whether steamer or sailing vessels, the
tonnage of each when built, and the date of
the law of Congress, which in each case author-
ized the registration or enrollment of such for-
eign-built vessels; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
REPOIITS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of John E. Griffin, of company E, second
North Carolina mounted infantry, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 860) for
the relief of John E. Griffin. The bill was
read and passed to the second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 592) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the State of Florida,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 112) to aid in the construction of the
Oregon Branch Pacific railroad, reported it
with amendments.
! He also, from the same committee, to whom
, was referred the bill (S. No. 824) authorizing
; the Southern Minnesota Railroad Company to
connect its line with the Northern Pacific rail-
road, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 718) for the relief of preemption set-
: tiers in the land district of West Point, in the
