2138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
shown that this ore is now their main resource,
and they are returning to it and endeavoring
to work it. The construction of a railroad,
improved machinery, and the reduction of the
cost of living enable them now to work this
ore at a profit of two to five dollars a ton. If
the Sutro tunnel were completed to-day that
part of their mines where this ore is situated
would not be drained and ventilated by it, nor
would the ore be transported through it, nor
would the tunnel be in anywise a benefit to
them; yet if the tunnel is constructed they
will have to pay the royalty oil their ore
whether they use the tunnel or not.
in this view of the case these companies may
perhaps be pardoned for congratulating them-
selves that Mr. Sutro did not commence the
tunnel within the time prescribed by the con-
tracts; they may be pardoned if they congrat-
ulate themselves that they carefully guarded,
protected, and hedged their interests in making
these contracts. But now, behold, Mr. Sutro
comes forward in October last, three years
after the time when he was required to com-
mence the tunnel under the contracts, and
commences in a feeble manner a sort of hole
in the ground. He does not commence at the
place nor in the manner specified, but he ex-
pends a very few thousand dollars, not to
exceed $5,000, of somebody's money upon it,
and upon the basis of some right which he
supposes he has acquired in consequence of
that act he comes to the companies and says,
in effect, "You must settle with me; I have
110 claim upon you under these contracts which
I have failed to fulfill, but Congress has given
me a claim upon you by law, and you must
pay me tribute; I propose to run this tunnel;
Congress has said that if I choose to run it at
any time within a hundred years you have to
pay me two dollars a ton on your ore; I pro-
pose to run it whether you want it or not, and
whether it is necessary or not, in order to avail
myself of the royalty imposed by Congress;
you may settle with me, gentlemen, but in the
mean time you hold the title to your mines
subject to the depreciating cloud that I may
construct that tunnel."
This is not right. The companies never
contracted for it; Congress never intended it.
It is a flagrant outrage upon the property
rights of our citizens. The delegation in Con-
gress from Nevada, her Senators and liepre-
sentative, and most of the Senators and .Rep-
resentatives from the Pacific coast, now ask
Congress, not to deprive Mr. Sutro of any
rights he may have acquired under that con-
tract, but to so amend and modify this Sutro
tunnel law that it may conform to and sustain
and not overthrow the Sutro tunnel contracts.
I say it is not right that Mr. Sutro should
retain this monstrous and iniquitous franchise,
procured by his own bad faith and the inad-
vertence of Congress. It is not right, and no
amount of Sutro speeches or pamphlet effu-
sions against the Bank of California can make
it right.
I am not the defender or the apologist of the
Bank of California. It is said that that insti-
tution compels the tributary industries of Ne-
vada to own the sway of a monarch whose rule
is exacting and relentless. It is said that, its
golden shackles have clanked under the ermine
and along the floors of the council chambers
ot two States. Whether those statements are
true or false they touch me not. I have not
had the fortune or misfortune to receive aid or
favor from, or be under any obligation what-
ever to the Bank of California or any of its
agents or officers or representatives.
But whether those statements be true or false,
whether the Bank of California or the bank
ring of California have or have not been guilty
of what is charged in these pamphlet effusions,
I cannot for the life of me see how the leading
industry of Nevada can be emancipated from
the rule of the bank ring or the clutch of the
Bank of California by placing upon them the
additional clutches of Mr. Adolph Sutro.
I cannot see howyou can lift one burden by
piling on another. If the mine-owners upon
the Comstock lode, or the stockholders of the
mines, are within the clutches of the Bank of
California I cannot see howyou can help them
out of its clutches or strengthen them to resist
its assaults by draining their little remaining
life-blood into the waiting vessel held clamor-
ously out by the remorseless Sutro.
If the owners of those mines do not know
enough to work their property properly, if the
agents of the mining companies are not honest
enough to work them fairly, I cannot see how
intelligence can be imparted or integrity in-
duced by placing upon them a further and
more iniquitous exaction. You cannot help
the besieged by making a breach in their
defenses in another locality.
It seems to me that Mr. Adolph Sutro is try-
ing to cover up his proposed plan of plunder-
ing my people by yelling "stop thief" at the
Bank of California. For one I shall not be
deluded by this shallow trick, and I decline to
give my assent to what I believe to be a dis-
honest measure for the cowardly reason that
that measure may be opposed by the members
of an unpopular corporation.
These contracts were signed in April and
May, 1866. Under these contracts Mr. Sutro
represented that he could procure the money
requisite to construct this tunnel. The com-
panies gave him a year and three months to
get the money and commence the tunnel. In
July, 1866, two months after the contracts were
made, he came here with the avowed purpose
of inducing Congress to grant him a subsidy
to assist in the construction of the tunnel.
The companies sent no one here to watch him.
They depended upon his honesty and willing-
ness to carry out the terms of his contract.
They never dreamed that he would come here
and endeavor to procure the enactment of a
law which should bind them and release him
from the solemn provisions of a contract, upon
which their mutual signatures were scarcely
dry.
Mr. Sutro agreed in May that he would com-
mence the tunnel by the 1st of August, 1867,
at different points, would prosecute it with
diligence, would obtain subscriptions to the
amount of $3,000,000, $300,000 to be paid in,
and would expend $400,000 during the first
year. In July Congress abrogated all those
provisions. Congress said, "You may com-
mence the tunnel at anytime you choose, you
may construct it as leisurely as you please,
and the companies shall be bound to pay you
just the same."
It has been said that the companies con-
sented. Sir, will any man say that the com-
panies consented in July that Congress might
smite down in a paragraph all the carefully-
guarded provisions upon which they had
solemnly insisted in May? Will anybody say
that these companies cheerfully consented that
Congress should grant a franchise which should
make the title to their property subject to the
rapacity and caprice of a speculator ? Sir, I
do not believe that the Congress of the United
States designed to perpetrate this shameless
outrage upon the property rights of the citizen.
The power of Congress in the premises I do
not question, because the title to the mineral
lands of the United States was then as now
vested in the Government; the paramount title
of the mineswas in the United States, and the
Constitution of the United States gives Con-
gress the right—
" To make all needful rules and regulations con-
cerning tho territory and other property belonging
to the United States."
But by usage, by long silence, an implied
agreement has grown up that Congress will
not interfere with the possessory title to min-
eral lands. For twenty years the courts have
recognized and protected the possessory title
of the miner. Under that title over a thou-
sand million dollars have been extracted from
the earth, and have vivified the current of
trade and strengthened the structure of credit.
Under that title millions upon millions of dol-
lars have been invested in mining enterprises.
Sir, in the hour of our nation's dire neces-
sity, when you eagerly peered in every direc-
tion for new sources of revenue, you respected
the title of the miner. In that hour you re-
fused to obtain revenue by parting with this
dormant Government title to mineral lands.
You rejected upon grounds of public policy a
proposition then to inflict a tax, a crushing
tax of five per cent, upon the gross proceeds
of those mines, even for the benefit of the
public Treasury. Will you now inflict a greater
tax for the benefit of a plausible and pertina-
cious adventurer, who tells^ou that the miners
do not know how to work their mines; that
these men should not be permitted to manage
their own property in their own way, but that
he should be selected by Congress to manage
it for them, and that they should pay him two
or three million dollarsfor his scientific attain-
ments as a congressional manipulator ? Sir,
if with the lights before us Congress shall
refuse to relieve us from this oppression, I, for
one, shall almost be inclined to think that the
whisper of the lobbyist is sometimes more
potent here than the protest of the Repre-
sentative.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
all but two minutes of my time.
The SPEAKER. That will give the gen-
tleman nearly ten minutes.
Mr. FITCH. It has been asked how that
law of 1866 happened to be so worded. I
cannot answer.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to recall the
attention of the gentleman to the question
which I asked him and which he has failed to
answer; that is, taking it for granted that all
the gentleman's statements are true, is not the
question strictly one for the courts to decide?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir; if it were not for the
section with regard to the patents it might be
so; but the act compels these companies to
accept their patents to their mines subject to
the condition of paying Sutro a royalty imposed
by Congress and not agreed to by the com-
panies. I do not know why this act was so
worded. I can conjecture how a committee,
urged to do a great deal and willing to do
something for the man who urged them, should
report with careless facility a law insidiously
framed. Experience shows us every day how
bills reported by a regular committee and meet-
ing no opposition pass this House without dis-
cussion or examination. All that can happen
very easily. But, sir, when fraud and oppres-
sion crawl into the statute-books through the
carelessness of the Legislature or the cunning
fraud of the lobbyist, he is an audacious man
who claims a vested right in the fruits of his
own wrong doing and demands that Congress
shall not repeal a law it was defrauded into
enacting.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. But suppose the law
was repealed, it would still be a question for
the courts.
Mr. FITCH. If the law be repealed, that
is all we ask. All we ask is that the third sec-
tion of the law shall be repealed or modified
so as not to create an independent obligation,
and not that the contract shall be abrogated.
We do not ask to be released from the contract.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to know how it
is that the State of Nevada, as I understand
it, has advocated the Sutro tunnel from the
beginning to now, and yet the Representative
of that State upon this floor states that he
wants the law we have passed on the subject
repealed.
Mr. FITCH. I am not against the Sutro
tunnel.
Mr. WOODWARD. We have petitions after
petitions frem Nevada in favor of the Sutro
tunnel.
Mr. FITCH. I will yield for a question,
but I have not time to yield for a speech.
