180
AHOTDEfc TO TIIE GOHGBE8SIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Hi). of Keps.
Th 'e Tariff—Mr. Mayhdr/i.
41sx Com 2i> SESS.
statistical facts and logical theories hate feeen
gathered. But I may be permitted to grb'up
together some of the deductions which seem
to toy mind to be the logical results of the laws
of trade and the doctrines of politieal economy,
as proved by this diseussibii 5 and fifrst affieng
these it seems to be SiJheeded by fell that the
norinal condition of Ooriitnerce is free trade,
and that that eshditiett ten only be altered by
the enactment of positive law. The natural
right of every inhabitant, unrestricted by legis-
lation, is to deal with his fellows without any
restriction further than the payment of a con-
sideration equivalent in value for the com-
modity which he purchases, and this natural
right is not confined to individuals of the same
locality or nationality. It extends to every
inhabitant of the globe, and is exercised by all
with unrestrained freedom where artificial or
legal obstacles are not imposed.
The organization of human society into gov-
ernments creates the necessity of a revenue
to defray the expenses incident to the adminis-
tration and enforcement of law, and to meet
that condition of things taxes either voluntary
or involuntary are necessarily imposed Upon
the subject of governments for the protection
and defense of the weak against the strong.
In the invention of the ways and means fot de-
fraying these expenses and their distribution
among the people a system of taxation oti im-
ports was early established among the nations
of the world, and has been acted upon with
greater or less rigor by almost all civilized and
commercial nations from time immemorial.
This system of taxation, solely for the pur-
poses of revenue, which was the duty which
tiie citizen owed to the Government for protec-
tion to his Jife, liberty, and property, is the
origin of an international tax upon commerce,
and is the only sound reason for its imposition.
Pew will undertake to maintain, indeed none
in this discussion hare assumed the bold atti-
tude of imposing a tax upon the consumer
solely upon the theory of protecting any class
of business or any particular branch of industry.
All agree that every eitifcen owes a tribute to
the support of good government; none will
urge that every consumer owes a tribute to any
class or caste of citizens. Based upon this
theory, the Constitution of the United States
provides that—
" The Congress sliMl have powor to lay and collcot
taxes, duties, imposts and cxciSos, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
wolfaro of the United States."
Nothing _ is more manifest than that the
framers of that instrument intended only to
vest in Congress the power to levy and collect
duties to pay the expenses of the Government
and its debts; and this view is strengthened
by the subsequent provision, which provides
that "imposts and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States."
It will be borne in mind that when this Con-
stitution was adopted there was no sentiment
that was more universal in this nation than
that of condemnation of all monopolies and
privileged classes. It was to rid themselves
of enormous and oppressive monopolies in the
way of taxation and stamp duties that the col-
onists had severed their connection with Great
Britain; and it was in the interest of equality
and freedom of commerce, as well as freedom
of person, that this Government was founded.
It would be a slander upon the intelligence and
patriotism of our fathers to say t'ha't this pro-
vision of the Constitution, which is the only
one under which this doctrine of protection is
claimed, intended it to foster monopolies and
create invidious distinctions of caste based
upon business or wealth. I 'assume; there-
fore, that the primary object of a tariff, as a
question of political economy, is the production
of revenue, and that but for that object few, if
any, would insist upon a duty on imports.
But it is assumed by the pfoteetitmists that
as art incident of ft tariff-for revenue it may
be so-adjusted ttuft it will Operate is & protec-
, tioh tb -certain eiasSSS or branches of industry,
and that a& 6et>#£e& nations Mi is sound policy
Sd.tij impose duties Oft imports that a burden
will be placed Upon the productions of foreign
countries arid thereby foster and facilitate
home competition, and that this kind of legis-
lation is necessary to enable the domestic man-
ufacturer and producer to compete with and
overcome the natural or artificial advantage
of other nations in, the manufacture or pro-
duction of commodities which are necessary
for our consumption, and which must enter into
and form a part of our commerce as a nation.
This, it is submitted, is not sound political
eeonomy. If there is one law of trade that
is more universal in its application than all
others it is that which allows the dealer to
purchase When he can do so most cheaply
and to sell when he can obtain the best price.
Any individual who did hot act upon that law
would at once be regarded as unworthy of the
credit land confidence of his fellows, and would
inturh involve himself in hopeless bankruptcy.
This proposition is too plain to admit of argiv-
ment. It is a financial axiom.
The great diversity of soil, climate, and pro-
ductions of the world, and the great Variety of
wants and necessities of mankind created by
the laws of nature constitute the chief demand
for Commercial intercourse among men. If
all climate, soil, and productions were uniform
there Would be no necessity for an interchange
of commodities; the law of demand and suppSy
would cease to operate, and commercial inter-
course among men and nations would at once
languish and die. But this great law of nature
cannot be repealed or modified by tariff bills or
congressional enactments. Struggle as you may
you cannot overcome the law of climate, soil,
and production; you cannot enable the inhab-
itants of New England and New York to com-
pete with those of South Carolina and Missis-
sippi in the production of cotton; you cannot
give to Maine the wheat-growing qualities of
Indiana, Illinois, or Wisconsin any more than
you can give to those last-mentioned States the
rushing streams and foaming cataracts of New
England.
Obeying this great law of nature «nd trade,
the cotton of the South must find its way to
New England for manufacture and thence to
the West for use, and in exchange for it the ce-
reals of the West must be returned to feed and
support animal life in the South and East; and
thus by a law which cannot be reversed, but
which may to a certain extent be obstructed by
unwise legislation, the great equilibrium of
demand and sunply of commercial intercourse
is preserved. What is true of the laws of trade
between different sections of our country ap-
plies with equal feftee to the Whole commercial
world.
The bounties of nature «,tid the products of
art and science are only valuable to the human
family as articles of Consumption, use, com-
fort, and convenience. It is, then, for the con-
sumer that everything which can be an article
Of cotn'fiie'rce is developed, grown, or manufac-
tured; and it is therefore of the utmost im-
portance that the consumer shouldbe permitted
to enjoy the necessaries and comforts of life at
the least possible cost. Any policy that tends
unnecessarily to enhance the price ofthe article
to the consumer defeats the object for which
it was produced and loads the human family
with unnecessary burden's. If the -American
toanufacturet or producer cannot compete
with the foreign manufacturer or producer so
as to afford his commodity to the consumer
as cheaply as that of the foreign manufacturer,
it is because some natural or physical cause
operates against him and to the advantage of
the foreigner. In intelligence, energy, industry,
and business tact the American acknowledges
110 superior on earth. Natural advantages being
equal, he will successfully compete with any
nation on the globe. When those natural ad-
vantages are against the American producer, is
it Wise toinipose a tax; On imports so as to put
him successfully in Competition with the foreign
producer by levying a taxon the consumer? That
principle would authorize the Government to
grant a subsidy to every individu al or manufactu-
rer who engaged in an unprofitable business for
the purpose of enabling himto subsist and profit
by his business, when without that subsidy he
must fail. If the object be to foster a sinking
business and uphold and render profitable that
which would be unprofitable and ruinous with-
out this protection, then the true policy would
be, without circumlocution and expense, to pay
a direct bounty to the unfortunate devotee to
a failing or ruinous business, and save the ex-
pense of the collection of the revenue.
The theory of a protective tariff is that it
enables the domestic manufacturer or producer
to charge more for his article and produce, and
thereby create a monopoly in price and sales.
That is a direct tax upon the consumer, who is
compelled to buy the article atan enhanced and
exorbitant price.
The tariff Under consideration compels every
man who wears any cotton fabric to pay from
35 to 45 per cent, in tax in the form of duty;
and it follows that to enable the cotton manu-
facturers, who constitute but a small portion
of the people of the country, to pursue their
business, every family, whether rich or poor,
every consumer of a yard or a thousand yards
of cotton cloth, must pay to the wealthy manu-
facturer over one third, nearly one half,.of its
entire cost. For flannels used in every family
which cost 40 cents per pound, 20 cents per
pound duty is charged, and in addition to that
35 per cent, ad valorem. If the manufacturer
cannot subsist and successfully prosecute his
business without this bounty, then it is a sub-
sidy given to him by the Government and
charged upon the people, all of whom are con-
sumers, for the benefit of this class of indus-
try. if he can successfully prosecute his busi-
ness without this bounty then it is an unjust
discrimination in favor of a particular pursuit
at the expense of every other business, and
is so much legislation in the interest of mo ■
nopolies. In either case it is equally unjust
and oppressive to the consumer. But it is
not only unjust to the consumer, but it is also
unjust and unequal to the producer. No law,
however carefully framed, can equally protect
all classes of industry. The great agricul-
tural interests of the country cannot by any
legislation that can be devised be protected
so as to compensate for the tax; imposed upon
the farmer by this tariff. He is necessarily a
Consumer of almost all the articles upon which
theduty is imposed, from the most valuable of
silks to the coarsest qualities of hemp ; from
the precious metals to pig iron. Almost every-
thing he Wears or uses in the prosecution of
his business, as well as a large class of what
he consumes in his family, is the subjcct of this
tax ; and yet a duty on wheat or other cereals,
on hay or live stock, is of little avail to him,
because of all these articles we as a nation are
exporters rather than importers.
It is easy to see that this tariff is a draught
and tax upon his income without any adequate
l-eturn, and yet the agricultural interest of the
country and the agriculturists of the country
constitute thegreat bulk ofthe capital andpopu-
lationofthenation. Upon the agricultural inter-
est of the country the hand of local, State, and
Federal taxation presses more heavily than
upon any other business. Their farms are spread
outtothe inspection of the assessor, and the in-
quisitorial internal revenue assessment reaches
all of his little income; and while the farmer
should bear his just proportion of the public
