1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
proposes to take away mileage from the mem-
bers of this House and to leave Senators to
draw it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to say that those of
ns who live on the Pacific coast, against whom
this amendment is particularly leveled, have
no opportunity to transact any other business ;
whereas my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bi'ti.er] can return to his home in a day, and
be absent a week or two at a time, when import-
ant questions are pending, to attend to law-
suits which I hope are profitable to him. We,
who live a week's journey away, must give up
our business at home, and the amount of mile-
age we receive will only partially compensate
us for the loss.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Imove, as an amendment
to the amendment, to strike out the last word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the gentleman does that, he will allow me to
modify the amendment. I propose to strike
out in the eighty-fifth line the words "and
mileage," and to add after the word "dollars"
the words "provided no part of this sum shall
be paid fbr mileage;" so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from Territories,
si,000,000: Provided, That do part of this sum shall
be paid for mileage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, I regret
that the committee has not been edified as well
as pleased by the voice of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations in favor of this
proposition. I have listened to him, f say,
with peculiar interest, from the time he re-
ported his first bill, because he has insisted
upon it that Congress shall introduce a more
economical administration of this Government,
from the fact that he is well aware, as well as
the country, that the people are now over-
burdened by taxation, and loudly demand a
reduction in the expenses of this Government.
I believe that no example can be set which
will go further, or which will exert a greater
influence in that direction, than for the mem-
bers of Congress themselves to reduce their
own salaries to the old rate of a few years past.
I, for one, am willing to undergo that loss, and
live more economically and get along as I did
in the years when our pay was $2,000 less than
it is now.
If the people of this country and the Depart-
ments of the Government have the example
before them of members of Congress reducing
their own salaries from $5,000 to $3,000, it
will do more good than the reduction of all the
salaries that Congress can make while leaving
their own unchanged. It will save $1,000,000
to this Government, not only this year, but in
coming years ; and then, too, we shall be con-
sistent. I object to cutting down the salaries
of every one else connected with this Govern-
ment and leaving our own untouched. If it is
fair and just and necessary, in the present con-
dition of the country, that other salaries shall
be reduced, then why not reduce the salaries
of members of Congress ? If it is equitable to
do it to others, is it not equitable to do it unto
ourselves? Argument without illustration is
worthless. I hope, therefore, that by consent
we may have a vote in the House upon this
proposition by the yeas and nays, so that the
couutry^may see who are really in favor of an
economical administration and a reduction of
expenditures, in order that the burden of tax-
ation may be lifted from the shoulders of labor
in this country. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. I rise to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I understand
that the amendment is to strike out " five hun-
dred thousand."
CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has modified his amendment,
it is now to strike out the words " and mile-
age," to strike out " five hundred thousand,"
and to add to the end of the clause the words,
"provided, that no part of this sum shall be
appropriated to the payment of mileage."
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend the
amendment so as to reduce the amount from
$1,000,000 to $700,000, and I will give briefly
my reasons.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not an amend-
ment to the amendment. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] does not propose
to alter the sum of $1,000,000.
Mr. WILLARD. Then I move to strike
out the last word.
The CHAIRMAN. That will do.
Mr. WILLARD. I rise to say that I am
entirely in agreement with the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll. ] It is utterly uselesa,
it seems to me, to attempt to give an example
to the country of economy unless the men who
vote here are willing to set an example to the
country themselves. Now, if there was any
question upon which the country probably felt
somewhat excited it was when members raised
their salaries from $3,000 to $5,000, and I have
no doubt that if that question could have been
submitted to the country it would have been a
long time before members would have got that
addition to their salaries.
We have had considerable lecturing here on
the necessity for economy. I agree entirely
as to that necessity; but I do desire, as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] has
said, that we may have an opportunity of vot-
ing directly on this question whether we are
willing to cut down our own salaries as well
as cut down the salaries of the police and the
messengers and servants of this body. I will
merely add that I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, has not so
far " exhausted" himself in this cutting down
of the appropriation for the Capitol police that
he cannot go for this amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I want to say just at the beginning that
a yea and nay vote on the compensation of
Congressmen will not disclose the opinions of
members, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] suggested, and in verification of
that I refer to the vote on the question of rais-
ing our pay in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
There was always a minority, and if one mem-
ber changed his vote somebody else changed
on the other side, and it was apparent to the
whole country that almost every man who voted
against it wanted it, and would have voted for
it if his vote had been necessary.
One gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
assigned as a reason for taking the increased
salary against his own protest, that Congress
had made it lawful for him to take it, and as
he was a law-abiding man, he took it in obe-
dience to the law. [Laughter.]
One member from West Virginia sent back
the additional compensation, and was defeated
on the ground that his action was nothing but
rather expensive buncombe.
Now, I donot believe there is a well-informed
citizen of this country who thinks that $5,000 is
too much for any gentleman who can be elected
to the place, and who will come here and dwell
apart from his own establishment, sacrificing
his private business for nine months in one
year and at least three months in another year.
There is not a constituent who does not know
that I voted for that increase of compensation.
And I do not believe there is one there of either
political party who did not say that I deserved
credit for plainly, bluntly, openly advocating
a measure that I thought ought to pass, and
who did not sneer at the man who favored the
measure, but who dodged the vote upon it,
unless he saw it was safe to vote against it,
there being enough to pass it without his vote.
message from tub president.
The committee rose informally, and Mr.
Bcofield took the chair as Speaker jpro tempore.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
The Secretary further informed the House
that the President had approved and signed a
bill of the House, No. 330, entitled " An act
for the relief of Alinzor Clark."
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session, and the consideration of the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment to the paragraph making an appropriation
for the compensation and mileage of members
of Congress.
Mr. FARNS W ORTH. This matter of what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] styles cheap buncombe recurs almost
every session of Congress. When members
who are not particularly virtuous about the
amount of fees or salary they receive parade
in the columns of the Globe their intense and
extraordinary anxiety to take small salaries, I
have always regarded it as very cheap bun-
combe. To any man who is fit to come to
Congress at all, $5,000 a year is none too much.
When my constituents shall think they are
paying me too much for coming here to repre-
sent them they can send somebody else here.
They are at liberty to do that. To a man who
has to rely upon his salary and mileage for his
living as a member of Congress the amount
now provided by law is none too much. But
if the salary of a member of Congress is only
an incident, and the revenues he derives from
outside operations are his chief support, why,
then, he can afford to come here for nothing.
But, as has been said by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] I have noticed,
when we come to vote upon such questions as
these, almost invariably those men who are
the most anxious to get the most money figure
among the list of yeas and nays as in favor of
cheap salaries. They are the men who prac-
tice trie kind of virtue spoken of by Shakspeare,
who let "I dare not wait upon I would."
I am not afraid to let my constituents know
that I am in favor of our present salaries and
of the present mileage, at least while the capital
remains at Washington. I am in favor neither
of an increase nor of a diminution. I can man-
age to make the year's ends meet by borrowing
a little during the latter months of the year and
paying it when I draw my salary. [Laughter.]
I can manage in that way to live on from year
to year upon my present pay. If gentlemen
depend upon their business outside chiefly for
their living, perhaps they may be able to get
along with less, but I cannot do so.
Mr. LAFLIN. I think the remarks which
have just fallen from the gentleman from Illi-
nois, from the Peoria district, [Mr. Inger-
soll,] must have struck with great surprise
those members of this House who were here
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress. I certainly was
very much astonished at them, for I remember
very well the history of that vote, and I now
hold in my hand the Congressional Globe, in
which I find that the salaries of members of
Congress were increased from $3,000 to $5,000
a year by a majority vote of just one, and that
among those who voted in favor of that in-
crease of salaries was the distinguished mem-
ber from the Peoria district of Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] who has just spoken so bravely
for a decrease of salaries. [Laughter.] He
seems, therefore, to be as responsible for the
increase as any one.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. COX. I renew it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. COX. For one minute, yes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I could have told the
gentlemau from New York [Mr. Laflin] that
