1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
Mr. WOODWARD. Why does the Repre-
sentative oppose the Sutro tunnel when the
State asks for it?
Mr. FITCH. I will try to make the matter
clear to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Representative of Nevada does not objcct
to the Sutro tunnel as a project. I would be
willing to vote any quantity of money to aid
the Sutro tunnel as an exploration project
and to discover whether any mines exist be-
tween the Carson river and the Comstock
lode, if Iwere satisfied that the money would
be expended in Nevada, and not in Wash-
ington and Paris, and would go to purchase
picks in place of gilt-edged, morocco bound
volumes of glorification of Adolph Sutro.
But I have no objection to the Sutro tunnel
as a project. What I object to is this: that
Mr. Sutro has procured an act of Congress
which compels these mining companies to pay
him two dollars a ton for all the years to come,
whether he complies with his contract to com-
plete the tunnel in time or not. Time is the
very essence of his contract, as I have already
slated. Nevada may want the tunnel, but I
am sure her people do not want it bad enough
to force the money for its construction from
the overtaxed industries of those who would
be compelled by Mr. Sutro to pay him, although
he failed to fulfill his agreements.
I wish to say in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, that
if this law had been understood in 18GIS, when it
was passed, aa it is now, every Senator and Rep-
resentative from the Pacific coast would have
denounced it for the monstrous iniquity it is.
I admit the question of intent or non-intent is
of little consequence ; but the law passed into
the statute-book. It stands to-day a perpetual
menace to the miners, and clouds the title to
millions of property. It stands to-day a fran-
chise of power and plunder as limitless us
iniquitous. The question now is, will Congress
undo this wrong when it is exposed V Will it
listen to the request of members from the Pa-
cific coast who have no interest hostile to the
interests of this great nation, of which we form
a part; or will it perpetuate this outrage iu
the face of the explanation we have now before
us?
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman to let mo
ask him a question before he aits down.
Mr, I'TTOH. I yield what time I have loft, to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vooiuiuhm.]
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I have
listened with a great deal of interest and a
great deal of pleasure to the gentleman from
Nevada, and all the object I have in rising at
this time is to see whether my understanding
of this matter is correct. I understand this
question to be comprised in the folio wing facts:
these miners of the Comstock lode have made
a contract with Mr. Sutro by which ho was to
commence a tunnel by the 1st of August, 1807 ;
that unbeknown to them he came here and
obtainedalawofCongresswhicli extended inde-
finitely his time to do that work and indicted
upon them the necessity of taking their grants
from the Government when they obtained them
to this mining land, subject to two dollars roy-
alty on every ton they took out, running inde-
finitely into the future; and thus, as I under-
stand it, the issue is between Mr. Sutro, who
contracted with these miners to commence his
turmel on the 1st of August, 18G7, agreeing to
give him a royalty of two dollars u ton, and
the miners on the other hand, who object to
this law, which Mr. Sutro obtained some time
afterward, which gave him an indefinite time
in which to construct this work, and made all
their grants from the Government subject to
this two dollars royalty upon the ton running
on, leavingit to him when to commence. Now,
if I have comprehended the argument of the
gentleman from Nevada [elr. Fitch] that is
about it.
But I rose more for the purpose of answering
questions, which I am aware, in the course
of a deliberate speech, could not be so well
answered by the gentleman as by another who
has been listening. I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump]
to the fact that, as I have stated, here is a con-
tract set forth between the miners and Mr.
Sutro, by which he was to go to work and com-
mence his tunnel on the 1st August, 1807 
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Is not the question
thereby raised one of damages for the courts
to settle?
Mr. VOORHEES. It is a question for this
body to settle, by the repeal of this law.
Mr. BECK. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana a question. Is it a fact
that those miners cannot get a title to their
lands without taking it subject to this royalty ?
Mr. VOORHEES. That is the fact?
Mr. BECK. I haveanother question. Had
those men acquired rights to those lands before
this act of Congress was passed imposing oti
them this royalty?
Mr. VOOliHEES. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BECK. Then, bow is it possible that
the courts can interfere if the miners took their
lands subject to these conditions?
Mr. VOORHEES. I quite agree with the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] in his
intimation that legislation is required rather
than a judicial interpretation of this law.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to ask a ques-
tion. Does the act of Congress reserve the
right of repeal or amendment?
Mr. DICKEY. And I would further ask
what right have these squatters obtained?
Mr. SARGENT. The same rights as all the
miners of the United States have, the same
rights as have been recognized by this House,
by passing a law during the past week author-
izing a class of miners to prove up their claims
and get a title from the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 desire an answer to
my question from the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. VuuitiiKKS.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sahoknt,] who is more
familiar with tho subject than I am.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair would state
that but two minutes are left of the time of tho
gentleman from California, [Mr. S.uujkxt.]
Mr. SARGENT. As 1 have but two min-
utes remaining, I have no time for argument.
1 will ask, therefore, that the report which I
have prepared for the minority of the commit-
tee bo printed in the Globe.
Theru was no objection: and it was so or-
dered.
The report is as follows:
Tho first anil second sections of an ant in relation
to tho Kutro tunnel, passed in July, 180'>, grant to A.
Sutro the risht of w:iy tor a tunnel lrom tho valley
of the Carson river to the Comstock lode, in Virginia
City, and also tho right to purcha-o certain unoccu-
pied public inml unci sueh unclaimed mineral 1 oiled
as might ho discovered m running the same.
Tho third and last section of tho act is in theso
words:
"iSKC.3. A ml btt it further cnacted. That all persons,
companies, or corporations owning claims or mines
on said Oomstoek lode, or any other lodo drained,
benefited, or developed by said tunnel, shall hold
their claims subject to tho condition (which shall bo
expressed m any grant they may horeaftcr obtain
lrom the United States) that they shall contribute
and pay to the owuors of said tunnel tho samo rate
ot charges tor drainage or other benefits derived from
aa id tunnel or i ta branches as havo boon or may here-
after lie named in agreements between such owners
and tho companies representing a majority of the
estimated value of said Comstock iodo at tho timo
of the passago of this act.''
Tho agreements roferred to in the section above
quoted were certain contracts between Sutro and his
associates on the one side, and the mining corpora-
tions. tome twenty in number, owning claims on said
lode upon tho other.
These agreements were all in the same form, exe-
cuted upon parchment, contained a largo number
of mutual stipulations, and were evidently prepared
with great care. Tho first live articles of the con-
tract were devoted to a statement of covenants bind-
ing upon Hutro and his associate, among which are
the following:
"Article 1. Tho parties of tho first part, in eonsid-
eralion of the premises, and in consideration of tho
covenants and agreements hereinafter mentioned to
bo kept, nnd performed by tho party of the second
part, covenant, and agree to and with the party of
the second part, that the parties of tho first part will
on or before tho 1st day of August, 1867, commence'
and With reasonable energy and vigor, and at their
own expense, run, exeavato, and complete tho tun-
nel andlateraldriftsheroinaftermentioned,and put
the same in condition for use, in accordance with the
provisions of the said act of the Legislatureot the
State of Nevada, and with tho covenants in this
agreement contained, for the purpose of draining the
mines on tho said Comstock lode, and furnishing
other conveniences for working the same."
"Art. III. Xheparties oftheiirst part covenant and
agree that the work shall be commenced atthe time
soecified, by running the tunnel from the ioot-hiils
of Carson valley; and also by simultaneously link-
ing at least three shafts of sufficient capacity on the
lino of the tunnel; and when the shafts have readied
tho depth required for the level of the tunnel, then
to drift in both directions from tho bottom of each
shaft, so that there shall be at least seven places of
excavation going on from the time that all of tho
shafts shall reach the requisite level all the timo
until tho tunnel is completed, unless connections
between some of tho shafts are sooner made; and
the said work at all times shall be prosecuted con-
tinuously and without any interruption, cxceptfroui
unavoidable accident, until the completion of the
tunnel and of the works which, under this agreement,
are to bo considered as draining the mine of tho party
of the second part; and in case of any such interrup-
tion occurring, the cause thereof shall be removed
or remedied and the work resumed without delay.
"And tho parties of tho first part covenant and
ngrcc that on or before tho said 1st day of August,
1807, thore shall have been subscribed, in good faith
and by apparently responsible persons, at least the
sum of S3,U0O,t)O0, for the purpose of carrying on and
completing tho said tunnel and the lateral drifts
herematter mentioned; that of said sum at least ten
per cent, shall havo been actually paid in cash; that
during the first year in which the work shall bo
prosecuted, commencing on said 1st day of August,
1307, there shall be expended upon, or on account of
tho work, not less than the sum of $400,000, aud dur-
ing each succeeding year thereafter, until the work
shall be completed so as to drain the mine of the
party of tho sccond part within tho meaning of this
agreement, not less than thesum of $200,000, provided
that this amount can be advantageously expended
after tho completion of the main tunnel, and that
they, tho parties of tho first part, will, within thirty
days after the expiration of each year, furnish to the
party of the second part a full, true, and correct
statement of tho expenditures made on account of
tho work during such year, verified by the oath of
tho managing agent and secretary or book-keeper
of tho parties of the first part.
"Akt. IV. If the workshall not be commenced on
or beiore the said day, and with said sum of $3,000,000
subscribed, and ten per cent, thereof actually paid
in cash, as hereinbefore provided, or if, after so com-
mencing, tho parties of the firstpart shall during any
year fail to expend on account of the work the sue*
of money hereinbeforoagreed to be expended during
such year, this agreement shall, at the option of the
party of the second part, cease and determine, and
thereafter be of no effect."
A subsequent article contains a covenant by tho
mining company to pay to the owners of the tunnel
two dollars for each ton of ore extracted from tho
mine after tho completion of the tunnel, as a com-
pensation for benefits of drainage.
Theso contracts have never been in any way re-
voked or annulled by tho act of tho parties, and
would still h(Tin full force between them, were it not
for tho peculiar phraseology of the section of tho act
of Congress above recited.
A careless reading of that section, even by a legis-
lator or lawyer, would leave tho impression that as
to thoso companies having then existing contracts
it was simply a recognition or confirmation of their
agreements. Such was the understanding, as now
stated by himself, of tho Senator who introduced tho
bill, as also in ail probability of tho Congress in
passing it, and until within abhort time, and beforo
their attention was called to it in tho manner here-
inafter stated, such was undoubtedly the opinion of
the mining companies. It has, however, recently
been claimed by Sutro and bis associates that such
is not the correct construction of the lauguageof the
section; that its real effect is to supersede the stipu-
lations of the agreement, to create an independent
obligation upon the part of the mining companies
to pay tho two dollars per ton upon the ore extracted
while rcliovmg Mr. Sutro from the performance of
tho covenants entered into on his partasabovo set
forth. A critical examination of tho section justifies
this claim upon tho part of Sutro. The law, as
worded, does supersede the contracts. The agree-
ments are referred to simply for the purpose of fixing
the amounts, and the obligation to pay them when
thus ascertained is made absolute. liadtherequire-
ramt been, instead of a payment of the amounts
named m the agreements, a payment of those
amounts according to the terms of those agreements,
the law and the contracts would have stood together.
As it nowreads it establishes new relations between
tue parties, reserving to Sutro tho benefits of the
agreement and releasing him from the performance
o; those stipulations on his pa-rt which were the con-
sideration tor those benefits.
The object of the present bill is to prevent the law
lrom haying this operation. Itsimply requires that
tins section shall not be so construed as to impair the
obligations of the contracts made between the par-
J,*es* At is supported by the nearly unanimous petf-
of the mining companies now operating upon
tho Comstock lode, all of whom were parties to tho
contracts referred to in the original act. 'JOhesemine-
owncrsdo not ask to he relieved from any contract
or agreement which they have made, but insist that
it is unjust that Congress should make a new con-
tract for them without their consent, and thatif such
