1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4971
SPKINGEftS VOTING APPARATUS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to report a resolution from the
Committee on the Rules.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
on the coudition that the resolution shall not
give rise to debate.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Mesoived. That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be authorized and directed to cause, dur-
ing the approaching vacation, the legislative voting
apparatus invented by William M. Springer to be
put into the Hall of the House, together with all the
improvements pertaining thereto, and such as may
be recommended by the Committee on the Bules.
Resolved, That the work be done under the super-
intendence of the architect of the Capitol extension,
and the expenses thereof be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the House, but not to exceed the
sum of $10,000.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire merely
to say t hat the Committee on the Rules directed
me to report this resolution for whatever action
the House may deem proper to take upon it.
By a resolution adopted a short time since the
committee was directed to examine the ma-
chine, which was on exhibition in the Speaker's
room. We did examine it; we saw what its
workings would be; and we thought it our
duty to lay before the House the result of our
examination. During the last session the time
actually occupied in calling the yeas and nays
in this House amounted to one sixth of the
entire time spent in the business of legislation.
At least nineteen twentieths of the time thus
consumed can be saved.
Mr. SARGENT. As this resolution will
undoubtedly provoke discussion, I cannot yield
for its introduction.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House will now, as
the regular order, proceed to the consideration
of the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(EI. R. No. 11C9) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations (so called) with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the Indian
appropriation bill was reported to this House
in February last, and was passed by the House
on the Gd of March. As sent by us to the
Senate it provided for appropriations to the
amount of $3,334,560 63. The bill as returned
to us by the Senate contains appropriations to
the amount of $6,040,713 26, about double the
amount appropriated by the*1 House. This
enormous increase is accounted for by two rea-
sons. In the first place, the Senate has put
upon this bill, which was intended only to
make provision for the Indian service for the
next year, a large number of old claims. The
bill as it went from the House was carefully
confined to appropriations for the next fiscal
year; but it comes back embracing a great
many items in the way of deficiencies.
The principal increase made by the Senate
arises, however, from the fact that the Senate
ban 1 ejected the idea which was so clearly
announced by this House, that it would not
recognize as binding upon Congress treaties
which were made liy what is called the " In-
dian peace corn-mission." The House, instead
of making appropriations under those treaties,
provided a sum which was supposed to be suf-
ficient for the necessities of the tribes named
in the treaties. We proposed to allow to the
Secietary of the Interior and the President a
large discretion in the expenditure ot those
fuinls; but we rejected the estimates which
were founded upon those treaties, and which
provided for ihe purchase of articles which
would probably be of more benefit to the spec-
ulators than to the Indians.
i wish the House distinctly to understand
that the question which is presented to us to
be now determined between the two Houses is
whether the House will adhere to its position
assumed at ihe iiist session of the present Con-
gress ; assumed, I may say, in the last session
of the last Congress, and by reason of which
the Indian appropriation bill then failed. But
we distinctly declared at the first session of this
Congress that we would uot ratify those trea-
ties; that we would not appropriate money
under them ; that hereafter we would not recog-
nize those or any other treaties made with the
Indian tribes after a certain date. At the first
session of this Congress, instead of making the
appropriations called for under-those various
treaties, we appropriated the gross sum of
$2,000,000, which was placed in the hands of
the President; and by section four of the bill
which we then passed it was provided that this
money should be used " to enable the President
to maintain peace among and with the various
tribes, bands, and parties of Indians, and to
promote civilization among said Indians, bring
them where practicable upon reservations,
relieve their necessities, and encourage their
efforts at. self-support."
The Senate acceded in the closing hours of
that session to this gross appropriation. It
was a species of make-shift for the time being,
to bridge the difficulty till we could determine
what should be done with these treaties. But
it was distinctly announced by the House, and
by the House placed in that bill and the Senate
acceded to it, thatnothingin that actcontained
"should be construed as ratifying any treaty
made with any tribes, bands, or paities of
Indians since the 20th of July, 1867.'' The
House reenacted that section in the bill now
under consideration. It went to the Senate,
and the Senate has struck it out. We made
appropriations for the several tribes with lan-
guage inconsistent with the treaties. The Sen-
ate has struck out our language and has made
specific appropriations for the purpose of car-
rying out literallj' those treaties.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the question arises, what
shall tbc House do? Shall it recede from its
action in that matter, or shall it insist? The
issue is fairly made up. Shall we say to the
Senate, even at the expense of the entire fail-
ure of the Indian appropriations, that we will
not ratify these treaties? I wish the House in-
telligently and understanding^ to vote on the
question, so that in the committee of confer-
ence I can understand exactly what it intends.
My judgment is that it is not wise, so far as
the Government is concerned, or for the In-
dians themselves, for us to yield our assent to
the practice by which treaties are made and
carried out. They open the door to frauds and
corruptions without number. We must here
after deal with the Indians by legislation and
not by negotiations. It is a question, not of
money, but of principle. I am prepared to
recommend any reasonable appropriations to
secure the peace with the Indians and save
them from misery.
I do not believe the House should take the
responsibility of refusing appropriations and
bringing on an Indian war. I should hesitate
very long before I would by any act of mine
bring on an Indian war upon the frontier set-
tlers and their families. But I do not believe
that the question of war or peace depends in
the slightest degree on the question whether
appropriations are made in the form that the
Senate proposes or in the way the Hous j pro-
poses. By the mode the Senate proposes the
House loses all voice in the nature or amount
of Indian expenditures. By the mode the
House asks we have our proper voice in de-
termining how much money shall be taken
from the Treasury and for what it shall be
used. I challenge attention to the fact that
the $2,000,000 we put in the hands of the
President of the United States to keep the
peace among the Indian tribes is about the
amount required to be specifically appropri-
ated under those treaties.
Bid the President use that money to buy and
furnish the articles called for under these trea-
ties? Not at all. He had full power so to <lo,
! if he thereby could best keep the peace. Tne
Indian war now threatening our borders was
to be prevented, and the money was given to
buy the ai deles the treaties named or any other
in the discretion of the President. In the ex-
ercise of that discretion he ignored the treaties
in every particular. And I say it is inconsist-
ent to come to us and say, with this example,
before us, that $2,000,000, or the amount'
needed, should now be appropriated specific-
ally to carry out these treaties; when those who
make the recommendation, the Administration
themselves, did not use in that way the money
which we put in their hands with leave to em-
ploy it in any way they pleased for the purpose
of preserving peace.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man will allow me to ask him a question, I
would ask him what became of the $2,000,000?
Mr. SARGENT. The money was appro-
priated, a large part of it, for the purpose of
buying provisions which were fed out to the
Indians, and part for the purchase of blankets,
&e. I think, so far as I have been able to
examine—and 1 have made a careful examina-
tion, having called for a special report to be
made at the time this bill was beforethe House,
which afforded the materials for such an exam-
ination down to that date—I say that I think,
after full investigation, that money has been
economically expended.
But the point I make is this: that that money
has not been used in the direction of fulfilling
these treaties. I do not say that it has not
been economically used ; but I say that it has
not been used for the objects which those
treaties contemplated. And if the Adminis-
tration think it is proper that the money now
appropriated should be thus used, why did they
not use the $2,000,000 in that way? Their
own example shows that they did not think it
judicious that the money should be thus ex-
pended. Therefore I say that the House of
Representatives, in adhering to its position not
to ratify these treaties and not to appropriate
specifically under them, is supported by tlie
example and moral weight of the Administra-
tion. We have the example of the Adminis-
tration to assure us that our position is not
inconsistent with the interests of the Indian
service.
But more than that, sir, the Indians them-
selves repudiate those treaties. In t.he recent
conferences of Red Cloud with t.he Secretary
of the Interior, he stated that he was not aware
that the treaties in question contained the pro-
visions they do contain with regard to bound-
aries of reservations. He made serious com-
plaints against those who negotiated those
treaties, or at any rate against the interpreters,
who informed him and the other chief's what
the contents of those treaties were. He claimed
the right—and said it was not abridged by
those treaties—to go down with his hunting
parties across the Pacific railroad in Nebraska
and roam throughout that region. And he
said, " Unless you carry out the treaty in that
sense, unless that is the meaning of the treaty,
we repudiate it; we have been deceived; we
did not understand it."
The complaint is not that we do not furnish
them with the Army pantaloons, or other rai-
ment that is called for in that treaty, of which
they cut off the legs for leggings and throw the
rest away; it is not that we do not provide each
family with a good American milch cow, which
would be slaughtered and eaten within a day
after it was put into their hands; it is because
we do not allow them to roam over the Terri-
tories, to which tiiey think they are entitled,
and which they thought, until undeceived, that
these treaties granted. And therefore we may •
appropriate any amount of money we see lit;
so long as we lefuse them these privileges
which they claim, or as an alternative teed
them, this war impends on our hands. I send
to the desk to be read, to show that I speak by
the card, an extract relating to an incident of
the recent conference in this city, which I have
since verified and found the statements therein
