2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
legislation has, by accident, crept into the statutes,
or has been designedly placed tbere without their
knowledge, it ought not to be retained. Certainly
the proposition thus-stated is upon, its face reason-
able and just, and if it were aquestion now of pro-
posed original legislation of the character of the sec-
tion soughtto be modifiedit would not, so far as .we
eanjudgeby expressions during the discussions before
the committee, have a single advocate among its
members.
3?hat- the mine-owners having a property in their
mines recognized by the courts, State and national,
a£nd by every department of the Government, prop-
erty in which is invested millions of private capital,
should be treated as other property owners; that
their property rights should be sacred as those of
others; that the contracts made by them in relation
to its enjoyment or developmentshould be respected
as are other contracts; that no more in this case
than in another should a burden be imposed by law
upon the property of A for the benefit of B, are
propositions too obviously just to be disputed. Yet
each of them was violated by the section undercon-
sideration.
It is not upon a defense of the- justice of the ori-
ginal act that the opponents of the present bill rest
their opposition; but it is said, and such wo under-
stand to be the position of the majority of the com-
mittee, that however grossmay have been the impro-
priety of the original legislation, yet having been
made, and having for years remained a law, it ought
now to be retained for considerations independent
of its original character. It is argued .that during
the period which has elapsed since its enactment
Sutro and his associates had a right to act upon it;
that they have so acted upon it; that they made ex-
penditures upon the faith of its provisions, and have
thereby acquired under it what aro termed vested
rights, which ought not to betaken away by itsropeal.
Wo do not understand that by the terui "vested
rights" it in meant to assert that rightshave been
acquired of such ach&racter us to place it beyond the
constitutional power of Congress to impair or modify
them by the passage of the present bill. If such were
the fact the passage of the bill would in no way pre-
vent them from obtaining full protection from the
courts. Independently of the full power which, in
our opinion, Congress has over the entire subject,
both for its former legislation, however unjust, as
well as for the passage of the present bill, there is no
room here for question, even by the strictest con-
structionist, tor the reason that the original act sought
to be modified, and in the very respcct in which mod-
ification is sought, is obnoxious in a twofold degree
to the same objection. If there is any such limita-
tionofeongressional power it must have been reached
by an act which, like the original, not merely impairs
the obligations of contracts solemnly ratified by the
parties, butabrogates theirmost essential provisions;
aii act which imposes a tribute upon the owners of
the mines without their consent for the benefit of
Sutro and his associates. If this legislative act was
void for want of power it cannot be an excess of
power to revoke it. It iseertainly not unconstitu-
tional to repeal unconstitutional provisions. But,
in fact, this position is disclaimed by tho majority of
the committee.
What is meant, then, by vested rights, as claimed
for Sutro, is that ho and his associates, reposing
upon the Jaw as it now is, have been led to pursue a
line of conduct and incur expenses in'euch manner
that it would now bo inequitable toward them for
Congress to modify its legislation. It is a question
not of power but of justice; as such it must be de-
termined, as all questions of this nature must be, by
the facts and circumstances which surround and give
character to the transaction. Itis not sulLciont, cer-
tainly, to say that because money has been invested
or expended upon the faith of existing legislation
that therefore it might not bo repealed or modilied.
Such an assumption would put an end to all legisla-
tion, for money is constantly being invested upon the
iaith of its oxistence and continuance. Men daily
become rich or poor as a tariff is raised or lowered;
as a post road is established or discontinued; as a
capital is located at Washington or at St. Louis; as
a lundmg bill passes tho Senate or a resolution for
expansion of the currency pa&ses this House. As in
these cases so in the present. Sutro knew that this
law was liable to be changed; and if he knew, as wo
think he did, that it ought to be changed, that valid
reasons existed why it should bo changed, he could
not by any expenditure, groat or small, which he
might choose to make influence or embarrass, much
Jess bar an examination by this Congress into the
actual merits of the original legislation. Coming
thus to the facts and circumstances connected with
tins individual law, and bearing upon the equities
of the parties interested, it is to us satisfactorily
established—
Firet. That the legal effect of the language of this
third section is different from the intention of any of
chose interested in or connected with its passago.
That neither the introducerof this bill northemem-
bers of Congress who voted for it, nor Sutro, nor any
of the mino owners, intended at the time of its pas-
sage to interfere in any manner with existing con-
tracts,
Thisconclusion is in the first plaeesuggested by the
phraseology of the section itself. If the law was to
supersede the contracts, why should they have been
referred to at all? It a royalty of two dollars per ton
was to bo imposed by Congress, as now claimed, why
not havesiinpiy enacted that upon the completion
of the tunnel each miner upon the lode or within the
district should pay to the tunnel owners a fixed sum
per ton upon ail ore extracted? If the design was,
asnowcla imed, simplj* to fix tliis amount of a royally,
it was ecrtainJy a most unusual and a most arriiward
mode of doing it to thus avoid a short expression by
plain figures, and resort to a long and clumsy referr
ence to amounts named in certain contracts made by
a majority of companies upon a certain lode.
Again, the Senator from Nevada who introduced
the original bill and his colleague who supported
it, and who are still in the Senate, both assert that
there was no intention to interfere with or in any way
modify existing agreements; that in their conversa-
tions with Sutro, at whose instance the bill was intro-
duced, he never suggested such interference, and, so
far as they know, never contemplated or asked for a
law having this effect.
Still further, that there was no such design is ren-
dered almost certain by tho relation which the time
of the introduction of the bill bears to the execu-
tion of the contracts. They wero virtually contem-
poraneous. The contracts, of which the form and
mutual stipulations hod been considered for some
months, were executed in the months of March,
April, and May, 1866. The bill was introduced very
shortly after, and became a 1 aw July 26th of that year.
They were really parts of the same transaction. An
act for a right of way, for a land grant, and for min-
eral veins to be discovered, was part of the plan pro-
posed by Sutro in connection with these agreements,
and approved at tho time by the mining companies.
Immediately after the completion of tho contracts
Sutro eame to Washington with the avowed purpose
of obtaining an act of that character. Now, is it not
almost impossible to believe that after months of
careful preparation of mutual covenants deemed
essential by the parties, and upon the heels of their
formal ratification, a bill should be introduced and
permitted to bccome a law, with theconsentof those
parties, by which all thecovenantsupontlieonesido
were abrogated and annulled? No new considera-
tions aro pretended to have intervened, aud can it
be supposed that the mining companies consented
thus to release those essential guaranteesupon which
they had so inflexibly insisted? Can it bo believed
thatjthc congressional Representatives of the State
of Nevada would intentionally permit so gross a
wronsr to these important mining interests? Can it
bo believed that Sutro would be guilty of the bad
faith involved in asking this to be done?
It is true that Sutro stated before tho committee
that ho did so understand this section at the time,
and that he so stated his understanding to tho Ne-
vada Senators; but in the faco of dircct personal
contradiction, as well as thatof the surrounding cir-
cumstances, and of his plain duty toward the absent
mining companies, weprefer to believe that his mem-
ory is now at fault, to believing him thus capable of
an act so damaging to his charactcr as an honest
man.
But not onlydid the phraseology of this section
manifest the intentions of all pnrties at its passage,
but there is every reason to believe that Sutro, for
years afterward, continued under the same misap-
prehensions as to its effect, lie certainly does not
show that until within the past six months he ever
communicated to the mining companies which con-
tracted with him his claims to a royalty by this
law, or otherwise than by their agreements. If he
so understood it he deceived them. In the summer
of 18(57. finding that ho was not ablo to comply with
tho conditions as to time, subscriptions, or work
above recited, he applied to the boards of trustees
of the various companies to extend the period for
fulfilling these conditions for one year and until
August!, 1868. A blank form for these extensions
was prepared by him for signature, a copy of which
can be found in a book called the "Sutro Tunnel"
Hook, page 188, published by him in 1868. It recites
that, "in consideration of the sum of one dollar,
and other considerations, the company covenants
that said party of the second part shall have, and is
hereby granted, an extension of time lor one year
from and after the period specified in articles first,
third, fourth, and fifth, of a certain contract entered
into between the parties hereto on the day of
 , I860."
These articles are the same quoted in the com-
mencement of this report. Tho execution of this
document was pressed upon the companies most in-
dustriously and as being vital to his success. Only
a lew or them were induced to sign it. .Now, did or
did not Sutro, in 1867, believe that the articles above
mentioned were still in force between the parties,
notwithstanding tho law of 1866? Did he under-
stand, at that time, tiiat by act of Congress these
articles had been annulled? Did he believe that by
that act tho bounty benefits were secured to him in-
dependent of the performance byhimof these stipu-
lations according to the agreement? If so, why ask
for an extension of time to perform them? Why
urge with such assiduity, ana with such misrepre-
sentations, as to its importance, an act vain and
nugatory ? The conclusion is irresistible, that at that
time heshared with tbemining companies theopinion
that these stipulations had not been impaired by the
law. To believe otherwise, and to .suppose that he
knew of the mistake and its effect, would be to im-
pute to him a concealment which was a fraud and a
line of conduct whien was an acted falsehood. Again
he publishes in the book above referred to, (page
1(56,) in March, 1868, a report prepared by a commit-
tee under his supervision and adopted April 4,1867
by the Mechanics' Institute of California., in which!
after describing the contracts, the committee say
' We understand from Mr. Sutro that these contracts
are subject to the conditions that he and his asso-
ciates obtain subscriptions to the amount of $3,000 000
in currency prior to the 1st day of Augusr, 1868 "
ihe object of the statement was to procure a prompt
subscription to his stock, thut he might not lose the
benefits of the contract by failure to perform these i
conditions Here, again, Sutro either intriHioaally !
deceived those with whom ho was dealing, or ho
supposed this condition referred to to be still in force
notwithstanding the law.
If it is said that the object of the original law was
to impose on the companies on tho Comstock lode
who refused to contract with Sutro the same liabil-
ities as those were under who did, this.whiio making
tho injustice of that law mbre glaring, does not show
that its intent was further to relieve him from the
obligation of fulfilling his agreements with those who
did contract with him.
Second. But whatever may have been the exact
period at which Sutro discovered that his bounty
was secured by law and not by contract, it is satisfac-
torily established that the mining companies rested
under their mistake until shortly previous to the time
of the commencement of work upon the tunnel in the
latter part of October, 1S69. It was about that period
that Sutro first brought notice of his claim to theso
companies in an advertisement for asale of hisstock,
in which this absolute royalty was claimed in spite
of its forfeiture under the contracts. They had no
part in the original passage of the law, and no mis-
trust.to induce a careful examination of its provisions
after its publication.
For three and a half years after tho agreements
were made nothing whatever was done toward tho
construction of the tunnel, and therefore nothing to
draw attention to the provision in question. Noth-
ing in the conduct of Mr. Sutro awakened any sus-
picions that he claimed otherwise than according to
their contracts.
As soon as this claim was asserted to them they
promptly repudiated its obligation; and when in-
formed by their attorneys that the law would bear
tho construction claimed by Sutro, and that this con-
struction would probably be adopted by the courts,
they prepared their petitions to Congress for relief.
They nave refused, each of them, to accept any patent
to their mines containing the condition required by
this section. _ They have, therefore, been guilty of no
laches in their application, nor suffered any equities
to be acquired by expenditures in ignorancc ot their
intentions.
Third. The work done upon the tunnel under
theso circumstances would not, even if important in
amount, be entitled to any weight in preventing the
modification of the law to conform to the mutual
understanding of the parties. But this work is, in
fact, insignificant in its character. The statement
that the tunnel is in a distance of between seven and
eight hundred feet is, if not disingenuous, at le-st
calculated to mislead. In truth only sixty-five leot
of the tunnel is completed or in <iiiy condition ap-
proaching completion. This work was commenced
somo time in October last, three years after the time
stipulated, and this sixty-five feet was completed by
tho labor of fifteen men by the 1st of December.
Since then nine men and ablacksmith have been the
only persons employed in running a small drift
through gravel several hundred feet into the hill.
The timbering of tho sixty-five feet of tunnel com-
pleted did not cost to cxcecd six or seven hundred
dollars. The cost of all work uponthe tunnel, includ-
ing labor and materials, did not at the time the bill
was introduced equal $5,000. Whether this tardy and
feeble commencement, so disproportionate to tho
magnitude of the enterprise, be regarded as a real
attempt at construction, or whether, as seems more
reasonable, it be regarded as having been done to
turnish tho premise of an argument before Congress,
for which purpose it is now being used as auxiliary
to foul abuse of every one in or out of Congress who
does not favor the Sutro scheme, it can in no way
affect the equity of the proposed legislation. It was
done with full knowledge of tho error and injustice
of the original act, of the circumstances attending
its passage, and of the intention of the parties inj ured
by it to apply to Congress for the relief now sought.
in the mean time the mining companies have ac-
quired equitiesof a very different character. During
the three and a half years that Sutro has remained
idle the companies have expended millions in devel-
oping and increasing their working facilities. Con-
sidering, as they had a right to do, after so long a
penodof inactivity, and after a breach by Sutro of
all the essential conditions of the contracts, that
the tunnel, if ever made, would be made as Sutro
was claiming, as a national exploring measure and
with national money, and could not in any event be
a tax upon them, they ceased to regard it either with
fait a or interest, and shaped their mining operations
without reference to it. Some of the benefits pro-
posed by its construction theyhave secured by other
and expensive appliances; others the developments
have shown to have been more imaginary than real.
Of these proposed benefits drainage was the princi-
pal. At the time the contracts were made the aver-
age depths of theshafts were from five to six hundred
feet, and down to this depth large quantities ot water
were encountered It was thought at that time that
if the water should continue to be found in like quan-
tities m descending, the tunnel at great depths would
®*0' rm?®' absolutely necessary, at least ofgreat util-
ity. iheprincipalshafts arenowdown toaa average
of from ton_to eleven hundred feet,and in the last throe
hundred feet no considerable amount of water has
been encountered. Tho mining superintendents—a
body of men many of whom add to a stock of scien-
tific mining knowledge much superior to that found
in the compiled literature circulated by Sutro, a
practical experience upon this lode infinitely more
valuable as an element of judgment on this point-
are unanimously of opinion that the water belt has
been passed, and that its occurrence in any consid-
erable quantity is not to be feared in descending to
any depth, however great. The principal claims
have erected heavy and expensive hois ting and pump-
ing machinery, amply sufficient in the opinions of
