182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Morgan.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him for a
single moment to state a fact ?
Mr. MORGAN. With pleasure.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He says
that the bounty on salt was given to the fisher-
men to reconcile them to the war with- Great
Britain in 1812. It so happens that I am a
native of the town of Marblehead, in Massa-
chusetts, the center of the fishing interest, a
strongly patriotic population, whose services
in the war of the Revolution and the war of
1812 are matter of historical record.
Mr. MORGAN. A good town I have always
heard—Democratic, too.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The fish-
ermen of that town were strongly interested in
the war of 1812, and were opposed to the party
who opposed the war. There was no class of
people who entered more readily into it and
who rendered more services during the war
than the citizens of the town of Marblehead, a
purely fishing town. I think the gentleman
is mistaken, therefore, in saying that this bounty
was granted to reconcile the fishermen to the
war of 1812.
Mr. MORGAN. If I erred I thank the
honorable gentleman, who is an honor to the
State and district from which lie comes, for the
correction. If I said the bounty was given to
reconcile the fishermen to the war I did not
intend so to say; it was not the fishermen but
the authorities who were opposed to the war.
I certainly desire neither to do injustice to his
district nor to any portion of the people of
New England. I confess to the honorable gen-
tleman that I drew my conclusion from the
facts. When I found that bounties were given
at that particular time to certain New England
interests, while they were denied to much larger
and more important interests in the agricul-
tural States, 1 supposed that it was true, as has
ben long charged, that the bounty was awarded
in order to conciliate the opposition that ex-
isted in New England to the war of 1812. Cer-
tain it is that the executive and legislative
authorities of the New England States were in
sympathy with the enemy and did all in their
power to embarrass the Federal Government
in a vigorous prosecution of the war. But it
is only just to say that a considerable portion
of the people of those kSlatea bore themselves
gallantly in the field, and in some degree atoned
for the bad faith of their rulers, ana among those
who were true to our (lag were the brave fisher-
men, who are always as true as they are brave.
Now, sir, I know that it has been said in
other times that the fishing bounty was given
for tho purpose of preparing seamen for our
Navy.
Sir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. And that
is the true ground.
Mr. MORGAN. My friend says that is the
true ground. I know that is the alleged ground.
But the first bounties ever given were not given
alone to those engaged in curing fish, but they
were likewise given to those who were engaged
ill packing pork and beef, and who never saw the
sea. Now, it will hardly be claimed that boun-
ties were given to, men engaged in preparing
pork and beef for exportation for the purpose of
making sailors of them. The act of 1789, which
imposed a tariff tax on salt, granted bounties
not alone to theeurers and exporters of fish, but
also to the packers and exporters of pork and
beef, and the bounties allowed were the same—
5 cents a quintal on dried fish, 5 cents a barrel
on pickled fish, and 5 cents a barrel on beef
and pork. '1 hat, sir, was the first act granting
fishing bounties; and theeurers and exporters
of fish and the packers and exporters of beef
and pork were placed upon the same footing;
the seamen of the coast and the landsmen of
the interior alike received a bounty, which
bounty was in lieu of drawback, and not as the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] supposed, in order to prepare sailors
for our Navy.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to say to the gentleman that the men en-
gaged in the codfisheries pursued their busi-
ness upon the banks of Newfoundland, and
were at sea for three or four months at a time,
and I think if the gentleman will look back
to the history of the war of 1812 he will find
that it is admitted by every one that the best
sailors on board our ships of war then were
fishermen—men whose whole lives, one might
say, were passed upon the ocean.
Mr. MORGAN. The facts in the case
clearly show that the true reason for giving
that bounty (of 1812) was not for the purpose of
making sailors, for prior to that time similar
bounties had been given, as I have already
said, to a class of men who were engaged in
packing pork and beef, and most of whom
never saw the ocean.
Mr. Chairman, our brave fishermen have no
better friend than myself; and I stand ready
to prove my friendship by voting to put salt on
the free list, treating seamen and landsmen
alike, and to admit free of duty those articles
which are of prime necessity in their calling.
I stand ready to do more, sir. I am for redu-
cing the tariff tax at least one half on woolen
and cotton goods, and thus enable the seamen,
ay, and the landsmen, too, to buy their clothing
at about one half the price they now pay.
But to return to the unjust discrimination
against the West. Why is it that the people
of Ohio are taxed to pay this tribute to New
England? for tribute money it is. Why is it
that the people of the great West, of the agri-
cultural regions, of the stock-raising regions
of the country, are taxed to pay millions upon
millions of bounty to New England? They,
sir, are victims and tho monopolists of New
England arc lceches fastened upon their vitals,
draining their life-blood and sapping their
energies.
Sir, we continually hear the cry for protec-
tion coming up from New England. Protec-
tion for whom? For the New England mo-
nopolists. Aggression against whom ? Against
the western and southern agriculturists. They
tell us that the success of our free institutions,
tho well-being of our people, and the advance-
ment of the business interests of the country
demand protection.
But, sir, at tho very moment that they are
crying for protection for the manufacturing
establishments of New England they demand
and actually receive free trade for the benefit
of their fishing interests. At the very moment
that tho beef-packers, the pork-packers, and
the butter manufacturers of the West pay a
tax of $1 55 upon each dollar's worth of salt
they use the fishermen of New England receive
their salt at the custom-house and draw it out
of bond without paying one cent of tax. Free
trade for New England when free trade bene-
fits New England; but protection to New Eng-
land when the benefits of that protection are
to be wrung from the blood and sweat and toil
of the millions of the West and South.
Sir, I do not speak at random. I hold in
my hand the report of Hon. David A. Wells,
and 1 cannot refer to it without yielding to him
the commendation which must come from the
heart and the judgment of every American who
properly estimates his services. I call the
attention of the committee to a table showing
that in the district of Gloucester, Massachu-
setts, for the third quarter of the calendar year
18G9, 8,022,778 pounds of salt were entered at
the custom house and drawn out by the curers
of fish. The value of that salt was $9,307. The
duty upon that amount of salt is $14,440 98.
In other words, under our laws the Now Eug-
land fish-pasker bought at the custom-house
in New England for $9,307 what would have
cost at the same place the pork-packer, the
beef-packer, or the butter-packer of the West
$23,747.
The table to which I refer, and the correct-
ness of which is not denied, is as follows, and
illustrates the actual ad valorem duty on for-
eign salt and shows the amount of salt with-
drawn from bond for the fisheries in the dis-
trict of Gloucester, Massachusetts, for the
third quarter of the calendar year 1869, with
the value, amount of duty remitted, and the
duty, specific and ad valorem, as officially
returned:
Months.
Pounds.
"rt
s
: Value.
Duty.
Per cent,
of value,
July 
August 
September 
Total 
•1,134,433
2,408,350
1,429,995
18c.
18c.
18c.
$1,853
2,724
1,730
$7,532 00
4,335 02
2,573 96
155.20
159.14
148.78
8,022,778
-
$9,307
814,440 98
155.16
The manufacturing monopolists of New Eng-
land struck hands with the salt monopolists of
New York and Michigan ; they entered into a
bargain. And what are its terms ? Why, sir,
the salt kings of New York and Michigan said
to the manufacturing princes of New England,
" Give us a tariff duty of $1 55 on every dol-
lar's worth of salt imported, and we will agree
that all the salt which you may use to cure fish
shall come in free of duty." And that is what
is done. But the bargain does not stop here.
The salt kings further said, " On condition that
you will aid us in making the people pay us
$2 65 for every dollar's worth of salt they buy we
will aid you to compel the people, the fisher-
men included, to pay you $2, or more if you
choose, for every dollar's worth of goods you
sell them." They struck hands, and fishermen
and landsmen alike were plundered.
As I have said, I am not one of those who
entertain sectional prejudices. I love my whole
country. I am proud of my whole country.
I am proud of much that New England has
a right to be proud of; but I want to aid in
correcting one idea prevalent in those States,
namely, that the great West is a big goose and
that all the feathers on the goose belong to
New England. The operation of plucking is an
unpleasant one to us. We want it stopped.
We protest against its continuance.
But, sir, we are told that this salt interest is
a great interest; that it is an interest which
demands protection. Why, sir, instead of the
salt-manufacturers of New York and Michigan
requiring protection the fact appears officially
that they are able to undersell the importers
of salt upon the sea-coast. They can take then-
salt from Syracuse to the coast and undersell
foreign importers of the same article.
On this point I invite attention to the fol-
lowing extract from the report of Mr. Wells:
" That the existing duty is not required to sustain
and develop the domestio manufacture of salt is
proved by the fact that tho United States annually
exports upward of 500,000 bushels of salt to the Brit-
ish possessions, and maintains such an export vear
after year, in defiance of all competition; and "fur-
ther, that for tho purpose of retaining full control
of the domestic market, salt is always sold by the
domestio producer to fishermen, who have tho right
to withdraw salt from bond freo of duty, at rates
wliioh admit of no advantage as respects price to tho
use of the imported article."
I do not complain with any feeling of bitter-
ness toward New England because she has
succeeded in compelling Ohio and the great
West to pay her tribute. The fault is ours at
least as much as it is hers; and until the people
of the West and the Representatives of the
people of the West strike in defense of western
interests and western rights, and strike against
these monopolies created In the East to the
prejudice of the West, until we do that tho
