1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
I voted in the Thirty-Ninth Congress to in-
crease the salaries of members. And were the
condition of the country now as it was then,
I would now vote against decrease; and were
the salaries now $8,000,1 would vote to make
them $5,000, if the condition of the country
now was what it was at-that time. I was one
of the fifty odd members who voted in that
way; bat at that time we had more currency *,
times were better. [Great laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The one minute allowed
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingebsoll]
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox I
has expired.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman can
yield another minute, I suppose.
The CHAIRMAN. Does, the' gentleman
from New York yield further?
Mr. COX. I will yield a minute more to so
clever a gentleman; but I will say first that I
look upon this as a covert attack upon the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who always takes pay for his services in gold.
The gentleman from Illinois raises a question
about cnrrency 5 but it has no pertinency to
this matter about economy.
Mr. INGERSOLL. We will see about that
after awhile. I will show that it has some
pertinency.
-Mr. COX. I want to say, Mr. Chairman,
after listening to this debate, that it is the
largest debate on a small matter that I ever,
heard. [Laughter.] Gentlemen have under-
taken to run this matter of economy by saving;
candle-ends and cheeSe-parings while they vote
down resolutions seeking for information as to
millions of expenditures of this Government
in the Navy Department. Yesterday I sought
to offer such a resolution inquiring for details
as to an expenditure of'millions. Yet here
we waste days, and perhaps shall waste weeks,
in discussing small matters, when immense
amounts axe wasted and unaccounted for.
I see before me the gentlem'an from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who is hereon this1 side
of the House to honor ipe with his attention.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I could
not hear yba at'my seat..
Mr. COX. It hasbeencharged by the gen,-,
tleman fro to. Nevada [Mr. Pitch] that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts ran away from this
Congress and from his guardiatiship of the
interests of Virginiafor the purpose of rriaki'ng
money in his profession. 1 defend the member'
from Massachusetts. He never rati' away.
[Laughter.] He would hot run away as a
soldier arid Jie would not ran away as a states-
man. He id Always here when there is trouble.
I say now, in his defense, that 'I believe his
motion is made ?n perfect good faith. J He
would, if possible, save this small amount of
mileage iu the interest of this Republic. He
loves the people of this country. He would
not take mileage either^ti currency Or in gold:
He would stand by economy on this 'little
matter. But why did he not stand by his col-
league [Mr. diwtesj. the other day on a matter
connected with these large expendltureS'in the
Navy and othef Departments? Why do his.
political associates on the other side refuse to
allow us information upon these' matters when
we propose to obtain it by resolutions of
inquiry?
More than that, I defend the honorable niehl-
ber from Massachusetts ag&ihst the insidious
assault made on him by the gentleman frdm
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] . What does the
gentleman from Ulihois meah when he' inti-
mates that the gentleman from Massachusetts
gets money outside of Congress ? I would not
stand it if I were the member from Massachu-
setts. [Laughter.] I thiilk it peculiarly'for-
tunate that the Democratic party, represented'
in an humble way by myself, can defend one
who was formerly an honored and distinguished
associate, who even went farther than his party
friends in standing by the cause of the South
in perilous times. If there is one gentleman j
whom I love to defend more than another, not !
only in-his military, but in his economical
career, commencing with the Dutch Gap canal
and running through all his conduct, connected
as it is with his noble, moral, high-toned prin-
ciples respecting the policy of this Govern-
ment, it is the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. Is an amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
the condition of the question. The pending
amendment has been several times advocated
and opposed, withdrawn and renewed. When
withdrawn the last time it was renewed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox;] who
spoke, or who at least is presumed to have
spoken, in favor of his own amendment. If the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
rises to oppose the amendment he is in order.
Mr. BANKS. I think it well, Mr. Chair-
man, that the House should have a vote upon
the question of the reduction of the present
pay and mileage of members, and I am very
willing to vote for either of the propositions.
There has not been an increase of the salaries
of members by the direct concurrent vote of
this House since 1857, when the question stood
by itself alone. In 1866 the House voted per-
sistently and repeatedly, by large majorities,
against an increase of the salaries of members.
The Senate voted in favor of that increase.
The Honse was in favor of the bounty acts for
the soldiers 5 but the Senate opposed that act,
and in a committee of conference it was dis-
tinctly stated, and that report was made to the
House, that the Senatfe'would not consent to
the bounty for the soldiers unless the House
would consent to the increased compensation
of members. I made that report myself, and
on that statement alone the Honse voted for
the increase of the compensation of members
of Congress, and that was voted only by a
majority of one, as has been stated already.
It is not to be charged, therefore, against
the members that they voted for an increase of
compensation alone on the merits of the prop-
osition ; for, sir, I would have voted against
it myself if it had been presented singly; bat
being .coupled as it. was mdissolnbly with the
question of bounty to the soldiers, 1 voted for
the whole proposition. I think it due to the
House that this statement should be made.
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to strike oat the last word; and
I wOuld be glad to have distinctly understood
the ground upon which I have proposed the
pending amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope order will be
restored so that we may hear the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
take care that the gentleman shall hear every
word I say here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE; That is what I want.
Mr; BUTLER,'of Massachusetts. At first
I desire to get oat- of this all there is of
drgoment to the prejudice. I have moved
merely at the mileage and not at the compens-
ation of members. I think any manwho is
fit to behere is fit to have $5,000 for his ser-
vice ; and I do not know bat more.
Why, sir, wthe feet that I am able in my pro-
fession to earn something to help myself with
used as an argument why the people should
pay mere than they ought to those who have no
ability to earn anything elsewhere to take care
of-themselves ? [Laughter.] Now, I desire
tap say farther that I have no wish to cut down
the salary of members. I state again that the
mileage operates unequally and therefore on-
justly, and if any gentleman mil move for a
fair sum to be appropriated to pay the aetual
expenses of members in travel I will consider
whether I can vote for it. And I am glad on
this great matter of economy—for here is half
a million to be saved—there can be found no
argument against it, either by the gentleman
from Illinois or by any other member, than
insinuations against me that nobody dare
speak out loud. As to the vituperation of the
member from New York [Mr. Cox] hewillhear
my answer to him by every boy that whistles
it on the street and every hand-organ, "Shoo,
fly; don'tbodderme 1" [Long-continued laugh-
ter and applause.]
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to renew it.
message from tiie senate.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from, the Senate of the United
States by Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed
House bill No. 1097, making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes, with amendments,
i^ which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolution (S. R. No. 124)
amending an act entitled " An act for the relief
of Henry C. Noyes," in which the concurrence
of the House was also requested.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
, Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to yield to
1 me for one minute.
Mr-STEVENSON. I yield to the gentleman
for one minute.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, in reply to the
remarks which fell from the distinguished sol-
| dier from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] I beg
leave to say this: I undertook in a quiet way
! to defend him, and he makes a sort of negro
| minstrel remark on me which has nopertinency
i so far as my remarks were concerned. Why
did he not answer the intimations of gentlemen
on his own side ? Everybody here knows—
both sides of this House know, this country
knows—that gentleman is considered to be a
.bad man.
Mr. HOAR. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. COX. I dare do what his own friends
dare not do. I defended the member from
Massachusetts because the attacks were not
made directly.
Mr. HOAR. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. My point of Order is that the
language of the gentleman from New York is
a transgression of the rules of the Honse.
Mr. COX. I called the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] a bad man, and
everybody knows it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired. The Chair sustains the point of
order. .
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] give me half a minute, to
enable me to finish my sentence? I only wish
to say this 
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman was
certainly stopped at a bad place, but I must
decline to yield further.
Mr. COX. I wish to say that the gentleman
from Massachusetts hides himself like a bomb-
proof soldier, as he is 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] is out of order. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] does
not yield him the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suppose everything
that can be said of a humorous character on
this question has been said. I propose to treat
it seriously, so far as I can enter npon the dis-
cussion of the question in the time that is le
me. I would remind gentlemen that there 1
already a serious proposition, regularly rQ.,
duced, to abolish mileage. I introduce" ^
some time ago, and it was referred to the co
