1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
402#
consumes, and which falls like a leaden weiglafc
upon the poor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
, Mr. WOOD. In order to understand and
comprehend the question before the House, I
think it would be well to keep in mind a few
pregnant facts. It is well ascertained under
the existing laws that we will collect at least
$120,000,000 in excess of the ordinary expend-
itures of the Government; that we can take
$60,000,000 off our tariff, and $40,000,000 ofFour
direct taxation, and yet leave more than enough
to bear the expenditures of the Government
and to provide for the interest upon the public
debt, a.nd something toward the sinking fund
to liquidate the debt itself. Therefore, sir, it
is that in my judgment the American people
demand a reduction of taxation. And I con-
sider that it is a very proper and very pertinent
question for this House now to determine
whether this income tax itself is one of the
taxes which can be properly reduced or abol-
ished entirely.
Now, sir, in my judgment this tax is not only,
to the extent to wliich it is now levied, entirely
unnecessary, but it is obnoxious to other ob-
jections. It is unequal in its collection. It is
oppressive. It is in contravention of the Con-
stitution in being unequally levied, as the Con-
stitution provides that all taxes shall be levied
according to numbers. Take, sir, the State of
New York. TheStateof New York pays thirty
per cent, of the entire income tax of the coun-
try. And yet the State of New York has only
sibout one tenth of the wealth and population
of the country. The city of New York, with
six Representatives here, pays more tax to the
United States than twenty-live per cent, of the
entire balance of the country.
Mr. ELA. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. WOOD. I cannot yield for a question
in a five minutes' speech. The Constitution
provides that this tax, that all direct taxes shall
lie levied among*the several States according
t.o the amount necessary to be collected. But
under this income tax the State of New York
pays thirty per cent., whereas if it were bear-
ing only its just share in the ratio of its wealth
and population to those of the whole country
it would only be obliged to pay about ten per
cent.
But, sir, gentlemen argue in favor of this tax
because they assume that it is a tax upon the
rich man. They are laboring under the hallu-
cination that it is the wealthy men who con-
tribute the income tax to the Treasury. I think
if they will look carefully and examine stu-
diously into the various forms, modes, and
manners by which the rich man collects his
money and protects himself they will find that
after all it comes out of the earnings of the
industries of the country, and not out of the
dividends from stocks or the products of wealth
itse! f.
Why, sir, the largest tax-payer in the United
States is A. T. Stewart, of New York. He is
the largest in the world. He lias paid an in-
come tax on over one million dollars into the
Treasury in one year. Now, I know it is the
popular opinion and the popular belief that
Mr. Stewart pays that tax. Sir, he is but the
engine, he is but the physical instrument to
take tliQ,money from his customers and put it
into the public Treasury. He bears the same
relation to the tax itself that a clerk does who
goes to the bank to make a deposit for his
principal. Sir, he regulates his sales by a per-
centage of profits. He establishes a tariff by
winch he will impose ten per cent, profit upon
a series of articles. That tax is in the price,
and your wives and daughters, and those who
go there to purchase their materials for con-
sumption, find the income tax within the price,
and they pay it, and not Mr. Stewart.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a few words
in reply to what has been stated by several
gentlemen with reference to the character ot
this tax and the men who pay it; and here it
occurs to me that the argument of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] is remark-
ably inconsistent. He tells us that the State
of New York pays thirty per cent, of this en-
tire income tax. He tells us also, however,
tUat Mr. A. T. Stewart (he has named him,
and therefore I will) has paid into the Treasury
of the United States a tax upon more than one
million dollars in a single year as his income,
and that in the course of his business that pay-
ment is taken out of the pockets of those who
may happen to purchase wares of him. Now,
1 agree with the gentleman in his last state-
ment. I believe that a great majority of the
people who pay this income tax manage in
some way or another to transfer the payment
of it to others. I have no doubt that Mr. A.
T. Stewart and other leading business men of
the country in making up the cost of conduct-
ing their business take into their account this
income tax.as much as they take into account
the annual rents they pay on their place of
business, or as much as they take into account
their clerk hire and freight expenses. So that,
although apparently the eastern States may
pay a large proportion of this tax as compared
with the western States, yet iu fact, to the ex-
tent of the population of the West, we contrib-
ute to this form of tax as we contribute to other
forms of taxes.
It is said that this is an unjust tax. In one
sense it is an unjust and in another it is a proper
tax, being a tax upon accumulations of prop-
erty ; and although men who have large wealth
may manage to transfer a portion of this tax
over to the body of the people, yet it is a tax
upon accumulations, and as such is not oppres-
sive.
Bat I desired to call attention particularly to
the proposition made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and in a modified
form by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judd,] with reference to this tax ; and that is,
that it shall fall only upon a particular class of
accumulations, to wit, on the dividends of cor-
porations, upon the bonded debt of the railroad
and other corporations of the country, what-
ever may be tlie character of those corpora-
tions, that the business of the country as such
shall escape entirely from this tax. I submit
to the House that a tax upon the dividends of
corporations, a tax upon bonded debt, whether
municipal or corporate, is a tax upon the great
body of the people as much as a tax upon the
accumulations of the business men and manu-
facturers of the country.
These bonds and these stocks in all the
various corporations are held by the great mass
of the people, and when any property is
invested in banks and in railroads particularly,
those banks and those railroad companies
manage to recover their income tax again from
the pockets of the people. Where it applies
to railroads it is in the nature of a tax upon
transportation, for the railroad companies will
manage in some way to add to their rates of
fare and freights, in order to have placed in
their treasury a sufficient amount of money to
enable thorn to repay to themselves this income
tax.
Now, in my judgment, while this income
tax remains it ougliL to remain upon the accu-
mulations of property, from whatever source
that property may be derived. I should be
glad to exempt all salaries; but that is impos-
sible. I am willing to extend the exemption
to §2,000 upon all classes of people; but I
think it should be left upon all the accumula-
tions of property above the amount of $2,000,
whether from business, manufactures, or divi-
dends from corporations. One word more.
While we are adjusting these taxes I would
have been glad, when we had the tariff bill
under consideration, to have heard gentlemen
say something about the indirect taxes which
the people are compelled to pay. But we
heard then no cry for reduction of taxation,
but rather for an increase of the burdens of
the people, by increasing the impositions, upon,
articles of necessity which they consum^.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose every gentle-
man will admit that this is the only bill, and
the last opportunity in this Congress which
we will have for making any reduction of the
burdens of the people. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Schbnck] may say that we may get
another chance at the tariff. It is possible
that this House may have such a chance, and
for one _1 will vote for considering that ques-
tion again.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman and the
House may have that chance before twelve
o'clock to-night.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know whether
we will have that chance or not. <
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be the fault of the
House if you do not.
Mr. SARGENT. I will vote with the gen-
tleman to take up any measure that will re-
duce the burdens now resting upon the people.
But there is not one chance in twenty that any
tariff bill will pass both this House and the
Senate during this Congress. And further-
more, it is a matter of much dispute between
those who are for and those who are against
the tariff bill in the form it was last before the
House, from the change of classifications,
whether it would really reduce the burdens
upon the people, and not increase them.
The next bill to come in from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is a bill in relation to
the tax on whisky and tobacco. That bill will
not propose, or at all events it ought not to
propose, to reduce the tax on those articles,
because they are superfluities of life—I might
say, perhaps, the evils of life—and the manufac-
ture and sale of them isa business which should
be strongly taxed. At any rate, the reduction
of that tax, if any be made, will be but slight.
We may ease the regulations, smooth in places
where there is friction ; but that is all. After
that there is a third bill to come in, which is
simply to arrange and regulate the machinery
by means of which the taxes are to be collected.
Of course no reduction of taxes will be effected
by that bill. I believe, therefore, that I am
correct when I say that this bill now under
consideration affords us the only opportunity
for fulfilling our pledges to the people, of
answering their demand for relief by lifting off
a portion of the burdens now resting upon
them.
Now, what does this bill propose to do?
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Sciienck] says that this bill will
reduce the taxes about thirty-three million
dollars. The amount of revenue derived from
the income tax, according to the gentleman,
less bank, insurance, and other dividends, is
■about twenty-five million dollars. By increas-
ing the exemption from $1,000 to $1,500, as
proposed by this bill, about five million seven
hundred and forty thousand dollars will be
taken from the revenue. Then, by staking out
the whole of the income tax, not metely in-
creasing the exemption, without making any
allowance for an increase of the business of the
country and thte consequent increase of the tax-
paying power of the country, this bill will re-
duce the revenues of the country only about
fifty-two million dollars. That will leave a
surplus of receipts over expenditures, accord-
ing to the estimate of the Department, of over
fifty-two million dollars for the sinking fund.
I showed yesterday that one half of that amount
would pay off the debt by means of a sinking
fund in about thirty-four years.
Now, will any gentleman tell me that he be-
lieves there are only nine thousand four hun-
dred and sixty-four persons inthe United States
with incomes exceeding the sum of £5,000?
Why, sir, there is that number in New iork
city alone. Nobody can deny it. Does any--
body believe that out of the whole forty million
people of the United States there are only two
hundred and seventy-two thousand eight hun-
