1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3085
has been considerable improvement In the
ventilation since I have been here, and espe-
cially this year. I have never known the Hall
of the Senate to be anything like as well ven-
tilated as it has been this year. I do not know
what the improvement that was made last year
was, and I do not know who made it, but it
was a great improvement.
Mr. NYE. The committee to whom this
subject was referred have been quite Faithfully
at work. We have npon it a distinguished
member of the other House, who is quite sci-
entific on the subject of ventilation, and it is for
the very purpose of ascertaining whether ven-
tilation can be obtained without the large ex-
penditure proposed to be voted at once by the
Sena'or from Illinois that this appropriation
is asked for. The committee thought tt would
be better to make some experiments, which
would be certain, than to recommend a larger
expenditure ** an experiment. That is the
object for which this resolution is asked.
'Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to the
resolution, but. 1 have very little hope of good
coming from it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
8«nate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT CORPORATION LAW.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1427) to provide for the creation of cor-
porations in the District of Columbia.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
STEAMSIIIP COMPANY".
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. It. No. 897) to incorporate the Washington
and Boston Steamship Company.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would ask whether if is
advisable for us to proceed with these special
acts of incorporation now that we have passed
a general act?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that I under-
stand this company hav* a boat ready to put
ob this line, and it will be a great convenience
to them to have the bill passed at once.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if the bill which
has just been passed making a general corpor-
ation law for the District is a House bill?
Mr. SUMNEli. it is a House bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It snrely will cover this
and all similar casee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Aw-
thoky in the chair.) It is a Honee bill, and
it was pawed without amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. But it will cause delay
to this company if we do not pais this bill now.
They have a beat already built ready to put on
the line. This is a Hoirse bill also.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better Mop
with this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts object to the con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do net.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and will be read.
The bill was read. By its provisions James
S. Gnnnell, Wendell T. Davis, Horatio Brown-
ing, Alpheus Middleton, W.Albert King, An-
drew Potts, A. Gaddis, jr., Edward Hartley,
Edwin A. Ryther, William L. Wall, G. M.
Wright, William H. Morrison, George P. Goff.
George W. Potter, H. F. Zimmerman, and
Henry Mayo, and J. W. Seaver, and J. J. New-
comb, and John W. Boteler, Samuel Cross,
George Waters, George Rogers, and their asso-
ciates and successors, or a majority of them,
are constituted a body politic and corporate by
the name and style of the Washington and Bos-
ton Steamship Company. The capital stock
of the company is to be not less than $50,000
aor more than $300,000, to be divided into
shares of $100 each. The company is to estab-
lish and run «line or lines of vessels propelled
by steam or other power between the oities of
Washington, Georgetown, Alexandria, Nor-
folk, ana other ports iu the State of Virginia,
on the Potomac river, Chesapeake bay, or the
tributaries of the same, and Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, i*nd
ARMS FOR CQLLEOB8.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. It. No. 216) authorizing
the supply of arms for instruction and practice
to certain colleges and universities; which w)is
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
grants authority to the Secrotary of War to
issue, at his discretion and under proper regu-
lations to be prescribed by him, out of any
small-arms or pieces of field artillery belonging
to the Government and which can be spared
for that purpose, such number of the same ns
may appear to be required for military instruc-
tion and practice by the students of any col-
lege or university, under the provisions of
section twenty-six of the act to increase and
fix the military peace establishment of the
United States; the Secretary to require a bond
in each CMe, in double th« value of the prop-
erty, for ita care and safe-keeping thereof, and
for jts return when required.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time", and passed.
BKTUR.f OP DISCHARGE PAPERS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. It. No. 14G) for the return
of evidence of honorable discharge to officers;
which was considered as in ,Committee of the
Whole. I
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the joint resolution with amendments, which
were in line foar to insert after the word "offi-
cer" the words "or enlisted man;" and in
line eight, after the word "officer," to insert
'*or enlisted man;" and in lines ten and eleven
to strike out the words ''and this provision
shall al&o extend to the discharges of enlisted
men" and to insert in lieu thereof "and
provided that the fact, date, and amount of
snch settlement #hall first be clearly written
across the faee of such evidence of honorable
discharge, and attested by the signature of the
accounting officer;" so as to make the resolu-
tion read:
13* tt rrtolned, «fro., That in all cases where it has
bosoms neeecsary for any officer or enlisted man of
the Army to filo bis evidence of honorable discharge
from the military sorvicc of the United States, to
secure the settlement of his accounts, the account-
ing offleer with whom it has been filed shall, upon
application by gaid offloeror enlisted man, dehrcr to
bimsueh cvidenceef honorable discbarge, providing
Ws aocmunts shall have been duly settled: Andprn~
That the fact, date, and amount of such settle-
ment (hall first bo tlearly written across the face of
m oh evidence of honorable discharge, and attested
, by the signature of the accounting officer.
The amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and tbe amendmeuts were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the resolution read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed. Its title was amended so as to
read, "A joint resolution for the return of
evidence of honorable discharge to officers and
enlisted men."
AIR-MOTOR COHPANT.
i The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 697) to incorporate Spear's Air-Motor
National Company.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think that had better
be struck from the Calendar, since the general
act has been passed.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
I METROPOLITAN POLICE. i
I j
. The next bill on the Calendar was the bill i
, (S. No. 81) to amend and consolidate the sev-1
er?d actsestablishinarand relating t,oa Metropol-
itan police of the District of Columbia^
Mr. COLE. Let. tlmt so over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
REFINING OF BULLION.
Tlio next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 17) relative to the refiuing of gold and
silver bullion at the Mint of the United States
and branches.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury, whenever in
his judgment and in the judgment of the Di-
rector of tho Mint it is for the interest, of the
United Stivtes to do so, to receive on deposit
at the Mint of the United States and the .sev-
eral branches thereof, refined gold and .silver
bullion suitable for coinage, and in payment
thereof to deliver to the parties making such
deposits upparted Iws, at such rates and upon
such terms and regulations an shall be pre-
scribed by the Director of the Mint, snbjeci to
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. COL 15. I move to add this proviso to
the bill:
Provided. That any depositor may have his bullion
refined in tho Mint or branches if lio shall so clout.
Mr. WILL13Y. I do not see any member
of the Committee on Finance present.
Mr, STEWART. The Senator from Oregon
£Mr. Williams] has the bill in charge and he
is not here now. I suggest that it be passed
over until he returns.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over temporarily,
o. n. cutler.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H- R- No. lt 66) for the relief of Otis N.
Cutler, of Missouri; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The biil appro-
priates to Otis N. Cutler the sum of $50,000,
in full compensation for two hundred and sixty-
eight bales of cotton seized by order ot' Gen-
eral Grant, at Lake Providence, Louisiana,
the property of Cutler, used for military pur-
pose in equipping the steamer Tigress for run-
ning the blockade of the Mississippi river at
Viokburg, on the night of April 2a, 1863, and
destroyed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a pretty large
sum. • Is there a report?
Mr. DRAKE. The biil is reported from the
Committee on Claims of both Houses, it has
passed both Houses already, it passed the
Senate during the last Congress^ and has now
passed the House of Representatives. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a targe sum of
money. I should like tp bear the report.
. Mr. DRAKJ3. It,has passed the Senate on
a former occasion, and now has. passed the
House. There is p. report in favor of it from
the Committee on Claims in both Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Was the report read
before?
Mr. I>RAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I jvaut.to hear the report.
The Secretafy read the following report of
the Committee on Claims, submitted by Mr.
Howe on t,he 6th of July, 1808:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the claim of O. N. Cutler, have examined the same,
and submit the following as their report:
On the 5th day of March, one W i! I in ra C.
Wagley made a written con tract with John U. I{linck,
assistant quartermaster, for the nicking, ginning,
and baling of cotton thon growing on the lands about
Lilko Providence, in the State of Louisiana, which
had been abandoned by the rebel owqers and occu-
pants, and then lately brought within permanent
Union lines by the advande and oecupancy of the
l'Vderal tor()c .
This contract was approved by Major General
McPherson, commanding that district.
By the terms of the contract Wag ley was to gather,
gin, bole, and deliver at aeertain point of shipment
certain uitj)ieked andabandoucdcotton,in and about
Lake Providence, at his own expense. This cotion,
when so picked, ginned, and baled and delivered,
was to bo eauaily divided, and the Government to
have one half and Wagley tho other half, and Wag-
ley to have tho privilege of shipping Ins cotton to
Mcnuphis, Tennessee, on Government transports, he
paying freight thercf.jr.
On tho 3d day of April, tho same year, after having
