1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
the owners and superintendents to sink, explore, and
work economically below the proposed tunnel level.
For drainage, in their opinions, the tunnel is not
necessary, and is of doubtful utility.
Ventilation was an object of some, though minor
importance. It is now the almost unanimous opinion
of those owning and working the mines that the
tuhnol will bo of no practical advantage in this re-
spect. Perpendicular shafts, connected by horizon-
tal drifts, furnish a current of air equally strong and
pure with that which a tunnel would supply. Shafts
of this character aro now being sunk at such points
along the lodoas will raakothcireonneetion by driits
a matter of no more difficulty or expense than would
bo required to connect with the proposed tunnel if
completed to the lode. Hot or impure air will always
exist in new drifts or shafts until these connections
aro made, and this difficulty would be in no way
obviated by the tunnel. The tunnel, therefore, in
not needed for ventilation.
Cheap transportation by steam to water-power was
anotherof the objects proposed by Sutro to beaccom-
plished by his tunnel. Smco his failuro to comply
with his contracts, and within the last year, a rai Iroad
has been constructed at an expense of $1,500,QUO,
to which the mininj? companion have largely con-
tributed, connecting the various Comatock mines
with tho million the Carson river. That-whieh Sutro
proposed, but for three years and in violation of his
j'grccments neglected to do, tho mining companies
have smco at great expense done for themselves.
iSatislicd ot_ tho tiuth of tho above lacks wo cannot
believe that it id now proposed or intended to con-
struct, this tunnel because of its proposed necessity
or utility. J fit wcro ucecssary or sullicionfty useful
the miuiiigcomp.uucswuuldcunMtiuct if IhomsolvcH,
and that without tho aid of any law oi Oon«reys. They
have not shown themselves unenlightened upon their
own interests or illiberal in thuir expenditures tor
exploration, Thoy have mot every new want with
enterprise. They erect new hoisting works, sink new
shafts, introdueo now machinery, build railroads ns
fast us convinced by now developments of their de-
sirability. Whoso opinion is of the most worth as
to the necessity or utility of a work of thischaract et—
that of the men who doily superintend those mines
and of thus© who own thorn, or that of Sutro, who
is a stranger to them and who only visits tho city
which ^ overlies thorn annually or Pomi-ammsilly,
atu-ording a« hocan be spared from hi.-* congressional
labors?
Thoroul complaint which the miue-owners make
ngiiinst tho law si* it nowMuud.s in that it permits
and, porhnjw, may induce t ho riinuuu: of tin* tunnel
without reference to its utility, but simply as a spec-
ulation based upon an rttiumlo of tho amount ol
tribute which may bo laid upon tho ores now devel-
oped. or to bo developed, in thoir mines. J t i^ shown
that between tho surfucoof tho lodo and tho present
lower workings^thmo are vast, deposit-* of low-grade
ore, passed by in former years beeuiKo not of sndi-
oient value to justify working, but, which, owing to
the construction of tho railroad and tho cheapening
of materials and improvements in machinery, can
now be mined and milled at a. small profit of, say,
from two Jotivo dollars per ion. Many of the mines
derivothcir principal value i'rom the quantity of this
character of ore which they are supposod to contain.
Thoro aro not two mines on, the lodo to-day which
have ore upon thoir lowest, level. The gross yirld
of all tho ore worked from this lode in tho year I8(>9
was u few cents less than twenty-one dollars portou,
mul tho grade is constantly decreasing. Tho Ohollar
Potopi alono is estimated by some to contain a half
million tons of ore below this grade. Tho cost of
milling and mining will avorago irom llftocn to eight-
een doll.as per ton. For working this ore tho tunnel
cannot by any po^ibilily bo of iho least advantage.
It has already been discovered, drained, ventilated,
and has railroad facilities for transportation. Yet
under this law us it now stands Sutro can complete
his tunnel to the lodo and compel the minor to pay
tho two dollars per ton upon all tho oro which may
be subsequently extracted. To pers uado an invest-
ment in uia stock, then, it is not necessary thai he
should convince any one of tho utility of tho tunnel,
but only that ho should point out the amount of ore
already developed, and tho amount likely to bo de-
veloped, not by him or his work, but by tho mining
companies, and eomparo this amount with tho esti-
mn.ted cost, of carrying tho tunnel to the place whoro
tho tribute is to bo laid. If tho comparison U fa\or-
able tho speculation maybe lucrative; tho tunnel
can bo run, and its cost will be a direct tax without
any equivalent upon tho owners of tiio mines.
To permit this is not only unjust to the xninors, but
injurious to tho country at large. Tho Coinstoek
lodo has produced $100,000,000, which has boon to
ilie Government, in tho struggle through which it
has pushed, oi iueakmlabloadviuitage* With a heavy
public debt its continued production is equally a need
for the future. But while tiio nation has boon ben-
efited tho business has not proved profitable to those
engaged in it. Tho expense has always nearly ab-
sorbed the pioceeds, and it now exceeds them. In
1807 tho mines produced $16.000,QQOat nn expenso of
S15,5U0,UKJ. in 1¥03 and in 1809 the expenses were m
excess of the amount realized. Btill they have per-
severed. Hope of suddeu wealth in tho individual
has outweighed the effect of a general balance against
the payers of assessments. It is not wise to discour-
age an important interest thus circumstanced by
unjust legislation. If the cost of an expensive tun-
nel, which they do not want, is imposed upon them,
and thefailiirotoeonstruot'whichinducedthcso largo
outlays, which render it unnecessary, its direct tend- ;
©ney-wiilbeto discourage the continuance of their I
operations. The two dollars per ton with which j
they are now threatened approximates, as shown 1
above, very nearly to the present profit over milling
and mining. Should the tunnel be completed under
the present law the speculators will be disappointed.
They cannot force the working of the mines, and the
minors will not work them for the profit of tho tun-
nel speculators. The immense quantities of low-
grade ore will romain in tho mines, and tho owners
will lose their small profits, and the nation tho largo
gross production of the precious metals which it so
much needs.
In conclusion, our reasons for dissenting from tho
majority report, and recommending the passago of
this bill, may be summed up as follows:
1. Tho original section is, in tho rospect in which
it is sought to be modified, unjust m imposing an
involuntary tribute upon the property of the mining
companies for tho benelit of a private individual.
2. The section assumed the form by which this
effect was produced by a mistake in phraseology,
which this bill corrects.
3. All tho parties interested, both at the time of
the passage of tho section and for years afterward,
as shown by their conduct and declarations, under-
stood tho law to havo tho exact effect which will bo
given to it by tho passage of tho present bill.
4. Nothing has since been done by Sutro which
would make the conforming of tho bill to the original
intention of tho parties inequitable toward him;
while the condition of tho mines and the,subsequent
operations of tho mining companies entitlo them to
demand this relief.
f>. The practical result of rejecting this bill will, or
may bo, to irnposo an onerous tax on the owners of
the mines, without thoir consent, and without any
corresponding benefit.
Kespcotiully submitted:
A. A. SA11UUNT.
Mr, FEIlfllSS. Mr. Speaker, thoro soems
to be a good, deal of misunderstanding in
regard to the facts bearing upon the question
before the House. I luivo listened with pleas-
ure, in one kcuso, to tho eloquent gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Ki'reri ;] but I was much
surprised at his perversion of the facts.
t at first thought that 1 would answer the
equitable argument which the gentleman has
preHoutod to tho House. But upon reflection
I think it would be bettor at this stride of tho
discussion, as the debate must go over to the
morning hour to-morrow, simply to state the
facts in regard to the passage of this law, the
third section ol -which it is sought lo have re-
pealed, referring to tho agreement which has
been mentioned, and a No to a law of the Ter-
ritory of Nevada passed about the same time.
The gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch]
talked about the right which the owners of
the,so mines have acquired. Up to the passage
of the Sutro tunnel act, as it is called, the third,
section of which gives a royalty to the con-
structors of the tunnel in ease they drain the
mines—up to that time, there was no law upon
tho statute-book which gave any man in this
country a right to one single foot of mining
land, with tho exception of a small quantity
of lands in California, tho right to which was
acquired under tho Mexican titlo, so called. In
all other cases every occupier of every foot of
the mineral lands was merely a squatter. All
the titlo ho had was a mere license, a mere
privilege granted by tho Government. What
w s the result of this? The miners among
themselves, for the purpotsoof facilitating their
own business, made their own codes, rules, and
regulations. And in the abscncc of any legis-
lation it, became necessary in adjudicating on
dillieultiea between them for the courts to pass
upon thosorules and rcgulat ions, which became
in the process of time, and woro so regarded
by the courts of California and other mining
States and Territories, as law for tho time
being. But, sir, so far as the title to all these
lands is affected there was no law, either of tho
General Government or of the States or Terri-
tories, by which any person could acquire a
title to a foot of thebo mining lands.
Well, sir, that was the condition of things
when this Sutro tunnel bill was passed. It was
passed on the 25th of July, 18G0, and the
day following we passed the first law that was
passed by Congress giving anybody a right to
acquire title to a foot of this land; so that at
the time that the Sutro tunnel law was passed,
which was one day previous to the passage of the
general mining law, as it ia called. Congress
held every foot of mining land, and couldimpose
jusfesuch conditions as itsaw proper'upon parties
acquiring title to those mines. The Govern-
ment owned the mines, and these parties were
mere squatters and were occupying the lands
by theallowanceof the Government. Mr. Sutro
and his associates—and it is well to "recur to
the names of the trustees of the Sutro Tunnel
Company, for some of them arefamiliarto mem-
bers, and the first is William A. Stewart—were
the parties namedintheagreementreferred toj
but when the act was passed Mr. Sutro was
named as tho only grantee of this enormous
privilege which the gentleman from Nevada
[Mr. Fitch] has alluded to.
Now, sir, of the importance of this tunnel I
have not time now to speak. It wiR be the
subject of discussion before this bill is disposed
of; but Twill say that it is of a magnitude which
gives it a national importance. The history
of mining in all countries, not only in Europe,
among the enlightened nations there, where
mining has been carried to its utmost perfec-
tion, but in Mexico and everywhere else, has
demonstrated this important fact? that mining
at a great depth cannot be successfully and
profitably carried on without the construction
of deep adits or tunnels for draining and vent-
ilating purposes. That is the history of mining
the world over; and the importance and abso-
lute necessity, in order to save these mines
upon the Comstock lode from abandonment,
of the construction of this tunnel has been
demonstrated not only by the history of mining
in other countries, but by the facts made
apparent in regard to this very mining region.
In this act, which was passed, no allusion
whatever was made to the contracts which the
gentleman has referred to and which have been
drawn in here as a sort of side issue, except
in the third section, which simply provides,
instead of saying that the miners whose mines
are drained by this tunnel shall pay a royalty
oi two dollars a ton for every ton of ore
taken outjof their mines, that they shall pay
tho price agreed upon by the majority of the
parties representing the mines upon this lode
in the agreements which they have made with
Mr, Sutro. It is simply another way of saying
that they shall pay two dollars a ton royalty for
every ton of ore taken out of the mines drained.
The gentleman from Nevada has talked about
its being an oppression to the owners of these
mines; be tells us that these mines below a
certain^ depth are not troubled with water.
Well, sir, I apprehend that the facts are en-
tirely different, and that in California and
Nevada, as in other sections of the country,
water is to be found below the surface of the
earth, and until they can find some other power
better than gravitation to move heavy bodies
they will never find a good substitute for tun-
nels to drain the mines. The man who dis*
covers an improvement upon gravitation in
drawing the water off will he the same fellow
who expects to lift, himself by tugging at his
boot-straps. These mines, notwithstanding
the assertion of the gentleman from Nevada,
i am credibly informed by gentlemen who have
been in them, are now many of them not filled
with water, but partially filled with water, for
tae removal of which powerful engines are
kept constantly in operation, and thus with the
utmost difficulty the water is kept out of the
mines, so that they can be successfully worked.
iSow, if this were simply a question of equity,
to be determined upon the construction of the
contracts, and if we were acting as a court to
determine whether time is the essence of the
contracts alluded to, it is idle to suppose for a
single moment that the owners of these mines
would not receive not only full value from the
draining of the mines, but double and treble
what they would pay for it. If these mines
were drained by this -tunnel, more than fifty
engines that are now kept in operation for the
purpose of pumping the water out, at an expense
or twelve oollars a cord forwood for fuel, would
be useless. But there is something1 "more m
this. If it were an original proposition to
give Mr. Sutro the benefit of this royalty for
the construction of this tunnel, notwithstand-
