1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. 03? Reps.
fault is ours more than it is the fault of the
monopolists.
Mr. ELA. Let me ask the gentleman
whether they eat salt fish in the West?
Mr. MORGAN. I can eat as much cod as
the gentleman or any other New Englander.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELA. Is it a monopoly of New Eng-
land, when we catch the fish and give the
people out "West an opportunity of getting them
in any quantity they may desire ?
Mr. MORGAN. We are not speaking of
the quantity we eat in the West. This bounty
is paid on no sueh pretense. It was given
originally in lieu of a drawback on the amount
of fish exported.
Mr..Chairman, I referred just now to the
fact of the amount of fishing bounties paid our
enterprising friends of New England. Through
the courtesy of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. George S. Boutwell, I obtained a table
from him showing, among other things, the
amount of bounties paid to the fishermen of
certain New England States during a period
of ten years, from 1856 to 1865, and the fol-
lowing are the bounties paid to the cod-fish-
ers of Maine, Massachusetts, and New Hamp-
shire, during a period of ten years, compiled
from that official table:
185 6  8417,442
185 7  351,674
185 8  359,436
185 9  452,521
186 0  409,915
186 1  471,499
186 2  448,903
186 3  358,316
186 i  252,950
1865  189,578
Total $3,712,234
It appears that during that brief space of
time bounties to the amount of $3,712,234 have
been paid to this eastern monopoly. Tho
whole of that amount has gone to the fishing
interests of three States, Maine, Massachu-
setts, and New Hampshire. The amount that
went to New Hampshire was very small,
$37,307, leaving an amount of tribute paid by
the other States to Massachusetts and Maine
of $3,674,924. We thought a long time ago
that our country was strong enough and ad-
vanced enough to protect itself without paying
tribute to any person at home or abroad. In
the early history of our Government we did
pay under the Administration of the elder
Adams $2,000,000 of tribute money to the
bashaws of the Barbary States, for the right to
navigate the waters of the Mediterranean; and
this vestige of barbarism, this tribute not less
shameful, is fastened on the West for the ben-
efit of the East; this tribute forced from the
West to be poured into the pockets of the East
still continues to our discredit—I will not say
to theirs.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, I will not be misun-
derstood, because had I in my heart a feeling
of bitterness against Now England I would
pour it out.. I have none. What I do is to
strike for the rights of my own people. What I
do is to resist the aggression on and the robbery
of my own people. I am about to refer to a
fact, and it is an unpleasant one, illustrating
still further what I have already said, and I do
it for the purpose of calling it to the attention
of the committee and the country. It is not
only in fishing bounties, it is not only in a high
protective tariff, but it is in everything that
Massachusetts gathers the profits which ought
to reward the industry of the West. With a
modesty peculiarly her own she draws into her
own lap the fruits of the industry, the intelli-
gence, the frugality, and energy of the western
people. This we all know; but I think you will
be astonished when I tell you that during tho
war against the-great insurrection, that while
Massachusetts furnished to our armies 197
regiments less than Nov/ York, 180 Jess than
Pennsylvania, and 162 less than Ohio, she
charged against our country, and collected from
the Federal Treasury, on the pretext of war
expenditures, a greater sum than either one of
those great States. But to the proof. Here
it is:
hi a
2 o
a a
a kj
Regiments.
Battalions.
Independent
companies.
Rogiments.
Battalions.
Independent
companies.
Regiments.
Battalions.
Independent
companies.
m? 5
M 8
© S
a, s
SAMUEL BRECK,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, April 8,1869.
Recapitulation.
Regiments and Independent
battalions. companies.
Massachusetts  78 57
New York 275 38
Pennsylvania 258 04
Ohio 240 38
But to be more specific. While Massachu-
setts furnished 197 less than New York, on
the plea of war expenditures, she has drawn
from the Treasury $1,187,671 more than New
York. While Massachusetts furnished 180 reg-
iments less than Pennsylvania, on the plea of
war expenditures, she has drawn from the
Treasury $1,392,984 more than Pennsylvania.
While Massachusetts furnished 162 regiments
less than Ohio, on the plea of war expenditures,
she has drawn from the Treasury $911,243
more than Ohio. I do not speak without au-
thority. I hold in my hand a table made out
by direction of the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury on the 21st-day of December, 1868, showing
the amounts claimed and the amounts drawn
from the Treasury to cover war expenditures
by the States of Massachusetts, New York,
Pennsylvania, and Ohio. It is as follows:
Statement of the amounts claimed by the States of Mas-
sachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio for
war expenditures incurred by them and amounts
allowed'on settlement of the same.
Amount Amount
States. claimed. allowed.
Massachusetts $3,535,264 79 $3,487,863 51
Neiv York  3,232,32o 32 2,300,192 .->0
Pennsylvania  2,118,419 33 2,094,8/9 78
Ohio..f.  2,778,376 54 2,576,620 60
At length I trust that the monopolists of Mas-
sachusetts have reached the climax of their
woes, for with hollow cheeks and sunken eyes,
and mouths wide open, they are again break-
ing for the Treasury, and while the pangs of
Treasury hunger are praying on them in pite-
ous tones they ask Congress for a few crumbs
more-—for about an additional million on a
principal never owed but most unjustly paid,
i They ask interest on the money claimed to
have been expended during the war of 1812 :
.but whether they state for which side the ex-
penditures were made I am not prepared to
speak. This coolness is refreshing when it is
remembered that for more than forty years
the claim of Massachusetts for war expendi-
tures was regarded as a broad joke, and was
only paid, and paid in full, to get rid of her
importunities. Among the other merits of our
friends from Massachusetts they never cease,
in the most delicate manner in the world, it is
true, to remind us of the West on all occasions
not only of their great intelligence, which we
freely concede, not only of their enterprise,
which we admire, but they tell us of their enor-
mous wealth. And how comes it, sir, that the
people of Massachusetts, occupying one of the
most barren spots within the populated region
of the United States, how comes it that this peo-
ple have more wealth, more individual wealth,
than the people of any other State within the
Union ? Is it any wonder that this should be
the case? Whence comes their wealth? Are
they more industrious than we of the West?
I was going to ask, but it might appear to be
a question not in good taste, I was going to
ask, have they more intelligence than we of
the West? Have they more industry than we
of the West? Have they a more productive soil
than we? No, sir, they have not. They are
not more industrious, but they are immensely
more wealthy in proportion to their popula-
tion. And why is it so? Because, sir, by
their ingenuity, by their tact, by their sleep-
less shrewdness, they have maitily controlled
the legislation of this country, and they have
legislated the money from tho pockets of the
people of the West into their own', because,
sir, the people of the central, western, and
southern States pay tribute to New England.
It is not what the New England manufacturer
produces, but it is what the law takes from the
people of the West and South and gives him,
without consideration; it is that which gives
him his enormous wealth.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow mo to interrupt him with a ques-
tion?
Mr. MORGAN. My colleague can hardly
make any request which, if in my power, it
would not give me pleasure to grant to him.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have listened
with a great deal of interest to the speech of
my colleague, and it strikes me there is a good
deal of similarity between what he has been
saying here and some points in the Ohio Dem-
ocratic platform of last fall. I do not know
but my colleague drew that platform, h
denounced t.ho protective tariff as a devico
got up by New England to enrich that section
of the country at the expense of the West, and
specified the peculiar hardships of that tariff
as consisting in its enormous duties on tea,
coffee, sugar, and salt. I was at that time
curious to know in what part of New England
these articles are produced for the consump-
tion of the West; and perhaps my colleague
will now enlighten me upon that point. I do
not know whether my colleague is perfectly
familiar with the origin of that platform or
whether ho exactly defends it. I should be
glad to receive an explanation from him.
Mr. MORGAN. My colleague's tact is only
excelled by his imagination, but he cannot
direct me from my argument. I would not pre-
sume to enlighten a gentleman as learned and
able as my colleague. But, nevertheless, if he
will kindly lend me his ear for a moment, I may
perhaps suggest a thought or two that may do
him no harm.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow mo
to make a remark?
Mr. MORGAN. One at a time, if you please,
gentlemen. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will allow mo a moment to reply to my
colleague from Ohio it will afterward afford
me groat pleasure to give him the opportunity
, he asks.
