4030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
dred and forty-three who have an income ex-
ceeding $1,000, and that only about- half that
number have an income not above $1,400?
These figures show that in the collection of
this tax there is connivance on the part of the
Government officers with those who make
insufficient returns, and that we are encour-
aging by our legislation a system fruitful in fraud
and perjury. Why, certainly, if a tax of five
per cent, .were collected on all the real gains
of the country of evesy individual whose gains
exceed $1,000 per annum, the proceeds would
in a few years be sufficient to pay off the
national debt.
This tax is not honestly collected. My own
State of California, with a population of six
hundred and fifty thousand, pays more income
tax than the six States of Indiana, Iowa, Min-
nesota, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Nebraska,
with a population of about four millions. My
State pays $1,250,000 income tax, while Iowa,
which has at least double its population, pays
but $300,000. It would seem that whole dis-
tricts systematically evade this tax. It is not
that the people of my State are more wealthy
and prosperous than the States to which I have
referred. Our mining counties especially are
poor, and overwhelmed with debt and local
taxation. It is that the tax is stringently col-
lected there, and if it was collected as closely
pro rata elsewhere as it is there it would yield
$70,000,000 instead of $25,000,000 per year.
Yetdisbonest men in my own State often evade
it. The tax is as a rule collected against the
honest man, not the wealthy man. The knave
escapes it; and the few who are returned as
paving it is not cvidencc of the depression of
business, or of the fewness of those who have
taxable incomes, but unfortunately of the few-
ness of those who have the uprightness to hon-
estly pay an avoidable tax.
The fact that of those who pay the tax one
hundred and seven thousand, or nearly one
half, have but an income of $1,400, or less,
shows that it is oppressive to the poor man. It
is not in any except a very limited sense a rich
man's tax. But 1 have no time to elaborate
that idea. The figures show that of the whole
number who pay the tax hardly nine thousand
four hundred and sixty-four can be called rich
men. Hundreds of thousands of rich men must
escape it. I shall vote to abolish this tax utterly,
to wipe it off the statute-book. If that motion
does not prevail I will vote for every increase of
exemptions and every reduction of percentage.
But the objection to this tax is not merely
its amount, though that is oppressive. England
has a debt of $1,000,000,000, or $1,600,000,000
greater than ours, and yet its income tax is only
one and one third per cent., against five per
cent, proposed by this bill; and its exemption
is about eight hundred and seventy-five dollars
in our currency, where the cost of living is one
half that here. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schenok] says we must not take Parliament
lor a pattern in legislation, because the mem-
hers of that body have an average income of
<£5,000. 1 do not believe that they have so
much; but if they have Ihey represent the mid-
dle classes and business interests of England,
on which every form of taxation falls with
peculiar force.
But I say the objection is not principally to
the amountot the tax; it is to its distinctive
inquisitorial character. Every man in the
u nited States is compelled once a year to open
his books and his heart to the inquisitive and
often insolent investigation of a deputy revenue
assessor. He may be seeking to and succeed-
ing m tiding over bankruptcy even, but the
remorseless probe reaches alike his most secret
affairs and his pride. For no other tax is a
iiian so put on the rack. Everything else is
indirect., and does not involve an irksome
exposure of business secrets, or, if direct, it is
a fixed sum bearing on all alike. Gentlemen
have said here that this tax is popular with
their constituents. I tell them that my people
abhor it. Their spirit rebels against its insep-
arable features. They submitted to it as a war
tax, as a patriotic duty. Now they demand its
repeal. There is no division of opinion there.
The unpopularity of this tax is universal,
amounting to loathing and hate. It is hated
because of the prying means by which it is
enforced, and also because those who honestly
pay it know that others, their neighbors, as
well as hundreds of thousands of people else-
where, who should also pay it, evade it by fraud.
The figures that I have given show that this
income tax is a failure as a revenue measure.
It undertakes to collect five per cent, on all the
gains and profits of every citizen over $1,000.
it is notorious that it fails to do that, while it
demoralizes our people and makes them famil-
iar with the idea of defrauding the revenue, with
the morals of the smuggler. Better forego the
$25,000,000 than purchase it at the price of
national demoralization.
And why not forego it? What do we want
of $102,000,000 surplus per year,Jjy the cau-
tious Treasury estimate, or the $120,000,000
surplus, according to the probable fact? Do we
want to pay the debt off in a dozen years?
Gentlemen say " No." What then ? They say,
" We must preserve the national credit; we
must show capitalists abroad that we are able
to pay the debt." Do not gentlemen know
that our credit is better sustained by drawing
a steady^ revenue that shall pay our interest
and furnish a small sinking fund from a con-
tented people^ than by exacting heavy taxes
from a complaining one ? Foreign or any cap-
italists will look with more distrust oil our
intention than at our ability to pay. They do
not doubt our ability. They have doubted our
purposes. By keeping this great strain on the
people, by taking merely a few straws from the
public back when you should materially lighten
the load, you make the people discontented,
and excite those very demonstrations that in-
evitably weaken public credit. If you ever
fund your debt it will not be because you are
levying extravagant taxes, but because you
persuade its holders that the people are con-
tent with the taxes imposed.
The Treasury statement for this month
shows that we have paid off $14,000,000 of the
public debt during the month ; that is at the
rate of $168,000,000 per year. All that is
very gratifying in one point of view, but it is
frightful in another. It i  frightful as showing
the amount that we are drawing from the
people's pockets. We ought not to keep up
this strain; we must not.
Of the various propositions to modify the
income tax law, while leaving it on the statute-
book, I think that of my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Judi>] is the best. It relieves entirely
the business of the country while drawing an
income from invested, interest-paying capital.
With larger exemption, where this income is
the only resource of those possessing, it, it is
a^great improvement on the committee's bill.
But the only effectual way to dispose of the whole
matter is to strike out these sections entirely,
and relieve the people of the $19,000,000 taxes
that they involve.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, my distin-
guished colleague from the Orleans district
contended upon yesterday, with a vigor and
feeling- that did honor alike to his judgment
and his sense of right, that Congress was
estopped by the provisions of the aet of 1864
from reenacting any income tax. In this view
I entirely agree with him. The act then passed
declared m terms that the tax should not con-
tinue beyond 1870; and the amendment I pro-
pose is in accordance with this pledge. The
House was reminded by the eminent chairman
ot the Committee of Ways and Means that
estoppels are odious and not to be favored.
But, sir, this is true only of technical estoppels •
true only when it is sought by technical objec-
tions to estop and defeat subsisting rights.'
Estoppels in pais, arising from the equity and
justice of the case, are not only not odious,
but are, as upon every principle of right they
ought to be, alike received and favored by
every tribunal in which justice is regarded.
It is indeed true, sir, that one Congress has
no legal power to limit the legislation of a suc-
ceeding Congress. But the question is not a
question of naked power. Congress has indeed
the power to commit any wrong within the
scopc of its authority. But it has no such right.
And when one Congress has given pledges to
the people that certain legislation should not
be continued, and the people have relied ou
those pledges, and submitted to the Govern-
ment on the faith of these pledges, a succeed-
ing Congress is as much bound to carry out
these pledges -as if directly made by it. But
it is claimed that this pledge should not be
redeemed because the continuance of this in-
come tax is for the benefit of the country.
Sir, I utterly deny that this income tax is for
the benefit of the country. No tax so unequal,
so unjust, so oppressive, so iniquitous, so hated
and demoralizing as this tax is, can be for the
good of the people; not even if it did raise the
most of the revenue.
But, sir, after all that has been said, upon
what grounds has this law been or can it be
supported ? Why, sir, only upon the grounds
that it is a direct tax upon the returns of cap-
ital, and that it falls upon the rich and is
escaped by the poor. But that it is a just tax
upon the returns of capital is, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts declared, erroneous.
It is a tax upon energy rather than upon cap-
ital. ' And, pray, by what principle of sound
legislation should skill and energy and dili-
gence be taxed to the exclusion of sloth and
idleness and dissipation? Which of two me-
chanics is the better citizen, the one who labors
diligently, lives steadily, and by his own energy
swells his earnings above the taxable amount
of $1,500, or he who, satisfied with a bare sub-
sistence, spends half his time in idling and
never swells his earnings to the taxable limit?
And yet by this bill the man of diligence and
thrift is to be taxed for these qualities while
the idler escapes.
Nay, sir, so far as it affects earnings this tax
is a direct inducement to every man to stop
his gains short of the taxable limit. It is true
the bill does indeed tax capital, and tax it
more heavily in the hands of the rich than the
poor. If that were within the constitutional
power of Congress, and if the tax were so
levied as properly to effect that result, I should
not object; but this tax, in addition to being
unequal and unjust, and discriminating against
thrift and energy, is above all demoralizing.
Instead of a single tax upon interest, moneys,
dividends, coupons, and other gains, including
the interest on Government bonds, which
might be collected without inspection, inquisi-
tion, or return, we have this annoying, compli-
cated, odious system of a return on oath; so
complicated that a conscientious and careful
man cannot make it without a degree of labor
and consideration and distress that is in itself
a burden, and so arranged that it falls hardest
upon men just as they are honest and honor-
able^ and careful, and is escaped just in pro-
portion as they are careless and prevaricating
and perjured ; a system that operates as a tax
on the consciences of those that have incomes
rather than as a tax on incomes themselves.
1his is the necessary, the admitted result of
this law. And yet the gentleman from Mich-
!gan [Mr. Bi.aiuJ asks us whether we will
excuse the rich from paying taxes altogether
because they will commit perjury to escape
taxation.
No, Mr. Speaker; we should not permit any
man to escape the just burdens of taxation.
surely we ought to so frame our laws aa
not to invite to falsification and fraud. It was
years ago declared that offenses must needs
come; but woe to him by whom they come.
But offenses come, sir, not merely by him who
breaks the law, but hy those who invite, who
tempt, and who facilitate him to break it.
