1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the gentleman think
that a member who receives $1,700 mileage is
worth more than he is?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not suppose he is merely
because he receives more money for mileage.
But he is paid so much per mile for the dis-
tance he travels, the same that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] and I are paid.
If he has the misfortune to live so far away
from the magnificence thatsurrounds this Capi-
tol, this ornament to the country, that is his
misfortune.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think I have time
to yield much.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has one
minute of his time remaining.
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to the Delegate
from Washington Territory [Mr. Garfielde]
for a statement.
Mr. GARFIELDE,of Washington Territory.
Mr. Chairman, as reference has frequently been
made in the course of this debate to a member
on this floor receiving $1,700 mileage, I beg to
say a word on that point. Those who come
here having in their pockets free passes over
the railroads cad come at a very small expense;
I paid my own expenses from my home to this
place; and, while I received $1,700 as this
year's mileage itcostme $2,200 to come here.
I am $500 out of pocket as one of the misfor-
tunes of living torty-five hundred miles from
the capital of the nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will not the gentleman
from Wisconsin ask the Delegate from Wash-
ington Territory by whatroute he earne to Wash-
ington at a cost of $2,200 ?
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I should not have desired to
say a word on this subject but for the inquiry
put by the .gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis,] to which inquiry, as I at first sup-
posed, he desired an answer. But having put
to the House the-question, " Is there any gen-
tleman upon this floor who can give a reason
for this?" he tells the House that he does not
desire any answer. Well, sir, I do not won-
der at that. I am not surprised that the gen-
tlemau should put an inquiry to which he does
not wish an answer. The true answer might
defeat his purpose—might spoil his speech.
He had rather assume it unanswerable. He
has, however, asked for a reason, and I pro-
pose to give one whether he desires to have it
or not.
The question is, why one member should
receive $1,700 or more, and another only
twenty-seven dollars or thereabouts, as mile-
age ? It seems to me the answer is obvious.
Members who come here from a distance, for
instance, to attend this session have to make
their arrangements to leave their homes in
November and remain here during the entire
session of Congress. And this, sir, without
being able to go home for one or two or three
weeks at a time, whenever their private busi-
ness may require attentidn, as the gentleman
from New York has been able to do, to my
knowledge, since this session of Congress be-
gan. _ That is one reason. We have to spend
in this city the recesses or vacations occurring
from- time to time during the session. It is
almost useless for members coming even from
the State of Wisconsin to go home to spend
any of these vacations. The time spent in
going and coming in general occupies the
most of the recess, and leaves a very little time
either for business or pleasure at home. But
the gentleman from New York can come here,
remain a week, go home, and do aweek's busi-
ness, earn a large fee, and then return. I sup-
pose, too, he travels upon a free railroad pass,
as is suggested by a gentleman near me ; for
I understand that the gentlemen who comefrom
New York, New Jersey, and adjacent States
all have free passes over the railroads.
Mr. WOOD. I deny that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Perhaps I ought to have
made an exception, and I do to my friend on
my right, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. POTTER. I join in the denial.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, then, I except my
other friend from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I beg leave to say that I never
in my life rode free on a railroad.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not hear the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.] I could
not understand him. As to gentlemen whose
homes are at this convenient distance from the
capital, their seats in this House are —many of
them at all events—vacant nearly one half the
time. It was as much for the purpose of refer-
ring to this matter as for any other object that
I sought the floor at this time. I say that the
gentlemen living adjacent to this capital are
very frequently not here attending to their con-
gressional duties. I have thought many times
there ought to be a distinction made between
members here in regard to pay; that those who
served most faithfully should receive most
pay. I have seen the time when if all the mem-
bers had been in attendance on the Democratic
side of the Honse there would have been just
about enough to call the yeas and nays. I have
seen them lost because we could not muster force
to call them. I have seen important records
lost because of absentees. And, sir, I have
felt it sorely when day after day I have rallied
our friends and been unable to get the yeas and
nays on important propositions because so
many members were at home atcendiug to their
private business—earning, I suppose, large fees
in the courts, as the gentleman from New York
hasdone during this session. What is the travel
fee compared with the moneys these gentlemen
are enabled to earn by being near their homes,
and being able to attend to and keep up the
business in which they are respectively engaged?
Men near this capital are able to come to Con-
gress with very little interruption of their legit-
imate business and professions; but those from
a distance in general give up, have to give up,
all their private avocations. Yet we are told
that twenty cents a mile is a large rate of com-
pensation, an unjust discrimination for travel-
ing here in November and remaining during the
entire session of Congress.
The gentleman from New York has asked
for a reason for this allowance of mileage. The
gentleman from Washington Territory has given
him a sufficient reason. I say, Mr. Chairman,
that the speeches which have been made by a
number of gentlemen on this subject are all
"buncombe," and the smallest kind of "bun-
combe" at that. In general those who talk
the loudest in favor of economy and referm
are the most anxious for large pay; but they
expect that gentlemen who are honest and will-
ing to face their constituency and the country
upon these questions will force the present pay
upon them, and they will take it because the
law gives it to them! There is not a gentle-
man here who is not at liberty to contribute to
the Treasury of our overtaxed and oppressed
country just so much of his mileage and salary
as he may be able to spare to aid the Govern-
ment in its distress. I think the Government
will readily receive any such contributions. I
guaranty that such contributions to the Treas-
ury will gladly be accepted. I will guaranty
that no one will attempt to force such contribu-
tions back into the pockets of members. Even
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,]
if he is anxious npon this subject, can give to
the "conscience fund" any part of his pay
which he may consider excessive. He can thus
add to that immense fund which is growing up
in relief of the consciences of those who have
defrauded their country. He can make his
name illustrious as a man who is unwilling to
receive more than he considers his services
are worth.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I beg leave to oppose the remarks
if not the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge. ] I did not refer
to what he says in reference to mileage. 1 do
not propose to discuss that. He objects to
remarks which I made, and which attracted
the attention of my colleague from New York
[Mr. Davis.] My language has reference " to
candle-ends and cheese-parings," and I do not
wonder it attracted his attention, as the econ-
omy proposed has that characteristic.
But I say to this House that when I rose I
had no purpose, until the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] thrust his physi-
ognomy into our faces on this side of the
! House—as he does so frequently—I had no
I desire to discuss anything except this: that
the House of Representatives were debating
small matters about economy, while if they had
looked to matters connected with the Army and
the Navy, and other Departments, they would
have found other matters, involving millions,
for discussion. I offered a resolution yesterday
which was treated with disrespect and indiffer-
ence. I wanted to know from the Navy De-
partment what are the deficiencies iti reference
to the Navy. I wanted to know it forthe benefit
of t he discussion here and for the benefit of the
Committee on Appropriatious, who are seek-
ing knowledge on this subject. There was no
exhibit made that I could find. Mr. Secretary
j; Robeson makes no exhibit of expenses for this
', fiscal year, no statemeut of balances, and no
, statement of available resources. He tells us
'I that some twenty-eight million dollars have
I! been expended up to the 1st of December.
|j But for what period ? Did that cover one fiscal
!j year or two ? What did it cover ?
; All these matters were pertinent.to the ques-
;j tion of economy on a large scale. And when
I made those remarks the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] came over here,
as he does frequently, and disposed of it all by
a little jocose remark drawn from the negro
minstrelsy: "Shoo, fly; don't bodder me."
[ Laughter. ] In answer to what the gentleman
has said I will siay that it is the first time in
my history—very small and short though it be—
I was ever alluded to as an animal. I was
never considered a bete noir or any other sort
of beast. I am not blessed by Providence
with a pachydermatous hide like a rhinoceros,
and therefore flies may trouble me. I am a
human being. The gentleman is not blessed
with that sort of cuticle, and it is not possible
for him to be "bothered " the least in the world
by any insect. Everything will glance from
his rhinocerial hide. He has no sensibility to
his position before the country. He does not
know how the people regard him. When his
own Republican colleagues here plainly inti-
mate to him that he be a thief or robber he does
not take it up, and it is left to me to defend
him; but because I do it in all good-nature
he makes his covert negro-minstrel insinua-
tions against me when he ought to attack his
colleagues. He ought to make them call
for a committee of investigation on his past
alleged dereliction and his past alleged rob-
beries. We never did it We do not make
such charges. Why does he stand here a con-
demned man in the face of Congress? Why
does he stand proscribed politically and socially?
Why does he reserve all his fire, most of his
fire, as he did in the war, for his own friends
in the Army, and then when .attacked wlrp
does he retreat like -a " bomb-proof soldier,
aud hide himself, as he did the other day in
another debate, after attacking this side?
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's tima
has expired. ..
Mr. COX. Why did not the gentleman call
his colleague to order when bis colleague was
full of irrelevant talk ?
