1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Solman.
Ho. of Reps.
burden falls directly on him according to the
necessities of bis household in the use of those
articles which enter into the consumption inci-
dent to human life. Take for instance, sir, the
articles of tea, coffee, sugar, and salt. The
citizen living on an average farm in any of the
States and Territories of the Union, or the
mechanic or laboring man in any of your towns
or cities supporting his wife and his children,
if he lives by his industry in moderate comfort,
will pay as large a proportion of the tax you
levy on the commodities I have named as many
a citizen who is the possessor of millions of
wealth and lives in one of the palatial resi-
dences of your commercial cities.
Take the article of iron, 1 am very certain,
indeed, sir, that the laboring men ol'the coun-
try pay vastly more of the revenue imposed on
it than men of wealth. The farmer and citizen
connected with other forms of industry pay
the duty on iron, a material which in innumer-
able forms is subject to enormous taxation, to
the almost entire exemption of men of vested
capital. Even under a tariff framed for rev-
enue only the tax falls largely and mainly on
men engaged in indastrial pursuits, on men of
labor; but under a tariff for protection the
pursuits of labor pay in addition a still larger
tax to the favored classes who obtain the ben-
efits of protection. But unequal in its burdens
as even a just tariff must be, it cannot be ques-
tioned that circumstanced as we are a large
revenue must be raised by that mode of taxa-
tion, and this revenue will be raised by enhan-
cing the price in our market of the commodities
on which the tariff is imposed, for political
science demonstrates beyond question that in
the absence of a general and universal compe-
tition tiie tax imposed by the tariff in any coun-
try is paid by the consumer. The most rea-
sonable of our financiers suggest §120,000,000
as the amount to be raised by the tariff. Ar-
range this tariff as you will it protects the
interests of capital invested in manufactures
clamoring for protection at least 50 per cent,
on investments. The manufacturing interests
of Pennsylvania and New England, protected
in the last ten years beyond all precedent—four
successive advances in the tariff in ten years—
with profits unexampled and almost exclu-
sively derived from the common necessaries
of life, yet they are still here with larger lobbies
than ever, clamoring for more; and this, too,
with all the pursuits ofindu.-.try depressed.
And what right, sir, have these gentlemen to
protection ? Why should they, sir, be protected
at the expense of their fellow-citizens? Is it
not enough that the people must be taxed to
support their Government,? Must they be taxed
still more heavily to aggrandize the fortunes of
privileged classes? There is no tariff in the
civilized world so heavy a3 ours, framed so
exclusively in the interest of capital, and yet
the cry is for more protection. The manufac-
tures of iron, wool, and cotton, prime neces-
sities, seem to be singled out for protection,
because in this form wealth can and labor can-
not escape the burden.
This idea of protection ia an offspring of the
feudal age, when wealth and nobility and privi-
leged classes were the State, and labor only
considered in its capacity to bear burdens. Even
national animosities were proved to render the
servitude of labor more complete. Bancroft
depicts the protective policy of France of the
Middle Ages:
_"'Ihe (sreilt employment of Fiance was thetillage
of land, than ivhicli nomethod of gran is more grate-
rui in iiseif, or more worthy of freemen, or more
happy ni rendei iug service to tho whole human race.
Xo occupation is nearer heaven. But authority had
invaded chosen domain of laijoi, as if protection
of manufactures needs restrictions on the exchange
of the products of tLie earth. Indirect taxes to at
least 10,VbO, bringing with them eustoia-houses be-
tween m evinces and custom-houses en the frontier,
and 10(1,000 tax-sathom-e, left little to tho laboring
man except eyes to weep with." * * * *
"Statesmen had fondly hoped to promote national
industry and wealth by a system of prohibitions and
restrictions, and had only sueeoeded in deceiving
nations into mutual antipathies which did bat rep-
resent the hatred and envy of avarice. Turcot would
solve the Question of trade abstractly from countries
as well as from provinces, and inako it free between
man and man, and between nation and nation; for
commerce isneither aeaptive to be ransomed nor an
infant to be held in leading-strings. Man m society
should be tho master of his person and his faculties,
with tho right to labor and enjoy or exchange the
fruits of his labor; so tlieresbould be no restrictions
on commeico and industry, internal or external.
Competition should supersede monopoly, and pri-
vate freedom displace the regulating supervision of
the State."
And now, sir, while remorseless avarice
would here in this new .Republic create mo-
nopolies and favored classes and impose servi-
tude oil labor, France, Germany, and England,
no longer of the middle age, control the com-
merce of the world. The German Zollverein,
with a revenue duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem
on imports, is the triumph of labor over the
domination of the State.
We have been told that the Government
should foster by protection manufacturing in-
terests in their infancy until able to cope with
foreign competition. The country has been
told the same thing for forty years. The manu-
facturing and mining districts of Pennsylvania
and New England have become opulent greatly
in excess of other parts of the country, but it
is, after all, the wealth of the few, for in these
very districts the extremes of wealth and pov-
erty find no parallel in other sections of the
country. No, sir; this cry for protection will
never cease, but grows stronger with the in-
creasing opulence of the favored class.
There are articles that should not be taxed
at all. Coal; why should this material be
specially taxed ? It is of almost universal use,
absolutely necessary for human comfort, and is
sold by the expenditure of only the labor of
digging it from the earth. This tax is on the
crude raw material; there is no pretense here
of protecting labor. See the argument, sir, by
winch all monopoly is sustained. I read from
the pamphlet laid on our desks, claiming pro-
tection for coal:
" New England manufacturer* have accumulated
princely fortunes by securing ahigh protective tariff
on almost everything aifect>ng their business; but
not content, they now selfishly demand foreign coal
free of duty, recardless of the interests and rights of
several large States and in violation of their own
professed principles, under which they claim protec-
tion iu other things. This is certainly not very con-
sistent or modest, especially in view of the alleged
fact that, many of these enterprising gentlemen are
personally large owners in Nova Seotia coal mines."
Why speciallyand heavily tax tea, sugar, and
coffee? There are somethings to be aimed at
besides money. There should be some regard in
legislation to the comforts of human life; and
to impose a tax upon almost the only luxury of
the laboring man, which renders his home a
little more cheerful, on tea, coffee, and sugar,
those gifts of nature, is to tax the very elements
of domestic happiness. And here the tax is
not on wealth, but in innumerable cases the
poor man pays more of this tax than the rich.
The Special Commissioner of the Eevenuein
his last report suggests that a duty of $3 a ton
shall be imposed upon pig iron, an article which
is. almost in its natural state. It seems to me
that if this subject were being discussed with-
out, reference to the idea of protection, and of
building np the fortunes of some men at the
expense of multitudes more, nothing more
than a moderate revenue from this article could
even be suggested. It is a minetal which lies
at the foundation of the civilization of our race.
The first progress of civilization is seen in the
developments of its use as the means of sub-
jecting nature to the use of man. And, strange
enough, the very highest point of civilization
which our race has reached finds its illustra-
tion in the employment of this common metal
as the agency by which space is annihilated
and the races of men are united more closely
together and the commercial and social broth-
erhood of man promoted. By the use of this
metal, furnished so abundantly by nature, the
progress of the race from barbarism to the
higher civilization is attained. This bounty of
the beneficent Author of nature is everywhere
diffused over the globe.
Iron is the most valuable of all the metals,
the most universally used. It is the indispen-
sable agent of man's progress, happiness, and
civilization. An article so closely allied to
the general economy of mankind ought to
be lightly taxed. We depart from the teach-
ings of nature when we impose a heavy tax
upon such a product for the benefit of wealth
in the interest of accumulated capital.
Then, sir, as regards salt, only the most
grasping cupidity could have suggested this tax
of 18 and 2i cents on 100 pounds of salt. The
discovery made as far back as the days of tire
Byzantine empire, in the decay of the old civil-
ization, developed in the rapacity of the feudal
ages, that society and labor may be made di-
rectly, largely, helplessly tributary in all its
fibers and muscles to building up the fortunes
of men who were crafty enough to make profit
of their intelligence in the artificial regulations
of government, is never forgotten, and this tariff
bearsconstantevidenccofthefact. Salt! Why,
sir, the beneficent Power that planted our race
upon the earth for the purposes of happiness and
progress has placed this element of universal
necessity to life everywhere, wherever upon the
face of the globe the habitations of man could
be erected. A tax of 18 and 24 cents a hun-
dred pounds on salt 1 Why, sir, the waves of
the ocean and the rays of the sun, without tariff
or tax, have manufactured islands of it. In the
Pacific ocean and on the Mediterranean, in the
West Indies, it is read^ for the use of man.
Elsewhere it bubbles up iu the waters of count-
less springs, the sun manufacturing it into
forms for convenient use. The idea of impos-
ing a tax upon it beyond the exactions or com-
merce to stimulate and gratify grasping avarice
is simply monstrous. As a question of polit-
ical science, in the nature and fitness of things,
you might as well talk about taxing God's
blessed sunlight, or the pure water of the
fountain, or the free air of heaven.
It is, sir, in the whole round of agencies for
amassing wealth illustrative in the highest de-
gree of the ingenious and unscrupulous meih-
ods by which the labor of man is taxed on the
pretense of encouraging national industries to
gratify the cupidity and build up the wealth
of men who neither toil nor spin, except as
lobbyists, and yet surpass princes in their luxury
and wealth, making the labors of vast multi-
tudes of men tributary to their aggrandizement.
I was in Boston, Mr. Chairman, last Septem-
ber—Boston, the ancient seat of free trade
when it was not a ship-building and manu-
facturing community but a commercial one;
but now and for many years past through our
generation the peculiar and earnest advocate
of the policy of protection, which has built up
their wealth and filled their beautiful city with
the elegancies, embellishments, and luxuries ot
all lands, and made it the center from which,
as is claimed, radiates a large portion of the
rays of intelligence which enlighten our por-
tion of the globe. 1 did not expect to hear
Boston complain of the tariff, a tariff which
had compelled tribute to her treasuries fumi
every other section of the Union ; but on the
subject of salt and iron it did seem even to an
enlightened citizen of Massachusetts (and who
in Massachusetts is notenlightened?) insuffer-
able that salt and iron should be the subject
of a heavy and oppressive tax. Salt and iron
are not specialties with New England. I found
that there the tax on salt and iron was deemed
