1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4975
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The first prop-
osition is the genera! proposition of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas and theSenatorfrom Rhode
Island. Is there objection to that?
Mr. HOWE. I should like to be informed
how we are to get along with the business on
the Calendar?
Mr. RAMSEY. This is business on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin objects. Reports of commit-
tees are in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Wis-
consin does not object.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know what I ought
to do under the circumstances. I find that
every committee which has any business to do,
or every Senator who has business from any
committee, is getting every hour of the session
assigned specially to the discharge of that busi-
ness, while the Committee on Claims, which
has more business on the Calendar than any
other committee probably, except theCommit-
tee oil Pensions, and more litigated disputed
business, has no time apportioned to it. I had
supposed that at sometime the Calendar would
be taken up and we should go through with it;
but I really do riot think that I ought to allow
every hour of the session to be set apart for
particular business, and no time allowed to
consider business from that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin are in the nature of an
objection to the proposition made.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then allow me to enter
my motion, so that I may call it up to-morrow.
I move that the first part of the next evening
we meet after this be set apart for business of
the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be entered on the Calendar of resolutions, and
laid over, there being objection to its present
consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to amend the
motion of the Senator from Rhode Island by
saying that, after his business is disposed of
the Duluth harbor bill shall be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will lie
entered as a separate resolution. Reports of
committees are in order.
JOSKPII S. I'INCII AND COMPANY.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to report back the bill (S.
No. 980) for the relief of Joseph S. Finch &
Company, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, with an
amendment, and a recommendation that it be
passed. This bill authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to take action which he says
ought to be taken, but which he is doubtful
whether, under the existing law, he has the
right to take. I therefore ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 980)
for the relief of Joseph S. Finch & Company,
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The preamble
recites that forty-one thousand four hundred and
seventy-seven and eighty-two hundredths proof
gallons ofdistilled spirits, distilled by Joseph S.
Finch & Company, at their distillery in Alleghany
comity, Pennsylvania, and stored in their dis-
tillery warehouse near Pittsburg, were, on the
14th of May. 1869, destroyed and wholly lost
by the falling of the distillery warehouse, with-
out any negligence or fault on their part; that
these spirits were subject to the tax and duty
of fifty cents per proof gallon, amounting to
the sum of ยง20,738 91, for which Joseph S.
Finch & Company had given bonds as required
by law ; and that the above facts constitute
equitable grounds for relief from the payment
ot the taxes. The bill therefore proceeds to
direetthe Secretary of the Treasury to abate and
remit the taxes on the spirits so destroyed and
lost, and to credit the amount of the same on
the bonds of Joseph S. Finch & Company given
to secure their payment.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Claims was to insert after the word "lost,"
in line five of the bill, the words "or so much
thereof as the evidence submitted shall show
to have been actually destroyed or lost."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, during this
session of Congress I believe on one occasion
only have I asked for the taking up of a bill in
the morning hour, and that one did not take
three minutes to pass. I ask that of the Sen-
ate now. I move to postpone all prior orders
and take up Senate bill No. 458, to authorize
and aid the Kansas Pacific Railroad Company
to extend and construct itsrailroad and tele-
graph line to El Paso, in New Mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent during the pendency of
the morning business, it not being completed.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, and if the Senate will give
me that consent I will, of course, give way for
the morning business. As this bill, allow me
to add, was in reality perfected by amendment
when I offered it as an amendment to another
bill, I think it is in a shape that will command
the approbation of the Senate, and I ask the
indulgence of the Senate for the second time
this session of nearly seven months of taking
up a bill in the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Missouri asks unanimous consent for the pur-
pose indicated by him. Is there objection?
The Chair hears no objection, and the bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Senator now states that he will
yield for morning business.
Mr. PllATT. Mr. President, I desire to
make a report.
Mr. TIPTON. I was on the floor to object,
but the Chair did not recognize me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Senator
from Nebraska objects to the proposition of
the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator will not
interpose that objection.
itr. TIPTON. I withdraw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there further
objection to that proposition? The Chair hears
none, and the bill moved by the Senator from
Missouri is before the Senate, subject to morn-
ing business.
WILLIAM EDDY.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2241) for the relief of heirs of William Eddy,
deceased, have had the same under considera-
tion and have directed me to make a written
report recommending the passage of the bill
with a single amendment; and I will ask the
consent of the Senate to put this bill on its
passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reissue to the heirs
and legal representatives of William Eddy,
United States securities equal in value to a
coupon bond, No. 2697, of the denomination
of $1,000, of the fourth series, nnder the act
of 25lh February, 1862, issued to William Eddy,
or bearer, 18tli December, 1863, bearing in-
terest from 1st November, 1863, which bond
and the coupons thereof were destroyed by fire
on the 21st March, 1864, the property in the
possession of William Eddy; with a proviso
that a bond satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall be executed and delivered to
him.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Claims was after the word ''number,'' in
line six, to strike out "2697," and insert
"20971."
Mr. PRATT. The amendment is simply as
to the number of the coupon bond.
Mr. CONKLING-. Is it a coupon bond or
a registered bond that is to be issued in its.
place ?
Mr. PRATT. It is a coupon bond that was
lost, and this bill provides for issuing other
United Stales securities.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the security to be
issued to be a registered bond or a coupon
bond ?
Mr. PRATT. The bill does not propose
what kind of security shall be issued, it leaves
that to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the number of the
bond known ?
Mr. PRATT. The number of the bond is
known ; he had a receipt, and the records of
the Treasury Department show the time of the
purchase by William Eddy of this bond and
its number.
Mr. SHERMAN. In such a case, according
to the precedents, there ought to be a duplicate
bond ot that number and series issued.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the report be read.
Mr. PRATT. As the report is in my own
handwriting perhaps I had better read it
myself:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (II. K. No. 2241) tor the relief of lieirs of "Wil-
liam J3ddy, deceased, have had the same under con-
sideration, and report:
That William Eddy was the owner of a United
States coupon bond commonly called five-twenties,
ot the denomination of &1,UOO, issued under act Feb-
ruary 2>, 1862, and of the fourth series of that act,
numbered 2M71. It was issued to him in December,
]Sb3, and boieinterest from ^November 1,1863. No
coupons from said bond have ever been presented to
the Treasury Department.
On the 2ist of March, 1861. Mr. Eddy was boai dint;
at the houso of one Lyman \V. Sears, in the town ot*
Royalton, Worcester county, Massachusetts,occupy-
ing the north room, lie had Ins bond and other
\aiuable pdpeis in a small trunk situate on a shelf
near where the stovepipe entered the funnel. On
the evening of this day the house was consumed by
fire. It originated in building a tire by Mrs. Sears
in the room that was occupied by Eddy. Ho was
absent at the time with her husband and did not re-
turn until the flames had acquired such headway that
nothing of consequence could be saved from his room.
The testimony of several witnesses, who testified with
great candor and precision, leaves do doubt oil the
mind ot the committee that this bond was consumed
at the time the house was burned. Mr. Eddy is said
to be dead.
The number of the bond is incorrectly described in
the bill. With an amendment substituting 2G'J71
for the number instead of 21397, the committee rec-
ommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should liketo have my
friend state whether the bill provides for giv-
ing security.
Mr. PRATT. The House bill directs the
Secretary of the Treasury "to reissue to the
heirs and legal representatives of William
Eddy, United States securities equal in value
to a coupon bond, No. 2697, of the denomina-
tion of ยฃ1,000, of the fourth series, under the
act of 25th February, 1862, issued to William
Eddy, or' bearer, 18th December, 1863, bear-
ing interest from 1st November, 1863, which
bond and the coupons thereof were destroyed
by fire on the 21st March, 18G4, the property
in the possession) of the said William Eddy,
provided that a bond satisfactory to the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury shall be executed and
delivered to him."
Mr. EDMUNDS. " Satisfactory " forwhat ?
Mr. PRATT. To indemnify the Govern-
ment.
Mr. EDMONDS. The bill does not say so.
Mr. PRATT. What does it mean if it does
not mean that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure I donot know.
That is just the trouble; it does not tell what
it means.
Mc. PRATT. I do not think there is the
least possible danger that this bond will ever
come up against the Government. The evi-
dence was overwhelming that it was destroyed
by fire ; and its being a coupon bond, the very
fact that r.o coupons have ever been presented
from that day to this to the Treasury Depart-
