186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 23,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Holrnan.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
a prohibitory tax; a tax which compels our
vessels to come homeward without cargoes,
and that prevents the building of ships.
Mr. E. H. Derby, a most intelligent citizen
of Boston, one of the most enterprising men
in the United States, a gentleman who of all
others upon commercial subjects possesses the
confidence of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in expressing his views before the committee
on the decline of our commerce, said:
" Take the article of salt. I passed the other day
through the very flourishing village of Syracuse,
where salt is made. They have a protection of 200
per cent, op salt. After the Revolution our anoestors
put on duties of 10 per cent., thinking that that was
sufficient. We put on 200 per cent. The result is
that Syracuso is a flourishing village. They are said
to have made $5,000,000 from salt sinoe the war. But
the salt trade and the navigation that should bring
the salt homo is very much broken down. In New
Brunswick the duty on salt is 3 per cent., in the
United States 200 per cent. Wo compote with Now
Brunswick and Nova Scotia in the fisheries. Some
relief was given by Congress. It was provided that
all tho salt which our fishermen could buy in New
Brunswick (and no thanks to Congress for that, for
ouj- fishermen could stop at tho Nova Scotian ports
and take tho salt) should be freoof duty. And what
do you think tho Syracusans do? They determined
that we should not have a salt trade with tho West
Indies. They come to Gloucester and say, "Wohavo
two prices of salt—that which is used on shore and
that which is used on sea. We will take the duty
off the price of that used at soa." They go ovor to
Canada and sell salt, dutyfree, at a certain price;
but if New York wants to buy salt it must pay 200 per
cent, additional inordor to get it. Tho Syracusans pro
to Sagi naw and say, " Gentlemen, you are trying to get
salt out of your springs; we will undertake to supply
you with what you want choapor." Thus they mo-
nopolize tho salt business of the country under a
dutv of 200 per cent. They aro showing an unbounded
prosperity, as 1 understand, on this basis of 200 per
cent, duty on salt. Wo ought to liavo 1,000,000 Ions
of salt imported over what wo do import to-day.
Tho sun makes it gratuitously, and you can put it on
board ship in tho West Indies for 8 cents a bushel or
$2 a ton. Allthe salt that you want you can gut at
tho West Indies, or Cadiz, or up t.lio Mediterranean
to Sicily at about $2 per ton, made by solar evapo-
1 at ion ; while wo put tho duty at 200 por cent., and
bum up our forests for tho purposo of benefiting
Svr.-icuso, and doprivo our shipping of its legitimate
business.
''What, I would suggest in rogard to shipping is this:
1 mo oil tho duties on ship-building materials."
Mr. Chairman, it is scarcely possible that
tlioro could be a more striking commentary
upon our policy of imposing upon an article
which can be brought here for almost the sim-
p!o expense of transportation a tax almost
l'or the exclusivo benefit of a few capitalists, a
tax which falls so directly and mostly on the
producing classes, and especially the farmer.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question in this connec-
tion ?
Mr. HOLMAN, Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would ask whether it
would bo wise for the people of this country
to depend either upon the Mediterranean or
upon the West Indies for their supply of salt,
or if ho desires a state of things which would
induce them or requiro them to look to those
deposits for their common ordinary supply?
Mr, HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, for a great
many years we thought it was well enough to
do so. The earlier taxes imposed on salt were
almost nominal; but salt is so diffused over this
country, is so universal an article, and so com-
pletely within the rcach of the industry of men
that, by 110 possibility could the people of the
United States be materially deprived of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. if the gentleman will
allow me I will state that there is a very large
deposit ofsaltin the State of Louisiana. There
are also very large subtei'ranean salines in dif-
ferent^ portions of the southern country; and
yet it is a historical fact that when the late war
came on, and the South was surrounded by our
military linos and the blockade, the people
there suffered untold sufferings from the want
of that very article of salt because they had
been trained to depend upon foreign supplies
in the main for their salt.
Mr. HOLMAN. That might very naturally
occur with a people hedged around by a strong
military force, with its laboring population all
drawn from their usual pursuits to engage in
warlike operations. But there certainly can
be no reasonable apprehension that the Ameri-
can people will ever suffer from the want of
salt, found as it is everywhere throughout the
country, with islands of it, almost mountains
of it in the waters of either ocean, lakes of it in
the West, and a subterranean sea of it in the
northern section of our Union. Now, the idea
of predicating legislation upon the fear that the
time may come when by the interruption of
our commerce the American people may be
driven to straits for want of salt is certainly
too visionary to justify a tax of 200per cent.,
or any other tax, and yet it is just as plausible
as many other theories upon which a duty has
been imposed upon an article to gratify human
cupidity.
No, sir; salt should not be taxed. Let us
have something exempt from taxation ; let at
least this common and universal necessity
escape the rapacious tax of the capitalist, for
under this tariff salt is taxed a little for the
Government and a great deal for the men who
have got the monopoly. Mr. Wells, tho Spe-
cial Commissioner of the Revenue, in his report
says:
A reduction in the duty on salt would, probably,
as in tho ease of pig iron, be followed by a correspond-
ing reduction in tho price of tho domestio article,
and this in turn would prevent any great increase in
importations. Tho loss from this reduction would,
ill the opinion of the Commissioner, approximate
$600,000. A reduction of the cost of the domestic con-
sumption of salt (39,000,000 bushels per annum) to the
extent ot'10 cents per bushel would relieve the com-
munity of a tax, in the first instance, of $3,900,000
per annum."
And it is under a republican Government,
where the rights of men are equal, that the
citizen of the gentleman's own State of Ten-
nessee, who by the strength of his brawny arm
day by day earns a living, pays into the Treas-
ury, so far as this commodity is concerned, as
much for the support of the Government as the
millionaire.
That the revenue imposed upon this article
is small ($1,136,225 76) does not change the
principle. And yet from the remark of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynakd,]
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I would infer that he thinks it is a policy admis-
sible in a Government like ours that the poorest
citizen should be compelled, with reference to
a given article of absolute necessity, to pay a
tax as large as that which is paid by tho
wealthiest millionaire in the whole land.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think the gen-
tleman should be allowed 
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Tennessee for a question. But he
is a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and will have an opportunity to speak
upon this subject whenever he desires. I do
not desire him to make a speech here, but of
course I will yield to him for an inquiry.
Mr. MAYNARD. My friend is very kind ;
but I will not trespass upon his kindness now.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; salt should be
free from tax, free as the sunlight or the air
we breathe, and no theory of political economy
would subject it to a special tax. ^
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another feature
of this bill which has struck me with great
astonishment, even considering the general
features of the bill, and that is the proposed
tax on intelligence. Why, sir, this bill, which
is to revise the tariff, strangely enough, im-
poses on Jjooks imported into this country a
duty of 25 cents j>er pound! A Government
founded upon the intelligence of the people as
the very corner-stone of the fabric proposes to
impose a tax upon the leading agency by which
intelligence is diffused. Taxing learning by
tho avoirdupois ! Twenty-five cents a pound
on books I The present duty of 25 per cent, ad
valorem, is reasonable enough, but 25 cents a
pound is quite startling. The publishers have
not been idle. I have a table before me show-
ing the effect. The tax on such a work as
Biblical Treasury would be 150 per cent. ;
Cyclopedia of Machines, 81 per cent.; Gil's
School Chemistry, 79 per cent.; Bohn's Library,
186 per cent, over the present duty, and so on,
making a general average of 96 per cent, actual
increase of duty on books of very general use;
and yet the bill provides that if the citizen pur-
chases these books for his own use in the for-
eign book-store they shall be admitted free.
Who is this intended to benefit?
This provision is in keeping with this system
of protection. A citizen familiar with literature
and with the institutions of learning abroad,
acquainted with the booksellers of London and
Liverpool, the wealthy traveler abroad, may
import single copies of any of these foreign
books for his own use without charge. But
the mechanic purchasing the Cyclopedia of
Machines, a work of great value, must pay 106
per cent, duty upon the book. This proposition
is an insult to the general intelligence of the
country ; it is indefensible. If everything else
that is the subject of monopoly must be made
dear, for the sake of our children let intelli-
gence and the sources of intelligence at least
be cheap.
I think, sir, that the idea of meeting the
necessities of this country by such a heavy lax
upon intelligence is without any excuse what-
ever, and that the intelligence of the people
of the United States will condemn it as a thing
not fit to be done.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another subject
in connection with this bill in which some of' my
own constituency are directly concerned as
manufacturers ; 1 refer to the subject of woolen
manufactures. I have before me a letter from
a very intelligent gentleman, the president of
a woolen manufacturing company in my own
district, one of the most extensive establish-
ments and the most successful, so far as I am
aware, in the Northwest. Last September, at
the National Institute in New York, the pro-
ducts of that establishment were pointed to as
fully rivaling the fairest productions of New
England manufacture. I ask that this letter
may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Lawkexcebukg, Indiana.
December 21,1869.
My Dear Sir : I suppose Congresswill make some
sort ot revision of the tariff this session.
1 deem it of vital importance to the woolen man-
ufacturing interest of the country that tho duties on
wool, dye-stuffs, and olivo oil be reduced, or, indeed,
wholly removed, and a general reduction of the duties
on manufactured woolen fabrics of every descrip-
tion to 25 per cent, ad valorem. Somo congressional
action of this kind must bo had soon, or the looms
of tho woolen mills of tho country mustlie idle. I
shall be obliged to you if you will, if you have not
already, .examine this subject and aid the woolen
manufacturing interests in away that may seem
bost in your judgment.
Truly yours, L. B. LEWIS.
Hon. W. S. IIolmak, Vfashingion City.
Mr. HOLMAN. That letter is written by a
gentleman fully informed upon this subject,
and he suggests an average duty of 25 per cent.
ad valorem, a heavy reduction on the present
rates, and a more liberal policy as to tho raw
material, as tho only reasonable expedient by
which the wool manufacturing interests of the
West can be sustained.
I am asked by gentlemen near me what
quality of goods are manufactured by this estab-
lishment. My reply is the superior qualities of
casshneres and cloths. I call special attention
to this letter, as expressing the views of a cau-
tious and well-informed gentleman.
Mr. COBURN. Will my colleague yield to
me?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will for a question.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to ask the gentl emau
