214:4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
suspect that the trite quotation from Pope will
apply to them:
" Yice is a monsterof so frightful mien,
As, to be hated, needs hut to be seen;
But, seen too oft, familiar with her face,
We first endure, then pity, then embrace."
Now, these gentlemen have evidently got to
the pitying point. They speak of these women
and, children in Utah as objects of pity, and
then they wind up with the assertion that the
tree of degraded sensuality does not bear these
fruits. Bow, what does all this amount to?
Either the institution ought to be defended or
it ought not. We must sustain it or we must
not. If it is all right, then extend it over the
other Territories; let it go into i daho and Mon-
tana and all the other Territories of the coun-
try, and then it may become the fixed institu-
tions in those Territories. These Mormons
have already got a county in Arizona. And
the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] who
spoke so feelingly in behalf of these Mormon
outlaws, has a number of Mormon constituents.
And the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] has quite a number of them among his
constituents, as I understand.
I am greatly in favor of the Pacific railroad;
I do not believe it can be overthrown. After
we have chartered it we propose to protect it
from one end of the line to the other; and woe
to the man or set of men who may undertake
to destroy it! There may be temporary delays
and obstructions, but they will bo temporary
only. The laws of the United States properly
enforced will protect it, a3 they will protect the
downtrodden and oppressed citizens of the
United States who are now in the Territory of
Utah subjected to the domination of this Mor-
mon hierarchy.
But X desire to glance briefly at this bill.
What is it? I lis a bill to enforce, so far as the
Territory of Utah is concerned, the long-heg-
lected law of 1802. That law prohibited polyg-
amy in the Territories of the United States,
mid made provision for the punishment of the
crime. But it has been disregarded and has
not been enforced because it was impossible
to find in the Territory of Utah a jury that
would enforce it. The district attorney of that
Territory kept a grand jury, composed of Mor-
mons and others, for many months with the
view of procuring an indictment against some-
body guilty of this offense. Hat, acting under
the inspiration of their prophet-chief, they re-
fused to find an indictment against any parties
guilty of polygamy, though the offense was
fully proven against a number of the Mormon
leaders.
The law, therefore, 1ms been practically a
nullity. Congress has been forced into this
attitude: either to provide for the enforcement
of that law, so as to blot out polygamy in all
the Territories, or, in order to be consistent, to
repeal the law and admit this polygamous com-
munity into the Union as a State. But the
centuries move, the world moves, and Con-
gress must move; we must adopt a definite
policy. Here are from one hundred to one
hundred and fifty thousand people who are
clamoring at the door of the Union for admis-
sion. They say they have the requisite popu-
lation ; that they are entitled to representation
in Congress according to the usages of the
Government. Now, we must admit or reject
them. If we reject them we must do it ration-
ally upon principle. The principle proposed
in this bill is to eradicate that institution, and
then we can bring them into the Union as the
people of other Territories have been admitted,
to enjoy all the rights and privileges of States.
This bill excludes Mormons from the jury-
box, and the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] complains of that. If you admit them
to the jury-box of course they will not convict
themselves. If you have a law against rob-
bers and murderers you would not put their
confederates on the jury to administer justice
in their cases. I shall spend no further time
upon that point.
Bat it is said that we deprive certain persons
engaged in the practice of polygamy from hold-
ing office and .from exercising the right of suf-
frage. That is true. - That is an important
provision of the bill. The effort is to break
up this Mormon system.. The legislation is
directed at theerime, and therefore it deprives
these people in many cases of the franchises
and privileges of other citizens of the United
States.
That is all there is of the bill except the
further proposition that where a Mormon is
convicted or absconds from the Territory his
property may be used, so far as it will go, for
the temporary support of his wife and chil-
dren until they oan get some employment or
be able in some way to maintain themselves.
This principle, I believe, is admitted in the
law of all the States. In my own State sum-
mary proceedings can be taken to compel a
parent to support his children or children to
support their parents. Summary proceedings
can be taken to reach the property of abscond-
ing persons quitting the State and leaving their
wives or children liable to become a public
burden. These principles are recognized, I
believe, in the jurisprudence of all the States.
Congress under the Constitution has, I sub-
mit, the same power over the Territories that
the State Legislature has over the State with
reference to this question. The Constitution
provides that Congress shall make needful
rules and regulations for the Territories, it
leaves the power supreme over the Territories
except as it is limited by the Constitution of
the United States. We propose that in the
exercise of this power Congress shall say that
certain persons declared to be criminals by the
act of 1862 shall not be permitted, in the first
place, to sit in judgment upon their own cases,
and in the second place, shall not be allowed
to enjoy the benefits and privileges of law-
abiding citizens of the Territory.
But it is said that these women in Utah are
well enough contented with their lot; that the
order of nature is reversed there ; that they
acquiesce in this system ; that they now enjoy
the right of suffrage, and will vote themselves
free in the course of time. What a painful
commentary upon the condition of things there,
that men should stand here and assert such a
doctrine ! What a painful commentary upon
the condition of the women in that Territory,
that not long since three thousand of them
assembled in the capital of the Territory and
condemned this bill, and indorsed polygamy.
We find the key to their condition.in a speech
made by Brigham Young on the 21st of Sep-
tember, 185C, and reported in the Deseret News,
volume six. I ask the Clerk to read an extract
from that speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Now for my proposition ; it is more particularly
for m? sisters, as it is frequently happening that
women say that they are unhappy. Hen will say,
' My wife, though a most excellent woman, has not
seen a happy day since I took my second wife' Ho.
not a happy day for a year,' says one, and another
has not seen a happy day for five years. It is said
that women are tied down and abused; that they
are misused and have not the liberty they ought to
have; that many of them aro wading through a per-
fect flood of tears because of the conduct of some
men together with their own folly.
" X wish my women to understand that what I am
going to say is for thein as well as ail others, and I
want those who are here to tell their sisters—yes, all
the women of this community—and then write it
baok to the States and do as you pleaso with it. 1
am going to give you from this time until the Gth day
of October next for reflection, that you may determ-
ine whether you wish to stay with your husbands
or not, and then I am going to set every woman at
liberty and say to them, 'Now go your way—my
women with the rest—go your way;' and my wives
have got to do one of two things : either round up
their shoulders to endure the afflictions of this world
and live their religion, or they may leave, for X will
not have them about me. X will go into heaven alone
rather than have scratching and fighting around me.
I will set all at liberty. 'What, first wife, too?'
Yes, I will liberate you all.
" X know what my women will say. They will say,
'You can have as many women as you plea.se. Brig-
ham.' But I want to go somewhere and do some-
thing to get rid of the whincrs; I do not want them
to receive a part of the truth and spurn the rest out
of doors." ********
"Sisters, I am not joking; I do not throw out my
proposition to banter your feelings, to sec whether
you will leave your husbands, all or any of you. But
I do know that there is no cessation to the everlast-
ing whining3 of many of the women of this Territory.
And if the women will turn from the command-
ments of God and continue to despise the order of
Heaven I will pray that the curse of the Almighty
may be close to their heels, and that it may bo fol-
lowing them all the day long; and those that enter
into it and are faithful I will promise them that
they shall be queens in heaven and rulers to all
eternity."
Mr. WARD. These unfortunate women
were operated upon by the tyrants that control
them to make this demonstration. Most of
them had become victims of this infernal sys-
tem. The young women did not attend the
meeting. So it is with the pretended suffrage
given these poor women ; they are slaves to a
system worse than death. The least murmur
against authority brings upon them punishment
more or less severe. All power and authority
are in the hands of Brigham Young. He is
absolute. Any opposition to him brings the
direst consequences. As hd directs, so the votes
will be cast; as he wills, so the shrinkingunfoy-
tunates do. He is as supreme as he is wicked
and infamous. I do not know but that I ought
to notice another argument that is made against
this bill, and that is that after all this system
is not so bad ; that the gilded dens of Wash-
ington, New York,. Philadelphia, and other
cities contain dissolute and abandoned charac-
ters no worse than these; that if you break up
this system it will scatter these poor women
abroad on the face of the earth to be the prey
of every one that crosses their track; that, in
fact, you will only add crime to crime by at-
tempting to overthrow it. What an argument
is this ? Because there are burglars, will you
abolish statutes against burglary? Because
there are thieves, will you abolish the statute
against larceny ? Because there are mu rderers,
will you wipeout the statutes against homicide ?
Because men and women violate law in the
States, will you sanction its violation by con-
gressional action iu the Territories ? Because
some men are vicious and wicked, because
some women are depraved and dishonored,
will you adopt such legislation as will encour-
age rather than restrain such things ? I am
ashamed that such an argument should be
advanced in the American Congress in this last
half of the nineteenth century. I am sorry to
see in this country the signs of a sickly senti-
mentality which proposes to punish nobody,
which proposes to hang nobody, which pro-
poses to let all the unchained passions of the
human heart become free to prey upon man-
kind. We have seen too much of that in this
day and generation. Had you hung one hun-
dred traitors you would not have had rebellion
in North Carolina and Tennessee to-day. Had
you enforced the laws of the country against
Utah years ago you would not have had this
terrible power confronting you at this moment.
If this thing has succeeded and thriven by your
neglect, if it has been fostered and strength-
ened by your procrastination, you have only
yourselves to find fault with. It is time you
should retrace your steps and see the laws of
your Government are enforced.
And shall it be said of the American name
and of the honor of the Republic that after
blotting out slavery, redeeming itself from the
stain of human slavery, it had not the courage,
it had not the manhood, it had not the nobility
to put out its helping hands to the fifty thou-
sand women and children in a far-off Territory
and protect them by the national laws ? These
people are entitled to your protection. They
demand it. They have been gathered from all
parts of the country; they have been seduced
from all the corners of the world ; they have
been picked up in foreign climes; they have
been brought here under restraint and control;
they have been taught to hate our Government;
they have been taught that there is no relief
except in the behest of some Mormon leader;
they are unfortunates who have been worked
on by temptation or beguiled by fanaticism.
