4032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
(12 Wheaton, 439,) where tlie State of Maryland
levied a tax upon the occupation of an im-
porter by requiring him to take a license to
carry ou his business. Chief Justice Marshall
held that this was in effect a tax on imports,
and was in violation of the Constitution. So
a tafe or duty on a bill of lading was held to
be in substance a tax on the article shipped,
and the law of California authorizing such a
tax was held void. (Almy vs. The State of
California, 24 Howard, 174.) And when the
city of Charleston sought to tax the income
derived from United States bonds the Supreme
Court held that the State could not thus indi-
rectly tax the borrowing power of the United
States. So in the attempt of Maryland to tax
the bills of the branch bank of the United
States. The court held that the act in effect
taxed the bank itself, and was void.
It is a well-known principle of the common
law that a grant or devise of the income of
lands in perpetuity is a grant or devise of the
fee itself. The Constitution looks at things
and the substance of things, and not at names;
and when it requires the apportionment of
direct taxes among the States it means that
class of taxes assessed upon general property,
such as lands or their incomes and profits.
There are other grounds on which a question
of constitutionality might be urged with great
force. But I do not mean to enter into any
elaborate discussion of this point. My inten-
tion is merely to call attention for a moment
to the subject, and to suggest the doubtful con-
stitutionality of the law as another reason why
it should not be reenaeted.
Since, then, its ceenactment will be a breach
of faith; since the law itself is unequal, un-
just, and oppressive ; since it is in some of its
parts of most doubtful constitutionality, is it
not the duty of this House to let it pass away
forever by the period of limitation which its
framers have attached to its life ?
During the delivery of the above speech,
Mr. SCHENCK said: Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. I will if it does not come out
of my time.
Mr. SCHENCK. How can you explain a
man can receive an income of $80,000 from
interest on bonded mortgages without paying
any tax ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have not said that, and I
hope the gentleman will understand me, for
I want him to answer it. A man may have
under this law $30,000 worth of accumulated
wealth invested on bond and mortgage which
may net him five per cent., that is, $1,500
over and above his ordinary taxation, and that
$1,500 this law absolutely exempts; and in that
case I say that $30,000 worth of accumulated
wealth is exempted from this tax.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, during the two
months or more of the protracted illness of
our friend the late tariff bill, during the weary
weeks it was under consideration, I did not
esteem it my duty to participate in the discus-
sion upon the vexed question of revenue or
protection. As the Representative of a con-
stituency who produce chiefly those precious
metals which no tariff can protect, and who
do not, unfortunately, produce much else, I
voted steadily for the lowest rates of duty pro-
posed.
1 do not know whether the death or the
syncopetic state of the tariff bill—I say syn-
copetic state, because we are promised resur-
rection by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means—will be of advantage to the
country in the matter of reduction of taxes or
not. In any event I find consolation for its
i'ate in the reflection that we may now fairly
claim of the Ways and Means Committee a
much larger reduction of internal revenue than
has been hitherto proposed.
It is estimated that the surplus revenue of
the Government under our present tax laws
will amount to from one hundred to one hun-
dred and twenty million dollars per annum.
When we consider the rapid increase of pop-
ulation and the growth of the country, when
we consider how the individual efforts of men
to get along in life have aggregated the na-
tional wealth, we may safely eoneluda the larger
figure of §120,000,000 is probably correct.
Now, sir, the condition of the public credit
does not require, and the condition of the pub-
lic resources will not warrant, the payment of
the public debt at the rate of $100,000,000 a
year. It is estimated by intelligent financiers
that a yearly payment of twenty or thirty mil-
lion dollars upon the debt will be ample to pro-
tect the public credit, and surely it is enough
of burden for this generation to bear, when we
consider how much of taxation they have en-
dured, and how much of loss they have been
subjected to. I think we may properly and
safely reduce taxation, not fifty or seventy-five
million dollars, as suggested yesterday, but we
may reduce taxation §90,000,000 per annum,
or $57,000,000 more than is proposed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
in the bill under consideration. And I suggest
we can make no reduction so just, so fair, and
so agreeable to the people as to discontinue
this income tax.
I will not attempt in the limits of a five-
minutes speech to repeat the argument that
it is unequal; that it is inquisitorial; that it is
oppressive; that it is unusual; that it is a war
tax, and the war is over ; a troublesome tax,
and the people are restless; an unnecessary
tax, and the people know it. I simply desire
to put on record my conviction that it should
be abolished altogether, and if not abolished,
that we should at least have the largest exemp-
tion possible—$2,500, or even $3,000. It is a
tax which rests with peculiar oppression upon
the people of my district, who pay per capita
five times the amount of internal revenue tax
that is paid by any others. I suppose this is
because their consciences are less elastic, or
because their ability to figure out exemptions
has not been so highly cultivated.
Within the time allowed me I have little
opportunity to say anything further than to
express my hope that the House will discon-
tinue this tax altogether. I will advert, how-
ever, to a remark of the gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, when he said that this was a popular
tax with those who do not pay it. I submit
respectfully that that is not a fair reason for
retaining the tax, and would also suggest that
there are a great many people who do pay it
and with whom it is very unpopular. There
is not a mechanic, a small tradesman, a clerk,
a lawyer, a clergyman, or a physician in the
land who does not feel that this tax is oppress-
ive, and who does not know that it is unequal
and unjust. The country demands its aboli-
tion or reduction. The public press through-
out the country clamors that it should cease.
I hope the members of this House will listen
to the voice of their constituents, and take off
this tax of $35,000,000 which now rests so
heavily on the people, and with which the
Government can so well dispense.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am in favor of
continuing this tax, but at the same time
increasing the exemption to $2,000. The
gravest objection that has been brought against
it in the course of this discussion seems to be
the plea of estoppel—that this was a war tax,
that Congress had deliberately and solemnly
established this tax for the support of the war,
and that it should, therefore, now cease. Now,
we find by the title of the act that when this
tax was levied it was stated to be levied for the
support of the Government and for paying the
interest of the public debt. Mr. Speaker, the
Government still exists and must exist. The
public debt still exists. There is the same ne-
cessity now to pay the interest on the public
debt and to support the Government as there
was before. There is no estoppel, then. Con-
gress did not declare that the Congress of
1869-70 should not renew the tax; and even
if it had so declared such a declaration could
not prevent this Congress from doing in the
matter as it chooses.
Another objection to this tax is that it oper-
ates unequally and onerously. But here the
advocates for the repeal ol the tax make use
of contradictory arguments. With one breath
they say that it taxes business, and with the next
they say that it is a tax shuffled by the rich
man upon the Door man who is not named on
the assessment roll. Now, if it be a tax on
business it cannot be a tax shuffled of] by A.
T. Stewart and other gentlemen in his position
upon the poor. My colleague [Mr. Judd]
moves to amend to strike off taxes upon busi-
ness, and to leave it a tax simply upon realized
gains and upon capital. I am sorry I cannot
go with my colleague for that amendment.
Business is capital. Brains are capital. A
man's profession is capital—just as much his
capital as his farm is the farmer's capital. The
capacity to make gains, whether it is in a man's
profession, in his brains, or in his accumulated
means, is his capital. Ou the same principle,
Mr. Speaker, you ought not to tax the accumu-
lated gains of the active, industrious man any
more than you tax the poor man who by reason
of his sloth and laziness has not accumulated
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is impossible,
when I have but five minutes, and have had to
wait for them so long. The next objection to
the tax is that it is inquisitorial. That has
already been sufficiently answered. Every tax
is inquisitorial. State assessments and town
assessments are inquisitorial. The assessor is
very inquisitorial when he inquires what busi-
ness you have done, how much land you have,
how much money you have out at interest,
what notes you have in your possession, how-
many horses and carriages you keep, how many
watches you have, whether your wife has a
watch, whether she has got a piano, and all
that sort of thing. Every assessment is inquis-
itorial. And this tax is no more inquisitorial
than others. But gentlemen who oppose the
tax are inconsistent m dealing with this branch
of the argument also. While with one breath
they say that the tax is inquisitorial, with the
next breath they say that it is not sufficiently
inquisitorial to test the truth ; and that those
who ought to pay the tax do not pay it because
the assessors are not sufficiently inquisitive.
Another objection is that a great many escape
ihe payment of the tax. Well, sir, that objec-
tion app.ies to all other taxes. There is no
doubt whatever that the whisky tax is a very
inquisitorial tax, and that many men are guilty
of fraud and rascality in not honestly giving in
their returns under the whisky tax ; and right
here I come to another argument.
[Here the hammer fell, j
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have very
cheerfully sustained the measures of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and have made
no objection to any of the taxes that they have
proposed, because I believe that the people
whom I represent are willing to pay any rea-
sonable taxes to sustain the credit of the Gov-
ernment ; but I think that this one proposition
is universally dissatisfactory, and that, so far
as I can judge of the temper and interests and
opinions of the people I represent, it will do
more to discredit the Government and its
bonds than any other measure that could be
proposed. I am opposed, sir, to the tax in
any form whatever, and I shall vote for its
abolition. If it is now revived it will last as
long as the war debt continues, whether it be
ten, twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty years, and
it is the revival of a tax which it lias been
agreed—I will not say in a manner legally to
bind Congress, but in a manner to affect the
public judgment—should not be revived.
We have agreed to that, and we ought to
abide by that agreement; and if it is revived
