>1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febr
•imry lo.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, I move to amend
the pending paragraph by adding to it the fol-
lowing! , ' j. , ;
ProDtWed, That each members asdesiro to take leas
than the oompensatioi and mileage provided by law
.may be allowed to do&o, and the amount not taken
shall be covered iilto the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ia compelled
to rule that amendment out of order, on the
ground that it interferes with existing law.
[Laughter.]
No further amendment was offered to the
paragraph.
The Clerk read the following:
For compensation of the officers, clerks', messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the House of Representatives, namely:
Clerk of the House of Representatives, $4,320; Chief
Clerk, $3,000; five assistant clerks at #2,592 each; one
assistant clerk at $2,520; nine assistant clerks, in-
cluding Librarian and Assistant Librarian, at $2,160
each; one chief messenger and clerk to the Speaker
at $5 76 per day each; for three messengers at $1,440
each; one messenger in the House Library, $1,440;
one engineer, $1,800; three assistant engineers at
$1,440 each; six firemen at 81,095 each per annum;
for clerk to Committee of Ways and Means, $2,592;
clerk to Committee on Appropriations, $2,592; clerk
to Committee of Claims, $2,160; clerk to Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, $2,160; Sergeant-at-Arms,
$2,592; clerk to the Sergeant-at-Arms, $2,500; mes-
senger to Sergeant-at-Arms, $1,440; Doorkeeper,
$2,592; firstaasistautdoorkeeper, $2,592; Postmaster,
$2,592; first assistant postmaster, $2,088; four mes-
sengers at $1,728 each; two mail carriers at $1,080
each; Chaplain of the House, $900; two stenogra-
phers, $4,380 each; superintendent of folding-room,
$2,160; superintendentandassistantofthedocvunent-
room at $5 76 per day eaoh; document file clerk,
§1,800; eleven messengers, five at $1,800 and six at
$1,4:10-each; twelve messengers during the session
at the rate of $1,440 each per annum; making in all
the sum of $142,531 60.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after the words
"Chief Clerk" the words "and Journal
clerk and after " $3,000" theword "each
bo that it will read: " Chief Clerk and Journal
clerk, $8,000 each."
Mr. MAYNARD. If this amendment is
made at this time it will go into the law and
become permanent. The present incumbent
of the office of Journal clerk is a gentleman
whom we have all known ; the oldest of us
here have known him many years. His ser-
vices cannot be fully compensated by even what
is proposed to be given him by this atnend-
ment. As compared with the services of the
principal Clerk of this House, the services of
•the Journal clerk are, I might almost say,
beyond comparison. We have had many prin-
cipal clerks who have served under him. No
one whobas occupied theseat you now occupy,
Mr. Chairman, will fail to appreciate his ser-
" vices at a Very high value. He is recognized,
'I believe, throughout this country, and per-
haps beyond the limits of this country, as the
highest authority upon parliamentary law in
our laiid; and I would cooperate with the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in compensating
him for hia services adequately and fully, so
far as the salary may be made an adequate
compensation. But 1 suggest whether we had
not better let it take the form that will readily
suggest itself, rather than to establish a salary
for the office which once established will con-
tinue through all the future.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynardj can say in reference
to the Journal clerk will go beyond what I would
desire to say. But my amendment does not
propose any increase of his Balary; I only put
la here what has heretofore been paid him by
resolution of the House out of the contingent
fund of the House. This does not alter his'pay
at all; he gets just as much as he has always
. received. The only difference is that the
money is appropriated directly instead of being
taken oat of the. contingent fund.
Mr. MAYNABD. The objection to putting
appropriation in the bill in this form is that
the enect of it may be to attach this compensa-
tion to the office, irrespective of the individual
incumbent. Suppose that by death or any
other misfortune we should lose the services
of the present incumbent, his place might be
filled by some one else of inferior abilities.
Mr. DAWES. I never permit myself to
look forward to that time.
Mr. MAYNARD. But why should we not
pay him a& we have always done ? In that -way
we can withhold the pay whenever occasion
may arise. I am not for withholding a single
dollar from the present incumbent, but I sub-
mit whether it is wise to make in this bill what
may be in effect a pert&anent provision.
Mr. DAWES. If, during the time I am a
member the sad hour which the gentleman
from Tennesssee anticipates should overtake
us, I will try to provide for the exigency. I
trust that this amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in the ninety-second line, the word
"five" before the words "assistant clerks,"
and insertingin lieu thereofthe word " four
so that the clause will read: "Four assistant
clerks, at $2,592 each." This amendment is
rendered necessary by the one just adopted.
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
but after the words "Sergeant-at-Arms," in
| the one hundred and eleventh line, the words
t " two thousand five hundred and ninety-two
dollars;" and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
Four thousand three hundred and twenty dollars:
Provided, That he shall receive, directly or indi-
rectly, no fees or other compensation or emolument
whatever for performing the duties of his office, or
in connection therewith.
This amendment corresponds with that which
the Committee of the Whole has already
adopted with reference to the Sergeant-at-Arms
of tl e Senate.
Mr. KELSEY. I would like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether the proviso embraced in his amend-
ment ia not already substantially the law of this
House; and whether the effect of the amend-
ment is not to raise the salary of the Sergeant-
at-Arms from the sum named in the bill to that
proposed in the amendment ? All these perqui-
sites have, as I understand, been already cut
off by a resolution of this House.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I had. the
honor to aid the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfieu)] in getting through this House a
resolution which will cut off these emoluments
and fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms; but that is
a resolution of this House only. We propose :
to make such a provision the law of the land, i
It does not seem right that the salary of'this !
officer should, be merely $2,500, when he is
responsible for all the money expended at this
end of the Capitol. We therefore propose to
give him a salary of $4,320, with no additional
pay from any source whatever. The amend-
ment corresponds with that we have already
adopted with reference to the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate, who has been placed upon
an equality with the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, The House hav-
ing charged the committee of which I am chair-
man with an important investigation, the atten-
tion of that committee was called to the fact
that a large number of witnesses would neces-
sarily be summoned, and that in this way there
would accrue to the Sergeant-at-Arms, under
the practice previously prevailing, a large
amount of fees for service of summons and vari-
ous duties connected with carrying into execui-
tion the orders of the House. The eommittee
found that it had been a long-established cus-
tom of the House to allow to this officer fees
reckoned in various constructive ways; fees
for mileage, for service of subpenas, and for
several other things of that sort. As it seemed
to me we were likely in that way to run up a
large bill of an indefinite kind as to amount
and character, and as the committee would be
to some extent responsible for such an expend- i
iture, I prepared, with the assitstance of the j
gentleman from Massachusetts, a resolution, >i
which was passed by the House, providing,
a mere rule of the House, that we sbould'dis-
continue this constructive mileage and this pay
for servi.ee of subpenas, and allow this officer
to be compensated only for the actual expenses
incurred by him in bringing witnesses, &c. I
may. say that our investigation is now nearly
completed, probably more than forty-five wit
nesses having been summoned from New York
and elsewhere; yet the total amount ofexpenses
thus far incurred will, I think, fall short of
$500; and this is not in the form of fees, bat
actual expenses incurred in summoning wit-
nesses. I cannot say that will cover the whole
amount; but I am very sure, if the old rule
had prevailed, there would have been two or
three times that amount which would have
been paid him as perquisites of the Sergeant-
at-Arms. Because that is so his salary is only
one half that of the Clerk of the House, not
taking into account his perquisites.
I did not design in the resolution I intro-
duced to put him on a lower salary than that
paid to his coordinate officer, the Clerk of the
House; and I therefore most cordially agree
in the proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, that now when we
have taken off the fees attached to the office
of the Sergeant-at-Arms that officer shall re-
ceive the same salary which is paid to the Clerk
of this House.
Mr. KELSEY. I resume the floor merely
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
' House to the fact that here, at least, is a prop-
osition to raise the salary of an officer of this
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. The effect of the proposition
will not be to raise the salary of the Sergeant-
i at-Arms beyond that which he has heretofore
f received.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from New York has expired.
Mr. KELSEY. O ther gentleman haye taken
up all my time. ,
Mr. DAWES. The law allows the Sergeant-
at-Arms large fees if he has a mind to exact
them. In past times a great.amount of money
has been made out of the office. It caused such
great scandal, that the Sergeant-at-Arms him-
self suggested that his Balary should be fixed
and put on an equality with that of the Clerk
of the House, rather than to have this constant
talk about the fees to which he was entitled
under the law. And instead of raising the
salary of this officer, the difference between the
salary proposed here and the fees growing out
of the service of process is greatly in favor of
this proposition. There is no raising of salary.
No one can ask the Sergeant-at-Arma to under-
take the duties connected with the disburse-
ments of the House at a salary of $2,160. As
I have said already, it was fixed at $2,160 be-
cause the law allowed the Sergeant-at-Arms
these fees for the serving of process. It is now
proposed to cut off every emolument so that
there can be no temptation to make money out
of these fees, and to put the Sergeant-at-Arms
as to salary upon an equality with the Clerk of
this House.
Mr. KELSEY. I merely wish to make one
observation.
Mr. WALKER. Before the gentleman be-
gins I would like to ask him a question, and
that is whether as a matter of met the com-
pensation of the Sergeant-at-Arms does not
really amount to between five and six thou-
sand dollars a year; and whether or not the
present proposition is in the line of retrench-
ment?
Mr. DAWES. The salary with the fees,
under the law, amounts to many times more
than that .sum.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not believe that this
proposition is in the line of retrenchment My
opinion is that the Sergeant-at-Arms has now
a sufficient Balary given to him by the law. By
  resolution of the House we havB cut off all
the perquisites of that office, and I am here to
