1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it will be continued. It will excite discontent;
it will be evaded, and it will produce a worse
feeling in the public -mind than almost any tax
■which we could impose. It is believed to be
pnconstitutional. It is a direct tax which
should be apportioned according to represent;
ation, and it will be resisted on that ground.
It has not heretofore been resisted, because
during the war nobody wanted to resist ^ny
tax, and duringthelastthree years it has been
paid under the suppositionthat it would not
be continued beyond this year. If it is
renewed, of course the question of its consti-
tutionality will be raised. It is unequal; it is
unjust; it forces many men to pay it who ought
not to pay it, because they do not wish the con-
dition of their business to be made public.
The bulk of it is collected as a tax on wages;
not on income of property, but on wages or
salaries; and so far it is a measure to repress
the productive energies of the country. Any
measure that represses the productive energies
of the country is far more injurious than ben-
eficial, and so far as it excites discontent in
the minds of the people it will do more to
injure the credit of the Government than to
benefit that credit. I shall vote for the amend-
ments to reduce the tax and to increase the ex-
emption, but I do not want the tax revived in
any form. I shall vote for its entire abolition,
and I hope the House will sustain the proposi-
tion to refuse to revive the tax in any form.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, after
having listened to the debate of yesterday on
the proposition to repeal the duty on friction
matches, and after listening to the debate
to-day on the proposition to repeal the income
tax, I am led to exclaim. " Consistency, thou
art a jewel!" With reference to the-tax on
matches we find that the forty million people
who are consumers of matches pay $1,500,000
into the Treasury ; and yet gentlemen told us
we could not afford to abrogate that tax, be-
cause it would take §1,500,000 out of the Treas-
ury, or prevent §1,500,000 from going into it.
And yet we find here to-day the same men who
voted against the abrogation of the tax on
matches in favor of a repeal of the income tax,
which would reduce the revenue of the Gov-
ernment $25,000,000! You can afford, gen-
tlemen, to take off the $25,000,000 of income
tax, and yet you cannot afford to take off the
$1,500,000tax on matches! Consistent, gen-
tlemen ! Answer this proposition to your con-
stituents. Who is it tfiat pays the tax on
matches? Forty million people—every man
who lights a candle or a pipe or a cigar pays
an appreciable tax on the match he uses. \ et
but two hundred and seventy-five thousand
people in the United States pay the entire
income tax of $25,000,000-
Now, let us go a little further. Gentlemen
tell us that they are perfectly willing to impose
taxes upon luxuries, and that they are in favor
of taking them off the necessaries of life. Are
not matches a necessity of every-day life? Cer-
tainlv they are. Then if gentlemen are in favor
of taking taxes off the necessaries of life and
of putting taxes on luxuries I would like some
gentleman who is in favor of repealing the
income tax to tell me what is a greater luxury
than an income of $100,000 a year, unless it be
an income of $200,000 ? [Laughter. ] The
larger the income the greater the luxury. And
yet gentlemen are in favor of repealing the tax
upon the greatest of all luxuries.
Now, suppose you go home and tell the moa
who sent you here that you voted to continue
the tax on matches; that you voted against a
reduction of the tax on tea, coffee, and sugar,
while you voted to repeal the income tax, so
! that the millionaire may enjoy the luxury of
rolling in wealth and living in splendor without
' paying any tax for it. Suppose you go home
and tell that to your constituents, x imagine
[ they will hurrah and reelect you by a unani-
mous vote, won't they? [Great laughter.]
Gentlemen tell us that.this tax is mquisito-
j rial. Sir, is it as inquisitorial as your tariff
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 253.
laws, which subject every man and woman who
lands upon p.ur shores- to inspection from head
to foot, inside and out? [Latjgh'ter.] You
vote to continue that sort of inquisitorial tax,
and yet you complain thfif; the millionaire
should be. required • to. rep.ort' to the assessor
how he makes his income and the amount
of it.
[Here tjie hanjmer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman frfi© Iosya
[Mr. PoifEROY] is entitled to t^e floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think my time
can be out by two or three minutes,
Many Members. Go on ; go on.
Mr. INQERSOLL. I wish to say bat a fev?
words more to those gentlemen. They com-
plain that the West pays too little of this tax,
and that New York, Massachusetts, and Rhode
Island, perhaps, pay three fourths of it. Very
well; we will not fall out with you about that.
We have no pride in this matter of paying
taxes; we will not complain if you pay it all.
[Laughter.] But, on the other hand, I insist
that it is but just that you should pay the most
of this tax until you are willing to have a redis-
tribution of the national bank circulation.
Now let me talk to you a little about this
national bank circulation. In Massachusetts
you have $57,000,000 of the national bank cur-
rency, while Illinois, with double the popula-
tion of that State, has but $9,000,000. You
have in New York and Pennsylvania more than
$100,000,000 of that currency, while twenty-
one States, which have three times as many
Representatives on this floor, have only $42,-
000,000. Gentlemen, if you do not want to
pay so much of this income tax, thenlet us have
the excess of the currency which you monop-
olize, and whereby you have been enabled to
make such magnificent incomes, and then it
will come with better grace from you to insist
that the West shall pay a greater proportion
of the income tax.
Sir, this matter of an income tax is no new
thing. Gentlemen must go further back in the
history of England than did the gentleman from
New York [Mr. E>AVis]_on yesterday if they
would find out the facts in connection with the
imposition of an income tax. In 1194 an in-
come tax was placed upon the statute-book of
England, whereby a tax of twenty-five per cent,
was imposed upon all incomes, ecclesiastical
as well as others, without any exemptions.
Now, gentlemen, I do not think you can com-
plain of this income tax if we raise the amount
of exemption to $2,000, and continue the tax
upon all amounts above that sum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POMEROY. Mi\ Speaker, it is con-
ceded, I believe, by political economists gen-
erally—and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] in his remarks yesterday, though
opposing tie tax, admitted this position that
in theory at least this tax is_ more equitable
than any other that can. be imposed for the
support of the Government. This, in my view,
is not only a point gained in this discussion,
but it is an abandonment on the part of the
opponents of this tax of the whole question h>
dispute ; for if this is an equitable tax I will
not admit that the Congress of the United
States is not able to devise means to enforce
the tax equitably in its application to the people.
Brit we are told that this tax is " inquisito-
rial." Are we to repeal all laws which are
"inquisitorial" in their character? If so, what
shall we do with our census act, what shall we
do with our banking law, what shall we do with
our tariff act? The inspectors of customs not
only make the importers show their invoices,
but they examine the band-boxes and the
trunks of the ladies; they do not even respect
the sanctity of crinoline. There are few taxes
which are not" inquisitorial "in their character.
But we are told that " the people" want this
tax repealed. X ask, who are "the people
urging its repeal? This cry for repeal comes
chiefly from the gentlemen representing the
cities in the East. I ask them whether the
portion of their people asking this repeal £tre
tli'ose who live in the' courts and" alleys, who
make a precarious livelihood are scarcely
able to pay the r§nt$ extorted from |hen  by
thpse men of wealth v(ho a^k the repeal of this
tax ? Is this repeal demanded |>y the people
employed in your village factories, who frotri
month to month are barely able by their .labor
to earn a subsistence? Is the repeal of this tax
asked by the people on our frontiers," who are.
carrying forward-the banner of civilization into
the desert ? Are these the people asking for the
repeal of this tax? No ; their voice is not heard
in this Hall. The cry fo,r repeal comes from the
cities and' from the metropolitan journals rep-
resenting the wealth of the nation. The oppo-
sition to this tax comes from the men who are
fattening on the capital of the country.
We are told that tho two hundred and sev-
enty-five thousand people who pay this income
tax are demanding that it shall be repealed.
Is their voice to be omnipotent in this Hall?
Do gentlemen mean to say that these two hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand persons own
the masses of this nation; that they are to con-
trol the people of this country ; that the legis-
lation in this Hall is to be conducted solely for
their interest ? No; the thirty-five millions of
the people at large are not smarting under this
tax. The demand Tor its repeal comes only
from the capitalists of the nation who control
the public journals, and by means of those
journals are able to get up an apparent public
sentiment in favor of the repeal. "But," we
are told, "this is a war tax." Are all your
"war taxes" to be repealed? It is true the
war is ended ; that there are scattered all over
the land little hillocks where repos.e the re-
mains of men who have left behind them
widows and orphans who are calling on you
annually for $35,000,000 in the form of pen-
sions?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr Speaker, the limited
time allowed for debate does not, in my opin-
ion, allow sufficient time to enumerate the ob-
jections to the income tax, and most certainly
does not allow time to elaborate those objec-
tions. I am in favor of its total abolition—
First Because it is unconstitutional; but
this objection I am satisfied is too trivial to be
considered by the dominant party. Experience
teaches me that it were useless to dwell upon
l^'s-
Senond. Beoause it is unequal, llnst.axis
not levied alone upon those who have more
than $1,000 per year income. I know those
who have not $300 per year who pay an income
tax, many of whom arc widows and orphans.
I mean those who have a small amount invested
in bank and other stocks. This income is
deducted from their dividends before the bank
pays over. On the other band, I know many
having incomes over $10,000 per year who do
not pay one cent. I do not refer to those who
make fraudulent returns, but to a class of men
whom the Government fears to tax and exempt 3.
Third. Because incomes, permanent in their
nature, are taxed at the same rate as temporary
revenues. A mortgagec'smvestments remain,
but a workman's or professional man s income
ceases with his life. . .
Fourth. Because all commodities bought
with revenue from income, houses built, im-
provements made, &c., pay heavy taxes Jirougn
the tariff and internal revenue, and then, by
this income tax, are burdened with an extra
five per cent.
Fifth. Because it is to be kept up lor the
benefit of manufacturers and high tariff men,
who -control large bodies of voters, maintaining
this burden in order to remove more special
taxes from their shoulders. - •
Sixth. Because it is opposed to the P"11^
pies of political economy. But, sir, i-twoi}ld -
as useless to argue this point with the
in this House as to argue on the unconstitutio.r
