4978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
reamended. If I have overstated in saying
that the substitute is one third manuscript I
will fall a half and say a sixth. If that does
not satisfy my friend, I will go still further. I
am not going to quarrel with him about the
actual quantity of manuscript he has here; and
I am sorry that he should have switched off' so
suddenly on that innocent remark of mine.
It is enough to say that the scope and effect
of this bill as originally proposed have been
pretty substantially altered, or else my friend
from Missouri has been devoting his ingenuity
to a very useless performance ; and if I did not
know that my friend from Missouri would not
propose any thing that he thought was at all ques-
tionable, I should be likely to suspect that his
objection to allowing the bill to bo printed and
looked at was because he thought it would not
bear investigation ; but I do not think so. I
say that my friend's reputation is enough to
carry him over a bridge of this unsoundness,
and to lead us all to know, so far as his opin-
ion goes, that it is perfectly right. But this is
not the way to pass bills granting away the
public territory. This is a corporation that has
already had enormous grants in land and in
bonds. How do we know but that the exten-
sion of this grant may by legal implication
carry bonds with it also? What provision is
made for reimbursing the United States for the
interest upon the bonds already issued, which
is in arrear, as I understand.
Mr. DRAKE. Double the provision that
was made before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be so ; but how
are we to know it? If we are to pass my friend
from Missouri, instead of passing the bill, then
I will vote for it; but I supposed it was the bill
we were to consider; and when we have once
passed it, it will not be the opinion of my friend
that the Secretary of the Interior will be gov-
erned by; it will be the law.
I do not want to delay action on this bill one
way or the other; but [ do think it right that
we should postpone action upon it until wo shall
know what it is. The bill as now agreed upon
is not known to a Senator on this floor except
my friend from Missouri, so far as I know and
believe, as to its substantial contents and the
alterations that have been made in it. I hope,
therefore, that my friend will consent, without
any squabble about it, that it may lie over and
be printed. I shall not object to his taking it
up to-morrow.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Ver-
mont had been in his place in this body last
week, instead of beinginthe State of Vermont,
he would have known all about this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri yield ?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. He would have
known that those manuscript interlineations in
that, substitute were put in by a vote of the
Senate, understanding the whole bill perfectly
at the time. Sir, I think it is graceless in the
Senator to come in now when he has been
absent from his post here, while the Sen-
ate has been trying to perfect this bill, and
endeavor to throw it over in the little space of
time we have in the morning hour by making a
long speech, talking about the cunning ingenuity
of my pen, and all that sort of thing. Sir, this
is no way to deal with a great enterprise like
this, in which this whole country is interested.
It'the Senator will not be here when a meas-
ure comes up, let him at least defer somewhat
to the judgment of the Senators that do stay
here and attend to their business,
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to ask him, in
view of his remarks, whether he does not think
I stay here too much now altogether? Had I
not better be in Vermont to-day, for his pur-
poses?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; the gentleman's
presence here is very acceptable, if he would
only let matters alone that he does not under-
stand. [Laughter.] Now, sir, he has exhausted
nearly the whole of the morning hour; but now
I want' a vote.
The VICE'PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Vermont is that the bill aud
substitute be postponed until to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were 24, and the noes 22.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour lias expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the bill for the reduction of
taxes. If there be no objection the bill just
considered will be printed. The Chair hears
no objection, and the printing will be ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer a resolution
calling for information-relative to a bill pend-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
_ Unsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form the Senato what amount ha" been paid at the
Treasury on the claim of George I'ishcr's represent-
ative, for the use and destruction of property ill tho
Creek Indian war, giving- the amount and date of
each payment.
evening session.
Mr. McDONALD. T move to take up the
resolution I offered, setting apart this evening
for the consideration of the Oriental Steamship
Company bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill to reduce tax-
ation is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
we have an evening session, and I expect to-
night to finish the tax bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I move that we take a
recess from half past four to half past seven
this evening, for the purpose of considering
the Mediterranean and Oriental steamship bill
in the evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The latter part
of the motion must be by unanimous consent,
as it is in the nature of a resolution.
Mr, McDONALD. Well, I move a recess
from half past four to half past seven to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The motion for a recess was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas that I will antagonize the
tax bill unless it is finished by half past four.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibbsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 32)
to prevent the extermination of fur-bearing
animals in Alaska, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (II. It. No. 1004) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes, and
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. William II. Kelsuy of New York, Mr.
Thomas Pitch of Nevada, and Mr. J. B. Beck
of Kentucky, managers at the same on its part.
Tho message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (Li. R. No. 1714) to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. Thomas A. Jenck.es
of Rhode Island, Mr. II. C. Calki>, of New
York, and Mr. S. \V. Kki.logg of Connecticut,
managers at the same on its pari.
The message further anuounced that the
House had passed the following bills of the
Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 167), amendatory of an act
to protect the rights of actual settlers upon the
public lands of the United States, approved
July 27, 18G8, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 495) to confirm entries of
public land in certain cases in the State of
Alabama; and
A bill (S. No. 722) to establish the western
judicial district of Wisconsin.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:.
An act (H. 11. No. 230) to require the hold-
ing of additional district and circuit courts of
the United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 240) concerning the dis-
trict, court of the United States for the district
of Iowa;
An act (II. R. No. 253) authorizing the allow-
ance of the claim of the State of Minnesota to
lands for the support of a State university;
An act (H. R. No. 386) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved, March 2, 1867 ;
An act(H. R. No. 489) to authorize the con-
struction and maintenance of a bridge across
the Niagara river ;
An act (H. R. No. 1904) for the relief of
James C. Strong;
An act (II. R. No. 2277) supplementary to
an act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers;
A joint resolution (II. li. No. 21C) relative
to the Champaign County (Ohio) Monumental
Association; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 251) authoriz-
ing Surgeon George E. Cooper, of the United
States Army, to accept a gilt from the Govern-
ment of France in acknowledgment of services
rendered.
personal explanation.
Mr. SCHURZ, Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent of the Senate to make a per-
sonal explanation.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. TheChairhears
no objection.
Mr. SCHURZ. My attentionhasbeen called
to the^ Washington correspondence of the New
York Times of yesterday, in which it is stated
that the protocol preliminary to the San Do-
mingo treaty got into the report of the inves-
tigating committee in some mysterious way;
aud there are certain charges against me per-
sonally in that article.
I ant not in the habit of taking notice of
any newspaper charges, and would not in this
case but for the fact that I am accused of hav-
ing procured the publication of that protocol
in a surreptitious maimer, which would seem
to involve the complicity of others. I deem it
my duty, therefore, to give a statement of
facts. First I will read that portion of the
article which refers to the matter:
" It [meaning the protocol] was not called for by
the committee, nor furnished by the Secretary of
fetate. It was shown in confidence to Mr. Sum.vkh
some months ago, when his conversutiousled people
to believe he was favorable to (he treaty, and it was
ioisted upon the committee by Mr. Sciicez without
reason or explanation, and apparently with the do-
liberate purpose of stabbing the President. It had
no relation to the memorial or ease of Mr. Hatch,
which was under investigation, and was brought out
in such a way that its malicious purpose was sure to
bo fully accomplished before the facts of the ca.se
which surrounded it, and which were not brought
out witti it, could he made public and neutralize its
purpose. Ihere is nothing whatever in it, or in the
i resident s subsequent action on the subject, to war-
rant the assumption attempted to be drawn from it,
that any lllegitimale action was ever even contem-
plated by hnu. Senator Schurz and his triple alli-
ance will havo to try usain.''
'lhe facts in the ease are these: the jirst
knowledge the investigating committee ob-
