3090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill evidently needs
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it ought to be
looked into. It had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and will be passed over. j
cowan and dickinson.
The next bill on the Calendar waa the bill
(S. No. 764) for the relief of Cowan & Dick-
inson, of Knoxville, Tennessee.
The bill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate $64,128 to the firm of Cowan & Dickin-
son, of Knoxville, Tennessee,_ in full compen-
sation for two hundred and fifty-six bales of
cotton belonging to them, seized and taken by
order of General Bumside, on the 17th and
18th days of November, 1863, and used in the
fortifications for the defense of Knoxville and
the army, at the time of the assault by the
forces under General Longstreet and the sub-
sequent seizure of that city, and of which cot-
ton said firm have been wholly deprived.
Mr. SHERMAN. What became of the cot-
ton? Is there a report?
Mr. PRATT. There is one word in that bill
which is misprinted. It is printed "seizure,"
when it should be "siege," in the phrase
u siege of that city." The report is rather a
long one, but as the amount appropriated in
the bill is large, I dare say the Senate would
like to hear the facts. I do not call for the
reading of the report unless some Senator de-
sires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report
submitted by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 7th of April; but when a few
paragraphs had been read,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That case involves a
▼ery considerable amount. I wish to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana why it should not
go to the Court of Claims, which has jurisdic-
tion of the most of the cotton cases? That
court has been investigating a great many of
them, not perhaps exactly like this ; but if the
Court of Claims has not jurisdiction of this par-
ticular case, why not give it j urisdictionand send
it there ? This testimony is ex parte ; it is the
statement of the parties themselves. I know
nothing of the claim; it may be entirely just
and proper, but it seems to me that a claim of
this character ought to go before the Court of
Claims, that has been investigating the ques-
tion of loyalty and ownership of cotton and all
about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I would add one further
remark to what the Senator from Illinois has
said. It seems to me that it is imprudent in
us to undertake to deal with these cases one
by one. They ought to be dealt with in some
general way, on some gfeneral principle, either
through the Court of Claims or through a com-
mission. Let the Court of Claims report upon
them or a commission report upon-them. Then
we shall see them all together; we shall see
what they amount to and what is their charac-
ter, and we can act accordingly. BntI confess
' myself very much at fault in undertaking to
act upon a case like this presented singly. Of
course if we act favorably it will be a pre-
■ cedent, and we must act in the same way on
the next case and the next case.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us pass it over.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I was merely
throwing out whatseemed to me a general idea
- applicable to this class of cases, and I doubt
seriously whether it is advisable for us to
undertake to deal with them singly. We ought
to aet on them on some general principle.
Mr. PRATT. I can say to the Senators from
Illinois and Massachusetts that if they would
listen to the report and to the evidence which
this report contains it wonld leave, I think,
no doubt oa their minds of the equitable claim
of this firm of Cowan & Dickinson upon the
Government for payment for their two hun-
, dred and fifty-six bales of cotton that were lost.
There is no doubt in the minds of the commit-
tee about the facts, namely, that this much cot-
ton was appropriated and used in the defense
of Knoxville; that it has been really lost to
the owners; that the owners were men of un-
questionable loyalty; that they never have
derived a single penny from all this cotton;
that it was taken in the fall of 1863, and they
have been diligently prosecuting their claim
against the Government through the Depart-
ments and before Congress ever since.
After the exhausting examination of the evi-
dence in the case by the committee I do not
myself see anything to be gained by referring
this case to the Court of Claims. We have
evidence of the very highest nature from the
War Department of the appropriation of this
cotton, and of its value ana of its loss, and that
the claimants in this case have never received
a dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. How was it lost?
Mr. PRATT. I will proceed to state. It
was put into the fortifications, and while in the
fortifications, before it was gathered and taken i
to the depot, there were some ninety bales that,
through the inattention and carelessness of the
officers in charge of the fortifications, were
stolen or taken away during the night time.
At all events, they can furnish no other theory
upon which it was lost. At any rate, the cotton
bales were minus ninety when they came to .
gather them and take them to the depot. When
the remainder were taken to the depot they
were put in an exposed situation, left uncov-
ered, exposed to the elements without any
protection or guard whatever, and through the
carelessness of some boys the remainder of the
cotton was burned, the greater part of it. The
Government did send forward some twenty
bales, I think, to Louisville, which were sold
and the proceeds have gone into the Treasury,
and it appropriated and used several bales.
The report, if the Senate will listen to it, will
show the disposition of all the cotton. It is a
case of very great merit, in my judgment. The
committee placed the very lowest estimate they
could upon the value of this cotton, fifty cents
a pound. That is the basis of the bill reported
in favor of the claimants. I am satisfied that
if the Senate have the patience to listen to this
report and to the evidence there will not remain
a doubt upon any one's mind that these claim-
I ants ought to be paid every dollar awarded
1 them by this bill.
I ought to add, in favor of this claim, that the
committee were not approached by an agent.
If there is any agent representing this claim in
the city I have failed to discover him.
' Mr. HOWE. As an individual I have no
sort of objection, if it is thought best by the
Senate, that this case should go to theCourt
of Claims. In reference to the suggestion of
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
I want to say that my own judgment is, after
several years' experiment, that the idea of
getting a general law for the settlement of such
claims as this is utterly impracticable. There
is a bill pending here, and has been some two
, months, which proposes to authorize the Com-
missary General and the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to settle for such stores as they have taken
respectively. That question has been debated
here at considerable length. The bill has not
been passed yet, and I do not expect to live
to see it passed: and if such a law cannot be
passed, certainly you cannot establish a general
rule for the settlement of such claims as this.
I think the Senate will insist that they shall be
tried severally, and tried by some tribunal.
Hitherto Congress have insisted upou exclud-
ing the jurisdiction of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, the Commissary General, the Auditors,
the Court of Claims, and everybody but them-
selves, and have been very distrustful of them-
selves in the settlement of these matters. But
my judgment has been from the beginning that
the Court of Claims was the fittest tribunal
to determine such cases as this, and if the Sen-
I ate will adopt that conclusion and act upon it
|i it will be a great relief to the Senate, a great
relief to the Committee on Claims, and I be-
lieve a great relief to claimants themselves ;
but I wisn if this case goes there that the Senate
will be prepared to send other cases in the
same direction.
Mr. SUMNER. I would not now undertake
to prejudge this case at all; but I fall back upon
a remark I made a moment ago, that it seems
to me not advisable to act on this alone; and
on that account, and, as I say, without intend-
ing to express any definitive opinion on the
case, I object now to its further consideration,
and I do it in the hope that some system may
be matured by which adequate justice shall be
done in all these cases, not to any one, not
particularly to any one who may succeed in
obtaining the favor of one of our committees
and the potential support of the Senator from
Indiana, but that all of them may be treated
alike by being considered before the Court of
1 Claims or before a commission. I am not so
distrustful as my friend from Wisconsin is, I
; think that we may get through Congress a
general measure that shall deal with all these
cases. Let the Senator bring his ability to it
I and his knowledge, and I am sure he will be
succgssfill.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection for one moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. HOWE. I feel called upon to say on
behalf of the Committee on Claims that I think
one remark that dropped from the mouth of
the Senator was dropped inadvertently, and
i upon the whole he will not care to stand upon
it. It is the suggestion that bills are brought
forward here only from time to time as indi-
vidual claimants can secure the favor of com-
mittees. I do not know but that the Senator's
observation of the bills reported here from the
Committee on Claims has led him to the con-
clusion that claimants are indebted to the favor
of that committee when they get a report in
their favor. That is not my judgment of the
matter. I have really supposed that the Com-
mittee on Claims considered these matters
somewhat conscientiously.
Mr. SUMNER. I know they do.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says aside that he
IrnAva t nov n rt
Mr. SUMNER. I say it openly; and now
allow me to interrupt my friend to say that he
has entirely misinterpreted the language that
I employed. I certainly had no such idea as
he attributes to me. No one in this Chamber
knows better than I do the fidelity and con-
science and ability that my friend brings to his
duties. I feel that always, and I defer very
much to his judgment. If I used an accidental
phrase I hope the Senator will overlook it.
j Mr. HOWE. I only wanted to call the Sen-
i ator's attention to the words he used. I did
i not want to put any idea in his mouth. I
thought the words were inadvertently used, and
I am sure they did the Committee on Claims
injustice. I do not speak, of course, of myself;
but I think the committee is a very laborious
one, and I think I am authorized to say it is a
conscientious one.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President •
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is objected to.
I hope there will be no further discussion
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
! Kansas objects to further discussion.
! Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from West
Virginia desires to explain I will withdraw the
i objection.
Mr. WILLEY. i simply wish to remind the
Senate that there has not been a session since
I the end of the war when the friends of these
i claims and of justice and of the honor and
' integrity of the nation have not been pressing
upon the consideration of Congress the pro-
: priety of organizing a special commission tor
! the examination of such claims ; and it now we
are to be remitted to any relief that is to come
from that quarter it will never come at all.
i But what I rose more especially to say is
