1202
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
endeavored to find out exactly their employ-
ment and the work done by them. With that
information before them, they regulated as
seemed best to them this matter of clerks, and
reported back to the House the number pro-
vided for in the resolution which was adopted
by the House some time ago. But this is a
crying evil, and Bome method should be adopted
by the House to protect the contingent fund of
the House from the continual assaults made
upon it by resolutions for the employment of
clerks sent to the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot for my life under-
stand how my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,] and,
if he is going to follow his lead, how the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] are going
to accomplish the object they propose to them-
selves by this amendment. If I understand the
drift of the argument of my colleague it is this:
there is great inequality, or inequity now in
the arrangement of the compensation of the
clerks of the different committees, and he con-
cedes what is asserted by the chairman of the
Committea on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,]
that under the present compensation of many
of them there is a continual war carried on
upon the contingent fund of the House—a sort
of grab game, in which the effort is made from
session to session to see who can get the most
in the form of compensation to clerks of com-
mittees.
Now, to obviate that the gentleman proposes
to strike out all that is now fixed by law, for
the purpose of having a law passed upon the
subject; to undo everything that has been done,
for the purpose of doing it all over again. He
begins by proposing to strike out the provision
now made by law for clerks of four committees.
Why? Does he say they receive too much?
Not at all. Does he say he is not satisfied with
the compensation proposed to be given them?
Not at all. What then? Their compensation
is now provided by law, and he would strike
it out in order to provide hereafter by law for
them and for others. Now, it seems to me
much more reasonable to leave that done, if it be
well done, which is done, and then do some-
thing more for the clerks of other committees.
So far as the clerk of my own committee is
concerned, I do not think he needs any defense
here, and I am very snre if he does he has no
time to make it for himself, for he is kept too
busy upon other matters to defend himself
against any pretext that he gets too much of
the public money. He has been occupied all
the time, during the vacation as well as dur-
ing the session ; during evenings as well as in
the daytime; pretty much all the twenty-four
hours except those necessary for the purposes
of eating and sleeping. I do not suppose the
gentleman who submits this amendment will
say that he is overpaid for his services.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all, the gentle-
man says. Now, the salary of that clerk is
provided by law, which fixes his compensation.
It seems to me it would be wiser to let the law
stand, so far as there have been enactments
upon the subject, and if the gentleman wants
reformslethiin direct his efforts to those regions
of space where all is yet unsettled, instead of
seeking to uproot what is now done in order
to do something else. I hope this amendment
will not prevail, for it will be only undoing
something that we may do it over again.
Mr., AKNELL. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew the
amendment to the amendment. My colleague
[Mr. Schbnok] knows too well the influence
of the four leading committees of this House
to make the point on me that I had better let
those four' committees alone, and leave the
other committees to settle this matter for them-
selves as they best can. I know very well if
those four committees are provided with clerks
by law, then there will be from forty to forty-
five members of this House who will have no
interest whatever in seeing that proper pro- i
vision in that respect is made for. the. other
committees. _ _
Now, let us examine this for a moment. _ By
what process of equity or of equal distribu-
tion or desert does the gentleman say that the
Committee of Claims, for instance, should have
their clerks paid $2,160, while the clerk of the
Committee on Appropriations is paid $2,592?
How is it that there is made just this little dif-
ference of a very few dollars between those
committees? Can it be said that that is a sim-
ple, equitable mode of distributing the salaries
of clerks of committees of this House ?
And how comes it that the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs receives six dollars i
per day the whole year through for the two
years of a Congress, including the long vaca-
tion, while the clerk of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, which meets and has
now been meeting for six weeks past every
day of the week, gets but $4 80 per day during
the session of the House only ? So long as
some of these committees are comfortably pro-
vided for gentlemen of those committees have
no interest in adjusting this whole question.
The point I make is that this whole arrange-
ment with reference to the pay of committee
clerks has hitherto been a matter of caprice or
of accident, depending upon the fortunate or
unfortunate state of temper prevailing in the
House when resolutions have been offered for
the allowance of such pay. I propose, there-
fore, that all existing arrangements with refer-
ence to this subject shall be knocked into "pi,"
as the printers would say, that the matter may
be set up again. How can that be done? There
are in this bill two provisions with reference
to the pay of committee clerks. One is this
clause, providing for the pay of four committee
clerks; and the other is a clause yet to be read
by the Clerk, making an appropriation, in gross
for the payment of clerks to committees and
temporary clerks of the House, under which
clause all the other clerks are paid. Now, I
know no better way to accomplish the object
at which I am arriving than that which I now
fropose. I will not insist upon it strenuously.
have said all that I desire to say upon the
question. The committee will decide it as
may be deemed best.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
agree to sit till half past four o'clock, only a
quarter of an hour hence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think we have sat long
enough to-day.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, this sub-
ject of clerks of committees has been one of
the evils, and by no means the smallest evil,
connected with the organization of this House.
We attempted to correct the evil during the
last Congress by referring the subject to the
Committee on Accounts, with what success
my colleague, [Mr. Arnell,} a member of
that committee, has told us. I hope, I may
say I believe, that a reform has been effected.
The evil which we sought to remedy did not
arise with reference to the clerks of the princi-
pal committees, for whom a stated salary was
provided; but the trouble was that a great
many committees who had no business for a
clerk to do contrived to get clerks. Commit-
tees that hardly ever met from one end of a
Congress to the other had clerks drawing daily
pay during the whole session, and sometimes
during the whole year. But the clerk in such
cases was not idle. He was in the service of
the chairman of the committee, to whom he
owed his appointment. He was kept employed
in writing the letters of the chairman, in frank-
ing his documents, in keeping up a newspaper
correspondence, and letting the country at large
know the great things that his principal was
doing, or was about to do. He was a general
herald for the man to whom he owed , his ap-
pointment. He was a creature of the chair-
man of the committee; such was the arrange-
ment recognized by both the parties. This
-practice was an evil, and in some Congresses
.in which I have served it was a very marked
evil, members appointing their own sons as
committee clerks—a system of gross nepotism
discreditable to everybody concerned. Such
have been the evils of this system of commit-
tee clerks.
There are committees that demand from
their clerks constant and most important ser-
vices, and in such cases the pay should be
liberal. There are many such committees.
But there are, as we know, other committees
that never meet, that have no committee-room,
that never make a report. We are only re-
minded of their existence when we go to the
Doorkeeper's desk and look over a list of the
committees. The allowance of clerks to such
committees is an evil which ought to be reme-
died. It is an evil which we have attempted
to remedy, and which, as I infer from the
remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Arnell,] we
have to some extent succeeded in remedying.
I trust that this matter will be thoroughly
understood, and that whatever action may be
taken will be taken with a view to the thorough
correction of this evil, so that hereafter clerks
shall not be obtained for committees that have
nothing in the world for a clerk to do.
Mr. DAWES. All that the gentleman from
Tennessee has said in reference to clerks is
true; but it does not apply to this bill. As to
these four clerks, no one suggests that it is
improper to pay them what the bill proposes to
i appropriate for them. As to the other clerks,
this bill has nothing to do with the matter.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to askthe gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, a question. I should
like to know what good reason there is for in-
cluding the clerk of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands in' this bill upon a fixed yearly salary.
My knowledge of the duties of that committee
lead me to believe this clerk ought not to be
made a salaried officer. I belong to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, which has a
good many investigations to make growing out
of these lands, and I feel that this clerk ought
not to be made a salaried officer, but ought to
be put upon the same footing as the clerks of
other committees.
Mr. DAWES. I have no more knowledge
on the subject than the gentleman has; but I
understand that this appropriation has been
made from time to time.
Mr. WELKER. It was put on here for the
i first time at the first session of the present
| Congress. At the proper time I shall move to
i strike out these words in lines one hundred and
nine and one hundred and ten: " clerk to the
Committee on the Public Lands, $2,160."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
withhold his amendment until action has been
had on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the friends of
the section have the right to perfect it before
the question is taken on the motion to strike
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to per-
fect the section is in order if the gentleman
presses It.
Mr. WELKER^ I do not care to offer my
amendment now.
The amendment of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was rejected.
Mr. WELKER. I move to strike out the
i words "clerk to the Committee on the Public
Lands, $2,160." . T
Mr. Chairman, since I made that motion 1
see that the chairman of the Committee pn the
Public Lands [Mr. Julian] has come in and
is now in his seat. I stated from my knowl-
edge of the business of that committee it is
not necessary to make its clerk a salaried otn
cer. I believe the clerk of this committee, so
far as compensation is concerned, should
put upon the same footing as thn clerks o
nearly all the other committees. The cnang
