4084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
torial and offensive in the highest degree in its
administration ; faults which, notwithstanding
all the proojises of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] cannot be reformed. A man
must, under oath, disclose all the sources'of
his revenue, even the names and amounts of
the very securities from which revenue comes,
" although that income may be less than $100
per year, in order that the assessor may be
sure that the revenue is not $1,000 per year.
No reduction in the amount of the percentage
of impost can cure the abominable evils, which
are so great and so annoying that a people
would be almost justified in resorting to rev-
olution to end them. These answers are fre-
quently to be given to political or personal
enemies, and wo all know that the information
derived from the responses to queries made
under and by virtue of this act are used for
the basest and most rascally purposes.
Eighth. Because it maintains a political
army, paid by all the people, to sustain and
perpetuate the political ascendency of one
party and to keep that party's patronageintact.
And because of the existence of this reason I
confess I have but little hope of the blotting out
of this odious tax while the Republican party
remains in power.
Ninth. Because it exposes the poverty of
the poor and hinders and prevents the credit
of the honest indigent, and aids the means and
designs of the dishonest.
Tenth. Because it enables a political party
in power, by its assessorsand tax-gatherers, to
excuse active partisans and favorites from levy
or assessment.
Eleventh'. Because it violates the rules of
taxation laid down by eminent political econ-
omists.
I need only recite several short rules from
that erudite economist, Adam Smith. He says:
"The tax which cach individual is bound to pay
ought to be certain and not arbitrary. The time of
payment, the manner of payment, the quantity to
bo paid, ought to be clear and plain to the contrib-
utor and to overy other person.
"Every tax ouf?ht to bo levied at the time and in
the manner in which it is most convenient for the
contributor to pay it.
" Every tax oughttobeso contrived asbothtotako
out and to keep out of the pockets of tho people as
littlo as possible over and above what it brings into
tile public treasury of the State."
This tax requires a great number of officers,
whose salaries are an additional tax. It in-
duces attempts at evasion, and then by its for-
feitures and penalties deprives the community
of so much capital, which might, under a judi-
cious system, have been profitably employed.
It has been twice levied in a single year. It
lays a tax on industry and economy, and im-
poses a penalty upon people for having worked
harder and saved more than their neighbors.
Taxes should be in proportion to income and
ability to pay, but not upon income alone. The
manufacturers were relieved two years ago
from special taxes to the amount of over
$70,000,000, and as a general thing their
prices are not reduced an iota, although gold
has descended from 150 to 11-1. Tho poorman
pays in almost every instance, for every kind
of manufactured article, as much now as he did
before the repeal of the tax. Its continuance
is a skillful move, if I mistake not, of our Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pave his way to the
presidential chair by boasting that he has
accomplished a large reduction in the public
debt.
Twelfth. Because it compels the industrious
and thrifty, who save part of their income and
invest it in remunerative property, to pay the
tax twice, once on the income and then on the
interest arising from the income when invested,
while the spendthrift pays it but once. In
fact, Mr. Speaker, I know of no tax so odious
as this. The reduction of the percentage will
in no wise relieve us of the odiousness of the
tax or the expense of its collection. The true
way of taxing capital is to tax the United States
bonds held by the rich corporations and wealthy
bondholders.
Mr. ATWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of retaining the income tax. I would prefer a
modification that would exempt $2,000, pay
three per cent, upon amounts of income be-
tween $2,000 and $5,000, and five per cent,
on the excess of $5,000. This I believe would
more nearly meet the real questions at issue
than any proposition that has been suggested.
The exemption of $2,000 will relieve all who
are really poor. The excess between $2,000
and $5,000 will reach a class entitled to some
consideration. There are many residing in
large cities whose income may exceed $2,000,,
and whose expenses of living may also neces-
sarily exceed that amount. For the benefit
of this class I would fix three per cent, as the
tax. When the net income exceeds $5,000
there can be no oppression in the five per cent,
tax.
A few words as to this income tax in gen-
eral. It is claimed that the people demand its
repeal. This is not so to any great extent. It
does not reach the masses of the people, and
those it does not reach certainly do not clamor
for its repeal. This cry comes from the wealthy,
and very naturally so. The papers in large
cities advocate it; those from the smaller
towns, located in the country, and reflecting
much more correctly the sentiments of the
masses of the people, do not ask for its repeal,
but rather demand its continuance. Shall we
legislate for the rich few or for the great mass
of the people ? For one, I am for the many
and for the poorer classes.
This tax is pronounced unpopular. What
tax is not so considered? It was my fortune
as an assessor to execute the internal revenue
law in my distiict when it first went into oper-
ation. Every portion of it was unpopular; but
the people knew and felt the necessity of it,
and yielded willingly to its requirements. The
income tax was no more unpopular than any
other portion of the law, except with the few
wealthy men it reached. Its execution is at-
tended with considerable labor, but it may be
done without special inconvenience or annoy-
ance if the officers understand their duty. It
would be a great improvement if in the machin-
ery of the law it could be so arranged that the
income tax could be levied earlier in the year;
the sooner after the 1st day of January the
better. Then the books of the year are bal-
anced, and the returns could be more readily
made, and would be more willingly done than
if not demanded for several months after that
time, as has been heretofore the case. The
odiousness of this or of any other feature of
the revenue law depends very much upon the
manner of the officers executing it; more upon
the assistant assessors than upon any other
persons.
This income tax is a tax upon the real wealth
of the country, and as such is the most just
and least oppressive tax that is collected from
the people. The fortunes of the rich are really
earned by the labor of the poor, and the rev-
enue derived from this tax will save the grind-
ing out of that amount from the laborers of tho
country in some other form of taxation. There
is no pretense that the repeal of this tax would,
in the most indirect manner, relieve the poorer
classes. The rich would make no less money
if the law were repealed ; they would simply
save more, to the extent of their income tax;
the poorer classes would receive no better
wages, nor would they receive goods of any
kind at lower prices. There is no real, sub-
stantial argument that can be made for the
repeal of this law so long as an internal rev-
enue law is necessary at all.
I am glad to hear from distinguished gentle-
men all around me, who desire the repeal of
this law, that the revenue of the country can
and should be reduced. This will be good
news to the people al large. It will enliven the
spirits of the millions whose daily bread is
earned by the sweat of their brows. But these
same hearts would be saddened if Congress
should relieve the rich of this income tax and
give them no benefit. As I remarked, I am
glad the revenues can be reduced. Let it be
done where the whole people will feel it. If
nothing more can be done, let the duty be taken
off of tea and coffee entirely. This would reach
and relieve almost every family in the land
without interfering with any home industry or
production, and would not reduce the revenue
more than would the repeal of the income tax.
I trust this relief may be granted.
So long as an. internal revenue law ia a
necessity, so long, in my opinion, should the
income tax stand. I would cut off every other
item in it, except the tax on spirits and tobacco,
before I would cut off the income tax. This
view, I feel assured, would be sustained by the
great mass of the people of the country. This
tax, as it would be imposed under the amend-
ment I suggest, would be entirely free from
oppression, would be just in itself, and would
derive a revenue that would admit of a decrease
from some other source of taxation that would
be really beneficial to the country at large.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, as I intimated
yesterday, I am anxious that the largest pos-
sible reduction of taxes shall be made, and
that it shall be made in such a way as to re-
duce the expense and machinery in the inter-
nal revenue department. I therefore voted to
retain the stamps on checks and matches,
which yield nearly three million dollars with-
out requiring the services of an additional
employe; and I favor the repeal of the in-
come tax, because it involves more agents in
proportion to the amount collected than any
other branch of the service. There is but one
stamp agent. But there were employed on the
20th of last month in the internal revenue de-
partment twenty-six hundred and seventy-one
persons in making the assessment of taxes;
twenty-six hundred and seventy-one assessors
and assistant assessors, at such salaries as
gentlemen are familiar with.
I am for reducing the taxes so systematic-
ally that we.shall soon be able to look to spir-
its, malt liquor, tobacco, banks and bankers'
stamps, and amusements for all the inter-
nal revenue we will require, and thus relieve
the capital and industry of the country of the
weights which keep us behind other nations
in the race for commercial supremacy.
Gentlemen assume that the rich pay this
tax.^ True, it is collected from them. But,
sir, in the normal condition of trade the con-
sumers pay all taxes. The farmer and the
laborer pay the income tax. It is charged up
like rent, insurance, the wages of labor, and
other expenses in the accounts of the mer-
chant or manufacturer, and goes into the price
of the articles consumed by the people at large.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not a tariff tax paid
in the same way ?
Mr. KELLEY. The working men and
women of the cities of the East, to whom
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pomekoy] so
pathetically alluded, are better instructed in
social science and political economy than he,
and understand this. I know no man or
woman in my district who does not hope to
see this income tax abolished.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not propose to yield
to the gentleman or any one else, when I have
only five minutes, on a question like this.
Mr. Speaker, I say that no law upon our
statute-books is in its administration so un-
equal as the provisions under which theincome
tax is collected. The man who earns $5,000
by hard professional labor or the superintend-
ence of a great workshop, pays the same tax
as the man who has the same income from
accumulated wealth. Let them both die, and
the professional man's family will be left in
poverty, while the family of the capitalist will
still have $5,000 a year to support them. In
such cases it is a tax on the intellectual and
other labor of the country, and no theory can
justify such a tax. It is unequal in its exemp-
tions. The man who makes his return ii
