1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3091
this: half an hour or more ago we passed a
bill of an almost identical character, for almost
an identical aroouut of cotton, used for the .
identical purpose, and lost in a manner very j
similar. What is the difference? Ihe claim-
ant in that case lives in Missouri, these claim-
ants live in Tennessee; and that ia tho only
differeuce. Are not these claimants as loyal
as the claimant whose bill was passed halt an
hour ago'/ Is not the evidence in this case
muck more positive and clear? And simply
because a loyal roan lives in Tennessee is lie
not to have meted to him the same justice as
a loyal man living in Missouri? Sir, we can-
not afford much longer to deter justice to these
loyal men of the South. We may wive a few
paltry dollars, but we cannot save our credit
or the honor and character of the nation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we have passed abill
just like this I think we ought to reconsider it.
I was not aware that we had passed just such a
bill as this.
Mr. PRATT. Precisely such a bill as this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it? I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill in refer-
ence to the Missouri case was passed. I was
not aware we had passed just such & bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to the reconsider-
ation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I enter the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is that in order?
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a remark
on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
nnanimons consent. The Senator from Kansas
having objected, the bill is not before the
Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I think the Senator from
Kansas will withdraw his objection for m mo-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee asks uuanimons consent to be
heard on the question of the bill for the relief
of Cowaa & Dickinson.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the objection
If the Senator wants to make an explanation.
Mr. WILSON. This is a violation of the
understanding.
Mr. FO WLER. This is a most singular trans-
action, Mr. President. Allusion has already
been made to the case from Missouri which
passed without any objection this morning. I
suppose of all the cases that have been brought
before the Senate of the United States on the
subject of claims, from any section whatever,
this is the most meritorious one. As far as
the loyalty of the parties is concerned I know
of no more illustrious instance that has ever
come before the American people than that
of this claimant, Mr. Dickinson. In the dark-
est days of the rebellion under no circum-
stances did he waver from his purpose. He
was marched into the confederate court under
a squad of soldiers with drawn bayonets and
ordered to take the oath of allegiance to the
confederacy, and he said to them: '1 Gentle-
men, my ancestors came to this country in the
Mayflower. I have learned to love the Gov-
ernment of the United States down to this
time; it is my Government. That which you
represent is not mine, and you can under no
circumstances compel me to take the oath
of allegiance to your government.1' And he
walked out of the court without taking that
oath, and never did take it, but used all his
influence and all his efforts to restore the au-
thority of the Government of the United States
in that section of country; and of all the men
of East Tennessee he is by far the most distin-
guished for the purity of his loyalty and for his
political principles. And now, after having
sustained this loss for so long a time; after
having maintained himself under these circum-
stances ; after having been denied justice from
his Government this long period, at the pres-
ent time to have his claim postponed, with the
bare hope that at some time or other a com-
mission may be appointed to adjust it, I think
is extremely hard and unjust.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
0. N. CUTLER.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
As I understand the rule we are acting under,
no business is in order except the business on
the Calendar, and that only when not objected
to. Now, a short time ago a bill was passed
I here which has once before passed the Senate
: in a former Cougress. In this Congress it has
already passed the House. I refer to the claim
of 0. N. Cutler. It came up in its order on
the Calendar. The report was read and the
bill passed. Just now the claim of Cowan &
Dickinson came up, and in the course of the
discussion upon that it was remarked by some
Senator, I do not know by whom, that it was
precisely the case of 0. N. Cutler. 1 think that
: Senator was mistaken. The facts are certainly
very different; but whether it involves differ-
: ent principles or not is a question about which
a good deal could be said, perhaps, on both
sides. I think it involves a different principle.
But taking advantage of the suggestion, the
Senator from Illinois moves to reconsider the
vote by which that bill passed. It seems to
me that under the rule we are now acting upon
he has not the right to interpose that motion.
It is not in order, as it strikes me; but if he
has that right, and if he insists upon it, it is
just as fatal to the bill for a long- time, and
ferhaps for this session, as anything could be.
hope if the Senator has the right to make
the motion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Wisconsin presents that as a point of
order to the Chair the Chair will decide it. If
he presents it as an appeal to the Senator from
Illinois to withdraw his motion the Senator
from Illinois will decide it.
Mr. HOWE. I did presume upon the pecu-
liar character of the case to submit it to both
of yon at once. I do think it is not in order;
and if it is in order I really hope the Senator
from Illinois will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the point of order so far as it is sub-
mitted to him. He holds that a motion to
reconsider is in order; but by the order adopted
by the Senate it cannot be considered during
the continuance of this order for the consider-
ation of the bills on the Calendar which are
not objected to.
Mr. POMEROY. Themotion can be entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can
be entered, and that is all that can be done,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In answer to the appeal
of my friend from Wisconsin I will say that I
have not looked into the case of Cutler; but
when the case of Cowan & Dickinson came
up it seemed to me to involve a-very important
principle, whether we should pay for cotton
that was used by our Army in erecting fortifi-
cations; and if we pay for cotton I do not
know why we should not pay for the earth that
was used, for the timber that was used, and
for everything that was used by our Army in
the South in erecting fortifications, and there-
fore I was not willing that the Dickinson case
should pass in this way without an opportunity
of examining it. I was then informed by
the Senator^ from West Virginia that the
Cutler case involved precisely the same prin-
ciple. I was in the Senate when the case of
Cutler passed and asked to have the report
read, but I was interrupted by being called
aside, and by other matters, at the moment,
and did not understand fully the Cutler case.
Now, when informed that it involves the same
principle, I am bound to say that I am unwill-
ing to sit here and allow a claim to pass in
favor of one party that I object to passing in
favor of another party when the principle is
the same, and therefore I feel bound to inter-
pose my motion to reconsider, and I will look
at the case and the report, and if it does not
involve this same principle, then I shall take
great pleasure in withdrawing the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that hp is
informed by the Secretary of a matter which
somewhat complicates this under the order
under which the Senate is now acting. This
is a House bill, and when it passed the Senate
the fact was communicated to the House of
Representatives. That communication haa
been made. The motion to reconsider, there-
fore, can only be entertained by first agreeing
to a resolution calling the bill back from the
House.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But that cannot
be done during the execution of this order, but
may be done to-morrow or the next legislative
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL But that would be a
privileged question. It was not intended cer-
tainlytoprevent motions to reconsider. I make
the motion for the necessary order to be entered,
if it requires an order. I did not suppose the
fact of the passage of the bill had beeu commu-
nicated so quicklv to the other House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that it has been.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make the motion,
then, to recall the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator to hold back
his motion until to-morrow. He will lose no
right by the lapse of time. In the mean time
he can look at the report and see if he cares to
make such a motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill seems to have
gone very hastily to the other House, and very
likely it will be found to be beyond our reach
if this motion is not made now. I think the
,: motion had better be made at once.
II Mr. HOWE. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the Sen-
ator can object to a privileged motion of this
kind. It relates to the business that is trans-
piring.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true; but
all resolutions by a positive rule of the Senate
must lie over one day if objected to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that apply to a
resolution to reconsider? This is a part of the
reconsidering resolution. Suppose this were
the last day for a reconsideration; suppose this
bill passed two days ago, and this were the last
day that I could move a reconsideration, should
I lose the right to make the motion? Is that
the understanding? Is a Senator here to lose
the right to move a reconsideration under the
order the Senate is acting upon?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator frdm Illinois that there is
a way in which the majority of the Senate can-
not be frustrated from entertaining a motion
of this kind subject to the rules of the Senate.
The Senator from Illinois can move to rescind
the order which is now being executed. If it
is rescinded, then all business is in order, and
the Senator can then make the motion; but
while this business is being transacted under
the order of the Senate that no other business
shall be transacted, if a Senator objects to
the consideration of a motion for the recall of
the bill, (which is necessary by the usage of
the Senate precedent to entering a motion to
reconsider,) the Chair cannot of course com-
mand the Senate to act upon it by any ruling
from the Chair. This order, however, can be
rescinded by a majority vote, and then the
motion would be in order, but it still would be
subject to the rale that a resolution must lie
over one day if objected to.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not take advantage of
the question of order. The Senator seem3 to
think the public safety requires this disposition
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENTS. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin withdraws the objection.
