1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
in the practice, sofarasthis clerk is concerned,
was made on motion of the geutleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] in the organization of
the Forty-First Congress. Until that time this
clerk was paid the same as the clerks of the
other committees. On his motion it was made
a salaried office, just the same as the others
which are included in this bill.
And now, since we have started upon meas-
ures of reform and are attempting to wipe out
some of the small sins of Congress, it seems to
me this is one of the places to begin, and I
have therefore moved to reduce this clerkship
from a salaried office to the same footing as
other clerkships in this House.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken in saying that this salary was fixed ;
on my motion at the beginning of the Forty- I
FirstCongress.
Mr. WELKER. It was on somebody's
motion.
Mr. JULIAN. It has stood there by order
of the House ever since 1802. It was done on
the motion of the tlien chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, (Mr. Potter,) a
Representative on this floor from the State of
Wisconsin. The question now brought up was
agitated a year ago, and this House decided
that that clerk was properly classified with the
three clerks named. He has not only charge
of the papers and the journal of the proceed-
ings of that committee, but by resolution of the
House he is specially charged with the preser-
vation and care of the land maps of the House,
and the duty of perfecting the mapping, showing
the progress of the surveys and sales of the
public lands. I know or ought to know some-
thing of his duties, having been chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands for several
years, and am now, that if either of the clerks 1
whose employment is on an annual salary has
the right to it this clerk is entitled to his. There
is no reason, and none can be given, why he
should be made an exception to the rule.
Mr. WELKER. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to the appropriation bill of
last year, where there is no appropriation for
the clerk of his committee. The present is
the first occasion when the appropriation for
this clerk appears.
Mr. JULIAN. There was an appropriation
last year, and for every year since 1862. _
Mr. WELKER. I have the appropriation
bill before me, and there is no such appropri-
ation in that bill.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
I find it in the appropriation bill, and the gen-
tleman must have overlooked it.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I want to add my testimony to that of
the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands as to the way in which this salary is
earned. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
ker] is evidently much mistaken as to how
long the salary has been paid, and I think he
is equally mistaken as regards the point of how
far it is deserved. I have been conversant,
during the short period I have been here, with
the business of that committee, and I doubt
whether the clerk of any committee in this
House has more faithfully earned his salary
than the clerk of the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. WELKER, On how many days of the
week do the committee meet ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It has been
meeting regularly twice a week, and occasion-
ally three times a week. We have arranged
for three meetings next week, and there is an
amount of business before the committee which
will require it to meet twice as frequently as it
has done hitherto if its business is to be got
through.
The question being put on Mr. Welker's
amendment, there were, on a division—ayes
40, noes 60 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Welker and
Mr. Julian were appointed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 974, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the House to
the bill (S. No. 435) providing for the tem-
porary relief of poor and destitute people in
the District of Columbia.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, the
House (at four o'clock and thirty minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A preamble and joint
resolution of the General Assembly of Iowa,
instructing Representatives and Senators from
that State to vote for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Denver, Iowa,
for the same purpose.
Also, two petitions of citizens of the State
of Iowa, for the same purpose. |
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Benjamin
O. Weller, postmaster, and 31 others, citizens
of Rockhouse Prairie, Buchanan county, Mis-
souri, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of S. P. Jones, postmaster,
and 100 others, citizens of Quitman, Nodaway
county, Missouri, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of John M. Lamar and 36
others, citizens of Lamar Station, Nodaway
county, Missouri, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of J. P. Pettigrew and 39
others, citizens of DeKalb, Buchanan county,
Missouri, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of John E. Wilder and 37
others, citizens of Central City and vicinity,
Putnam county, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of E. J. Bul-
lock, of Hickman county, Kentucky, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of J. Q. A. King, of
McCracken county, Kentucky, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of William M. Coffee, J.
Corbett, and T. H. Corbett, of Ballard county,
Kentucky, for the same purpose.
Also, the petitions of J. C. Calhoun and
George H. Morrow, of McCracken county,
Kentucky, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James R. Fisher, of
Richmond, Virginia, for relief from political
disabilities.
By Mr. BOLES : A petition of citizens of
Van Buren, Arkansas, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Russellville,
Arkansas, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of 1,000 citizens
of the fourth congressional district of Missouri,
praying for the abolition of the franking law.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Edmund Blood, and 36 others, citi-
zens of West Groton, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the (ranking privilege.
Also, the petition of Linus Bliss and others,
cigar manufacturers. &c., citizens of Dover, in
the county of Norfolk, and State of Massachu-
setts, praying that the duty on imported cigars
should not be reduced, and that thetarifFshould
be restored to the old rates of three dollars a
pound and fifty per cent, ud valorem.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
Elizabeth W. Morgan, widow of Peleg W. Mor-
gan, who died in the naval service of the United
States, asking for a pension.
By Mr. BURR : Petitions of citizens of But-
ler, Illinois, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Samuel Sherry, Thomas
P. Rowen, and others, of Winchester, Illinois,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Petitions of Calvin
Morse and 56 others, citizens of Eaton, New
York; and of Simeon Cole and 42 others, cit-
izens of Oswego, New York, for the abolition
j of the franking privilege.
j By Mr. COBURN : The memorial of David
D. Negley, heretofore referred, March 24,1868.
I By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
of Sodus, Wayne county, New York, for the
I abolition of the franking privilege.
' Also, a petition of citizens of Walworth,
Wayne county, New York, for the same pur-
pose.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: A petition of
sundry citizens of Illinois, for recognition of
Cuba, &c.
Also, a memorial of the Illinois Iron and
Bolt Company, for the reduction of duty on
spring-steel.
Also, divers petitions for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRY : The petitions of Charles
W. Eaton and 153 others, citizens of Grand
Rapids; of E. J. Thomas and 15 others, citi-
zens of Turnerport; of Charles Davidson and
40 others, citizens of Glen Arbor; of Thomas
Lazell and 84 others, citizens of Big Rapids ;
of Edson English and 41 others, citizens of
South Boston ; of E. J. Harrington and 84
others, citizens of Holland ; of R. B. Cornell
and 29 others, citizens of Bostwick Lake ; of
G. H. Shepard and 25 others, citizens of
Odessa; of James Gibbs and 32 others, citi-
zens of Blackberry Ridge ; of M. Sheeler and
40 others, citizens of Howard; of F. P. Miner
and 146 others, citizens of Palo; of C. W.
Cowley and 34 others, citizens of Indian
Creek; of Edward Bottwood and 71 others,
citizens of Grand Haven ; of Charles Kellogg
and 87 others, citizens of Grand Rapids ; of
G. W. Danforth and 29 others, citizens of
Coopersville ; of L. F. Gerrish and 39 others,
citizens of Hersey; of William J. Haughey
and 46 others, citizens of Golding; of A. J.
Ecker and 28 others, citizens of Smyrna ; of
W. P. Andrews and 43 others, citizens of Gull
Lake ; of Z. Whitney and 37 others, citizens
of Belmont; of E. H. Schemerhorn and 38
others, citizens of Pierson; of Morgan Bates
and 97 others, citizens of Traverse City ; of
B. R. Cook and 53 others, citizens of Otisco;
of J. D. Sturtevant and 76 others, citizens of
White Hall; of Nelson M. Conklin and 50
others, citizens of Six Corners ; of John Coffee
and 37 others, citizens of Pleasants ; of P. L.
R. Fisk and 66 others, citizens of Croton;
of Peter Dougherty and 17 others, citizens ot
Omena; of Arusi Lewis and 41 others, citi-
zens of Shelly ; of S. B. Davis and 40 others,
citizens of Central Lake ; of L. P. Champer-
wis and 40 others, citizens of Sherman; ot
George W. Clayton and 20 others, citizens ot
Ludington; of A. M. Elsworth and 201 others,
citizens of Lowell; of Edward 1. Davis and
20 others, citizens of Cedar Run; ot N.
Lamb and 108 others, citizens of Carson City;
of J. H. Clark and 72 others, citizens of Mor-
lev • of J- B. Robinson and 138 others, citi-
zens of Muir; of Charles W. Hall and 37
others, citizens of Indian; of James M. Row-
