1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
flags, carry oar mails, oar passengers, and our
freights. Talk of encouraging the pauper labor
of Europe I Under the specious pretense of
protecting American industry you not only gave
the just profits of labor at home to monopolists,
but have given England the monopoly of your
commerce on the ocean and in your ports.
The facts I have presented leave no doubt
as to the cause of the decline of our commerce.
Under our navigation laws the American citi-
zen cannot purchase a foreign-built ship ; no
vessel can obtain an American registry unless
built in the United States, or unless wrecked
in our waters and purchased as a wreck and
repaired so that the repairs shall equal three
quarters of the value of the vessel. The sub-
stitution of iron for wood in ship-building, and
the enormous duty on iron, an article abso-
lutely free in most commercial nations, render
sliip-building in the United States, in competi-
tion with nations where iron is free and com-
merce is free, impossible. So, sir, under our
restrictive policy our citizens can neither buy
ships abroad, as the German, or Frenchman, or
Italian, or Russian, orHollander, and all other
nationalities do, nor build them at homo; and
so, sir, we drifted from the highways of com-
merce, and France, England, and Germany
seized upon the prize which our ancestors won
so bravely, and appropriated the wealth of our
commerce, even m our own ports. So, sir, we
have managed in the interest of iron monopoly
to foster foreign industry and commercial glory
and have prostrated our own. Now, American
labor is called upon to pay bounties for the
building of ships, and yet the proof is that
after they are built it will require 50 per cent,
more to repair them than in nations where there
are no monopolies. Mr. Roach estimates the
cost of the repairs on the ships of the Uunarct
lino at $9,000,000 a year, and Mr. Nimmo says,
that the tax on a line of ships from one of our
ports with an investment of §3,000,000 would
bo $150,500, while the British tax on such line
would bo only $10,000. (Page 10 of Jiis re-
port.)
A subsidy stands on the same footing as pro-
tection, taxing the whole people for the benefit
of a special interest. It is against the spirit
and genius of the true American system—equal
protection to all, favors to none.
If you specially protect, as you do, copper,
you drive your ships to Nova Scotia and else-
where to be coppered. In specially protecting
the manufacturers of tubes and Hues as you
do, giving the monopoly to 4 establishments—
3 in Pennsylvania and 1 in Massachusetts—yon
break down the building of engines; and so on
to tbeend. If you begin with bounties to cure
the evils of special protection where will it end,
sir? Can the industry of the country bear the
additional burden of paying such bounties for
ship-building? The bounty to be paid to the
ship-builder for the construction of a single
ship equaling in tonnage the average tonnage
of the 117 foreign vessels now carrying our
commerce—2,208 tons—would be at the lowest
figure $66,000. If by such bounties you give
him an equal chance with the builder on the
Clyde or the Tyne, such bounties, to the ex-
tent of competing with these 117 ships, would
be the enormous sum of $>7,722,000. Will the
laboring interests of the country bear this?
Might they not insist that if we cannot build
ships without taxing the labor of the whole
country to pay bounties, it were better that our
merchants should do as the German, French-
man, Englishman, and Italian do and have
done—buy their ships for tile foreign trade as
they do everything else, where they can buy the
cheapest? Yet 1 think that most Americans
will agree that our ship-building should in any
event be protected by confining our coastwise
and domestic trade to American-built ships.
There are public reasons for this which affect
equally the whole country.
The country, sir, cannot afford to pay boun-
ties; the country cannot afford to establish so
dangerous a precedent; and in my judgment,
based upon the facts now before Congress,
ship-building can be revived by removing the
weight that oppresses it. The facts presented
by this report, embodying the opinions of ship-
builders and ship-owners of New York, Wil-
mington, Boston, Portland, and Philadelphia,
establish this fact; ifyou relieve the ship- builder
from the duties imposed on the material enter-
ing into the eonstructionand equipment of ships
ship-building will revive. I stand, sir, by this
proposition : relievo the iron, wood, cordage,
and whatever else enters into the construction
of ships from the tariff; give the ship-builder
his material as free as it is on the Clyde, and
the genius and enterprise of the American me-
chanic will master the situation and will build
ships of iron able to compete with the ships of
England, Frauce, or Germany in the world of
commerce. Reduce the tariff on iron and every-
thing else to the revenue standard and wholly
relieve the ship-builder from the duty, and in-
dustry, sir, will spring up with a new life. You
will have your teeming thousands at work on
iron keels, from Wilmington to the St. Croix,
the moment you relieve industry from the tram-
mels you now impose upon it; and, sir, unless
this nation intends to be left out and unrecog-
nized in the commercial brotherhood of the
nations, we have got to abandon the feudalism
by which we havo trammeled industry during
the last 8 years. Why, sir, we arc permitting
the grandest opportunity for commerce this
or any other land has ever known to pass by
unimproved.
The Pacific railroad was a great achieve-
ment, but it proves an enterprise local to
ourselves, not the highway uniting Asia and
Europe. In our isolated struggle between mo-
nopoly and the rights of labor, with the grim
triumph of the former, we take no part in the
new commercial era. France, fully emanci-
pated from the Middle Ages, leads the van of
universal improvement, unites seas together,
and changes the commercial highways and cur-
rents of the world. While we are passive, tram-
meled, and powerless, the victim of the old age
of monopoly, France emancipates commerce
from even the barrier which nature had im-
posed. Who shall say that the marts of com-
merce will not soon be changed from London,
and Liverpool, and Bremen, and Hamburg to
Cadiz, and Athens, and Alexandria, and Ven-
ice, and Genoa, and the shores of the Medi-
terranean as of old be the chosen seats of the
world's commerce, and even the old Byzan-
tium renew the commercial glory of her youth?
Yes, sir, the Suez canal promises to open up
a new era in commerce. It is a grand achieve-
ment. Trammeled as wo are,we cannot partici-
pate with other nations in its first-fruits. Let
us emancipate labor and set commerce free,
and the enterprise of the American people will
soon be i'elt in the new theater of trade. New
York will not bring the products of India and
the further East across this continent at a cost
of $100 a ton when by the way of the Suez
canal they can import their goods for $16 a
ton. A line of vessels, iron ships, from our
ports to the Mediterranean and the East is
demanded by every public consideration, and
ought not to be delayed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a question?
Mr. HOL.MAN. With pleasure.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to ask the gentleman whether in considering
this question of the decline of ship-building
and of commerce ho has considered the influ-
ence of the excess of currency and its bearing
upon the business of the country, so that this
country becomes a p'iaee for selling and not a
place for buying; encouragingimportation and
discouraging exportation; aud how far this
excess of currency may havo had an influence
upon the ship-building interest by enhancing
the cost of building and sailing ships?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not able to perceive
how the fact of the excess of our imports over
exports would necessarily affect the extent of
our commercial tonnage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. By en-
hancing prices and making this a more expen-
sive country to build and equip ships.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 am able to answer that
question from the hook before me, the report
of the Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage. I will use, sir,
almost the language of many of the gentlemen
connected with the leading navy-yards of the
country, who from theirlong familiarity with the
subject are able to speak with definite exactness.
They say this: relieve from duty the material
which we use in theconstruetion of our ships, and
the superior energy and skill of the American
mechanic will fully make up the difference
between the cost of labor in the United States
and its cost in other countries which engage in
iron sliip-building; we can successfully com-
pete with the builders on the Clyde or elsewhere
ifyou will relieve us from the burden imposed
by the tariff on materials for building ships.
I admit, Mr. Chairman, that recently the idea
of subsidies to ship-builders has sprung up ;
but I undertake to say that the weight of evi-
dence before the country is this, so far as it can
be gathered from thogentlomen best informed
upon the subject—not the commercial man
simply, but the gentlemen who both build and
own ships: that ifyou relieve the materials en-
tering into the construction of ships from duty
the American ship-builder can compete with
the ship builder of any other country. Mr.
Chairman, I have full faith in that statement
from another fact: that across the border which
divides us from the New Dominion wooden
ship-building naturally could have been as well
carried on as at Portland and at points further
south during the last twenty-live years. They
could build ships in Nova Scotia and New
Brunswick with material as cheap as ours ; and
yet it was the United States that furnished ships
to England, France, and Germany. Ourmodels
aud workmanship were better. The English
builder was never able, even with the benefit
of the model upon paper, to come up to the
American ship, and during the age of woode.i
ships England gave the preference to the A mcr-
ican-built ship. The American ship had pri-
ority previous to 1800 over the ships of ail
other nations, even at a greater price; and
to-day, in the judgment of all ship builder:;,
those on the lakes and further south, the ships
} that are, built in the United States now for our
domestic trade arc greatly superior to those built
in the provinces, and as cheap, too, except in
the cost of materials. ,
Therefore, sir, I assume upon the data which
we havo presented that if the duty is removed
from the material enteringinto the construction
of ships the American ship-yards will revive,
and that without bounties, without imposing a
tax upon the whole country for the benefit of
a special interest, which is to protect and build
up another interest—the iron interest of Penn-
sylvania. Aud thus the commerce which bes
been the pride aud gloiy of the Ameiican peo-
ple can be again revived. And the policy which
shall revive our commerce, which shall animate
with a new and hopeful vigor our ship-yaids
without other bounty than even-handed justici.
will renew the youth of all the industries of this
broad land. Let the days of monopoly be num-
bered; relieve labor from tho servitude of an
oppressed tariff; reduce that tariff to the lowest
point consistent with the necessities of the Gov-
ernment; reduce the national expenditure, as
can be done, to $220,000,000; deal in good faith
with the people in the payment of the pubhc
debt, and there will be no necessity for bounties
