4086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
If in fevying a tax upon incomes you raise
the sum to be exempted to $2,000 it ceases to
be, as heretofore, a tax upon the living of a
host of those who have to pay this tax, but a
tax upon property accumulated over and above
the necessaries of life. Those whose incomes
are annually above that .amount are the opu-
' lent, the wealthy property-holders, who are
able to pay this tax. The laboring classes
and men of small salaries, upon whom more
than ail others devolve the heavy hardens of
creating wealth, are exempt. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the distinguished cham-
pion of the iron interest and of a high protect-
ive tariff, certainly deserves the thanks of his
wealthy constituents. He would protect their
monopolies by a tariff burdensome to the mass
of consumers, and then, by abolishing the in-
come tax in loto, relieve their hoarded surplus
from any tribute whatever. I hope, sir, that
the proposition to strike out will not prevail,
and that, exempting a sum t>f $2,000, the tax
may remain as heretofore.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting words of section
thirty-lire and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That thcro shall be levied and collcctcd annually
a tax of live per cent, upon tho gains, profits, and
income of every person residing in the United States
and of every citizen ot tho Uuited States residing
abroad derived Irom bonds of overy description,
notes, mortgages, or other securities over tho sum
of $1,000 and under the sum of $10,(f00; of seven per
cent, upon all gains, profits, and income derived as
aforesaid over the sum of $10,000 and under the sum
ol Iij30,000 ; and of eight per cent, per annum upon
all gains, profits, and incomes derived as aforesaid
over tho sum of 830,000.
Mr. Speaker, it is proposed by that amend-
ment. to relieve from an income tax all of the
industries of the country, whether those indus-
tries are commercial, agricultural, or mechan-
ical. I believe that if my amendment shall be
considered by the Representatives of the great
West and of the South it will receive their uni-
ted support. I regret that I have not time to
enter into this question, but the fact is that at,
this moment the great West and the South are
literally plundered by tho monopolists of the
East, it is said that at this moment the State
of Massachusetts holds mortgages upon one of
the great, cities of the West, to the amount of
$10,000,000, and has $25,000,000 similarly in-
vested in different portions of the West. At
the rate of seven per cent., payable semi
annually, in ten years and one month the sum
of $25,000,000 becomes$50,000,000 ; in twenty
years and two months the amount is again
doubled, and becomes $100,000,000; in thirty
years and three months it becomes $200,000,-
000: and in forty years and four months it be-
comes §100,000,000. That is to say, the West
■ pays to the State of Massachusetts for the use
of $21,000,000 for the period of forty years
and four months the stun of $375,000,000, and
to that extent the West is impoverished and
Massachusetts is enriched.
Now, sir, this amendment proposes to impose
a tax upon the incomes over $1,000 resulting
from bonds, mortgages, and notes. These
'bonds are not now taxed either for Federal,
State, or municipal purposes ; and there is now
a bill before Congress proposing to deny to
Congress the right of imposing a tax upon
"bonds.
Gentlemen from the Bast, the Representatives
of the monopolists of the East, constantly tell
us that the people of the Bast pay more inter-
nal revenue taxes than are paid by the West.
Wby, sir, the State of Ohio pays more internal
revenue tax than all the New England States
together:
Ohio pays   . $16,032,197
Massachusetts     $9,232,791
Connecticut  2,339,291
Maine  668,124
New Hampshire  651,016
Rhode Island   1,230.235
Vermont  314,578
  14,486,128
$1,596,369
Hence, from the highest authority, the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, we
find that Ohio, instead of paying less taxes
than the States of the East, actually pays more
than one and a half millions more internal rev-
enue taxes than the six States of New England.
Mr. BENTON. Where does the gentleman
get his figures ?
Mr. MORGAN. I get them from the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The gentleman will find them there. I have
not time to yield to him.
Mr. Speaker, the question now before this
House, and it is before the whole country, a
fact which it behooves gentlemen representing
the West and South to remember, is of vital
importance. The fact is, sir, that during the
last ten years an undue proportion of the bur-
dens of this Government have been thrown by
the monopolists of the East upon the great
West and upon the South—the South just
emerging from the storm of war, and trying to
restore her charred'fields to cultivation.
I hold that it is unwise to tax the incomes
resulting from the industries of the country,
whether they be the manufacturing industries
of Massachusetts, the agricultural industries of
the West and South, or the commercial indus-
tries of the sea-coast. By adopting and hon-
estly executing the plan suggested by my
amendment a revenue equal to that now raised
from incomes can be obtained, and the burden
of tax made to rest where it belongs, upon that
capital which like a cancer is eating out the
life of the people, and which paralyzes instead
of encouraging industry.
[Here the hammer tell.]
Mr. HOTCHK1SS. The unfair operation of
this income tax is conceded on all hands. ATo
gentleman who has addressed the House upon
this subject has contended that the operation
of this tax was fair in any respect. It is furl,her
conceded by every thoughtful man, or will be
upon reflection, that there is no present neces-
sity for this income tax.
And now what is the effect of our tax laws
upon the legislation of today? The large
amount, of revenue that is collected leads to
extravagant appropriations, to lavish expend-
itures, and to an endless public debt. Tho
only way for the people to extricate themselves
from the grievous burden of the public debt is
to return to economical legislation. My col-
league [Mr. Ward] has referred to the fact that
we are besieged at every point by men who fol-
low us to our committee-rooms and to our
lodgings and urge upon us to make appropri-
ations for this and that purpose. And their
argument is that our Treasury is full of money ;
that money has been drawn by our tax laws
from the hard earnings of tho people, for tax-
ation is not taking away the property of the
rich. It makes no difference to them what the
taxes are; they are clothed no more plainly,
they fare no less sumptuously on account of
taxation. You are not going by this taxation
to deprive them of their magniticent carriages,
in which we are told they are rolling in ease and
luxury. But by taxation you will increase the
burdens which rest so heavily upon the labor
ing people of this country. This tax should not
be imposed unless it is necessary ; it is now
imposed to the public harm.
This is a question that is not sectional; it is
a question which does not affect one section
of the country more than it does another. We
have just heard the strongest, and most zealous
argument in favor of this tax from the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Bentox,]
whose State paysthe enormous sum of $180,000
of tax upon incomes, side by side with my State,
which pays $11,500,000. Talk about sections
of country in this matter! Why, sir, 1 have a
right to speak upon the subject of taxing,
living as I do in the State of New York, which
pays so large a proportion of all the taxes col-
lected in this country. My State, when this
Government was formed, held the key to the
commerce of the country, and she gave up to
the General Government two thirds of all the :
reventfe of the nation.
I do not think it is necessary to take the nar-
row view1 of this subject which has been pre- s
sented here by some gentlemen. The more
taxes we raise now the worse it will be for .
us. Gentlemen talk about paying off our
national debt and improving our foreign credit.
This is just the step to be taken to prevent
our selling our bonds. If we pay the interest
on our bonds, and pay a small percentage on
the principal of the debt every year, and main-
tain our Government, our bonds will be sought
for the world over wherever there is capital to
be invested. But if it is understood that our
bonds are to be paid off in a short time our bonds
will not become a desirable investment. Why
does a long bond sell better than a short one .;
It is because it is more desirable for capitalists to
invest in. So that argument will not pass here.
The people are universally clamoring against
these taxes. Let us appease this clamor. It
is my view of the duty ot a Republican Repre-
sentative to pay some heed to the voice of the
people. We do not need this tax. Let us
dispense, not only with this tax, but with a large
number of office-holders also.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohicn I move to amend
section thirty-live ot this bill, so that it will
read as follows:
A nd he it further enacted, That there shall be levied
and collected annually a tax of five per cent, upon
the gams, proiits, and income of every person resid-
ing in tho United States, and of eveiy citizen of the
United States residing abroad, derived from anx.
source hereinafter described, whether within orwith-
OIH the Uuited States, exccpt as hei-eafter provided, •
| and a like t'ix annually upon the gams, profits, and
income derived from rents of real estate within the
United States owned by any person residing without
the United States and not a citizen thereof.
The effect of this amendment, with two slight
amendments in the next section, will be to
abolish all that portion of the income tax which
relates to business—the making of money by
engaging in work ; so that, if my proposition
be adopted, the whole weight of the income
tax will fall upon realized wealth. I desire,
by the amendment,, to remove the burden of
this income tax from labor, that it may rest
exclusively upon capital. . The amendment
will continue tho income tax upon interest,
rents, dividends, all profits arising fiom corpor-
ations. In short, whenever any man terminates
his active career in life and becomes a mere
capitalist,, living upon the profits of his wealth
invested in some permanent form, that man's
income will pay a tax. But wherever a man
enters into a business, wherever he is a pro-
ducer of wealth, wherever by his labor he
makes use of his capital to increase the wealth
of t.hc'nation, then he is to be exempted irom
the income tax.
j Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does this amend-
; ment exempt members of Congress from tax
! on their pay?
Mr. GAliFIELD, of Ohio. I do not care
whether it includes members of Congress or not.
If it will suit the gentleman from Illinois any
better, I shall be willing to make a specific
exception, so that the income tax may apply
! to the salaries of Congressmen.
| Mr. FARNSWORTfl. I only desire to know
; what the gentleman means by ''business."
Does he mean that the term shall include the
\ occupation of those who hold offices on high
; salaries?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I mean to say in general that all the strongand
pungent objections to this tax, as urged in the
debate here, have referred mainly to its ine-
quality and injustice in it3 application to the
: different trades, occupations, and vJcationsin
j| which onr people are engaged. I myself know
! an instance of an officer of the Army, having
! no income whatever except his salary as a mil-
j itary officer, who paid as income tax in one
, year $109, while a neighbor worth $100,000
ji in lands and bouses, flocks and herds, paid
il income tax amounting to only forty-eight dol-
