2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
repeat what I said before, that this is pre-
cisely the method by which the marshal selects
juries in my State in all the United States
courts, and I suppose also in the State of Mas-
sachusetts. There is no method for the selec-
tioa of juries in the United States courts any-
where, as I understand it, except this.
Mr. DAWES. I ain aware that such is the
law in some of the States. The United States
marshals in our States in the East I believe
are required to conform their mode of select-
ing juries to the existing laws of the States.
But I will ask the gentleman, if he will take
his mind back to the time whenwe were in
trouble in reference to the execution of laws
which were odious to us at the North, whether
we did not find occasion to complain very
seriously of the mode of administering the
law, and whether there is not some other way
that can be devised that is not open to just
criticism in that regard ?
I know that the United States marshals in
many States select juries in this way, and it
works well. Butwhen they were attempting to
enforce the fugitive slavo law in 1850, and se-
lected juries to try the men who felt it to bo their
duty to set themselves up against the execution
of that law, the gentleman and myself belonged
to a political association that cried out against
that mode of administering the law; and while
I am for this bill and for every provision of it
necessary for its execution, I would like to find
some other way oi" selecting juries. That is
all I have to say.
Mr. BLAIK. j will say that I have had the
same thoughts which the gentleman expresses,
and have looked this question over a little
anxiously in my mind, and I must confess that
I can find no other way than this. We must
cither give up the execution of the laws in
Utah or we must adopt this feature of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that in the Stale of
Missouri, in all the State courts, both grand
and petit juries are selected by the sherilf.
Such has been the case over since its admis-
sion into the Union and before its admission,
and no complaint has ever been made that I
am aware of.
Mr. DAWES. I can only say that if the
sheriff is 011 my side it is all well; but if the
sheriff is upon the other side I shonld not like
to have him select my jury.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We expect the sheriff
to be on our side always.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say again that so fat-
as my knowledge goes ihis bus been the uni-
form practice m the courts of the United
States in every State. ?^ov, I must .say totlie
gentleman from Massachusetts that when f
was engaged with him in an association which
complained of the hardships of the fugitive
slavo law and of its execution we complained
because wo wanted to defeat the law. Wc
hated the law itself. I confess I would have
trampled it into the dust if I could have done
it, I thought it so inhuman. And for that pur-
pose I was disposed to resort to every legal
expedient that possibly could be availed of.
But such was the law; and I believe I may now
safely say that under that law 110 jurv ever
found a verdict which the facts did not justify,
assuming that the law was one that should
have been executed.
Now, thejury nnder this bill willnotbepacked
necessarily, as the gentleman suggests. Of
course it may result substantially in that if the
officer is disposed to pack a jury. But the bill
requires him to summon a number at large,
and then the jury is drawn from that number.
The difference between this course and the
icourse ordinarily adopted in the selection of
•jnries is this: in my State—and I presume the
practice is quite general in the other States-
some local officer makes a list of such persons
as he thinks are suitable for jurors. He sends
that list to the county clerk, perhaps, or to
some officer who has chargc of that matter.
Each name on the list is written on a slip of
paper; the slips are all put into a box, and the
county clerk or other officer draws from the
box the names of those who are to constitute
the j urors for the term. These names, of course,
are all obtained from the selection made by
somebody in the first plaee.
The difference between that course and the
course prescribed by this bill is that under this
bill, instead of the local officer, the United
States marshal makes the selection of names
in the first place. The names so selected by
him will be brought to the court, and then the
drawing from the box will be made in the same
manner as in the other case. The marshal,
instead of the local officer, will make the selec-
tion of the names from which thejury is to be
drawn. The marshal is under the control of
the President of the United States. If he shall
abuse the authority vested in him, if he shall
pack jurors to do what is contrary to law and
in violation of the rights of the people, then, I
take it, the President will remove him and put
some fitter man in his place. But if he shall
be a just man, as I suppose he will be, he will
select a jury which will be fair. Of course he
will not select a jury who shall be sworn be-
forehand to defeat the law, and who will not
in any event find a verdict for the crime of
polygamy under this law. Considering, there-
fore, that this is a practipe as old as the Gov-
ernment of the United States, the practice in
every State in this Union, a practice which
the people have so long endured and which
they have never asked to have altered, I can
see no great objection to it in this bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and myself 110 doubt would have
thought it hard during the time when fugitive
slaves were hunted through the free States;
but so soon as the fugitive slave law was out
of the way neither of us thought of bringing
in a bill here to relieve the people of the Uni-
ted States from the operation of such a prac-
tice. In my State to-day, and I think in the
State of Massachusetts and in every State of
this Union, jurors are selected in this way. No
one has asked to have the practice changed.
If it will do for Massachusetts and Michigan, I
think it will do for Utah. Therefore, I think
I will give my assent to it. And, as Isaid be-
fore, 1 must say that taking into account the fact
that it is absolutely essential, there is no other
way to execute the law there that lean possi-
bly find.
Mr. DAWES. The difference, and I think
it is a great difference, lies in the mistake of
the gentleman us to the provisions of this bill,
lie says that in bis State a list of jurors arc
selected by some one and seat to the county
clerk, and that the county clerk or some other
officer draws from them enough to make a
jury.
Mr. BLAIR. That is in the State courts.
Mr. DAWES. There is a vast difference
between that practice and the practice author-
ized by the provisions of this bill. Under this
bill the marshal is to select thirty-nine names;
thirteen of the thirty-nine are to be for the
grand juries, and the other twenty-four are to be
for two petit juries. There is no selection by lot
in any part of this matter. There is no chance
of selecting other men than just those the mar-
shal may choose to try the ease; and where
there is a right to challenge it only results in
this, that the marshal himself selects another
man in place of the one challenged. lie is to
select the twelve men who arc to try the case.
I do not know that it can be remedied.
Mr. PETERS. The United States courts
follow the rule in operation in the States, and
the rule is different in different States.
Mr. DAWES. I so stated when I was up
before. I said I desired, if it were possible, to
reach the end which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cullom] proposed to reach by this
bill in some different manner. When I re-
ferred to the fugitive slave law the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] said that he and
1 disliked that law so much that we were will-
ing to seize upon a like provision in that law
in order to make it odious. Now, I do not
want this law to be odious; I want it to be
considered a just law. I want that there shall
be nothing in it that justice will not sanction.
Therefore, while I do not see that there is any
other possible way, I did not know but by rais-
ing this question there might come out of it
some relief in connection with that provision
of the bill. I thank the gentleman for his
courtesy.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, Mr. Speaker, that there
may be no misunderstanding about this I refer
to section seven of this bill, which provides
thus:
That at least twenty days before tlio time of hold-
ing each regular term of the district courts of said
Territory, in their respective districts, the United
States marshal of said Territory, or one of his depu-
ties, shall, in connection with the clerk of the dis-
trict court for which a term is to be holdcn, select
from the body of the people of said district thirty-
nine good and lawful men havingthoneccssary quali-
fications to serve as jurors, and make a list in writing
of the names of the persons so selected, and append
thereto a certificate stating that said persons have by
them been solcctcd to act in the aforesaid capacity,
and setting forth the court, district, and term of court
for whioh they were seleoted, whioh certificate shall
be signed by the persons making suoh selection, and
filed with said elerk; whereupon said elerk shall
forthwith issue a venire, directed to said marshal or
his deputy, commanding him to summons the fifteen
persons first named on said list, to bo and appear in
said court on the first day of the term thereof (to be
named in said venire) to servo as grand jurors; also
to issue a like venire commanding said marshal, or his
deputy, to summon the remaining twenty-four per-
sons on said list to bo and appear at said term to
serve as petit jurors; andthopersons so selected and
summoned shall constitute ono full grand and two
full petit juries.
Now, whether those provisions are exactly
the best as to the manner of summoning these
juries and their number, I am not able to say,
though I do not see any objection to them.
Gentlemen will see that the provisions agree
substantially with those adopted everywhere.
The marshal, in connection with the clerk of
the court is, under the sanction of his oath and
under the responsibility imposed upon him by
virtue of his office, to select from the body of
the people of the county thirty-nine persons,
who are to constitute a grand and a petit jury
for that term of court. As I have already said,
the only difference between this and the method
pursued in my State, and I presume in the
States generally, is tbat with us some local
officer instead of the marshal makes these
selections. But this is a method used generally
in the United States courts, as it has been for
a great number of years, without serious objec-
tion from the people of the country. I would
be glad to find_, if it were possible, some other
method by which there could be a larger dis-
crimination, and perhaps a larger number of
names put into the box for the selection. But
it seems that, under the system of things pre-
vailing in Utab, there are difficulties about this.
And 1 will add that I think the people of the
country, when they take into view the fact that
we are seeking to enforce the lav/in Utah, where
the opposition to it is so general, will consider
that we are fairly entitled to make use there
of all the machinery that we may make use of
anywhere for the accomplishment of that pur-
pose ; and I do not believe that they will regard
as odious a law proposing to do in regard to
polygamy in Utah justly hat is done in my State
by the courts of the United States in regard to
every offense, and done upon precedents of
precisely the same sort.
So believing, I have given my assent to this
measure. But if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts can give us a better method of doing
this, I shall be glad to unite with him in the
adoption of that method; but 1 think he will
look in vain for any method, other than this,
by which the laws can be enforced in that Ter-
ritory. If I am correct in this, I think there
should be no disposition to find fault with
these features of the bill. There are other
features of the bill which I think canuot, per-
haps, very well be enforced; and I should be
disposed to strike out some of these sections,
