1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4981
a duty oil the oil that is required to light his
lamp within the mines; you propose to make
him pay upon the steel that is required in his
pick; and yet you will take from him that
which gives value to his own commodity.
I ask, Mr. President, whether this is fair.
Revise your tariff; I will cheerfully unite with
you in revising it; reduce your duties; but
reduoa them fairly, not unjustly; do not dis-
criminate againt any class, or select any class
for favor, but in justice to all, and as revenue
may be required, impose your duties, and
with that caution and prudence and sense of
justice that may avoid the least injury.
When we look at this great interest we find
that it has arisen since 1842. In 1842 there
were but seventeen hundred tons of coal sent
from the mountains of Maryland and Pennsyl-
vania to the sea board. If gentlemen under-
stand anything at all of the character of our
coal-fields they must know that bituminous
and semi-bituminous coal is produced west of
and in the Alleghany mountains; that it takes
from two to three hundred miles of land trans-
portation except at Richmond, Virginia, to
get this coal to market upon the sea board: so
that whenever it gets there, however low the
mining interest may be at the mines, it in-
volves an absolute cost, generally ranging from
four dollars seventy-five cents to six dollars per
ton. I assert that when labor could be moder-
ate in its demands, and could subsist on lower
wages than now, the cost of coal averaged
then from $3 75 to $4 50 ; but now, under the
present high rate of duties, you cannot get it
to the sea-board under five dollars, or possibly
only afraction less per ton. When your duties
were low, when miners could buy cheaply their
iron and their steel, and their cottons, wool-
ens, shoes, hats, and their sugar, coffee, tea,
and their molasses, salt, soap, rice, they could
afford to take less for their labor. It gentle-
men of this Chamber will examine the statis-
tics they will find that under moderate duties
we could always put our coal on the sea-board
at from fifty cents to a dollar a ton less than it
can now be done. At this time the profits on
coal are short, varying, I believe, from ten to
forty-five cents a ton, depending, to some
extent, upon the lawot' demand and supply.
1 will unite at the proper time in revising
our system of duties, in reducing them, in
reducing them fairly so as to affect properly
and equally all the great interests of the coun-
try ; but to attempt in this way to tamper with
a great interest, to peril a great interest, asso-
ciated as it is with all the. great interests of the
country, is wrong, and it should not be tol-
erated. I shall, when the proper time comes,
vote to strike out all the tariff sections of this
bill. This is a tax bill, and should be consid-
ered solely as such. There is a tariff bill which
was in course of discussion in the other House.
Let that body perfect it and send it here so
that we may examine it and deal understand-
ingly and fairly with all the great interests of
the country, and do justice to all its people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, to strike out ''fifty
cents" and insert "one dollar" as the duty
on coal.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw his motion, so that we
may have a vote directly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by veas and nay?,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 25 ; asiollows:
TEAS—Messes- Anthony, Casserly,.ConkUng, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Jjawlin, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer,
Schurfl, Sprngue, Suuiner, Williams, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Corbett, Davis. Gilbert. Hamilton of
Maryland, Howard. Howe, Johnston, McDonald,
.Nye, Osborn, Pratt, Revels, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, Warner, and Willey—25.
A BSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Cattell, Cole, Crag'm, Drake, Kenton,
Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Har-
ris, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, MeCreery, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, ltamsey, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull, and Yates—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Tho Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 97, after line two hundred
and three of section forty-seven of the House
bill, to insert:
On rough or unfinished grindstones, $1 50 per ton;
on finished grindstones, two dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and six to insert:
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all building
or monumental stone, except marble, one dollar por
ton.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
amendment by making the rate three dollars
instead of one dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
Rhode Island will not raise that question. It
is true the people who (juarry this stone in
Connecticut want a duty ot three dollars a ton;
but instead of the present ad valorem duty,
which is easily evaded, they prefer that we
should fix one dollar a ton specific, which is
about equivalent to the present ail valorem
duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that it is
less than the present ad valorem duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the per-
sons interested in this business say that they
prefer one dollar a ton specific duty to the
present ad valorem duty. The present value
on which tho ad valorem duty is paid is about
fifteen dollars a ton; so that this is a slight
increase, if anything.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was requested by the
Senator from Connecticut, who is detained by
illness, [Mr. Buckingham,] to make this mo-
tion in his behalf.
Mr. SHERMAN. We examined it fully m
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. From the
facta communicated to me by the Senator from
Connecticut, not now in his seat, [Mr. Buck-
ingham,] I became satisfied that one dollar
was too low, and that the rate ought to be two
dollars. I shall cheerfully vote for two dollars
a ton, but I shall not vote for three dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will modify my amend-
ment and move to insert two dollars, if that
will be accepted all round.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will involve the
striking out of a large number of items, be-
cause if you raise one branch of this class you
must raise others; they all have relation to
each other. I think it would be better to leave
this matter as the committee has fixed it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to increase the duty from one dollar
to two dollars a ton.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after liue two
hundred and eight, to insert :
On all sawed, dressed, or polished marble, marble
slab-' and marble paving I lie, thirty p<-i cent, ad
addition twenty-five eents Persuper-
fii-ial square foot not exceeding two inches m thick
uess: it more than two niches in thickness, ten cents
ner toot in addition to the above rate fot uich inch
or fractional part thereof in excess oi two inches m
thickness: Provided, That if exceeding six inches in
thickness, such marble shall be subject to, tho duty
now imposed upon marble blocks.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to inquire
whether this is an increase of the present duty
or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state to
the Senator that it is merely intended to sup-
ply a present omission. The present law pre-
scribes a duty on marble in blocks, but it is
found that it is being brought in in large quan-
tities sawed up into thin slabs and polished,
and then it is computed at the same rate whichr
is provided for blocks ; and this is merely in-
tended to supply a present omission in the law.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senatorhas still not
answered my question, whether it is not an
increase of the duty ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course it
is an increase of the duty, and it ought to be
increased. You can see that eleven slabs to
make a foot ought not to come in at the same
rate of duty that a block would of a foot in
diameter.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not for my own part
see why a citizen of Ohio or of Indiana or of
anywhere else in nine tenths of this country,
who wants to erect a tombstone over some
deceased relative, should be compelled to pay
an enormous duty in the way of increased price,
merely for the benefit of the Vermont and
Tennessee marble quarries. That is pretty
much what it comes to. Vermont, Connecti-
cut, and Tennessee produce these marbles;
nine tenths of the country produce none ot
them; and I really do not see for myself why
the people should not be allowed to get the
marbles about as cheaply as they can get them,
particularly in view of the fact that the greater
portion of them are used for the purpose 1 have
alluded to. We have not many marble-front
palaces in the West. There are very few in
Ohio. . There are very few houses that will
pay duty under this provision, because there
is very little marble used in building bouses in
the West; but, there is a great deal of marble
used for monumental purposes, and some little
used in the fine arts. I really do not see that
the whole country ought to be taxed for the
benefit of three States of the Union, and I
hope the amendment jvill be disagreed to, or
rather that the tax will be cut down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio is evidently not very well posted as
to the places where this marble can be found.
It is to be found not only in three States, but
in more than double that number.
Mr. EDMUNDS. More than treble that
number.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
some eight or ten States that produce marble,
and a very beautiful marble, too. But this
amendment is so obviously just that I do not
think it needs to be argued. It is merely to
supply an omission in the existing law in rela-
tion to marble that is partially manufactured.
Obviously, that ought not to come in at the
same rate of duty as a coarse, rougli block.
Mr. THURMAN. _ That is an easy way to
dispose of an objection, to say that it is so
obviously wrong thatitis not necessary to argue
against it. This proposition is so clearly wrong
that I hope the Senate will vote it down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask permission to offer another amendment to
supply an equal omission in the law.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it from the committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it is not
reported from the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Senator from
Ohio has insisted on a conformity to the gen-
eral usage, which is to dispose of the amend-
ments of the committee first.
Mr. MORRILL, ot' Vermont. Very well;
I will wait until the committee are through.
