1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Montcalm
Oldham, sen., of Accomac county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
tl6S 
Mr. WARNER presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, praying for the repeal
of the customs duty on machinery for spinning
cotton; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of officers
of the Bradford County Medical Society, Penn-
sylvania, praying the enactment of a law con-
ferring upon the medical officers of the Navy
such relative rank and privileges in the service
as will protect them against the arbitrary con-
duct of superior officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
Clute Brothers, of Schenectady, New York,
remonstrating against the granting of the peti-
tion of George H. Corliss, for the extension
of his letters-patent, of March 10, 1849, for
improvements in the steam-engine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the remonstrance of the
Goodyear Boot and Shoe Sewing-Machine
Company, of New York, against any further
addition to the duties upon imported steel,
and their petition for the reduction for the
same; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Bollman
Carl and others, citizens of Baltimore, New
York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans, remon-
strating against an increase on the duty on j
vinegar; which was referred to the Commit- j
tee on Finance. _ I
He also presented resolutions of the common
council of the city of Albany, New York, :
unanimously adopted, asking for an appropri- i
ation to erect a building in that city suitable !
for the accommodation of the United States '
court, post office, and other public offices;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. FENTON. I also present a large num- .
ber of petitions from various localities in the
State of New York, numerously signed, in favor 1
of the abolition of the franking privilege. I |
move that they be laid upon the table. j
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi- '
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present the
memorial of B. H. Wright, a resident of the
twenty-first district of the State of New York,
representing the interest of his son and daugh-
ter, complaining of the unjust exactions of a
succession tax by the assessor of that district,
not authorized by law, and praying for the
abolition of the tax. I move its reference to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT presented three petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition, signed by a large number of
citizens of this District, praying for the pas-
sage of a law prohibiting the sale as a beverage
of all intoxicating drinks in the District. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a petition in favor
of the extension of the letters-patent of George
H. Corliss, of March 10,1849, for an improve-
ment in the steam-engine, from two hundred
and seventy-six citizens of the States of Mary-
land, Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, Mis-
souri, Rhode Island, Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky,
New Jersey, Massachusetts, New York, and
Pennsylvania, users of said improvement, rep-
resenting forty-five thousand one hundred and
seventy-nine horse-power. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Rhode Island whether
he knows whether there was a stipulation on
the part of the signers of this petition that if
they would sign it the patentee would give
them the use of the patent for nothing?
Mr. ANTHONY. The character of the
signers of the petition and of the memorialist
forbids any such suspicion.
Mr. POMEROY. The character of Mr.
Corliss himself is quite sufficient guarantee on
that point.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present several peti-
tions from citizens of various counties in Mich-
igan, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege. 1 would call the attention of my
friend from Minnesota to the subject of bring-
ing up that bill. The country will hold him
responsible for pushing that bill to a vote. I
move that these petitions be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS presented the memorial of the
members of the Black Bob band of Shawnee
Indians, remonstrating against any attempt
to force their people to break up their tribal
organization ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed in connection with the papers submitted
to the Senate by the Secretary of the Interior
on the 17th of January, 1870, in relation to the
I sale of certain lands in Kansas known as the
lands of the Black Bob band of Shawnees.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
i Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
j of Indiana, and one of citizens of Iowa, praying
i the enactment of a law for the compulsory pre-
! payment of all domestic postages except on
! such matter as may be entitled to free delivery
i by special enactment; which were referred to
I the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
I Mr. COLE. I wish to present quite a large
! number of petitions from California for the
abolition of the franking privilege. I move
that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
B. H.Wright, of the State of New York, pray-
ing a return to him of a succession tax paid
by him under protest; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the proceedings of the
common council of the city of Albany, New
! York, in relation to the erection of a public
I building in that city suitable for the accommo-
j dation of the United States court, post office,
! and other United States offices; which were
1 referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
He also presented the petition of the mem-
bers of the Cigar-makers' Union No. 15, pray-
ing that the proviso in section eighty-seven of
the internal revenue act of July 20, 1868, be
expunged, and that a tariff of three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem be
enforced on all imported cigars, so as to enable
them to compete with foreign cigar manufac-
turers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented twenty petitions of citizens
of New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented three
petitions of citizens of Maine, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table :
By the VICE PRESIDENT : Twenty-four
petitions from citizens of various States.
By Mr. PATTERSON : Two petitions from
citizens of New Hampshire.
By Mr. STOCKTON: A petition from citi-
zens of New Jersey.
By Mr. CONKLING : Twenty petitions from
citizens of New York.
By Mr. OSBORN : A petition from, citizens
of Florida.
By Mr. CRAGIN: A petition from citizens
of New Hampshire.
By Mr. WILLEY: A petition from citizens
of West Virginia.
By Mr. THAYER: Two petitions from citi-
zens of Nebraska.
By Mr. JOHNSTON : A petition from citi-
zens of Virginia.
By Mr. CAMERON : A petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. SHERMAN: Two petitions from
citizens of Ohio.
K13PORTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 514) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Columbia river to Puget sound, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 447) to incorporate the Missouri,
Kansas, and Texas Railway Company, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 469) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 374) to extend
the time for the Little Rock and Fort Smith
Railway Company to build the first section of
twenty miles of said road, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition
of J. Henry Williams, of New York, praying
to be refunded the duties on certain goods
destroyed by fire in 1865, in New York, asked
to be discharged from its further consider-
ation ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 482) to provide for the location of
agricultural college scrip by actual settlers,
reported it without amendment. _
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 252) to provide
for the sale of certain lots and lands of the sea
islands of Beaufort county, South Carolina, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 140) to renew certain grants of land to the
State of Alabama, reported it without amend-
ment. .
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 461) providing for the forma-
tion of corporations, and regulating the same,
in the District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments. , „
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 530) to enlarge the public grounds
surrounding the Capitol.
SENATE DOCUMENT-ROOM.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The same
committee have directed me to report a reso-
lution in relation to an additional room for
