1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
books and documents for the use of the Sen-
ate. I ask for its immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Jieeolved, That the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion be, and he hereby is, directed to prepare and fit
up an additional room in the rear of the document-
room, to hold and arrange, for the convenience of
the Senate, books and documents now in charge of
the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
that one room has already been fitted up, and
a large share of these documents have been
fathered and arranged and partly catalogued.
twill require another room, which is to be had
right in the rear of the one now occupied ; and
it will not cost over $300, if so much, to have
it done; and when it is done there will be two
complete sets of all the documents of the Gov-
ernment, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, with the exception of a year or two, in
1813 and 1814. I trust, therefore, there will be
no objection to the passage of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
bills introduced.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 631) granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in constructing a steamboat canal around
the falls of the Willamette river; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
• Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
532) to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners bythe judges of the several dis-
trict courts of the United States, to superintend
the shipping and discharge of seamen engaged
in merchant ships belonging to the United
States, and for the further protection of seamen;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE. I ask leave to present with that
bill a petition sigued by the president and other
officers of the Seamen's Friend Society in New
York ; and I will state in this connection that
similar petitions have been presented from a
similar society in San Francisco, California;
and the bill which I have introduced embodies
the principles of the British merchant shipping
act, which has been in force for some twenty-odd
years in Great Britain, and has been of very
great advantage to the commercial interests of
Great Britain. This bill embodies the substance
of it, is much shorter, of course, than the Brit-
ish act, and I have no doubt that if it becomes a
law it will be of vejy great advantage to Ameri-
can commerce.
Mr. NYE asked; and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill(S. No. 533)
to relinquish the interest of the United States
in certain lands to the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. This bill refers to a disputed line,
as I understand, between the Presidio, a Gov-
ernment reservation, and the citizens. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
war betwken spain and cuba.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a jointreso-
lution (S. R. No. 126) recognizing the present
existence of a state of war between Spain and
Cuba; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the resolution at length. It is very brief.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
. Whereas the United States observe with deep
interest the civil war now existing in Cuba, and
sympathize with its people, as with the peopl6 of all
American nations or colonics, in their efforts to secure
independence of European power: Therefore,
Ke lt resolved, <£c.. That the United States recog-
?"«Present existence of a state of war between
of Spain and the colony of Cuba,
ni «i?arTT0?i. j oto establish its independ-
ence, and the United States will observe strict
neutrality between the belligerent parties, as Is their
duty under the law of nations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to remark
that there is a strong feeling among the people
of the United States, especially in my own
State, in regard to the present relations between
the United States and the island of Cuba. I
call the at tention of the Committee on For-
eign Relations to the fact that the people of
this country will not much longer tolerate the
cold indifference that seems to be manifested
to the condition of affairs in Cuba. The
intelligence we have this morning, and the last
few days, of the murder of American citizens
in Havana, and the natural sympathy with an
effort for independence on our own borders,
excites strong feelings and emotions, which
I am afraid the Government of the United
States does not appreciate. I trust, therefore,
the Committee on Foreign Relations will look
ij into the subject, and at least give us the ben-
11 efit of fair play between the colony of Cuba and
the kingdom of Spain.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
an amendment to the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. They will
have the whole subject before them.
Mr. POMEROY. The Cubans are fighting
notsimplyfor "independence," but for "free-
dom and independence."
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not go so far as to
recognize the state of independence, but simply
to require the United States to recognize a
condition of actual warfare, so that fair play
shall be given to the insurgents.
Mr. POMEROY. But the Senator says in
his resolution that they are fighting for inde-
pendence, which is true; but they are fighting
for freedom also. I want that in.
Mr. SUMNER. I would simply suggest that
the whole subject is now before the committee
to which the Senator proposes to refer it. I
can assure him it will be considered most care-
fully. It has been.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the committee will
report the result of their deliberations as early
as possible, because I assure the Senator from
Massachusetts that in the region of country
where I live there is on this subject, without
regard to party, strong and excited feeling,
which comes to me in my correspondence and
in various ways. The people of the United
States do not look upon this contest with in-
difference. Their sympathies are strongly ex-
cited ; and my own impression is that unless the
Government of the United States deals as fairly
and justly to the insurgents as it is doing to the
Government of Spain we shall have violations
of the law in favor of the insurgents in Cuba.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say to the Senator
from Ohio that if he has any facts or any inform •
ation with regard to the actual condition of the
insurgents which is not in the possession of
the committee, which is not in the possession
of the Administration, I for one should like
to know it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The simple fact that the
Power of Spain is building in our own ports
thirty gun-boats, which can only be used by
them in putting down the rebellion in the
island of Cuba, is a sufficient fact ia itself,
without going over a folio of documents or a
great lot of testimony.
Mr. SUMNER. May I say that that is a
fact which would perhaps justify the bill of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky will state his question of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to know what question
is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reference
of the joint resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought it had been received
and referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the question is on
its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I have moved that it be referred
to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky makes the point of order that
the resolution is not debatable at this stage.
By the usage of the Senate, a bill or joint res-
olution is not debatable at this stage.
Mr. SUMNER. Not on a motion to refer?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that when bills are read a first and second
time by unanimous consent for reference they
are not by the usage of the Senate debatable
at that stage.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this resolution will
be referred without any further discussion.
I am anxious, for one, to see a report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations by which
we shall be able to gather some light as to the
actual condition of things in Cuba. I do not
think the people of the United States are very
well informed as to the actual condition of
things there. There are various rumors afloat
contradictory with each other, and entirely
unsatisfactory to an inquiring mind. For one,
if there be an actual state of belligerency in
Cuba, such as is contemplated by the law of
war and the laws of nations, I am ready to
recognize it as soon as it Gan be manifested to
my understanding.
Mr. SUMNER. So am I, of course.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that is the feeling
of the people of the United States; but that
is the point in controversy; it is a question
of fact. Belligerency is a question of fact;
and it is 
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Chair has
ruled 
Mr. HOWARD. It is that fact which I wish
to understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will suspend his remarks.
Mr. HOWARD. I have said all I rose to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the usage of the Senate, where
unanimous consent is given for the' first and
second reading of a bill for reference, it is not
debatable at that stage if any Senator objects
to debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the resolution
be referred.
Mr. CONKLIN G. I ask that the resolution
be reported, as it is brief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
reported. If there be no objection it will be
again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution;
and it was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations^ and ordered to be printed.
indian engagement.
Mr. HAMILTON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to trans-
mit to the Senate any information which may have
been received by the Government of the recently
reported engagement of Colonel Baker with the
Indians, with copies of all ordors which led to the
same.
franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the House bill
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 24, noes 12; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 986) to abolish
the franking privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I have modified some-
what the language of my amendment, which I
have handed to the Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
as modified. ,
The Secretary. The amendment, as mod-
ified, reads:
But nothing herein contained shall be construe®
