3094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
sioner of Pensions he would have obtained
his pension at the Pension Office; but there
was a defect on account of a technicality in
some way. I presume the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. McCreery,] who had charge of
this case originally, will remember what the
defect of proof was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan object to the consideration
of the bill ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate withont
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive business.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. Senators who were present yesterday at
the executive session, when I was not here,
may know why I make that motion. It is a
matter of importance, and I think it is due to
the executive business of the Senate that the
Senate should now have an executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
New Jersey allow me to say that if we do not
sit to-morrow we had better postpone the exec-
utive session for halfan hour oran hour longer?
We shall go into executive session after awhile.
Mr. SUMNER. Half an hour later.
Mr. STOCKTON. It is not a matter of my
own; it is a matter of public business. It is
my duty to moveitandtoinove it now. I make
that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent under the present order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not object. I will
vote against it, but I am willing that the Sen-
ator shall take the sense of the Senate on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the understanding is
that the Senate will have an executive session
this afternoon I will not press it now.
Several Senators. Yes; it is.
Mr. STOCKTON. I withdraw the motion.
georgetown improvements.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 755) to authorize the corporate author-
ities of the city of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, to pave and improve the streets
thereof.  
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to bring for-
ward from the twenty-third page of the Cal-
endar House bill No. 1635, which is a tran-
script of this bill.
Mr. ANTHON Y. We shall reach that soon.
This was not done in the other cases.
Mr. PATTERSON. In one case we brought
forward a House bill to take the place of a
Senate bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In two cases
under this order the Senate have substituted
House bills of the same title, and indefinitely
postponed the Senate bills.
Mr. POMEROY. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senate bill in this case will be
regarded as indefinitely postponed, and the
House bill will be taken up.
The bill (H. R. No. 1635) to authorize the
corporate authorities of the city of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to pave and
improve the streets thereof, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the corporation of the city of Georgetown shall
have full power and authority to lay taxes on
particular wards, parts, or sections of the city,
for their particular local improvements, and to
cause the curbstones to be set, the foot and car-
riage-ways, or so much thereof as they may deem
best, to be graded, paved, graveled, or other-
wise improved; to introduce the necessary sew-
erage and drainage facilities under and upon the
whole or any portion of any avenue, street, or
alley; to cause the same to be suitably graded,
paved) graveled, or otherwise improved and re*
paired, and at all times properly cleaned and
watered; to cause lamps to be erected therein,
and to light the same. To pay the cost thereof
the corporation of Georgetown isauthorized, for
the purposes of grading, paving, graveling, or
otherwise improving or repairing any street,
avenue, or alley, or any part thereof, to lay and
collect a general tax for the same or any part of
the cost thereof upon all the property of the city,
or upon all properly bordering upon such ave-
nue, street, or alley, or any part thereof that
may be graded, graveled, paved, or otherwise
improved or repaired ; and for the purpose of
sewerage, the corporation is to have power to
lay and collect a tax equal to the expense, or
any part thereof, upon all property bordering
upon such avenue, street, or alley that may
be so sewered, or any property benefited there-
by, and also to be laid or causc to be laid sim-
ultaneously with the grading, graveling, paving,
or otherwise improving any avenue, street, or
alley, or at any , other time in which a main
water-pipe, main gas-pipe, or main sewer may
have been or shall be laid, water or gas ser-
vice-pipes or lateral house-drains from such
water or gas main, or main sewer, to one foot
within the curb line in front of every lot, or
subdivisional part of a lot, which may bound
on such avenue, street, or alley, and to which
a gas or water service-pipe or house-drain may
not have been already laid; and to pay the cost
thereof shall have full power and authority to
lay and collect a special tax on every such lot
or part of lot.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read tke third time, and
passed.
message from the bouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 784) to authorize the set-
tlement of the accounts of officers of the Army;
A bill (H. It. No. 1891) for the relief of
George C. Haynie;
A bill (H. R. No. 1892) making an appro-
priation to satisfy a judgment obtained against
Grenville M. Dodge, late an officer of the Uni-
ted States, and others, for acts done by them
in the line of their duty;
A bill (H. R. No. 1893) for the relief of the
heirs of John W. Duff, Andrew Kensinger,
Jesse Fry, Peter Hart, Edward Bray, Pleas-
ant Trent, and Clinton Luster;
A bill (H. R. No. 1895) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd;
A bill (H. R. No. 1896) for the relief of
William A. Howard;
A bill (H. It. No. 1897) for the relief of Lot
S. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant Mar-
cus W. Bayless, deceased; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) donating
condemned cannon to the McPherson Monu-
ment Association.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions without amendment':
A bill (S. No. 93) legalizing certain locations
of agricultural college scrip therein designated;
A bill (S. No. 488) to authorize the officers
of the Treasury Department to enter a credit
upon the account ot Henry Etting, paymaster
in the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 627) for the relief of William
F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry vol-
unteers ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing
the President to strike from the rolls of the
Army the names of certain officers;
A joint resolution (8." R. No. 90) for the
relief of certain officers of volunteers ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authorizing
the issue of clothing to certain enlisted men
of the fourteenth regiment of infantry; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) to provide
for survey and estimates of cost of removing
obstructions from Bayou Teche, in the State
of Louisiana.
The message further aunounced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills and joint resolu-
tions:
1/ A bill (H. R. No. 9) extending the time for
"revising and consolidating the statutes of the
United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of Cap-
tain George E. Grisham, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. It. No. 840) amendatory of the
ii organic law of Colorado Territory, and for
11 other purposes;
11 A bill (H. It. No. 1413) for the relief of
! Sophia A. Moen ;
i A joint resolution (H. R. No. 85) for the
j' relief of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln,
, and for the withholding of moneys from tribes
of Indians holding American captives ;
A joint resolution (H. It. N&. 144) to enable
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king
of Prussia; and
i A joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) author-
izing the sale of certain lands at Springfield,
: Massachusetts, and for other purposes.
enrolled bill signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
| joint resolution (S. R. No. 169) for the trans-
| fer of an unexpended balance of appropria-
tion to the book fund of the Library of Con-
gress ; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
zoological society.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 754) to incorporate a zoological society
in the city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia; which was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. That comes under the
general law we passed, I suppose.
Mr. PATTERSON. There is a single sec-
tion, the second section, which will take this
out of the category of those associations pro-
vided for in the general act.
Mr. ANTHONY. VerywelL
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill, with an amendment, to strike
out the third and sixth sections of the bill, aa
follows:
Sko. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
society be, and is hereby, authorized to occupy the
easterly part of the Smithsonian grounds along Sev-
enth street, not exceeding eight acres, as may be
designated and set apart by Oeneral N. Michler, at
present in charge of the public grounds; and the
sum of money sufficient to erect a substantial iron
fence around the same is hereby appropriated out
of any funds not otherwise appropriated; said fence
to be constructed under the supervision of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and the said money to be paid
on his warrant.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the authority
or permit to occupy said public grounds may be with-
drawn at any time on giving the said society twelve
months' notice thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I see that this bill gives
the right to import certain articles free of duty.
What are those?
Mr. PATTERSON. The articles the bill
speaks of are "all birds and animals, and all
wire material necessary for the establishment
of said garden."
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think that is a pretty
general and indefinite provision. It may do
to let animals come in free; but under that
provision they can bring in wire enough for
half the country. I move to strike out that
part in regard to wire.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice another very
fenerous provision, that they may use tbe
'otomac water free. There is no limit to that.
They, may nse the whole of it.
Mr. PATTERSON. It would take a very
large garden to use up all the water of the
Potomac river.
