4982
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance, was to insert on page 98, after line
two hundred and seventeen of the forty-seventh
section of the House bill, the following clause:
On hair cloth of the description known as liair
seating, forty cents per square yard.
Mr. SOHUEZ. I am informed that that is
a very heavy increase of the duty which now
exists, and for this reason : it is a well-known
fact that hair cloth is made out of long horse
hair, making the fabric wide, and short horse
hair, making the fabric riarrow ; that the widest
'fabric is used for the best furniture, and the
narrow is used by the middle and lower classes
of the people, the narrow being much cheaper.
Now, it is evident that if the duty is imposed
on that article, as proposed by the Committee
on Finance, it will put a higher price on that
article, which ought to be cheaper, inasmuch
as it is used by the middle and lower classes
of the people. I'am informed that according
to the rate now proposed, seating fourteen
inchcs wide will pay a duty of sixty per cent.
ad valorem,; while at present the duty is only
thirty per cent, ad valorem. Is that so ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The rate is now thirty
per cent.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Seating fifteen inches wide
willpay a duty offifty-nine per cent. odvaZomn;
seventeen inches wide will pay a duty of fifty-
five per cent, ad valorem ; eighteen inches wide
a duty of fifty-four per cent, ad valorem; nine-
teen inches wide a duty of fifty-three per cent.
ad valorem; and so on until it comes to the
hair cloth twenty-nine inches wide, very wide,
and it will pay a duty of thirty-four per cent.
ad valorem. I consider that eminently unjust
and very detrimental to the interests of the
middle and lower classes. I am therefore
opposed to this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state in a word that
we did not intend, and do not intend by this
proposition to raise the duty on hair cloth.
Mr. SCHURZ. But it is raised.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next amendment pro-
vides expressly for leaving the present duty as
it is:
On hair cloth, known as crinoline cloth, and on all
other manufactures of hair not otherwise provided
for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
That is the present duty. It was represented
to us, and the statements were made pretty
clearly, that a large amount of this hair cloth
was brought in at an undervaluation by con-
signments from certain houses in Germany to
certain other houses here ; and we considered
it one of those cases where a specific duty
ought to be levied. A duty of forty cents per
square yard is not a heavy duty. This is a
matter in regard to which my friend from
Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] is more able to
give the facts and figures than I am, because
the manufacture of this hair cloth in this coun-
try. is inainly in Massachusetts and Rhode
Island. I think the average, taking the whole
duties together, is about what is now levied.
Mr. SCHURZ. But the fact is that on that
article most used in the country, and used by
the middle and lower classes, the duty by this
amendment is sixty per cent., and not forty per
cent.; while now it is only thirty per cent. ;
so that it increases the price of the article most
used and whieh is used by those people who
ought to have the article cheap.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to inquire of the
honorable chairman of the committee whether
a duty per square yard would really in any case
be an ad valorem duty ? Is it not the fact that
the wide hair cloth is very much more valuable
in proportion to the number of square yards
contained in the piece than the narrow—that
the value increases much more rapidly than the
width?
Mr. SCHURZ. I have already stated that
long horse hair is a great deal more valuable
in proportion than short horse hair, and there-
lore the wider must be greater in value, in pro-
portion, than the narrower,
Mr. SPRAGUE. There are a few estab-
lishments of this sort, one quite large, in this
country; but in consequence of the ability of
the importers to place a very low value on the
article abroad there has been a reduction of
nearly three hundred thousand dollars in the-
horse hair imported into this country, evi-
dently showing that the manufacture hereto-
fore in this country has-been carried into Ger-
many. The weaving of this article is a very
slow process, and the high price paid for weav-
ing here affects this industry more "than any
other manufacture. Under an ad valorem duty,
there is practically very little duty paid on the
importation of this article.
If the policy prevails to admit the manufac-
ture of this article from abroad only, the peo-
ple whom the Senator from Missouri instanced
as being taxed by the present contemplated
duty in my judgment will pay double the
amount they now pay under the present tariff.
This interest in this country to-day is just liv-
ing ; but it stands in an attitude of competi-
tion toward the imported article, and keeps the
prices down. Without this proposed duty it
is as certain as night follows day that that inter-
est in this country will go down, and then the
market will be in the possession of the import-
ers, and under the old duty the prices will be
one hundred per cent, more than they are at
the present time. The effect of the establish-
ment of this interest in this country thus far
has been to keep down the price of the article.
The effort in the House of Representatives
has been constantly to draw attention to this
growing interest, and on the ground that it
would have the effect to produce in this coun-
try a competing article against the encroach-
ments of the foreign article in the prices to
the consumers of this country. When the tariff
on copper was increased my friend, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, went into this subject
elaborately, takingthisviewofthequestion, but.
owing to the hurry of that time, it was passed
over, and all things else were excluded from
that, bill save copper.
The real object of this proposition, as con-
templated by the manufacturers, is that the
duty shall be honestly levied and paid. It is
not the interest of the importers that the duty
shall be honestly levied and paid; and in con-
sequence of that, any proposition that is defi-
nite, determinable, and fixed, is antagonized
by tliem, and the effort is made to defeat it.
T have examined this matter so far as [ could.
I have no particular interest in it; I have no
possible interest in the details of this tariff bill;
but I see in this proposition an opportunity to
head off a monopoly on the part of the for-
eign producer.- I suggested these views to the
Committee on Finance, and I reiterate them
here.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Rhode
Island states that at the present rates a healthy
competition has sprung up between the manu-
facturers here and the manufacturers abroad,
and that under the pressure of that compe-
tition the people get their hair cloth much
cheaper. I am glad of that,. 1 am therefore
in favor of leaving things just as they are.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Mis-
souri makes this mistake: it is not a healthy
competition ; it is an unhealthy competition.
The interests that are established here are
dragging out a slow, lingering existence, and
cannot live any length of time unless some
proposition of this sort should he adopted. I
know that to be a fact. In that event the mar-
ket, of this country will be in the hands of a very
few people, who will command any prices they
choose to ask for this article.
Mr. SCHURZ. Still, it seems they are get-
ting along, after all.
Mr. SPRAGUE. They are not getting along.
Mr. SCHURZ. Bat leaving that aside, I
think it, is unjust that a duty should be imposed
upon this article which will weigh upon the
middle and lower classeg of the people, who
need a cheap article, a great deal heavier than
upon the wealthy. I see an intense injustice
in this proposition.
Now, as to the argument of the Senator from
Rhode Island, that unless a very high duty be
imposed upon such articles, so as to make for-
eign importation almost impossible, as soon as
the imported article can come iu freely the
price will rise, I apprehend there is no dan-
ger of that. I take it there is more than one
firm In Europe that manufactures hair cloth,
and between the several that exist there there
will be competition springing up just &s well
as between the firms that are now operating in
Europe ahd the firms which are manufacturing
the article here.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There are very few firms
interested in this business abroad, and the
United States courts to-day are filled with suits
against those few parties for undervaluation
and for frauds on the revenue. There are
more frauds in this article than in any other
that is imported ; and it is because the business
is in the hands of men who are less reluctant
in placing a low valuation upon the article
than any others who pursue the trading busi-
ness in this counitry. The great object of the
manufacturers here, the great object of those
who desire that the revenue shall be collected,
as I have said, is, not particularly to increase
the duty, but that the duty shall be honestly
collected; and through that honest collection
this interest in this country will be able to es-
tablish itself. It is clear to me, because expe-
rience has shown, thatwhereyou can establish
an interest in this country, if it will not com-
pete, it will stand in the way of the foreign
article from engrossing the market and demand-
ing its own price. As to the argument that
the poor people of this country, if you destroy
the manufacture in this country, will receive
the article at the price for which they obtain
it now, I say they will certainly be forced to
pay any price the foreign manufacturers may
demand. The business will be in the hands of
a very few people, not more than five or ten,
and their combination—and they are always
ready to combine for such a purpose—-will
place the whole market of the United States
in their hands. If the Government of the
United States would really do its duty to avoid
that condition of things it would give a bounty
direct to create this interest; but by this prop-
osition it can sustaiu this interest, and in doing
that it can receive considerable income hon-
estly and fairly collected. I trust that the rec-
ommendation of the committee will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single word
in relation to this subject. The Committee on
Finance had no purpose of raising the duty on
this article above what it now is, but merely
to fix it at a specific rate, recognizing fully that
it is an article used by other branches of in-
dustry as a raw material in the manufacture of
furniture and other things. It is true that upon
a general average of all the rates of width the
present duty is a less rate than is nowproposed
under the specific duty; but the committee
had before them a statement in relation to the
prices at which this article is now imported
from four different places in Europe, and it was
very clear that in many instances it was greatly
undervalued ; that the rates did not compare
within thirty-three and a third per cent, for
precisely the same article. The imposition of
the duty proposed here, although not as much
as is asked for by the manufacturers, will only
be just about the same as the present rate, but
it will remedy these notorious and very aggra-
vated undervaluations.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator from
V ermont is mistaken when he says that the
average duty will be the same. The highest
rate, according to this amendment, will be sixty
per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Missouri is basing his judgment upon a
comimnueaiipii from some of the importers.
