1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
to repeal or affect the existing laws allowing the pub-
lisher? of weekly newspapers to send to each actual
subscriber within the county where their papers are
printed and published one copy threeot treo of
postage I
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out all alter the word "but," and in-
sert:
This shall not be construed as repealing the pro-
vision* in favor of publishers of newspapers and
iierioiiit-als contained in the second section of tho
act of Ausrust .W.lf32, entitled "An act to amend tbe
act entitled ' Au act to reduce and modify tbe rates
nontaae in the United states, and for other pur- ,
poses,' passed Starch 3, 1S51."
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would hope
that the Senator from Ohio might see his way j
clear to agree to this substitute. In order ;
that its scope may be seen I will read the por- 1
tion of the second section of the act referred ;
to, which it is intended by this amendment to
keep in force. It is as follows :
"Publishers of newspapers and periodicals may
send to each other from their respective offices of
publication, free of postage, one copy of each pub-
lication, and may also send to each actual sub-
scriber, inclosed in their publication, bills and re-
ceipts for the same free of postage. The publ ighers
of weekly newspapers may send to each actual sub-
scriber in the eounty where their newspapers are
printed and published one copy thereof free of
postage."
These are the two sentences which I desire
to have continued in force, and which I think
for the interests of the country should be con-
tinued in force. I do not think that the country
is a gainer by imposing taxes or burdens upon
the dissemination of knowledge among the
people.
The system of free exchanges of the publica-
tions of newspapers and magazines is one that
has been in existence in this country from the
very beginning, I believe, of the post office
establishment; and if it has not, it is one that
has been in existence many years without any
complaint against it, so far as I am aware, in
any part of the country.
Mr. MORTON. Since 1845.
Mr. DRAKE. I am perfectly certain that it
existed long before even 1845. 5ly recollection
goes back many years beyond that. Forty years
ago I know that there were free exchanges of
newspapers all over this country. I know the
fact.
Mr. President, no human being in this coun-
try has asked Congress to interfere with this
free dissemination of information among the
people. This is not the franking privilege that
these stereotyped petitions are aimed at; it is
a provision of law existing for many years to
encourage the dissemination of knowledge
among the people, and the Government can
afford to do it, for it is to the benefit of the
whole mass of the people, and it gives them
information with regard to the curreut affairs
of the day at a great deal less expense than it
can be got in any other way.
Mr. President, when the first wave of the
tide of these petitions for the abolition of the
franking privilege camcin from my own State
I announced that I was in favor of it; but no
one can say that this compelling of the pre-
payment of postage upon all printed matter
that goes through the mails was within the
meaning of the people when they signed these
petitions. The fact is that this bill has been
sent here in its present shape for the purpose
of making the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege as odious as possible to the people. They
have been led to believe that gross abuses have
existed in the use of the franking privilege ;
and now to accompany the repeal of that priv-
ilege with the repeal of laws which give free
dissemination ot information to all classes of
people in the country is only done by the bill
that is before us now, and was intended by the
body that passed it to accompany the repeal of
the franking privilege with as odious a feature
as possible.
If there is any one single thing, Mr. Presi-
dent, which is beneficent in its operation in
this country, which is extended into almost
every county of every State in the Union, which
goes to foster and sustain weak and struggling
newspaper enterprises for the benefit of the
community in which they are published, and
to bring the news of the day home to the poor
man's door without charge, it is the privilege
of disseminating the papers in the county of
their publication free of postage. Why should
we take that away? I will tell you why it is
urged. Every great newspaper in the United
States wants to see this thing done, because
then they will stand on an equal footing as to
their circulation, as to the cost of reaching the
people, with the very papers that are published
at the doors of the people. A man living away
in California in the mountains can get a New
York weekly paper sent to him as cheaply, if
this bill passes, as he can get his county paper,
and that is what the great papers of the coun-
try want to have done. You hear every great
paper in the country crying out, " Let us have
everything paid for that passes through the
mails." They are at the same rates now ; that
is the law now; and every great paper in the
country cries out for the prepayment of post-
age on all mail matter, no matter where it goes
or what it is.
Now, Mr. President, I am not here to play
the demagogue over this matter ; but I do say
that it is an outrage to strike a blow at the
weak and struggling newspapers published in
the counties over the country, and which are
necessary for the people of the county with
reference to their local affairs, to fill the mails
of the country with the great and overgrown
newspapers of the cities that are to supplant
these little papers. The countryman who can
only afford to pay his $1 50 a year for a news-
paper wants to get that of his own county that
tells about his own county affairs. He does
not wish to have others thrust into his county
I that are to break down the local papers. I
j want to encourage, in every way that I can,
j the circulation of the local papers; and it is
j for that purpose, among others, that I wish
I this amendment adopted. I hope if the lion-
I orable Senator from Ohio does not see fit to
I accept it as a substitute for his that the Sen-
ate will, by its vote, adopt it.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the Senate
[ will not extend the exception to the abolition
I of the franking privilege beyond cases where
everybody must admit the clear necessity of
the exception. I think we ought to treat fairly
this proposition coming from the Houseof
Representatives to abolish the franking privi-
lege. We ought to leave the people free, and
let them try the experiment of charging every-
thing that passes through the mails a reason-
able postage; and if the law now established
a rate of postage for county papers that was
fairly proportioned to the expenses of the
service I would not propose to save from the
repeal this provision in favor of county papers.
But the trouble is that under the existing
postal laws, if you repeal this provision in
favor of the county papers, you leave a small
county paper, which costs one dollar a year,
printed on a small sheet, to pay the same
postage that it would cost to carry the New
York Independent or the New York Tribune,
two of the great papers of the country, from
New York to California. So gross, so palpable
an injustice ought not to be tolerated even for
a moment, and therefore it is that I have pro-
posed to reserve for a time the provision in
favor of county papers.
Now, what is the actual fact? These county
papers are put in the post office at the connty
seat and are distributed through the county
without a particle of expense. No Senator
can say that their distribution adds to the
trouble of the postmasters or to the expense
of delivery. It costs nothing to the Govern-
ment ; the repeal of that privilege will save
nothing to the Government; aud if you do
repeal the privilege you inflict on these county
papers a gross and palpable injustice. We
ought not now, when we are endeavoring to
repeal what is called the franking privilege,
out of any spite or through carelessness, or
anything of that kind, to inflict an injury on
any portion of our people.
The exchange of newspapers between editors
is a very different thing. There is no reason
in the world why the publisher of a newspaper
should receive free through the mails oilier
newspapersand publications any more than any
other citizens should have the same privilege.
Publishers of newspapers are generally persons
able to pay and willing to pay a fair compensa-
tion for a service rendered. There is no argu-
ment in favor of circulating county newspapers
free in their respective counties which applies
to the exchanges of newspapers between pub-
lishers.
I am in favor of the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives, saving and excepting
alone from its operation the privilege founded
on substantial justice in favor of county news-
papers. If hereafter aprovision shall be offered,
to be inserted in our postal laws, putting on
these county newspapers a small charge to
cover the bare cost of transmitting them, I
would not object to that; but in the mean time
I think we ought to preserve on the statute-
book this privilege in favor of county news-
papers.
With these remarks, and hoping that we may
at once have a vote on the subject, I leave the
matter with the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. To a proposition so rea-
sonable as that made by the Senator from Ohio
it seems to me in the end there can be no objec-
tion. At this time, though, there may be two
difficulties in the way, which I will proceed to
state.
We have an opportunity now, if we embrace
it, of putting an end to the franking privilege,
because the House of Representatives has
passed a bill accomplishing that, which lies on
our table and is now before us. If, by the
addition of this or any other amendment, the
bill is changed, it goes back to the House of
Representatives to abide the event, whatever
that event may be, of a disagreement between
the two Houses.
But, Mr. President, there is, I submit to the
honorable Senator, a still more valid and sub-
stantial objection to the consideration neces-
sarily at this time of the suggestion which he
makes. I think the Senator from Missouri,
who has examined the postal laws, and the
Senator from Minnesota, who is more familiar
with them than tbe rest of us, will tell us that
in addition to this there are other modifications
of the postal laws which will be rendered abso-
lutely necessary by the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. The bill before us takes no
effect until July next. There is ample room
and verge enough to legislate in the mean time ;
and legislate we must. Now, I admit that the
provision which the honorable Senator from
Ohio suggests is reasonable and proper in itself;
and I shall vote for it with great cordiality, and
I shall consider it a great wrong if some equiv-
alent provision were not regarded ; but, I ask
why not let that stand, with other mutations
which must occur in the postal system of the
country, to be brought in in a bill by itself, or
added to a post route bill, of which there is one
already reported by the committee, and let us
consider together in a group intelligently all
of these changes that must be made, and the
most of which will remain to be considered
although we now adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
I repeat that it is right in itself. I think
it would be shameful to leave county news-
papers burdened with the same postage which
attaches to a great sheet traveling from one
side of the continent to the other; but inas-
much as the act before us takes no effect until
July, the interval will enable us to do these
other things. Had we better peril the fate of
the measure, when we can secure it now, by
changing the bill at all and sending it back to
the other House ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the bill be-
