1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4039
other. Capital, and not labor, is the legitimate
subject of taxation; the whole machinery of
civil Government is in the main employed in
protecting rights of property. The tax on in-
comes on accumulated capital is, upon the
■whole, an equitable tax, one which can be read-
ily borne and which ought to be borne, if some
form of taxation is inevitable; it is a tax upon
accumulated wealth, wealth which the citizen
can spare without taking from his family the
necessary conveniences of life; wealth which is
beyond his actual requirements; accumulations
of the industry of many other men, which by
trade or commerce or good fortune he has
been enabled to appropriate; a tax upon this
annual accumulation beyond the sum necessary
for the support of his family is in fact the
most equitable that can be levied, infinitely
more equitable than any tax that falls directly
or indirectly on labor.
The income tax is a tax on capital. In
many instances it is the only tax that invested
capital pays, while labor is exposed to every
other feature of taxation, and always bears
the great burden of taxation. No possible
argument can show that the income tax is a
tax on labor or that it ultimately falls on labor ;
if such were the fact the wealth of the country
would not so earnestly resist it. The princi-
pal resistance to this income tax comes from
the commercial cities, into which is poured the
wealth of the whole nation. I think no class
of people have less ground of complaint of
heavy taxation than those who have amassed
enormous fortunes during the last few years,
and who are still amassing them by means of
those agencies of commerce and trade and the
system of national finance which impose bur-
dens on the industries of the country.
It should not be forgotten that this proposi-
tion to strike out the whole income tax is in
effect a proposition to increase our own com-
pensation. It is a question that comes directly
home to us. By abolishing the income tax the
compensation of all officers of the Government
is actually increased. That compensation,
especially as to members of Congress, is deemed
by most of our people to be very ample. In
relieving ourselves from this tax, andespecially
in relieving the overgrown incomes which have
grown out of the war debt, we necessarily im-
pose additional burdens upon some branches
of industry much less able to bear it. The
present income tax on the members of the two
Houses of Congress exceeds $60,000 a year.
The adoption of a proposition^ abolish the
income tax entirely is a proposition to relieve
ourselves from the payment of the very con-
siderable sum of $60,000 a year; and yet one
of the arguments in favor of the increase of
compensation was this very tax we now pro-
pose to abolish. .
In relation to the amendment which I have
submitted, I will say that while I am in favor
of a reasonable income tax I am especially m
favor of the imposition of a reasonable tax on
the bonds issued by this Government. _ It is
not necessary for me to call the attention of
the House to the fact that here is a vast body
of wealth which is now relievedfrom all tax-
ation whatever; wealth, too, which may more
justly bear taxation than any wealth that ever
existed, for it is the most productive wealth,
and was more cheaply acquired than any that
ever accumulated. My amendment proposes
to impose a tax of ten per cent, on the interest
on these bonds—a light tax on property other-
wise so favored, for it is less than three fifths
of one per cent, on the principal of the bonds,
while most other property for local purposes
only bears a tax of at least one and one half
per cent. This discrimination, therefore, is
just and reasonable, and tends in some small
degree to equalize taxation. The foreign cap-
italist cannot complain, for in our bonds he
holds securities which he purchased more
cheaplv and which yield a much larger return
on his investment, even after the imposition of
this tax, than were ever issued by any other
nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. _ I desire to occupy a little
time myself in closing this debate.
Mr. COVODE. I want five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am afraid the country
will become disgusted with this discussion if
it is continued much longer.
Mr. COVODE. They may be with some of
it, but I think they •will believe in what I have
to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. If gentlemen have any
more amendments to offer I hope they will
offer them now.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amend section
thirty-six by inserting, after the clause which
reads " profits realized within the year from
salc% of real estate purchased within two years
previous to the year for which income is esti-
mated," the following additional clause:
And all legacies arid distri but.ivo sh arcs of personal
estate, and the cash valneover and above all incum-
brances of any real estate, or interest in any real
estate, received from the estate of any decedent,other
than the husband, father, or mother of the pel-son
returning the income.
In explanation of my amendment I desire to
say bat a few words. The Committee of Ways
and Means in the bill which they have reported
have not recommended the continuance of the
tax on legacies and successions. The object
of my amendment is to provide that legacies
and successions shall be returned as income
and subjected to taxation, except when they
come to a widow from her deceased husband,
or to a child from its father or mother. It
seems to me that this is right; that this class
of income is just as legitimately the subject of
taxation as any other.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend
section thirty-seven as follows :
Insert after the word "families," in line twenty
four, the t'ollowin;
And in determining who compose such society a.U
persons shall be counted who actually reside within
such society, and who aro the wives and children ol
members ot the society.
At the end of tho section add the following:
Provided. That where income tax has been assessed
for tho year 1809 against any religious or social com-
munity as an individual, under the laws now m force,
which taxes have not been paid, in all such cases tho
society shall bo reassessed for said year under the
provisions and regulations ot this act.
Mr. Speaker, the subject of taxation is one of
exceeding interest, and importance ; one which
comes directly home to the people, and one
which requires the highest class of statesman-
ship to properly arrange and adjust. At the
rate of taxation now fixed by law, and esti-
mating the expenses of the Government accord-
ing to existing laws, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimates an excess for the next year, after
navinE the expenses of the Government and the
interest on the public debt, of $102,000,000.
The question is, whether we shall raise that
amount of surplus and apply it to the payment
of the principal of the debt, or whether we shall
reduce taxation to that amount
As I have said before upon this floor, I here
repeat that I regard it as unjust to ask the
present generation to submit to oppressive tax-
ation for the purpose of the speedy payment
of the principal of the debt. I regard it as
better statesmanship to lighten the burdens
upon the people by a reduction of taxation to
the extent of the greater portion of this sur-
plus, and not to be in too great haste to pay
off the principal. With the exercise of proper
economy and retrenchment I have no doubt
but that the surplus for the next fiscal year
will be $125,000,000; but for my present pur-
pose I will put it at the estimate of the Secre-
tary, $102,000,000. Of this amount I think
we should set apart the sum of $25,000,000 for
application annually upon the principal of tne
debt. And this amount, according to the esti-
mate of the Secretaryof the Treasury, setapart
annually as a sinking fund, would cancel the.
entire debt in twenty-three and a half years;
and this is certainly as early a day as any one
ought to expect the payment of the debt.
The following is the table of estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury showing the- length
of time in which different specified payments
would cancel the entire debt, if paid and used
as a sinking fund: <
Annual payment. Years.
$25,000.000   233-
30,000,001) S  21 i
85,000,000 : pi
40,000,000 18
45,000,000 16i
50,000,000 ft 
55,000,000 143r
00,000,000 14
65,000,000 18,
70,000,000 : 121
75.000,000 lj,
80,000,000   Ill
85,000,000 11
80,000,000   101
95,000,000 10
100,000,000   9V
According to this calculation we must, of
course, according to the principle of the sink-
ing fund, still continue paying full interest on
the whole debt, the part which has been paid
as well as the part remaining unpaid, for the
whole time specified in the table. Allowing,
then, $25,000,000 for application upon the
principal, we have $77,000,000 of a surplus
still; and to this amount we should, in my
opinion, reduce taxation.
Why, sir, we are informed by the Secretary,
in his report for the 1st of June, that in the
past month we have reduced the principal of
the debt, or, in other words, have paid on the
debt, $14,300,000. This rate of payment,
which would Tje $170,000,000 per year, in-
vested in a sinking fund would pay the entire
debt before the end of the next Administra-
tion. I repeat it, sir, the rate of taxation now
imposed upon the people would pay the entire
debt before the end of the next Administration,
if it should be an honest Administration, as it
assuredly will if General Grant lives. The
taxation, then, .should bo reduced at least
$75,000,000. The question, then, becomes an
important one, "Prom what portion of tbc
revenues should this reduction be made?"
This bill, if it becomes a law m anything like
its present shape, as I hope it will, will take
from the internal revenue about thirty-five
million dollars. And, with all deference to the
opinions of other gentlemen, I think that this
is all the reduction we should make from the
internal tax; the balance of the $75,000,000
should be taken from the tariff upon articles
in common use among the people, and which
we do not produce in this country. We re-
ceived from tea and coffee last year about
twenty-one million dollars, which is the same
as a direct tax upon the people, an odious
tax, a tax which takes as much from the poor
day-laborer as it does from the millionaire.
We received from sugar last year $32,000,000,
which is also a direct tax upon the people,
odious and unequal, because imposed and ex-
actedwithout regard to ability to pay. In tlltise
three items of tea, coffee, and sugar there is
imposed on the people a tax of $5o,000,000,
which ought to be repealed, and which I trust
will be before this Congress adjourns.
If we repeal these tariff duties upon tea,
coffee, and sugar, in addition to the $35,000,000
this bill reduces the internal tax, we will have
reduced taxation as much as we should. The
question is theu simply this: as honest legis-
lators, looking to the good of all the people,
should we abolish the tariff.tax upon these
articles of the people's food and their every-
day subsistence) or should we leave that
den to stand, and repeal the income tax, and
thus relieve the wealth of the land? It does
seem to me, Mr. Speaker, that on this ques-
tion we ought not to hesitate a moment as to
our duty. I have referred to the nature ol tne
tax on tea, coffee, and sugar, and I may in-
elude salt, as being unequal, unjust, ana tru. y
odious, because taking,as much from the hove
as from the palace, as much from the lean
