1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL G-LOBE.
193
41st Cons....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Beps.
Friday, March 25, 1870.
The House resumed tlie consideration of the
same subject.
Mr. ALLISON". Mr. Chairman, at the close
of the session yesterday afternoon I was en-
deavoring to show the rise and progress of the
existing tariff and the causes therefor originat-
ing in the internal revenue laws that were
passed from time to time, from 1861 to 1865, for
the purpose of raising revenue to maintain the
Government in its struggle with the rebellion.
I stated that on the 30th of June 1864, an ad
valorem internal revenue tax was imposed
upon manufactures in this country equivalent
to 5 per cent, upon their gross products and
that tax of 6 per cent, was increased by an
act passed in March, 1865, so that it became 6
percent, upon the gross product of every article
manufactured or consumed in this country in
the way of internal revenue tax. This large
internal revenue tax was made the excuse and
the cause of the advance of the tariff of July
14, 1862, and June 30, 1864. I quoted the lan-
guage yesterday of the then chairman of the
Committee of Ways aud Means in 1862, Mr.
Thaddeus Stevens, himself aprotectionist, and
certainly in favor of the protection of the great
interest of Pennsylvania, iron. He made a
pledge upon this floor in 1862 that those addi-
tions of duties upon manufactured articles im-
ported in this country were made necessary
because of the internal revenue taxes. Both
he and Mr. Morrill, subsequently chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, declared
that the act of June 30, 1864, was a temporary
measure, a war measure, and was not intended
as a measure which should remain upon the
statute-book as a protective tariff in time of
peace.
Now, it may be said, in reply to what I have
said of this pledge, that after the close of the
war, in the Thirty-Ninth Congress the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means reported a tariff bill to
this House increasing the duties imposed by
the act of June DO, 1864. I agree that they
did report such a bill, and I now quote the
language of Mr. Morrill, then chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, with reference
to that bill. He stated, in introducing the bill
into the House, that he regarded it as "only
a temporary measure," "lit to be introduced
only because of the imperious necessities of
our present condition." He said "that now,
upon the return of peace, we ought to begin
to practice the stem duties of economy,
and make some approach to the former rule
of estimates, when an advance of even 5 per
cent, in our scale of duties was weighed with as
much scrupulousness as gold dust is weighed
in the balance." That was the language of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means when he introduced into the Thirty-
Ninth Congress the tariff measure increasing
the duties imposed under the act of June 30,
1864. He said that it was made necessary by
the imperious necessities of our condition.
And what were those necessities? They were
necessities imposed by the existence of tax
upon tax.
It cannot be claimed that Mr. Morkill was
not and is not in favor of a protective tariff.
Yet he characterized the measure in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress as " temporary measure,"
because of the taxes that were imposed by the
internal revenue laws—taxes upon the manu-
factures of the country, that amounted in the
very year the bill was reported to $128,000,000,
or more than twice the amount that is to-day
collected upon foreign manufactures by reason
of import duties. Of the §128,000,000 col-
lected in 1866 the iron interest—and! refer to
it because it is a great interest, aud not because
1 wish to make any invidious distinction—the
iron interest paid $12,000,000 into the Treas-
ury in the shape of internal taxes.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 13.
Now, what are these internal taxes as applied
to iron ? Iam again compelled to call the atten-
tion of the Committee of the Whole to the state-
ment of Hon. D. J. Moriiell as to the tax
paid by iron manufacturers in 1866 in the
shape of internal taxes. He states that the
amount of direct tax upon a gross ton of iron
rails was $8 40 ; the amount of indirect tax
paid by the laborer, $5 83; ahd other indirect
taxes about $2 more—making the total tax
$16 23 per ton, or 55 cents per ton more than
the entire import duty upon railroad iron at
that time.
_ Now, all these taxes, with the single excep-
tionof the taxes upon stamps and upon income,
and the tax upon distilled spirits used, have
been abrogated. There is now a small tax of
$2 per $1,000 upon sales ; but that tax will
doubtless be removed before the adjournment
of the present session.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Has there
been any advance on railroad iron since the
repeal of those internal taxes ?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not propose to discuss
now the question of the advance or the reduc-
tion of the price ot railroad iron. I will an-
swer the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Morrell] by saying to him that he told us in
1866 that he paid internal taxes, directly and
indirectly, upon each ton of iron produced by
him at the Cambria Iron Works, the sum of
$16 83 ; nearly all of which taxes have been
removed. We are now asked to increase the
duty on various manufactures of iron.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. ALLISON. I will.
Mr. COX. I desire to say, in addition to
what has been said by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] that I was on the com-
mittee of conference upon the tariff of 1864.
The reason why that conference report was
made as it was made—the reason given by Mr.
Morrill and Mr. Pessenden—was that the
internal tax had been raised; but that the
moment that tax was reduced they would be
in favor of reducing the custom duties. That
was understood when that report was made
upon the tariff of 1864 ; it was one of the con-
ditions leading the conference committee to
report that measure.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did the gentleman sign
that report ?
Mr. COX. I did not; but such was the
fact.
Mr. MAYNARD. That consideration did
not operate on the gentleman, at all events.
Mr. ALLISON. In 1866, when Mr. Morrill
introduced into the Thirty-Ninth Congress a
tariff measure as a temporary measure, the
manufacturers of this country were groaning
under a weight of taxation equivalent to
$128,000,000 per annum.
These taxes, by successive acts of repeal,
have all been removed. First came the reve-
nue act of July 13, 1866, when the internal tax
was removed from most manufactures of iron
and steel, and reduced upon manufactures of
woolens, and the free list enlarged. In March,
1867, a further reduction of taxes was made,
and by the act of March, 1868, all taxes upon
manufactures were abolished, save only the tax
of $2 per $1,000 upon sales; thus practically
relieving the domestic industry of the country
of a burden which in 1865 was $73,000,000
in round numbers ; in 1866, $128,000,000 ; in
1867, $92,000,000; and in 1868, $62,000,000.
The abolition of these taxes successively upon
domestic manufactures had the effect to in-
crease and still increases by so much the tariff
upon similar articles, inasmuch as no reduc-
tion has yet been made in the tariff.
A GEXKKAL KEDUCTIOX OF DUTIES SHOULD BE MADE.
It is admitted by all that the increase of the
tariff was commenced and carried on upon the
basis of the protective duties of the Morrill
tariff of 1861, the increase of direct taxation,
which, added to the price of domestic manu-
factures, rendered an increased tariff neces-
sary in order to_ prevent our country from
being flooded with cheaper foreign produc-
tions. Certainly, then, upon the decrease of
internal taxation the tariff may be and ought
to be decreased in proportion, the danger being
no longer in existence which was sought to be
averted by those increased duties.
But I may be asked how this reduction shall
be made. I think it should be made upon all
leading articles, or nearly all; and for that pur-
pose, when I can get the opportunity in the
House, if no gentleman does it before me, I
shall move that the pending bill be recommitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means with in-
structions to report a reduction upon existing
rates of duty equivalent to 20 per cent, upon
the existing rates, or one fifth reduction. Even
this will not be a full equivalent for the removal
of all internal taxes upon manufactures. It
will not be difficult to make a reduction upon
this basis.
Mr. SCHENC1L Will the gentleman please
explain whether his proposition is to instruct
the committee to make a reduction of 20 per
cent, on iron manufactures as well as all other
articles?
Mr. ALLISON. I propose a reduction of
20 percent, upon the leading articles. Of course
I do not mean to say that we should make a
uniform reduction of 20 per cent, on every ar-
ticle. Thisreduction,asmyfriendknows, 3hould
and will be made with discretion, and apply to
leading articles of production having reference
to the mode by which the increase was origin-
ally made._ I am not to be told that such a re-
duction will impair the revenue. It cannot
have that effect if $150,000,000 only is to be
raised. The average per cent, of the existing
tariff under the importations of 1869 is 45 J per
cent, upon a total importation during the year
of $400,000,000 in value. An average reduc-
tion of 20 per cent, upon the same importation
in value would make the average of the tariff 37
percent., which would yield an annual revenue
of about $150,000,000. But as the consump-
tion of leading articles not produced in this
country isconstantly increasing, it may be safely
assumed that under such reduction the revenue
would reach $160,000,000 annually; which
wouldallow thefree list to be enlarged as pro-
vided for in the bill now pending and still leave
ample revenue.
The average rate under the tariff of 1862 was
27J; so that with the proposed reduction the
tariff would still be an average of 25 per cent,
in excess of that of 1862, which was passed,
according to the declaration of Mr. Stevens, as
a measure to compensate manufacturers for the
internal taxation imposed that year.
CHAKACTEE OF THE PENDING BILL.
I desire now to call attention to the leading
features of the bill under consideration. The
bill is remarkable for what it omits as well as
for what it proposes. No substantial reduc-
tion has been made upon any of the leading
articles excepting sugar, tea, coffee, spices,
and a small reduction upon pig iron. It is true
that the free list is enlarged; but it is equally
true that this enlargement is to a great extent
in the interest of the manufacturers, as will be
seen by an examination of the leading import-
ations under the existing free list, which im-
portations amounted last year to about $41,-
000,000. I will not deny that there are
exceptions; but in the main the pending bill
looks in the same direction, the most of the.
articles placed upon the free list being such as
are leading elements in the protected products
of manufacturers. And if the manufacturer
has the tax taken off the articles entering into
his manufactures, the price for which he sells
