2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
towns and cities, and the plastic material is
standing all around us which strong-willed and
designing men can wold into blind worshipers
in this Mormon temple ; and the railroad will
only facilitate their passage to the dominion of
their spiritual and temporal lord.
The argument against one section of the bill
which the honorable gentleman illustrated by
his vivid and touching allusion to the bronzed
Delilah of the plains was, I should judge, a
masterpiece of its kind, and certainly exhib-
ited an intimate ancFexhaustiye knowledge of
the subject which he was discussing. If, how-
ever, the gentleman s insinuations were based
upon a knowledge of facts I cannot conceive
how he reconciles them with another position
which he assumed, that the impulses and pas-
sions of mankind conspired against polygamy.
After having assumed so many positions in
his opposition to this bill, sneering at the re-
publican idea that polygamy is a relic of bar-
barism and then characterizing it as abarbarous
Turkish custom; calling it an evil, and then
comparing it to a tree that bears good fruit;
insisting that it disobeyed no controllingpower,
but admitting that it was guilty of unlawful
acts; acknowledging that the bill would destroy
polygamy, but asserting that it would be totally
inoperative and impracticable, I felt a little
disappointed that the gentleman did not perfect
his argument by a quotation from the Bible, a
practice that has become 30 common on the
other side of this House that I have been in-
clined to suspect that itwaspartof aooncerted
scheme to bring that book into contempt in
furtherance of the effort that is made to exclude
it from the public schools.
1 do not propose to occupy the time of the
House by entering into an explanation of the
separate sections of this bill. This has already
been ably done by the honorable chairman of
the committee. Thai the bill is entirely per-
fect in all its provisions I do not suppose;
neither do I think this House is willing to re-
ceive from any of its committees a bill as im-
portant in its character as this without subjecting
it to its own searching revision. That the pas"
sage ot this bill is unnecessary, because time
will effect all the results that the bill is intended
to accomplish without irritating the Mormon
sensibilities or wounding the feelings of those
pious worshipers at a heathen shrine, is an
argument as specious and delusive as it is trivial
and unstatesman-like. it is the old let-us-alonc
policy ot the other relic ot barbarism, and is a
part of those weak and temporizing councils
that protected slavery in its infancy and which
the nation at last expiated by such fearful
sacrifices.
_ I t is said that the bill is severe in its pro-
visions, and will be harsh and cruel in its oper-
ations. Do gentlemen think these are flagrant
and aggressive evils which we propose to de-
stroy, or do they regard them as "megrims,"
removed from the sphere oi legislation by being
sacredly enshrined among the religious tenets
of the people by whom they are embraced?
II belief in polygamy and tho possession of
supreme spirhuai and temporal power by one
man, who acknowledges 110 rightiul controlling
civil authority, is a religion within the mean-
nig 01 the first constitutional amendment, then
you should defeat this bill, repeal all uncon-
stitutional enactments against polygamy, re-
move your Governorand judges from Utah, for
they .interfere with the full enjoyment of this
religion, whose prophets and seers receive rev-
elations direct from the Almighty, giving them
tne absolute power over their own people and
promising them the future control of the whole
nation. If any system of faith and worship
wnose votaries call it religion is to be regarded
as. such by the law-making power, then the
Hindoo may erect his altar beside our Chris-
tian churches and immolate his infants to his
blood-thirsty god, and the fetich worshiper
may transfer to some beautiful garden, walled
m by protecting bills and fertilized by cool
mountain streams in Our virgin West, his bar-
barous rites that will pile up scores of human
victims on the funeral pile of his tribal chief.
But polygamy is denounced by the Mormon
scriptures. Can it, then, be a part of their re-
ligion? Their sacred book says, "Wherefore,
my brethren, hear me, and hearken unto the
word of the Lord, for there shall not any man
among you have save one wife; and concubines
he shall have none, for I the Lord delight in
the chastity of women." How then does it
become the most vital part of their holy faith?
Why, by an after revelation to their prophet,
high priest, and king.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. If the gentleman
had turned over a little further he would have
found a saving clause. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I yield to the gentleman
in his knowledge of the Mormon doctrine.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Dolunderstand
the gentleman from Utah to say that the Mor-
mon bible provides for its own amendment?
Mr. HOOPER, ofUtah. Not for its amend-
ment; but it recognizes the fact that there may
be future revelations.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not aware of the
"saving clause" to which the gentleman al-
ludes; but I was aware of the revelation; and
that is the manner in which polygamy is now
sanctioned, by a spccial revelation.
But are we prepared to recognize all the rev-
elations of self-styled seers as religions within
the meaning of our Constitution? Suppose
some devout enthusiast should collect one hun-
dred thousand earnest followers and establish
a hierarchy in one of the rich sequestered val-
leys, buried deep among the hills of our western
sierras, acknowledging 110 central governing
power but the Almighty, and the authority of
no laws but those received from llim by reve-
lation, through their priests as His recognized
vicegerents,, would Congress be powerless to
so far interfere with their religion as to reduce
them to subjection to the laws of the country;
or would they he allowed to perpetuate an inde-
pendent Government within the limits of tho
national authority?
This whole argument against the bill, based
upon its interference with the religion of a peo-
ple, needs ouly to be plainly stated to show its
absurdity.
If tho convictions of nine tenths of thu people
of the country are well founded, and are to be
respccted, then wo should treat this system of
Mormon faith and practice as a relic of bar-
barism, and a dangerous and demoralizing
social and political wrong, which should bo
destroyed or suppressed.
. And must the laws for the protection of so-
ciety be tempered to the wants of the criminals
whom they are to restrain, because the lives
and liberties of the offenders are imperiled by
their violation? This extreme love and affec-
tion policy of government that has found so
many advocates in the last few years may
evince tho possession of a very sensitive emo-
tional. nature, but I regard it as a verv poor
exhibition of practical statesmanship. It fos-
ters and encourages evils instead of removing
them. It augments the total amount of humau
suffering rather than diminishes it. It pro-
longed and aggravated the horrors of tho rebel-
lion by counseling soft words and weak blows.
It would have submitted to a dismembered
Union rather than shed human blood. It would
make treason honorable before punishing it as
a.crime, and has sacrificed scores of innocent
victims to its tender regard for the feelings of
those who have been guilty of the darkest
offenses against humanity and the Union.
Tho President, whose kind-heartedness be-
trays him into his few errors, has been partially
won over to this policy, and has applied it to
government of the. Indians. These innocent
• wards of the nation" are now so successfully
protected against the barbarous attacks of the
savage pioneers that Mr. Colyer, their watch-
ful guardian, is finding time to apply the prin-
mSiSa « ne.w system to another mueh-
flbtrsea tstfe (hut inhabits oar western prairies.
In his recent report he says one of these crea-
tures crossed the road in front of him, and
some of his own party attempted to kill it, but
" happily," he says, did not succeed, " for in
the economy of nature," says our Solon of this
new order, " they no doubt have their uses as
well as we, and there is room enough on these
wide prairies for us both so there is a pros-
pept now that this theory of tenderness will
culminate by a recommendation from this gen-
tleman that security shall be guarantied these
" wards" by the establishment of a bureau for
the protection and education of rattlesnakes.
I am not insensible to the power of kindness
nor a stranger to the deep pleadings of sympa-
thy. We should not pursue a revengeful policy,
but temper justice with mercy.; neither should
we forget that we are to legislate for man as
he is and not for that ideal state of society
which our high aspirations would so gladly
realize. We should not pursue the defiant and
vicious violator of the laws with vindictive cru-
elty ; neither should we incur his contempt by
a course of vacillation and pusillanimity.
Wc have temporized and compromised with
festering wrongs until experience ought to have
taught us wisdom. We have too often closed
our eyes to the significance of growing evils,
and quieted our consciences with the hope that
time would relieve us from the discharge of
manifest but disagreeable duties.
Let us not in the treatment of this national
shame repeat the folly and crimes of those who
persisted in seeing in slavery nothing but a
questionable temporary evil, that would finally
yield to population and knowledge, until the
whole nation is infected with the subtle poison
of the iniquity and again humbled by provok-
ing the corrective judgments of infinite Power.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, obtained the floor.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. 1 will. '
Mr. FITCH. I move to amend this bill by-
adding to it tho following:
Sec. .33. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions oi this act shall, so far as tho same are applica-
ble, be extended to all the States and Territories of
tho Union wherein tho crimes of bigamy, polygamy,
or concubinage have been or may be practiced,
Mr. PETERS. That does not include the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FITCH. No; I omitted the District
of Columbia on purpose. [Laughter.]
Mr. CULLOM. f ask unanimous consent
that there be a session of tho House to-night
for debate upon this bill, and I think I shall
move the previous question before the House
adjourns.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Does any
one else want to speak ?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Urali
[Mr. Hooper] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Will thegentleman from Utah
allow mc to make a privileged report? It will
not take more than five minutes."
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. So far us 1 am
concerned I have no objection.
Mr. CULLOM. If it be the desire of the
House I will move that there be a session to-
night for debate upon this bill only, except
that I shall have the right to call the previous
question, if I deem it advisable, before adjourn-
ment to-night.
Mr. WARD. Whv not call the previous
question now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that by general consent the previous question
might be seconded and the main question or-
dered at this time; and then, if the House is
so disposed, the hour usually accorded to the
chairman of the committee reporting the bill,
might be prolonged so as to allow an evening
session for discussion only.
Mr. WELKER. Would not that cut off all
propositions for amending the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. WELKER. Then I must object-
JIr. WARD. It seems to me that it would
he better to take the vote now upon ordering
