4040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
.June 2,
hand of poverty as from the full one of afflu*
ence, as much from the child of want and of
toil as from the heir of fortune, of wealth, and
of ease; and I defy a, man to call- this equal
or just taxation.
Now, sir, what is this income tax? I under'
take to say that in the whole range of taxation
there is no more equal or just system of taxa-
tion than this. I wish to be understood that
when I say equal taxation I do not mean a sys-
tem which takes from all men the same amount.
, Such a system would be most unequal. I mean
jthat system which comes nearest in accord with
that fundamental maxim or rule of taxation
laid down by Adam Smith, and the soundness
and justice of which are recognized by modern
writers, as well as by the common sense of
mankind, which is this:
"The subjects of every State ought to contribute
toward the support of the Government as nearly as
possible in proportion to their respective abilities,
that is, in proportion to the revenue which they re-
spectively enjoy under the protection of the State.
In tho observation or neglect of this maxim oonsists
what is called equality or inequality of taxation."
This rule, I say, is not only indorsed by great
writers upon this question, but recommends
itself to the sense of justice of every man.
Now, try the income tax by this rule, and you
find it to be a righteous tax, a just and equal
tax. It takes nothing from any one whose
income and profits do not exceed $1,500 per
annum, and from all who have an income of
more than §1,500 it proposes to take but five
per cent, of the surplus over and above the
$1,500. It takes only from the surplus wealth.
It does not press down with'leaden weight
upon the head of poverty, or invade with ruth-
less hand the home of the poor to extort its
pittance from the hard earnings of honest toil.
It goes only to the house of opulence, and
takes only where there is much left. Tried,
then, by the fundamental rule or maxim of
taxation it is a most euual and just system of
taxation.
It is well mid truly said by a late writer,
Amasa Walker, LL.D., in his work uponpolit-
ical economy, in speaking of the income tax:
" Of all modes of taxation this is the most just and
equitable. 10very man can afford to pay according
to Ins income, and ought to. There is no other per-
fect standard of taxation, none which does notintlict
more or less hardship and injustice. Were it to
supersede all other forms of taxation perfect equal-
ity would be established, and property and labor
would each bear its just share of tho public bur-
dens."
And again, the same distinguished author
says:
"This tax is in perfect accord with tho first maxim
laid down by Adam Smith, that ' overy man should
bo taxed according to tho revenue ho derives under
tho,State;' and also consistent with overy other prin-
ciple wo have stated. It is 'clear and plain' to the
contributor and every other person. The income-
tax payer knows when and how much he pays, and
it can bo collected .1-3 conveniently and economically
as any other."
Now, sir, in view of these facts, could we go
home and tell our constituents that we had
removed from the shoulders of the wealthy the
income tax, but had kept upon the people the
tax upon their tea, their coffee, and their sugar?
For one, I will not. 1 am in favor of lilting
the burdens from the labor and the industry
of tho country. I do not so much wonder
at gentlemen who represent New York city
advocating the abolition of this income tax,
because, by reason of the accumulated wealth
and capital of that great city, it pays a large
proportion of this tax;; and while they must see
the justice of the tax, yet I have never yet seen
any people who would pay taxes if they could
avoid them ; but I must saythat I am surprised
that any western man should advocate the
abolition of this tax.
The whole amount raised last year from this
tax was $25,000,000, of which New York State
poid $8,198,000, or about one third of the entire
amount. New York paid more of this tax than
all tho States west of the Alleghany mountains,
both North and South, and including the Pa-
cific States. Therefore I can excuse the Rep-
resentatives of her city districts in voting to
repeal the tax; but I appeal to Representatives
of the western and southern States, I appeal to
Representatives from the rural districts of the
the East, to stand by this system of taxation,
which is right in principle, and just and equal
in its effects, and which places the burdens of
taxation upon the shoulders of those most able
to bear them. And as We lift the burdens of
taxation let us lift them first from the laboring
intefests of the country. In this way we will
the most rapidly and surely restore public
prosperity and general contentment among the
people. But if, on the contrary, you take the
other course, contended for by gentlemen upon
this floor, abolish the income tax, and relieve
the wealth and capital ofthe country from its few
burdens, and continue your indirect taxation
upon the necessaries of life, the daily food of
the people, although it may make but little
present dissatisfaction, it will most assuredly
lead in the end, as all injustice will, to deep
and widespread discontent; and I assure you,
sir, that in this country the people will always
triumph in the end.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend by adding
to section thirty-five the following:
Provided, Th&tthetaxshallbeapportioned among
the States according to their population, and levied
and collected by the several States.
1 simply wish to say that I regret that, after
having requested to be recognized during this
debate, I have not been able to obtain tho floor
to discuss this subject.
The SPEAKER. Thereareaboutfortygen-
tlemen in the same condition. TheChaircan-
not make five minutes more than live minutes.
Mr. STILES.. Tho greater part of the time
has been occupied by the friends of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stiles] must be aware that a
full proportion of members have been recog-
nized on the Democratic side.
Mr. STILES. I did not speak of the Demo-
cratic side. I said that the " friends of the
bill" had had more ofthe time than its oppo-
nents.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to amend as
follows:
Strike out ih tho first clause of section thirty-six
the words "or accrued " in lino four, and tho words
''whether paid or not, if good and collcctablo," in
line six; so that tho clause will read:
That in estimating tho gains, profits, and income
of aiiy person there shall bo included all income de-
rived from any kind of property, rents, interest re-
ceived upon all notes, bonds, and mortgages, or other
forms of indebtedness bearing interest, interest upon
notes, bonds, or other securities of the United States.
Amend the same section by striking out in lines
twenty-four and twonty-fivo the words "but not
including any pal-t thereof consumed directly by the
family;" so that tho clause will road:
Tho amount of sales of livestock, sugar, wool, bat-
tor, cheese, pork, beef, mutton, or other meats, hay
and grain, fruits, vegetables or other productions,
being the growth or produce of tho estate of such
person.
Amend the proviso of section forty so as to read as
follows:
Provided, That no assistant assessorshall permit to
bo published in any manner such income returns of
any individual or any part thereof.
Amend section thirty-eight so as to read as follows:
That in addition to the exemptions provided in tho
preceding section there shall be deducted from the
gains, profits, and income of any pomon all national.
State, county, and municipal taxes paid by him within
the year, whether such person be owner, tenant, or
mortgager; all his losses actually sustained during
the yedr arising from fires, shipwreck, or incurred in
trade, and debts ascertained to be worthless, includ-
ing actual depreciation of values; the amount of
interest money paid out, and tho amount paid for
rent and labor to enable him to cultivate land or con-
duct any other business; the amount paid for tho rent
of the house or premises occupied as a residence for
himself or his family, and the amount paid out for
usual and ordinary repairs. No deduction shall bo
made for any amount paid out for new buildings,
permanent improvements, or betterments made to
incroaso the value of any property.or estate.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to amend section
thirty-five so as to read as follows:
- That there shall be levied and collected annually
a tax of five per cent, upon the gains, profits, and
income of every person residing in theUnited States,
and of every citizen of the United States residing
abroad, dented froih interest on United States bonds,
whether within oi without tho United States, except
as hereafter provided, and a tax of two per cent,
annually upon tho gains, profits, and income derived
from ahy business, trade, or profession carried on in
the United States by any person residing within or
without the United States, and whether a citizen
thereof or not, or from rents of real estate within
the United States owned by-any person residing
within or without the United.States, and whether a
citizen thereof or not.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to amend section
thirty-eight by inserting after-the word "fires"
the word "floods;" so that the clause will read,
"on ail losses actually sustained during the
year, arising from fires, floods," &c.
Mr. BURCITARD, I move to amend sec-
tion forty by inserting after the word "return,"
iti line eighteen, the words "after notice to
such party; " so that the clause will read :
The assistant assessor shall require every such re-
turn tt> be verified by the oath of the party render-
ing it, and may increase the amount of any return,
atter notice to such party, if he has reason to believe
that the same is understated.
Mr. TOWNSBND. 1 move, in section forty,
to strike out "$1,500" and insert "$2,000"
wherever they occur, so as to make the amount
of exemption $2,000 instead of $1,500.
The SPEAKE R. That amendment is already
pending.
Mr. IS LA. I propose to modify my amend-
ment. as follows :
Page 79, section forty, lino ten, after tho word
"corporation," insert "nor the wages of minor
children not received."
Mr. MAYHAM, Mr. STOKES, Mr. BIGGS,
Mr.COOK, Mr. WINCHESTER, Mr. STILES,
Mr. REEVES, Mr. WITCHER, and Mr.
CREBS, by unanimous consent, were granted
leave to print in the Globe, as part ofthe
debates, their remarks on the pending subject
of the income tax. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LYNCH. I move, on page 75, section
thirty-five, line two, to strike out "five per
cent." and insert "two per cent,;" and I
believe more revenue will be received by the
Government from a two per cent, tax than
will be received from a five per cent tax.
Mr. INGERSOLL. T desire to move a mod-
ification of the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. .Judd,] so as to exclude from his motion
to stril:e out these words on page 76, section '
thirty-six, lines twelve and thirteen, "or as
Senator, Representative, or Delegate in Con-
gress. ''
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois lias modified liisainendmeut to that extent
already.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am ex-
ceedingly sorry to have occasion to cut off the
speeches of any gentlemen who may be charged
with them to be delivered on this subject; but
we have so sparkled upon it that we shall 'have
to reconcile ourselves, I suppose, by the enjoy-
ment of what we have had for the loss of some-
thing which may have been suppressed or lost
during the period of gestation. [Laughter.]
I wish gentlemen to remember this is not.
the last Congress that will probably eVer be in
session, and it is not necessary all reduction
of taxes, whether in the shape of impost duties
or by internal burdens upon the people, shall
take place at this session. We ate feeling our
way. Since I have had the honor to be chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, if
what we now propose be enacted into law, I
shall have the satisfaction ot' contributing to
a reduction of $12.°,,000.000 per annum upon
what before that had been the burden upon the
people occasioned by the war. And there have
been other reductions since the war before that
time.
We have proposed a reduction by this bill
of thirty or thirty-four million dollars—about
thirty-four million dollars with the amendments;
but we had not included the income tax as one
that was to be abandoned. We propose to
reduce that by increasing the exemption from
§1,000 to $1,500, for which purpose are in-
cluded in the reduction of some thirty-four
million dollars nearly six million dollars taken
