1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4041
off the income tax. My own opinion is, not-
withstanding the figures presented by gentle-
men, it is as much as we can safely do at this
time; but I am not prepared to say next year
or the year after, and so on as we shall see we
can by any proper administration of the affairs
of the Government provide for its wants and
meet its obligations, we may not continue these
reductions.
Again, I desire to repeat what I have said to-
day, that gentlemen are not to be misled by Sup 
posing all that will be proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the shape of
reduction of the burdens on the people is
included in this bill. I have no objection to
stating distinctly, so there may be no misun-
derstanding, that I have a section or two pre-
pared to be offered at the close of the bill,
which will provide for a reduction of internal
taxes, and by Other provisions in reference to
the tariff of this country is to take oif some
twenty-three or twenty-four million dollars
more than this bill will take off the internal
taxes.
A colleague of mine on the committee, from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] to my surprise,
from what has taken place heretofore in our
joint consideration of this subject, criticises
good deal these sections in relation to the
income tax. I have no objection to that. But
I think it would be far better for him, if there
be error in the form or in the provisions of the
sections, to assist us in perfecting the system
instead of seeking to wipe it out altogether.
Mi*. KELLEY. I beg to say that I take no
exception to the details. 1 move to strike out
the whole of it as a system.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that that is my
colleague's motion. But in his speech he
objected to various matters in the details.
.Now, sir, what have we proposed? I have
already alluded to one material change, that is,
to increase the exemption to $1,500, the effect
of which would be to reduce the tax by nearly
six million dollars. We have provided also
that all salaries which have heretofore been
very unequally burdened by not having the
advantage of any deduction from them as
income, shall be returned as other income and
share the benefit of any deduction. Wc have
• also provided that no person shall bo requited
to make a return unless his gross income
amounts to §1,500 or upward. We have also
provided, in regard to the future form which
we propose this bill shall take, that a more lib-
eral allowance shall bo made with regard to
interest on money.
Thus, then, without going further into detail,
by a careful revision of all the sections which
relate to the income tax, we have sought to
ameliorate and soften its conditions upon the
tax-payer in such a manner as to clear it from
many of the criticisms which have been made
in the course of this debate, and from many
of the objections which have heretofore been
made to it as a form of taxation. If, however,
the motion to strike it all out should prevail, 1
want gentlemen to remember that they will
not only strike out $25,000,000 of revenue,
which we cannot afford to do, no matter what
gentlemen may say to the contrary, this year
at least, nor until we feel our way a little iur-
ther, but they will strike out the only provision
made in the law, and, as some think, the only
one which can bo made in the law, lor taxing
the income derived from United States bonds.
And if they strike out all the sectious in this
bill relating to income they will strike out the
tax on salaries.
Mr. BIRD. Before the gentleman proceeds
further, I should like him to tell me how much
the income derived from Government bonds
amounts to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot state the amount
precisely. I understand that from one thou-
sand to twelve hundred millions of our bonds
are held in this country, the rest being held
abroad. Take the interest on them at six per
cent., and calculatefive per cent. on the amount
of interest payable on this. If "the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] will make that
calculation he will arrive at what he wants. I
have not time, in the five minutes allowed me,
to go through the calculation.
■ [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the pending sections and the
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question Was ordered ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have now a proposition
to submit to the House. I ask that by unan-
imous consent we proceed to consider the other
sections of the bill, so that we may have all
those amendments printed for the House to
vote on them when we meet to-morrow morn-
ing. Unless this is done we can hardly know
what they are.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes that by unanimous consent the House
proceed to the consideration of section forty-
four, and that all the amendments pending on
the sections relating to the income tax shall
be printed for consideration to-morrow. The
Chair hears no objection to that arrangement.
Mr. ALLISON. Section forty-four also
relates to the income tax.
The SPEAKER. It was not included in
the motion yesterday as to the sections relating
to the income tax which should be considered
together. The Clerk will now read the next
section, section forty-four.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, Til at thero shall
be levied and colleetcd a tax oflive per cent, on the
amount of all-interest or coupons paid on bonds or
other evidences of debt issued and payable after more
than two years from date, and on the amount of all
dividends of earnings, income, or gains hereafter
declared, by any incorporated bank, trust company,
savings institution, insurance company, railroad
company, steamboat or steamship company, oanai
company, turnpike company, canal navigation com-
pany, slackwatcr company, manufacturing company,
mining company, coal company, gas company, and
bridge company, whenever and wherever tho Maine
shall bo payable, and to whatsoever person thesatno
may bo due, includtri',' non-residents, whether citi-
zens or aliens, and on all undivided profits of any
such corporationwhicilhaveaecruedand boen earned
and added to any surplus, contingent,or other fund;
and every such corpoiation having paid tho tax as
aforesaid is hereby authorized to deduct and with-
hold from any payment on account of interest, cou-
pons, and dividends an amount ciiual to the tax of
live per cent, on tho same; and tho payment to tho
•United States, as provided by law, of the amount
of tax so deducted from tho interest, coupons, and
dividends aforesaid shall discharge tho corpoiation
from any liability for that amount of said interest,
coupons, or dividends, claimed as due to any person,
oxcopt in cases where said corporations havo provided
otherwise by an express contract: Provided, That
tho tax upon the dividends of insurance companies
shall not be deemeddue until sueli dividends are pay-
able; and that the money returned by mutual life
insuraucc companies to their policy holders, and the
annual or somi-annual interest allowed or paid to
the depositors m savings banks or savings institu-
tions, shall not be considered as dividends ; and that
when any dividend is made, or interest as aforesaid
is paid, which includes any part of the surplus or
contingent fund of any corporation which has been
assessed and tho tax paid thereon, or which includes
any part of the dividends, interest, or coupons re-
ceived from other corporations whose oliicors arc
authorized bylaw to with hold a per cent, on the same,
tho amount of tax so paid on that portion of the sur-
plus or contingentfund.aniltheamountof taxwhich
has been withhold and paid on dividends, interest,
or coupons so received, may be deducted from the
tax on such dividends or interest.
Mr. BECK. I offer the amendments which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line four, after the word " issued " insert " by
the United States."
In lino live, after the word "date " insert " also on
all bonds or other evidences of debt issued and pay-
able as aforesaid."
In line sixteen, after the word " and " insert " the
disbursing officers of the United States ^nd."
In line ^cvcnieen, after tho word "authorized"
insert" and directed."
In lino twenty-two, after the Word "discharge"
insert "the said disbursing officers of the United
States, and."
So that the section as amended will read:
Seo. 44. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be levied and collected a tax of five per cent, on tho
amount of all interest or coupons paid on bonds or
other evidences of debt issued by the United States
and payable after more than two years from date ;
also on all bonds or other evidences of debt issued
and payable as aforesaid, and on the amount of all
dividends of earnings, income, or gains hereafter
declared by any incorporated bank, trust company,
savings institution, insurancecompany,railroad com-
pany, steamboat or steamship company, canal com-
pany, turnpikeoompany, oanalnavigation company,
slackwater company, manufacturing company, min-
inglcompany, coal company, gas company, and bridge
company, whenever and wherever the same shall be
payable, and to whatsoever person the same may bo
due, including non-residents, whether citizens or
aliens, and on all undivided prohts of any such cor-
poration which have acorued and been earned and
added to any surplus contingent or other fund, and
the disbursing: ofiicct'S of the United States andevory
such Corporation having paid the tax as aforesaid, is
hereby authorised and directed to deduct and with-
hold from any payment on account of interest cou-
pons and dividends an amount equal to tho tax of
live per Cont. on tho same; and tho paymont to tho
United States as provided by law of the amount of
tax so deducted from the interest, coupons, and div-
idends aforesaid, shall discharge the said disburs-
ing officers of tho United States and the corporation
from any liability for that amount of said interest,
coupons, or dividends, claimed as duo to any person,
cxcc.pt in eases where said corporations have pro-
vided otherwise by a.n express contract: Provided,
That tho tax upon tho dividends of insurahco com-
panies shall not be deemed due until such dividends
arc payable; and that the money returned by mutual
lite insurance companies to their policy-holdcrs, and
the annual or semi-annual interest allowed or paid
to the depositors in saviugs banks or savings insti-
tution", shall not bo considered as dividends; and
that when any dividend is made, or interest as afore-
said is paid, which includes any pait of tho surplus
or contingent fund oi any corporation which has been
assessed and tho tax paid thereon, or which includes
any part ot the dividends, interest, or coupons re-
ceived from other corporations whoso officers are
authorized by law to withhold a per cent, on the
same, the amount ot tax so paid on that portion of
the surplus or contingent fund, a,nd the amount of
tax which has beca withheld and paid on dividends,
interest, or coupons so received may be deducted
irom the fax on such dividend or interest.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, it will be ob-
served that the amendments I propose put the
bonds of the United Stales oii the same loot-
ing as railroad and other corporation bonds
are placed by this section, and directs the
proper disbursing officers of the United States
to retain the live per cent, tax on the suini-
annual interest paid thereon as is now by law
required to be clone in all other corporation
stocks, bonds, and securities, and thus enables
us to reach all the holders, whether resident
or non-residents, citizens or aliens. We now
require all our own people to pay this five per
cent, income tax on the interest derived by the
United States bonds, but we all know, and if
we did norbefore tile debate of to-day has dis-
closed what frauds are perpetrated on the rev-
enue in the giving in of the true amounts of
income. All this will be cutoff by the amend-
ments I propose without any cost to the Gov-
ernment and without any possibility of fraud
being committed. A very large proportion of
tho amount now derived from incomes is col-
lected from the officers ol corporations, who
are required to deduct the tax in advance and
account to the Government for it
We have, say $2,100,000,000ofunitedstates
bonds outstanding, the interest on which at six
per cent, is §120,000,000-, live per cent, on that
is $8,300,000. Of this sum it is perfectly cer-
tain that $1,400,000,000 pays no tax on the
interest, and many think a much larger amount
escapcs. From one thousand to twelve hun-
dred million dollars of these bonds are held
abroad, according to the best estimates, anu it
is certain that several millions more are claimed
or kept there to avoid taxation on income. Six
per cent, on §1,400,000.000 is $84,000,000, and
the revenue at five per cent, on it would lie
$4,200,000 in gold; which would enable us :o
increase the exemptions on the present income
tax very largely, indeed remove it altogether
from salaries and legitimate business, wirhont
seriously diminishing the receipts ofthe Govern
ment. There can be no charge or mtima'avn
