1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
bill leaving it then to the Senate to dispose
of i't as they may deem proper, if the Senator
should make any motion. ;
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to postpone this bill
for the purpose of taking up the order assigned
for to-day by the Senate.
Mr. KAMSEY. I should like to ask whether
it would be in my power to move to postpone
the Mississippi bill as well as the District bills,
and proceed with the consideration of the
franking privilege bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that to do that would require three mo-
tions. The first would be to dispose of the
Mississippi bill; the second would be to dis- ;
pose of the order of the day, which is District
bills and bills from other committees named
in the order, five in all; and the third motion
would be to move again to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill in regard to the franking "
privilege. It would require three motions,
under the rules of the Senate. The Senator
from Maine now proposes to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the Mississippi bill until
to-morrow, the effect of which will be that the
order in regard to Friday will then operate in
favor of the bills of the five committees named.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this will not be
done. It is high time that we finished this
Mississippi bill. A simple question is pre- 1
sented. Everybody is in favor of its admis- i
sion; and the simple question is as to the form j
in which we shall do it. Shall we do it as we j
have done it in the case of the other States, or
shall we do it by the simple amendment pro-
posed by the committee ? This has been dis-
cussed over and over again in this Chamber.
There is nothing new to be said that I can think
of, or, I deem it safe to say, that many other
people can think of. I have not the least doubt
that we can dispose of the Mississippi bill in
less than an hour, perhaps in less than half an
hour. Certainly we shall gain time by sticking
to it until we do dispose of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I voted last Friday to
proceed with the order because it was repre-
sented there was some District business of
great necessity that ought to be acted upon
without any delay. For that reason I voted
then to postpone the pending business to take
up District business ; but it has not been indi-
cated by the chairman, in what he has said to-
day, that there is anything that requires imme-
diate action relating to the District, and I
think that as we have progressed so far with
the Mississippi question it would be true econ-
omy on our part to dispose of that question at
this time, and not lay it aside to have the dis-
cussion renewed again and the ground gone
over a third time. I hope, therefore, that the
Senator from Maine will "allow the Senate to
vote to-day on the Mississippi question, and
then if there is any business of the District
that requires attention I shall assist him in
bringing it before the Senate. I think that is
the better course to be pursued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
postpone the further consideration of the Mis-
sissippi bill until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 23.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the negative, and the bill to admit the State
of Mississippi to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States is before the Senate.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
44G) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
relief of Alexander J. Atocha," approved 14th
February, 1865; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
 e to meet on Monday next.
state of mississippi
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11.
No. 1096) to admit the State of Mississippi to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment reported from the Committee on \
the Jndiciarv. :
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, the first
clause of this bill, which reads " that the State
of Mississippi is entitled to representation in
the Congress of the United States," as an
isolated proposition I can cheerfully support.
Although I am opposed to the preamble of the
bill, yet for the sake of the admission of the
State I would vote for that simple proposition
connected with the preamble; but I am op-
posed to the conditions which are attempted to
be placed upon the State.
The first condition-subsequent is, that the 1
members of the Legislature, who have already
elected Senators to this body, shall be required
to take a certain prescribed oath, and also the
officers of the State. The second is, that the
constitution of the State shall not be changed
in reference to the subject of the elective fran-
chise, nor in reference to the school fund. I
am of the opinion of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] that these conditions are use-
less, that they are evil, and nothing but evil.
I am also of opinion, with the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] that the conditions-
precedent which are referred to in the preamble
of this bill have been adopted by the State of
Mississippi under constraint. I have no ques-
tion in my mind but that all the conditions-
precedent submitted to the southern States
have been adopted under like constraint. _ I
am also of opinion, with the Senator from. Min-
nesota, [Mr. Norton,] that Mississippi is enti-
tled to representation if her election has been
properly conducted and her representatives are
! eligible, not by virtue of this act of Congress,
but by virtue of her sovereign authority as a
State.
I know, sir, that the subject of reconstruc-
tion has become so familiar to Congress that
it may be considered irksome to refer to it. I
have heard it said that a good lawyer should
be required to read Blackstone's Commentaries
once in every year, as in the numerous cases
which he is called to consider, the decisions
of courts, and the general expressions of judges
in particular cases, he is apt to lose sight of
elementary principles. So it may be in refer-
ence to politicians and public men. They have
been engaged in such multitudinous legisla-
tion, acting upon such a variety of subjects,
produced either by the convenience or incon-
venience or exigencies of the occasion, that
they seem to lose sight of the fundamental prin-
ciples of the Constitution; and I think it would
become public men to read the Constitution
frequently, to make it their companion, to
study its provisions, and the nature and genius
of the Government.
I do not know on what ground reconstruc-
tion or the requirement of a State to adopt
conditions-precedent can be sustained. Un-
der the fifth article of the Constitution it is
declared:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Housesshall deem it necessary, shall propose amend-
ments to this Constitution, or, on the application of
the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States,
shall call a convention for proposing amendmerits."
This authority on the part of Congress is con-
fined entirely and exclusively to the proposal
of amendments, and whenever the Legislatures
of two thirds of the States shall ask Congress
to call a convention of the people for the pur-
pose of making amendments to the Constitu-
tion, that convention is also confined to pro-
posing amendments ; but nowhere in the Con-
stitution can I find any clause or any intimation
that conditions precedent or subsequent can
ever be submitted either to the Legislatures or
by a convention.
1 do not know on what ground the assumed
right to legislate for States is based, nor that
on which the defense of this bill and its kin-
dred measures rests, unless on one of these
two: first, that the southern States forced
themselves out of the Union by attempted
secession ; or second, that continuing in the
Union their relations to the Government were
changed by insurrection and war.
If Mr. Webster's theory of the Government
was correct, that it is a unit and indissoluble-,
the first position cannot be maintained. The
contest was waged on Mr. Webster's construc-
tion. He declared that secession would not
dissolve the Union.
President Lincoln, in his inaugural in 18G1,
said :
"No State of itsown mere motion can lawfully get
out of tho Union. In view of the Constitution and
the laws the Union is unbroken, and to the extent
of my ability I shall take care, as the Constitution
expressly enjoins upon me, that the laws of tho
Union bo faithfully executed in all the States."
This was said after several States had passed
their ordinances of secession, and before the
novel theory was broached, that a Government
could conquer a part of the territory of the
country and thereby obtain the same power
over it as if it were the territory of a foreign
Government.
The foreign policy of the Government under
President Lincoln's administration was con-
ducted upon the principle that the southern
States, notwithstanding acts of secession and
of war, remained in the Union. It is known
that foreign recognition of the government of
the South and intervention were contemplated
and apprehended. Secretary Seward, in his offi-
cial correspondence with Mr. Adams and Mr.
Dayton, our ministers to England and France,
took repeated opportunities to call those en-
gaged in hostilities, insurgents and factionists ;
to convey the idea that the superior power and
resources of the Federal Government would
bring the contest to a speedy close; and that the
integrity of the Union continued and remained
inviolate.
I will first read a paragraph from a letter
written by the Secretary to Mr. Adams after
the ordinances of secession had been passed
and a confederate government attempted, and
afterward extracts reaching as far down as
seventeen months subsequent to the commence-
ment of actual hostilities:
Mr. Seward to Mr. Adams, April 10,1861.
"You will indulge in no expressions of harshness
or disrespect, or even impatience, concerning the
seceded States, their agents, or their people; but
you will, on the contrary, all the while remember
that those States are now, as they always heretoforo
have been, and, notwithstanding their temporary
self-delusion, they must always continue to be, equal •
and honored members of this Federal Union, and
that their citizens, throughout all political misun-
derstandings and alienations, still are and always
must be our kindred and countrymen."
Mr. Seward to Mr. Adams, June 19,1861.
" Great Britain can neither rightfully qualify the
sovereignty of the United States, nor concede nor
recognize any rights or interests or power of any
party, State, or section, in contravention to tho
unbroken sovereignty of the Federal Union."
Mr. Seward to Mr. Adams, July 21,1861.
' "The United States and Great Britain have as-
sumed incompatible, and, thus far, irreconcilable
positions on the subject of the existing insurrection.
The United States claim and insist that the integrity
of the Republic is unbroken and that their Govern-
ment is supreme so far as foreign nations are con-
cerned, as well for war as for peace, over all tho
States, all sections, and all citizens, the loyal not
more than the disloyal, the patriots and the insur-
gents alike."
j Mr. Se'.oard to Mr. Dayton, June 3.1862. _
! "The Federal Government has either maintained
i; or resumed its functions in the whole or parts ot all
the insurrectionary communities. There J?.no .sud-
jugation proposed, nor is any necessary.
The Fed-
'1 eral Government has only limited functions to per-
|, form, and every community in which it exercises
: them is by the very terms of the Constitution l eft to
exercise self-government in all matters of municipal
concern."
Mr. Seward to Mr. Dayton, October 8,1862.
"Where are we now? The Union is distracted,
but it is not broken nor even shaken."
Congress also was of the same opinion when
,, it passed a resolution—
li "That the present deplorable civil war has beoa
