1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4985
port animals from the mother country without
paying a small duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, this clause is not confined
to the importation of thoroughbreds at all.
Mr. POME ROY. I know it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would you propose to
confine the importation to thoroughbreds?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. C.ONKL1NG. The Senator wants reci-
procity with Canada.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only say that
thoroughbreds, as a class, to begin with, are
as well defined coming from Canada as from
England or any other place. The animals that
are not thoroughbred that are to be imported
for the improvement of American stock are as
well defined and can be as well understood,
and their purpose as well understood, at the
custom-houses along the line between Canada
and the United States as at the custom-houses
on our sea-board. There is no difficulty about
that.
The great fact is that we are exporting to-
day more animals for the improvement of stock
to Europe than are being imported from Eu-
rope here. Our best animals bring a higher
price in Europe than we can get for tliern in
this country ; and if it were not that I should
have to say something personal to myself I
could give several illustrations of it. I want
that continued. The fact is that any enterpris-
ing citizen who proposes to improve American
stock so as to compete with the best raisers of
animals in the world ought, to have a free inter-
change between Great Britain and this coun-
try. We can send free an animal to Europe
to improve stock there, but they cannot send
one here without paying twenty per cent, ad
valorem in gold ; and that is what this bill tries
to rectify.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This bill allows them to
do that.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill allows them to
do that, which has not been the case up to this
time. Now the Senator from Ohio proposes
by bis amendment to confine it to countries
beyond the seas, so as to exclude Canada. I
do not know why it should not be extended to
Canada! I felt delighted when 1 saw the pro;
vision in the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. It is a wonderful improve-
ment to all parties engaged in breeding good
animals, because our market for the best of
our animals is in Europe; it is not here. ^ e
can export them, and at the same time import
some that will improve our own stock. Now
the Senator from Ohio comes in and say^s, " It
you buy stock in Canada you shall not bring
it in duly free." 1 say the same rule ought to
apply to Canada that applies to Europe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 100, after
line two hundred and sixty-two, to strike out
the following clause:
On oranges, lemons, pineapples, and snipes. twenty
per cent, ad vat'treni; onil on 1 i'i:e.-, l>:manjs, plan-
tains, shaddocks, mansoes, aid oocoanut-, ten per
ecu I. G-il vuloi an : lJi uvtdetl. That no allowance
bo m.ulo i'or l«ws hy on the voyage, unless the
said loss shall exceed twentv-fivo per cent, ol toe,
qu.ait.ity, and tile allowancethen made shall be only
lui the amount of los^ in excels ol twenty-live per
cent, ot'tho whole Quantity.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment, was on paste 100, line
two hundred and seventy two. to strike out. the
words " and prunes and plums."
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment was on page 100, after
line two hundred and seventy-three, to strike
out, the following clause:
On bonk*, hound or stitched, and on all jprinteil
book matter in sheets or otherwise, fifteen cents pel-
wound: on pamphlets, and on periodicals in pam-
phlet form, except as lawlully transmitted by mail,
ton cents per pound.
Mr. SUMN15R. 1 should like to know of
the Senator from Ohio the reason for striking
out that clause?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only state thatthe
committee gave this matter a very patient
examination, and were satisfied that it was
impossible to levy a duty of this kind on books
and printed matter; and that, I believe, was
the concurrent opinion of the trade, with the
few exceptions of some American publishers,
who wanted a duty of twenty-five cents a pound,
so that no foreign book could be brought into
this country unless it was for some special
purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. Then this throws us back
on the existing duly, which is twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is it.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; it is twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem. I call that a tax on knowl-
edge.
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty now proposed
of fifteen cents a pound would be a very great
increase on the cheaper books and a very groat,
decrease on the more expensive book-:, and
therefore il. would be unjust in both directions.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 suggest to the Senal or from
Ohio that, that would bo the case if the more
expensive books were imported into this coun-
try at (heir true value ; but the difficulty about
the matter is t-luit books are taken from Eng-
land into Canada, and imported at out of the
way points across the border, where the cus-
tom-house officer knows nothing whatever of
the true value of the books, and can form no
impression of their value, and they are sent
in by invoice at prices greatly below those that
lliey cost in England. I think that this is a
point at which a reform in the tariff is neces-
sary. The Government gets no such revenue
now from books as it ought to have, and we
are vapidly becoming, under this condition of
things, a Biitish dependency in the matter of
books. I hope the specific duty will not be
taken off.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the frauds
in Canada, there is no doubt that what the
Senator says is true; but, those frauds have
now been put a stop to. There have been
several very heavy seizures and confiscations
of books, and there are several suits now pend-
ing. I believe there will be no more such
attempts. My own impression is that thp adop-
tion of a specific duty will ha the sacrifice of
revenue to the amount of $370,000.
Mr. DRAKE. How can that be?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will substantially be a
prohibition on the great class of cheap books
brought in from England and other countries.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Of all propositions that
I have ever seen I think this in the House bill
is about the most absurd to fix the lax on books
by weighing the books. There is something
analogous to it in Knickerbocker's History of
New York, where a renowned'justice settled
the accounts between the plaintiff and defend
ant by weighing the ledgers of both parties,
and finding that, they were exactly of the same
weight, he dismissed the case and ordered the
constable to pay the costs. [Laughter.] The
idea of raxing a stupid, dull, useless, worthless
book, which has no value at, all scarcely, and
would have no sale per pound, and at the same
time taxing some book that will have a great
sale and that is of great value at precisely the
same duty, weighing them, seems to me to be
the most novel idea that has ever come into
anybody's head. If there is anything in the
world that should be taxed by an ad valorem
duty it is books.
Mr. DRAKE. Of what avail would it be to
impose an ad valorem duty, if it is a dull and
stupid book such us the Senator from Ohio
refers to? ft would have no value at all.
Mr. TIIURMAN. The market price is the
test. I hope that the amendment of the com-
mittee, which is to strike out those words, as
1 understand, will be adopted.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to suggest one con-
sideration which has escaped the Senator from
Ohio, and that is that there may bo many
books imported which are neither dull nor
stupid, but which nevertheless are weighty and
of value, and yet they will pay a duty of so
much per pound. They are of general use,
used by the people at large, and are very much
desired. The duty on them is just as great by
the proposition of the House as it is on rare
illustrated works, elegantly and elaborately
bound and ornamented, which are substantially
luxuries, and yet the duty on which is levied
at fifteen cents a pound, precisely the same as
it may be on some scientific work, which is a
great advantage to the common people and to
the educational institutions of the country. As
has been remarked by the Senator from Ohio,
I never heard of any proposition quite as ab-
surd as this, except the one which he has cited
as the weighing of the ledgers. It is just pre-
cisely as absurd as that.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that there are two
values to books: one is an intellectual value,
and the otheris a pecuniary value. The pecun-
iary value of a book does not depend upon
the importance of its contents, but, in the way
of trade, depends on the cost of the-binding,
its size, the quality of paper, the character of
its letter-press, and so on. It strikes me this
clause i3 entirely reasonable and proper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee striking
out this clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 100, after
line two hundred and seventy-seven, to strike
out the following clause :
On furs of all descriptions cut from the skin, ten
percent, ttd valorem; and on fur skins dressed, twenty
per cent, ttd valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wa3 on page 100, line
two hundred and eighty-two. to strike out the
words "cents per gallon," and insert *'per
cent, ad valorem' so that the clause will read:
On ncat's-foot oil, and all animal, whale, seal, aud
flail oils, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was on page 100, after
line two hundred and eighty-two, to strike out
the following clause :
On oil made of linseed orflnsr-eed, thirty cents per
gallon, seven pounds and a half of weight to bo esti-
mated as a gallon.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this portion of the
House bill will not be stricken out. The
manufacture of linseed oil, and especially the
cultivation and production of flax, is an im-
portant, interest in the Northwest.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the tariff now?
Mr. MORION. The present, tariff is twenty-
three cents. The flax product during the last
three years bus declined, as I am informed,
more than one half, taking the Northwest
together.
During the war, while the price of gold was
high, the present tariff was sufficient,, but as
the price of gold has declined it is not suffi-
cient, and the importation of oil, especially oi
the flaxseed, which is covered by another
amendment, has been such as in a great meas-
ure to destroy the interest in the Northwest. It
is an important agricultural interest aud it
ought to be fostered. I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate that seed is brought
from Calcutta, in India, and is manufactured
into oil in Indiana and Ohio and nearly all
the western mills. That, however, will be more
proper when we come to consider the other
amendment. I trust this proposition will not
be stricken out. It raises the duty from twenty-
three to thirty cents, and is not more than
sufficient to sustain an interest that is now
probably dying.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on striking out this clause as proposed by
the committee.
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand that this
proposition to strike out will reduce the duty
