2154:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
fifteen hundred citizens of Washington, praying
the establishment of a probate court in the
District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FERRY presented additional papers in
the case of David Hatch, an American citizen,
imprisoned by the Dominican Government at
Azua, San Domingo; which were ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. DAVIS. There was a petition of J. H.
Merrill referred to the Committee on Claims
upon which there has been an adverse report.
He requests me to ask permission that he have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
to object to this case when a similar request
was made the other day.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I will say for the
information of the Senator from Kentucky,
what he probably has forgotten if ho ever hap-
pened to know it, that this claim has been pre-
sented to the committee two or three times,
has been reported against uniformly, and the
other day at the request of the petitioner a
motion was made that he have leave to with-
draw his papers. I objected to that and the
motion was withdrawn. The next day lie pre-
sented the same application through another
Senator, who was entirely ignorant that the
Senate had before refused that permission,
and upon being advised that the Senate had
once refused thatpermissionthatSenatorasked
leave to withdraw the motion.
Mr. DRAKE. No ; I moved to reconsider,
and ihen to have it rejected.
Mr. HOWE. And it was done; and the
very next day the petitioner induced my friend,
the.SenatorfromMassachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox,]
to present a bill without any papers, and that
is before the committee now, and 1 guess we
can stand on that for the rest of tho session.
Mr. DAVIS. I made this motion in ignor-
i.iK'e of the action of the Senate. Of course 1
would not have made such a motion if I had
known that the Senate had taken such action.
I therefore withdraw tho motion.
kkpokts op committees.
Mr. V/ILLEY, from the Committee on
Chums, to whom was referred the memorial
of Mathilda Victor, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 099) for the relief of
Mathilda Victor. Tho bill was read, and passed
loa second reading, and tho report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WARNER, from tho Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resoiu
lion (H. 11. No. 125) for tiie relief of James
Ij. Ridgely, collector of internal revenue for
the second district of Maryland, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary J.
Carlin, reported it back, and moved that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers ; which was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
ot' Sophie Sclmltz, praying lorapeosion, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Cassell, pray-
ing for a pension, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the claim of Minerva Lewis,
administratrix of the estate of Bzekicl Lewis,
deceased, praying for compensation for the
steamboat Admiral, taken possession of by tho
United States authorities in the spring of 1862,
have had the matter under consideration, and
have directed me to report favorably upon the
memorial, allowing her $10,000. I report,
therefore, a bill for her relief.
TteTiiir{S. No. 700) for the relief of Mi nerva
Lewis, as administratrix of the estate of Eze-
kiel Lewis, deceased, was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
bills introduced.
- Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 701) to incorporate the Southern Express
Company ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
• Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 702)
to establish a port of entry at Vallejo, Califor-
nia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordored
to be printed.
management of indians.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 640, reported yesterday, to promote
the civilization of the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. I objected to the bill which
the Senator from Massachusetts refers to yes-
terday, while it was being considered, because
I had not road it; but having examined it, I
think the bill ought to pass with a slight amend-
ment, and I hope it will be considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the, present consideration of the bill
(S. No. 040) to promote the civilization of
Indians, and to prepare them for the rights and
duties of citizenship. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none; and the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and will
be reported in full.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Indian
Affairs report a substitute for the original bill.
Let only that be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the read-
ing of the original bill be called for tho substi-
tute only will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs,which was
to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof
tho following;
That the President bo, and ho is hereby, author-
izod and required, after tho passage of this act, to
appoint., by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate, five inspectors of Indian affairs, who, with
tho Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
ol Indian Alfairs for tho time being, shall constitute
a board* a majority of whom shall be a quorum to do
business. Tho Secretary of tho Interior shall bo the
president of the said board, which, when duly organ-
ized, shall elect a secietary. Thus constituted it
shall be attached to theDepartmontof tho Interior.
See. 2. And be it farther cnacted. That it shall bo
the duty of the said inspectors to supervise all ex-
penditures of money appropriated or used for tho
benefit of Indians in amity with the United States,
and visit all such Indians as often as practicable, tor
the purpose of examining their condition, the quali-
fications and the conduct of puperintondents, agents,
employes, and traders, or other persons residing or
being upon any reservation, or in tho Indian coun-
try. It shall likcwiso bo tho cspceial duty of said
board to inquire whether tho intent of all existing
treaties and laws pertaining to such Indians arc
faithfully executed, as also whether all laws of tho
United States regulating trade and intercourse with
the Indians are observed, and report thereon to tho
President.
Skc. And be it futthcr cnacted, 1 hat all negoti-
ations between the United States and any of s«ud
Indians for the purposo of the abrogation or modi-
fication of existing treaties and contracts shall bo
eonductod by f-aid board, or by somo of its duly aii-
thorized members, under the direction of the Presi-
dent of tho United States. Any member or members
of said board shall, when personally present at any
agoncy or suporinlcndency in the legal performance
of his duty as inspector, havo tho power to suspend
temporarily any superintendent, agent, employe, or
trader in eonnoction with tho Indian service, when
tho interests of the United States or of the Indians
may, in the judgment ot said inspector or inspectors,
seem to require it, and in case of any such suspension
the said inspeotoror inspectors may appoint somo
discreet porson to perform temporarily the duties
of the personso suspended, and in all such cases shall
report immediately all the facts to the President
of the XJnited States through the Secretary of tho
Interior.
Sac. 4. And be it further enacted, That when practi-
cable it shall bo the duty of one or more of said in-
spectors to bopresentat the annual and semi-annual
distribution of annuities, whether in money, goods,
or other articles, to said Indians, and to oxamuio
the same, and also to examine all the books, con-
tracts, and vouchers of the superintendents and
agents; and the farms, mills, shops, and schools on
the reservations or in the Indian country, making a
full report to the board. It shall also submit to the
President such modification or abrogation of exist-
ing treaties and contracts between the United States
and any tiibe orbandof Indians as will, in the judg-
ment of said inspectors, tend to civilize them.
Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That all claims in
favor of or against any of said Indians shall be thor-
oughly examined by said board inthclndian country
when practicable, and no claims for depredations or
otherwise shall be allowed until they have been thus
examined. It shall be the duty of said board,or of any
of its members, to hear complaints which any of said
Indians may wish to make against any person ap-
pointed or employed by the United States, or against;
any person permitted to reside in the Indian coun-
try, or upon any Indian reservation, lhe board, or
any ofits members, actinginthejurisdiction assigned
to them, shall have full power to eject any person
from any Indian reservation who is not a member
of the tribe residing oil such reservation, for drunk-
enness or any other vice that has a tendency to cor-
rupt tho morals of the Indians, or to dopnve them
of their rights; and whenever force may be required
in the performance of this duty, the commanding
officer of the nearest military postshall.at the written
request of said inspector or inspectors, render such
assistance as may be necessary.  
Sec. 0. Andbeit further enacted, That it shall like-
wise be the duty of said board to take the general
charge of the welfare of said Indians, to aid in locat-
ing them on farms to be held in severalty, to incite
them to self-support and to become productive citi-
zens, and to take suoh other steps and make such
recommendations as will tend to civilize them. Tho
board is also specially enjoined, in the distribution
of presents, whether in money, goods, provisions, or
other property, to discriminate as far as practicable
in favor of the moral and industrious Indians.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That in the per-
formance of the duties indicated in this act each
inspector is hereby authorized to administer oaths
and affirmations.
Seo. 8. And be it further enacted, That said inspect-
ors shall hold office until removed for causo by tho
President of theUnited States, with the concurrence
of the Senate; and a-ny vacancy shall be filled in like
manner with the original appointment.
Srcc.J). And be it further enacted, That the compen-
sation of each of tho five inspectors provided for in
this act shall be the same as that of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Atfairs, and actual and necessary
travoling expenses when in the performance of their
official duties; and the salary ot the secretary shall
be $2,000 per annum.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized to
discontinue the office of superintendent of Indian
affairs in any superintendeney, and to require the
agents within such superintendeney to report directly
to the Commissioner of Indian Alfairs.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to move an amend-
ment in the fourth section; after the word
"practicable," in the first sentence, to insert
''or when required by the Secretary of the
Interior." As it now stands it leaves thesw
inspectors to be judges for themselves whether
they shall discharge the duty required by that
section or not. I want it to read u that when
practicable, or when required by the Secretary
of the ]iiterior3 it shall be the duty of one or
more of said inspectors," &c.
Mr. IIAULAN. There is no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question U
oil the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There ought to be mu
amendment, but I think I will not move it,
that shall require these inspectors to see thai
the law is executed in regard to selling whiskv
among the Indians. The laws of the United
States are very stringent on that subject, but
they are not executed.
Mr. HARLAN. Th ere is a general provis-
ion that they shall see that tho laws and trea-
ties are executed.
Mr. POMEROY. I see the general provis-
ion, and therefore I will not move any amend-
ment.
Mr. CORB15TT. I will offer an amendment,
to insert in the fifth line of the fourth section,
after the word "same," the words "and to
compare the goods with the sample of goods
purchased."
Mr. HARLAN. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, when goods are
purchased they are sent to distant parts of the
country, and when they get there there is no
opportunity ol ascertaining whether they are
