3098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
forces on tbe plains, was directed by this Depart-
ment, at the instance of the Department of the Inte-
rior, to seize certain horses, supposed to have been
unlawfully taken from the Indian country, and turn
them over to the United States superintendent of
Indian affairs for the State of Kansas. The order
was duly executed, and the horses were eventually
turned over to tbe United States quartermaster's
department, sold at auction to the highest bidder,
and the proceeds of the sale applied to the public
service. The claimants of the said horses instituted
proceedings at law in the courts of the State of
Kansas against the officers concerned in the execu-
tion of the orders of this Department, which pro-
ceedings, by direction of the War Department, were,
under instructions from the Attorney General, op-
posed by the law officers of the United States in the
said State. Copies of the proceedings referred to are
hereunto attached, and it will be seen from an exam-
ination of the same that final judgment has been
rendered against the defendants in tbe sum of $2,928
and costs. This judgment is in immediate danger
of being executed upon tbe personal estate of one
of the defendants, the aforesaid Grenville M. Dodge,
situate within the State of Iowa, and as it is ascer-
tained tbat the case can be no further contested in
the courts of law, it is recommended that an imme-
diate appropriation of S5.000, or so much thereof as
is necessary, be made to enable the Secretary of War
to satisfy a judgment obtained against Grenville M.
Dodge, late an officer of the UnitedStates, and others,
for acts done by, them in the line of their duty under
orders from their superior officers, and to defray the
eosts of defending the suits at law in which such
judgment was recovered. This recommendation is
concurred in by the Secretary of the Interior.
WILLIAM W. BKLKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Mr. DAWES. I think that letter answers my
inquiry where it states that it has been ascer-
tained that no farther proceedings can be had.
It had occurred to me that if you paid a judg-
ment of an inferior conrt under these circum-
stances it wonld multiply suits all over the land,
but if it is such a judgment as cannot be car-
ried further the defendants ought to be pro-
tected.
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly the position
of the case.
Mr. PAINE. When I heard the bill read I
was under the impression that there were sev-
eral of these judgments, but on reading the bill
myself I find that it refers to but a single judg-
ment against General Dodge and others. The
last two lines contain these words: "and de-
fray the costs of defending the suits at law in
which such judgments were recovered." I
suggest to the chairman of the committee that
to remove all doubt he substitute for the word
"suits" the word "suit," and for "judg-
ments were" the words "judgment was."
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
belief of volunteer officers.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to report a bill for
the relief of certain volunteer officers. There
i3 a joint resolution from the Senate of the
same purport on the Speaker's table. I ask
unanimous consent that it be taken up and
passed instead of the bill.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 90) for the relief of certain
officers of volunteers was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that in every case in which a commissioned
officer or enlisted man was detached from his
regiment in pursuance of orders from the War
Department, and directed to report to Briga-
dier General Daniel Ullman, in New York
city, with a view to being mustered as a com-
missioned officer in the brigade which General
'Ullman was authorized by the War Depart-
ment to raise, and who actually reported in
New York without neglect or delay on his part,
and under orders from his superior officers
entered on duty as a commissioned officer, and
was afterward actually mustered, but by reason
of there being no legal vacancy, or from other
cause beyond his control, and without his own
fault or neglect, was not mustered in as a com-
missioned officer of the date he reported at
General Ullman's headquarters, the War De-
partment, after an examination of the facts in
each case, shall allow him full pay and emolu-
ments for the rank to which he was assigned,
i and in which he served, from the date on which
he reported at the aforesaid headquarters, de-
ducting therefrom all pay actually received
for such period; and that in case of the death
j of any such commissioned officer or enlisted
j man prior to or after muster or after honorable
discharge his heirs or legal representatives
shall be entitled to the pay and allowances of
the rank in which such commissioned officer
or enlisted man actually served, deducting all
pay and allowances received by him or them
for such period.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to inquire of the
chairman of the committee how long it was
after these enlisted men reported to General
Ullman before the regiments were organized
and they regularly entered upon their duties
as commissioned officers ?
Mr. LOGAN. These men entered upon their
duties at once, and some of them were in
battle in Louisiana before being mustered in
S6rvic6 
Mr. PAINE. What I asked the gentleman
was, how long it was after these men reported
before the regiments were organised in which
they served?
Mr. LOGAN. The regiments were par-
tially organized at the time these men reported.
Mr. PAINE. I infer from the language of
the bill that these men reported in New York;
the regiments in which they served I believe
were subsequently organized in Louisiana.
Mr. LOGAN. They reported in New York,
and were sent at once to Louisiana.
Mr. PAINE. How long was it before these
men began to serve as officers in their regi-
ments ?
Mr. LOGAN. They reported as rapidly as
they could.
Mr. PAINE. The regiments were organ-
ized after they got to Louisiana.
Mr. LOGAN. These men were ordered to
Louisiana, and they reported there as soon as
they could.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
david;s island marine hospital.
Mr. LOGAN. There was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs some time since
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury ask-
ing for an appropriation to purchase the build-
ing on David's Island, near New York city, for
marine hospital purposes. The subject has been
investigated by the committee, and they find
no objection to granting the request. I move
that the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
subject, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
m'phrrsok monument association.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. B.
No. 273) donating condemned cannon to the
McPherson Monument Association; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to deliver to the McPher-
son Monument Association such number of
condemned bronze guns as may be required
by said association to be used in the erection
or ornamentation of a monument to the late
Major General James B. McPherson.
! The joint resolution wa8 ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved tbat the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j mbs. mabgaret m. ransom.
' Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1893)
; to increase the pension of Mrs. Margaret M.
I Ransom; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
i be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to increase the pension of
Margaret M. Ransom, mother of the late Brevet
Major General T. E. G. Ransom, to fifty dollars
per month from October 29, 1864, the date of
the death of General Ransom, and that the
same shall be paid to her after deducting there-
from all money she may have received for any
portion of the time since said date as pension
under the general law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wonld like to know how
the Committee on Military Affairs got juris-
diction of a matter of this kind. It seems to
me it is a matter which very clearly belongs to
another committee of this House.
Mr. LOGAN. This subject was before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and inasmuch
as the House referred it to us we thought we
would act upon it. I have no obiection, how-
ever, to the bill being referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. I hope the gentle-
man will report the same bill back to the House,
as we have investigated the matter thoroughly,
and know it is right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
referred accordingly.
john w. doff and others.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1894)
for the relief of the heirs of John W. Duff,
Andrew Kenzinger, Jesse Fry, Peter Hard,
Edward Bray, Pleasant Trent, and Clinton
Luster; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill states that it is
alleged that tbe persons named in the title of
the bill, of the State of Tennessee, were duly
enlisted as soldiers in the service of the United
States during the late war, and were killed or
captured by the enemy while in such service;
but by reason of inadvertence or negligence on
the part of their respective company or regi-
mental commanders their names do not appear
upon the records of the War Department.
The bill provides that upon presentation of
satisfactory evidence of the fact of the enlist-
ment of either or all of said soldiers, and of
their capture or death while in the service, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
cause their names to be taken up on the rolls
of their respective companies and regiments,
and their military history to be entered thereon,
in accordance with such proof; and their heirs
or legal representatives shall thereupon be
entitled to the same pay, bounty, pensions, and
other allowances to which such heirs or legal
representatives would have been entitled had
said soldiers been regularity mustered into the
service of the United States and their names
been borne upon the rolls of their respective
companies.
Tne bill was ordered to be engrossed and
