4986
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
June, 29,
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; itleavesitjustas
it is now.
Mr. CORBETT. Does this clause raise it?
Mr. MORTON. It raises it seven cents ;
from twenty-three to thirty cents.
Mr. CORBETT. I hopeitwill not be stricken
out. We also have an interest in oar State
■which is just being started. The farmers are
beginning to raise their own flaxseed, and are
beginning to make their own oil, and itis very
necessary that that interest should be protect-
ed. There has never been any produced on
the Pacific coast until lately, and I hope that
this clause will be retained in the bill. Our
farmers have entered into the production of
the seed, and I have no doubt that within a
few years, provided we are properly protected,
we shall produce as fine seed as any in the
world, and shall be able to supply the whole
Pacific coast. Otherwise, we must send our
money abroad for this article.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment and the
amendment in regard to linseed are the two
amendments of the committee to which I could
not concur, and I feel myself bound, therefore,
to state, the reason. It is not very material
what is the duty on flaxseed oil, because we
import no flaxseed oil into this country. We
make all the oil in this country from linseed
imported from India. But we do import lin-
seed from Tndia to the amount of three mil-
lion bushels and receive a large revenue from
it—over half a million dollars. I think it is
sixteen cents a bushel. But we give a draw-
back upon the cake reexported, amounting to
$202,000. We refund to the persons who
make this linseed, if made out of the foreign
production, the whole of the duty paid on the
cake, or that proportion which goes into the
cake and is reexported to England. This is a
discrimination against our own industry. In
my opinion the House has got it about right.
The majority of the Committee on Finance,
however, differed with me in opinion, and they
struck it out. My own impression is that the
adjustment of this tax by the House of Rep-
resentatives is substantially right. It is a very
low tax at best. We import three million
bushels of this linseed, which can be grown
in every portion of our country just as well
as not. It is now imported from India. 1
think, therefore, the House rate should stand,
which will give a litLle protection to the farmer
on the question of linseed and preserve the
equilibrium between the duties on oil and on
linseed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The qu-estion
is on striking out this clause, as proposed by
the Committee on Finance.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 8, noes 31.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
read again. I did not hear what it was.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. My attention was dis-
tracted by some persons talking near me, and
I did not hear the remarks made by my col-
league nor by the Senator from Indiana on this
question, and I really do not know how to
vote, for I do not know what the merits of the
amendment are. If it is nottoo much trouble,
I should like to have an explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
restating the facts. There is but little oil
imported into this country made from linseed.
The little that is imported is imported from
Germany or England. It is only a very Small
amount. But linseed itself, which is the same
as our flaxseed, is imported from India to the
amount of three million bushels. It is crushed,
as they call it, mainly in the eastern cities, and
then the oil is distributed over the country.
The rate of duty that existed during the war
is now too low. It is proposed to raise it from
sixteen cents a bushel on linseed to twenty
cents. That is an increase of four cents p..
bushel on linseed; and the duty on the oil is
raised in proportion.
Mr. MORTON. From twenty-three to thirty
cents.
Mr. SHERJfAN. " So that if the House
proposition should .be allowed to stand it would
give us four cents a bushel, or about one hun-
dred and twelve thousand dollars more rev-
enue, and at the same time give that much
protection to the growth of flaxseed in our
own country. That is all .thpre is about it.
Mr. BAYARD. My objection to this clause
is simply that it greatly increases the duty upon
an article that enters very largely into general
consumption. The present rate of duty upon
linseed is sixteen cents per bushel, and the
House bill proposes to advance it to twenty
cents. Not only that, but there is a drawback
allowed to the manufacturers of linseed oil of
five and a half cents per bushel upon the lin-
seed cake. This rate of duty enables them to
keep very much the control of our market as
against the English producer .upon linseed oil.
This is an article that enters into the use of
every household in the land. It is used with
paints, as we all know; I believe that is one
of the chief uses of it.. I submit that this is
no time for increasing our duties in any degree.
As stated by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
who, as he well said, stood alone in the Com-
mittee on Finance on this subject, and the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, it is a question
of competition between the growers of flaxseed
and flax and the consumers of flaxseed and
linseed oil. Their product forms but a very
small part of the supply of that oil; and I should
be sorry to see an increase of duty on an arti-
cle of such general consumption as linseed oil,
thus enhancing considerably its cost to the peo-
ple of the United States. It would be an act
of favoritism to do this. In looking through
the debate that occurred here some three years
ago, in!8G7,when this matter was under discus-
sion and was very widely discussed in the Sen-
ate, I find that^ the present rate of duty was
fixed as a fair, just, and equitable adjustment
of prices between the growers of this article
and the consumers of the substance which is
manufactured out of it.
1 have throughout the consideration of this
bill voted as nearly as possible not to disturb
the existing rates of duty, because, as I said
before, this method of discussing the tariff sys-
tem is entirely inadequate to the importance
and character of the whole question. It is
taking it up bit by bit, piecemeal by piece-
meal, not considering its relation to the gen-
eral industry and demands of the eountty.
For that one reason alone I should be unwill-
ing to see this duty advanced at all. Butthere
is the additional reason that, taking the mat-
ter in the abstract, there is already a sufficient
protection to the flaxseed-grower to make the
production an exceedingly beneficial one to
him. As against his interest, which is com-
paratively a restricted one, there stands the
demand in the use of linseed oil by almost
every man in the United States ; that "is to say,
he uses it indirectly in the shape of all those
articles of household consumption which are
necessary to be resorted to. I think this would
be an unjust alteration in the law, and that it
would disturb that which was a fair settlement
between these contending parties, settled by
the arbitration of Congress in 1867. Nothing
has occurred from that time to this to make a
further change in this matter necessary ; and
I trust, therefore, that the duties will be main-
tained as they now are.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When this bill was
brought forward it was supposed to be a bill
to reduee taxes and the tariff; but I observe
that where there are a sufficient number of
Senators interested in any particular article
upon which a duty is imposed it turns out to
be a bill to increase the tariff. And so the hill
depends simply upon whether there are enough
Senatorsin favor of a particular interest to raise
the tariff upoii a certain article, and enough
Senators interested in reducing the tariff upon
a certain article to reduee the tariff as to that
article. ;
I am in favor, as I have already said, of
striking out this entire tariff bill; for it seems
to me to be a very unjust system to pick oat
particular articles, to raise the. tariff upon those
and reduce the tariff as to other articles. In
this way certain interests are promoted by the
imposition of a high tariff, and certain other
interests, because they have not friends enough
here to stand by them, are left out in the cold.
I am in favor of striking out this clause, as
the committee report, for the reason, in the '
firstplaee, that flaxseed is a raw material, and if
anything is to be admitted into this country free,
or at a low rate of duty, it seems to me it should
be raw materials, those things out of which
other materials are manufactured in the United
States ; and this is certainly a raw material.
Then, again, this article enters largely into
the consumption of the country. It is used
for the purpose of manufacturing paints, I
believe, of every nature and description. Paints
are used by almost everybody in the United
States, in one way or another. Of course the
money that goes into the pockets of the men
who produce this flaxseed comes out of the
pockets of the men who use these paints. I
have heard no argument showing the necessity
for this increase of tariff. I am not advised
that this business is languishing and dying in
the country for want of protection ; but on the
contrary, it is an 'increasing business under the
existing tariff all over the United States.
Mr. MORTON. You are decidedly mistaken
about that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I am not mis-
taken. I know in some localities it is an
increasing business, from my personal knowl-
edge. But, sir, the only object, it seems to
me, in increasing the tariff upon any of these
articles should be to build up an interest that
cannot exist without such a tariff; but simply
to add to the tariff in this bill which professes
to be a bill to reduce the tariff and to reduce
the internal duties, a bill to reduce the taxes
upon the country—simply to add to the tariff
upon a particular article for the benefit of a
certain class of persons, seems to me to be
entirely contrary to the spirit and purpose of
the bill; and it is unjust to other interests
which are not protected to the same extent.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the argu-
ment that this is a bill simply to reduce the
tariff, and that therefore it would violate the
principle of the bill to increase the duty in any
given case, is not a very good argument. I
take it to be the object to make the tariff right,
I would say to the Senator; and if there is
a particular interest that i3 languishing and
dying, as I am informed and believe this is,
there ought to be a reasonable support given
to it; and the reason is justas strong for a duty
in this case as can be furnished in any case.
I am advised, and I believe the fact to be, that
the production of flax is diminishing through-
out the entire Northwest. I am advised that
the breadth sown in Indiana and Ohio this
year is twenty-five per cent, less, some say fifty
per cent, less, than it was last year. Lastyear
we imported three million bushels of seed from
India, and now in the interior of our country,
a thousand miles from the sea-board, mills are "
making oil from flaxseed imported from Cal-
cutta. In my own State and in Ohio, and I
presume further west, they are making oil from
seed raised in India.
Ilere, sir, is an agricultural interest which
it is proper and right for us to have a little
protection for. It may become a very im-
portant interest; it may become a very large
one; and we are simply asking to have this
duty placed at such a point that there will be
at least a fair competition betweeu the home
producer and the foreign psoducer. As the
matter now stands the home- production must
languish, and those who are best informed tell
me it will be extinguished. The argument
