1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
head of the rebellion, had been wounded, re-
solved to send his own surgeon to his relief,
but was prevented by soon hearing of the death
of that distinguished patriot, who was pro-
nounced to be 11 supported by courage, con-
ducted by prudence, and embellished by mod-
jealous were the people of England of
their liberty and law that in the reign of the
sovereign alluded to Ashley, the king's ser-
geant, having asserted, in pleading before the ■;
peers, that the king must sometimes govern
by acts of State as well as by acts'of law, that .
position gave such offense he was immediately
committed to prison, and was not released but j
upon his recantation and submission. I have (
looked in the Constitution, in the Federalist, ;
and in the writings of Mr. Madison for any
sanction or authority for the reconstruction acts
and policy of Congress in reference to the
States of the South, but have been unable to 1
find a trace or vestige of law, or the opinion
of a commentator, or the suggestion from any
■writing of Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton,
Madison, Clay, or Webster justifying such or
kindred measures. I have been unable to
deduce it from any declarations made by any ;
of them, and have been forced to the conclu- ,
sion that they are founded in " acts of State," i
and not of law. j
But in what respects are the relation of ,
these States altered from the relation which
all hold to the Union ? Like a strong man who,
bound by fetters, and who has fruitlessly
wasted his strength to escape them, has re-
solved to submit, and whose efforts have pro-
duced no change in his condition, so the
States which were bound to the Union by con-
stitutional ties, having failed to sever them,
ceased their exertions, and quietly submitted
to constitutional restraints, are in the same
situation and relation to the Government as
they were before they strove to break their con-
nection with it. They are in the same category
with other States who are taxed; the same
income and other taxes are laid and collected ;
the district and circuit courts of the United
States are held among them as formerly; their
citizens petition Congress as do others; they
are called States in the laws and proceedings
of Congress; their people sue and are sued in
the courts as they were wont; they divide a
State and convert it into two States, and ratify
amendments to the Constitution; they had
their Governors, Legislatures, and courts, and
in pursuance of constitutions formed after a
congressional model some have elected Repre-
sentatives and Senators, who are now seeking
for admission into our Halls of legislation.
Does the simple fact that these Senators and
Representatives-elect are not admitted—a mat-
ter merely political—so materially alter their
relation to the Union as to deprive them of
government and the protection-of the law? If
Congress will not fulfill or shall delay to per-
form its duty to them, is that non-performance
to visit them with such pains and penalties ?
Suppose that any one State should omit to elect
Representatives and Senators for two years ;
would it by reason of that delinquency forfeit
its relation to the Union ? Representation is
one of the evidences of relations sustained to
the Government; the Representatives are the
proxies or substitutes of the State, and a State
may maintain her status in the Union although
she is temporarily deprived of representation
in one or both branches of the national Legis-
lature. The Governor of Massachusetts during
the war with England, in 1812 to 1814, refused
to permit her troops to go beyond the limits
of that State, and thus kept them inactive while
the country needed their services and other
: States yielded to the demands of the Executive.
- By that act Massachusetts did not change her
, constitutional relation to the Government.
While her conduct was a practical repudiation
of its authority and claim, she did not place
;? herself beyond the pale of the Union and bring
ii down upon her the legislation of Congress, as
is now attempted upon Mississippi. Congress
might in its power to judge of the elections
and qualifications of its members refuse admis-
sion to the Senators and Representatives of a
State. During the period of that exclusion the
relation of the State in that one respect would
only be suspended, her place in the Union be
unaffected, and in all other respects she would
stand upon the dignity and equality of the other
States. If it were otherwise, a power would be
lodged in Congress to do what neither secession
or war has accomplished.
The Constitution provides for its amend-
ment; it contains a provision that Congress,
whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall propose amendments, j
which shall be valid to all.intents and purposes
as part of the Constitution when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several
! States. Congress in 1866, by a two-thirds vote
in each branch of the national Legislature,
proposed to all the States, including the south-
ern, the fourteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution. In the notice of the ratifi-
| cation of it by the Secretary of State, in July,
1868, he recites that, among others, it was rati-
! fied by the Legislatures of the States of Vir-
1 ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida,
I and Texas. The votes of these States were
essential to its confirmation. If they were
not in the Union, or if they did not sustain
their political relations to it, how could they
adopt and make an article of the Constitu-
tion for all the States of the Union, North
and South ? There is the same solemnity and
importance in adding to a constitution by
amendment as in its original formation. The
organic law, when properly changed or mod-
ified, i3 the act of the nation; it binds all the
States and the people of the States, and when
a new State is admitted, it reaches forth and
covers its whole extent and operates upon all
its citizens.
If the seceding States were not in political
relation with the Government, nor possessed
the attributes of sovereignty, if they were not
States in the Union, in affinity and in com-
munion with it, how could they sit in solemn
judgment upon a proposition of Congress and
ratify an amendment? The Constitution says
it is to be done by the Legislatures of the
States. These Legislatures must have a legal
and political existence, or they could not con-
tribute to change the fundamental law. The
fourteenth amendment curtails the represent-
ation in Congress of any State which discrimi-
nates in granting the right of suffrage. It also
deprives a class of persons in the South who
engaged in the rebellion, or who aided it, from
sitting in Congress, becoming electors of Pres-
identand Vice President, and of holding office,
unless they shall be relieved by a two-thirds
vote of both Houses of Congress. Here is
presented the spectacle of States in the South
adopting an amendment which is to take not
only from themselves, but from Delaware,
Maryland, and Kentucky, a proportion of their
representation, unless they admit persons of
whatever color to vote ; although when adopted
it was not to have any present effect upon the
southern States, because it is alleged that they
were not in political connection with the Gov-
ernment ; making an addition to a Constitution
which was to operate upon others and not upon
themselves. Is not that conclusion, with due
respect, preposterous?
In the ratification of the thirteenth or anti-
slavery amendment the Secretary of State cer-
tified that there were thirty-six States in the
United States; that three fourths of them had
ratified the amendment, which had thereby
become valid to all intents and purposes as a
part of the Constitution of the United States.
The Secretary expressly recognizes thirty-six
States in the Union as the United States,
including every southern State. Congress has
accepted this amendment as a part of the
organic law, made so by the votes of Virginia,
Louisiana, Tennessee, Arkansas, South Caro-
lina, Alabama, North Carolina, and Georgia.
If they were not fully and unconditionally in
the Union these amendments are invalid and
void, and if they were fully in the Union any
conditions upon them which were not applied
to all the other States make the amendments
equally ineffectual and nugatory.
But what was the condition of Tennessee
after she had passed the ordinance of seces-
sion, after the commencement of hostilities,
and while Hon. Andrew Johnson represented
her in the Senate of the United States ? He
continued in this body, speaking, voting, and
engaging in acts of legislation as other Sen-
ators down to the 4th of March, 1862, when he
was confirmed as brigadier general of Ten-
nessee, with the title of military governor of
that State. Could he have thus occupied his
seat if the State had gone, out of the Union ?
How was the relation of that State to the Union
changed if he was permitted to represent her
in Congress and perform the functions of a
Senator of the United States? Suppose that a
State should attempt to secede, but her Sena-
tors and Representatives should refuse to vacate
their seats in this and the other Chamber, would
the Senate and the House expel them ? Could
you by a vote eject Senators who claimed to be
loyal because their States might be disloyal ?
Where would you find the power to unseat
them ? It is not in the Constitution, and if
you exercised it the relation of the State to the
Government would be changed by the act of
the Senate in that respect and not by the
Senators.
Mr. Madison, in a letter to Mr. Monroe,
dated in 1820, and to be found in the third vol-
ume of Mr. Madison's works, in commenting
upon the Missouri constitution, said:
" There can be no doubt that the clause preventing
the emigration of free people of color into the State,
if against tho Constitution of the United States,
would be anullity, it being impossible for Congress,
with, more than without, a concurrence of new or
old members of the Union, to vary the political
equality of the States, or their constitutional rela-
tions to each other or to the whole."
This is clear and emphatic, and leaves no
ground upon which modern reconstruction
can rest. Great latitude of construction is fre-
quently given to that clause of the Constitu-
tion which declares that "The United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government;" and sepa-
rated only by a comma are the words " and
shall protect each of them against invasion,
and on application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened against domestic violence." By con-
struing the whole together the meaning is plain
that the only guarantee intended is a change
from a government republican in form to a
monarchy or aristocracy, and which change it
was supposed would be effected by violence
or usurpation; against a forcible and usurped
change of the State government was this power
of guarantee to be applicable or applied. It
has a limited and qualified existence. Alex-
ander Hamilton, in the twenty-first number of
the Federalist, wrote:
" It could be no impediment to reform of the State
constitutions by a majority of the people in a legal
and peaceable mode. This right would remain un-
diminished. T be Ruaran tee could only operate against
changes to be effected by violence. A guarantee by
the national authority would be as much against the
usurpations of rulers as against the ferments ana
outrages of faction and sedition in the community.
It must be some sedition, some force used
by faction, some power violently usurped, con-
trary to the constitution of the State, that can
call this guarantee clause into exercise ; it is a
latent, inactive power, which usurpation and
violence in changing a form of government to
aristocracy or monarchy, can bring into action;
and then it can only guaranty the preexisting
| government which was forcibly superseded; a
guarantee acts upon something which exists; it
has no creating, molding, or modifying power :
i its sole duty is to prevent a forcible and radi-
! cal change ofa republican government: thecon-
