1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4043
the Constitution of the United States; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of New Jersey, protesting against an
increase of the tax on smoking tobacco) and
praying the establishment of a uniform tax of
sixteen cents per pound on all manufactured
tobacco and snuff; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the continuance of the inquisitorial income
tax ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Jesse D. Prince, of Jackson county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Henry C.
Jones, Josiah Patterson, R. 0. Pickett, and
W. IS. Wood, of Florence, Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States; which
were referred to the sclect Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Rules, to whom was referred
a resolution introduced by the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlax] respecting amendments
to appropiiat.ion bills, to report an amendment
by way of addition to the thirtieth rule ; and
with the permission of the Senate, in order
that Senators may have it in their mind, X will
state the effect of it now, although I shall not
ad; immediate action upon it.
The existing rule, as Senators know, pro-
vides for amendments to appropriation bills of
t wo or three classes by way of limitation. One
is that no additional item of appropriation
shall bp received or considered except to carry
nut some existing law, or reported by a com-
mittee. We propose to provide that all that
class of amendments, except those that carry
out the provisions of existing laws or resolu-
tions. shall not be considered without the con-
sent of two thirds of the Senate; that is, a two-
thirds vote; and that no amendment making
legislative provisions in an appropriation bill,
except relating to those appropriations, shall
be considered withoutt.be consent of two thirds
of the Senate.
Then we provide that any pending amend-
ment to an appropriation bill may be laid upon
the table without affecting the bill; so that if
the Senate do not wish to consider it at all
they can lay it aside without affecting the bill
and without further debate.
Then we provide, finally, that it shall be in
order at any time when an appropriation bill
is under consideration, by a two-thirds vote, to
order the termination of debate upon the par-
ticular item or amendment that is then pend-
ing ; so that the Senate by a majority of two
thirds will have it in its power, after it shall
think that debate has been exhausted on some
one particular point, to come to a vote upon
it. I ask that, the report be printed, and I
shall call it up for consideration when Sen-
ators shall be ready to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Has it been read ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ihavestatedtheeffectofit.
LEVEES OF TIIE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration the bill
introduced by me in December last, entitled
"A bill (S. No. 310) constituting the Mississippi
Valley Levee Company anationalcorporation,"
and also sundry other bills in regard to the
swine subject. The committee some time since
Pi>p<'inted the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
BYceingham] anil myself as a sub-committee
to consider these bills, and also the whole ques-
tion of redeeming the alluvial lands of the
Mississippi from overflow by a complete and
effective system of levees.
I had the honor some time since to introduce
a bill looking to carrying out the suggestions
of the Louisville convention of last summer,
and asking for an appropriation of public lands;
and on my motion that bill was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Another bill was also introduced by me a
short time since, carrying out the suggestions
of the same convention, and similar to the first,
except that it proposed that the Government
indorse bonds. That bill was referred to the
Committee on Finance. Both these bills, the
one I speak of as having been introduced and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and the other, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, are predicated upon an act
passed by the Legislature of the State of Louis-
iana last winter. That act is held for some
reason in abeyance, and has not, as I am in-
formed, yet been approved by the Governor.
In the mean time this subject has been very
generally discussed and agitated throughout
the Mississippi valley. It is a subject that may
very properly,I apprehend,be considered either
by the Committee on Finance or the Commit-
tee on Commerce or the Committee on Public
Lands. Certainly there can be no question, so
far as the Committee on Commerce is con-
cerned, of the propriety of considering the gen-
eral bearings of this whole subject. So far as
devoting public lands to that object is con-
cerned, I suppose it should properly go to the
Committee on Public Lands. If the proposi-
tion looked to the indorsing of bonds prob-
ably the Committee on Finance would be the
proper reference.
But, sir, in view of the fact that all the bills
now under consideration are predicated upon
the action of the Legislature of {he Stale of
Louisiana, (and I believe this action and the
plan proposed by it is very generally regarded
with favoj', and as promising to be the most
effective in material results,) and inasmuch as
there is so much discussion and so much agita-
tion regarding this matter, the sub-committee
of the Committee on Commerce, composed, as
I have said, of the Senator from Connecticut
and myself, on consultation concluded to recom-
mend to the Committee on Commerce, and
they in turn have instructed me to report to the
Senate as a substitute and in lieu of Senate bill
No. 310, the following resolution, which I ask
may be immediately considered:
Rexolved, That a. committee of five be appointed
by the President of tho Senate, whose duty it shall
be to consider the wbolo subject of redeeming the
alluvial lands of the Mississippi from overflow by a
completoand efl'eetivc levee system, and what action,
if any, Congress ousht to take to promote this object.
That said committee be authorized to sit during the
recess of the Senate, and to report by bill or other-
wise at the next session of Congress: and that said
committee bo authorized to employ a elerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
can only be considered at this time by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
It is before the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
HEPOItTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Catharine Boursliett, praying for the extension
of a patent granted to her husband for an im-
provement in railroad-car wheels, grasted No-
vember 13, 18-19, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was recommitted the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 124) for the relief of
John M. Broome and others, the band of the
twelfth Kentucky infantry, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. FOWLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Frederick Vincent, administrator
of James LeCaze, surviving partner of Le Caze
& Mallet, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 9G6) for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Briga-
dier General William Thompson, of Pennsyl-
vania, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 907) for the relief of Fanny A.
Thompson, surviving heir and legal represent-
ative of William Thompson, deceased, formerly
a brigadier general in the army of the revolu-
tionary war.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 100-1) to arch Tiber creek
north of Pennsylvania avenue, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 125) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a canal or canals for irrigating
purposes in the State of California, reported it
with amendments ; and the bill and amend-
ments were ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. A majority of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 775) to confirm to James M.
Hutchings and James C. Lamon their preemp-
tion claims in the Yosemito valley, in the State
of California, have directed me to report it
back adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POMEEOY. No ; let it go on the Cal-
endar with the adverse report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
ordered; and the bill will be placed on the
Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. POMEROY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (IT. It. No. 1986)
to extend the provisions of the preemption
laws to the Territory of Colorado, and for other
purposes, have had the same under considera-
tion, and directed me to report it back with
an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that that bill lie
on the table for the present; there may be an
opportunity to get it up after awhile.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better go on the
Calendar.
' Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me to state one word of explan-
ation, I think he will agree with me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not intend to object
to my friend's making a speech ; I only object
to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. The object of the bill is
to correct a ruling in the Land Office by which
a special clause in a special act relating to set-
tlers on public lands in the Territory of Col-
orado has been held applicable to the whole
country. The object of this bill is to correct
that ruling; and I ask, therefore, that it lie on
the table until some convenient hour when it
can be taken up and disposed of, to-morrow or
early next week.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to the bill
being laid oil the table if my fiiend desires that.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me say to the Sen-
ator from California that it has no advantage
by lying on the table from what it would have
if placed on the Calendar. It will take a
majority vote to take it from the table, and it
will only take a majority vote to consider it on
the Calendar whenever it is in order to con-
sider it at all. There is no advantage to the
bill in having it lie on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose there is no
disadvantage in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires that the billlieon the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I prefer that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the select Cora-
