1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
like the samples of goods purchased. I want
tliem to have samples of the goods, and com-
pare them with the goods that are distributed,
and see that the goods are the identical goods
that are purchased.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEWART subsequently said: I wanted
to call attention to some features of the Indian
bill. I will enter a motion to reconsider it. I
may withdraw the motion after I have examined
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
ciioptanis light-station.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the indulgence
of the Senate to take up the joint resolution
respecting the establishment of a light-liouso
in Chesapeake bay, reported on favorably by the
Committee on Commerce, and which makes 110
appropriation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
110 objection to the request of the Senator from
Maryland.
There being no objection, the Senato, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. If.. No. 78) rela-
tive to the establishment of a light-station on
the Choptauk river, in Maryland. It proposes
to authorize the Light-House Board to establish
a light station to mark U10 obstruction to nav-
igation in the Choptank river, Maryland, in the
vicinity of Castle Haven Point.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate withoulauicndmeiit, ordered to bo engrossed
tor a third reading, read tins third time, and
passed.
COI.U.MIttA KAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Son-
nto bill No. 227.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Colum-
bia Railway Company of tlio District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Let me say that this is a
charter for a railroad from a point opposite the
Treasury Department, at New York avenue, to
the point where General Sherman now lives.
It. is a, counterpart of the other charters we have
passed in this city. I do not understand that
there is a voice against it anywhere, and it is
a marvel that any bill can be presented for this
city that does not beget an objection. I do not
see, therefore, the necessity for reading it at
length. I hope it will pass. They can set two
or three hundred laborers at work immediately
011 it, and they want the labor.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it will be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
read.
The Secretary read the bill.
The route of the proposed railway is as fol-
lows: commencing at a point on the eastern
side of west Fifteenth street on New York ave-
nue, thence eastwardly along New York avenue
to its intersection with north Iv street; thence
along north K street to its intersection with
Massachusetts avenue; thence along Massa-
chusetts avenue to its intersection with north
H street ; and thence along north H street to
its eastern termination with the Columbia turn-
pike gate. Should a majority of the stockhold-
ers so elect at any time within two years after
the completion of the road as stated, the com-
pany shall have the right to extend the road,
either with a single or double track with the
necessary switches and turnouts, along the lino
of the Columbia Turnpike Road Company, with
the consent of the turnpike company, or on
any other road or roads leading northwardly or
eastwardly from such intersection at the Co-
lumbia turnpike gate now opened, or which
may hereafter be opened by the proper author-
ities ; and thence along said road or roads by
the most practicable route or routes to the
termini near, at, or in the District of Columbia,
receiving therefor a rate of faro not c-xccediug
 cents a passenger for any distance on said
road or roads; the carriages on this extension
to be propelled cither by horse-power or dummy
engines, at the option of the company.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee 011 the
District of Columbia report an amendment, to
erase certain names and insert others, which
I send to the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the names of Moses Kelley,
II. 15. Sweeney, and Amos Kendall, in the
list of incorporators, and to insert the follow-
ing names:
Matthow G. Kuiery, W. M. Stickny, Miu-tiii M.
Rolirer, Richard Sutton, David 1). Cone, Robert
Williams, William 1'. Copdand, William it. Nattey,
(<-. 11. li. White, James T. Pritchard, ,t. C. \VIi, Jolin
It. MoUutclien, I'auIusThyson, Bernard lluycs, and
Jacob 1>. ICitch.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 move to amend the
bill by inserting tho word "seven" in the
fourteenth lino of tho seventeenth section after
the word "exceeding;'1 so as to read "not
exceeding seven."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of tho Senator from Now Hampshire to
ono provision. 1 do not know but that it is
right. The liro companies of the District have
a right to run their lire-engines in time of fire
over tho track where they have a mind to ; but
in this bill you have given this railroad com-
pany au exeiusivo right as against everybody
olso. It, repeals so much of the charter of the
fire companies as gives them the right they now
possess. Tho tire companies now have a right
to run over railroad tracks whore they can.
They can place au obstruction right across tho
track.
Mr. CONKLlNd. Then tho point is not
that they can run 011 the track, but obstruct it
temporarily in case of fire.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that
this is right: 1 only call attention to it.
Mr. PATTERSON. This is in the same
form as tho charter of tho two existing street
railroad companies.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third leading, was lead tho third time, and
passed.
Mr. PATTERSON. I suggest that the sev-
enth section, containing tho power to alter,
amend, or repeal the charter, be placed as the
last section of the bill, and that the numbering
be correspondingly changed.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
110 objection to that alteration, and it is so
ordered.
KXRObUil) Iiir,L SltiNKD.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of tho House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (II. R. No. 151) in
relation to tho construction of tho Rock Island
bridge; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
ACilUOUl.TUltAh COr.HKlB OIIANTS.
Mr. DRAKE, l^ask the Senate to take up
Senato joint resolution No. 125.
There being 110 objection, the Senato, as in
Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) con-
cerning colleges for tho benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts.
The Committee on Education and Labor
reported the joint resolution with an amend-
ment, to strike out all after the enacting clause
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That no State which shall not before the passage
hereof have complied witii the conditions of tne
net donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts, approved
July 2,1862, shall be entitled to receive any grant of
lands or scrip under said act unless the Legislature
of said State shall by law first provide that in any
college or educational institution established in ac-
cordance with said act all persons, without distinc-
tion 011 account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, shall bo entitled to equal advantages,
rights, and privileges; and if any sueh State having
passed such a law shall aftorward repeal the same
without the consent of Congress, or without such
consent altor the same so as not to secure such equal
advantages, rights, and privileges to all persons,
huchicpcaloralteration shalloperato asaforfeiture
to ttin United States of any lands or scrip granted
under said act, or of tho proceeds thereof, whother
hold by such State in money or invested by it in
securities in pursuanco of said act.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Tho joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho committcc
also proposo to strike out the preamble, which
will bo read.
The Secretary read the preamble, as follows:
Whereas by an act approved July 2,1862, entitled
"Au act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for tho
benefit of agriculture and tho mechanic arts," pub-
lic lauds wore donated upon certain conditions ex-
pressed 111 said act: Therefore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out the preamble.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to have tho
resolution reported in full.
The Secretary read the joint resolution at
length.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to know whether
this forfeits 'ho soiip in the hands of innocent
purchasers.
Mr. DRAKK. Of course it could not have
that effect by any possibility.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 supposed not; but the
language is general.
Mr. POMEROY. In ll e hands of the State.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President., I trust thi:
joint resolution will not bo hurried through,
it has been read, and wo have gained 11 von
imperfect knowledge of it from the mere read-
ing. I have been unable from tho time it wa :
reported at the desk to find my copy of it and
examine it. It stiikcs mo that it is a very mi
portant action on the part of Congress."pos-
sibly affecting contracts and vested lights. It
is a matter I think that we should coiisnUu
very thoroughly.
Mr. SCHURZ. This joint resolution h
been before the Senate now since the IO1I1 ol
February. It does not divest any lights, hm
provides " that no State which shall not bcfoi.
the passage hereof have complied with the (op
ditions ot the act donating public lands to tl;<
several States and Territories which may pro
vide colleges for tho benefit of agriculture ami
the mechanic arts, approved July 2, 1802 "
shall be entitled to receive lands'or scrm un-
less it opens these colleges to all citizens'with-
out distinction of color. It does not forfeit t h"
rights of those States which have complied
with the conditions. It seems to me that sine"
we have admitted, and justly so, colored men
to the Senate there is no ground on which we
can exclude them from agricultural colleges.
Mr. THURMAN. What are the conditions
the States were to comply with? I do nor
exactly remember the law.
Mr. SCHURZ The conditions are con-
tained in the act of July 2, 1802.
Mr. THURMAN. Can the Senator ni-.iio'.-t
brief statement of what they are ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I cannot state them a!1.
