1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11
stitution does not contemplate by the consent
of tie people 6f a State stKsh on essential change
in the form of its government, and the provis-
ion was not inserted for snch a case, although
its terms might reach to and embrace it; but by
the context, as cited, it looks to domestic vio-
lence as the only supposable cause that could
effect the result; but the idea of affixing con-
ditions and restrictions upon the constitution
of a State, or the people of a State, when
amending or changing its constitution, is a
proposition so dangerous and monstrous, so
fatal and destructive of the frame and genins
of our Government, that my mind shrinks and
revolts from it as from a specter. If you in-
sist upon passing an act for the admission of
Mississippi, let it be single, simple, and uncon-
ditional.
The junior Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz,] in a recent speech on the Virginia
bill, took occasion to speak of what he called
the rebel Democracy of the North. Who was
tneant I can only conjecture. Perhaps the
Seuator did not allude to the hundreds of thou-
sands of Democrats who went into the war and
iought its battles, from the commencement to
tlio end of that terrible conflict. Without the
aid of such the Senator would not now hold a
seat here, nor would this beautiful marble tem-
5>le be in our occupancy. _ To fight the battles
ot the Union is one thing, and to maintain and
defend the principles of the Constitution after
tlie struggle has ended is worthy of the best and
noblest efforts of all patriots and statesmen.
To designate soch with an epithet applicable
to persons in revolt against the Government in
a time of peace is a confounding of words, and
worse than a solecism. I have been more
amused than edified by the new doctrine of pro-
tection of reconstruction, which is announced
with emphasis. When a definition ia asked we
are told that'' sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof."
1 must confess that I have not been very
forcibly impressed with the answer, which may
mean anything or nothing, according to cir-
cumstances and party, exigencies, from the
very enlarged views of constitutional powers
which have been practiced in reconstruction, I
had supposed that Republican Senator's would
be able to expound the Constitution,and furnish
us with some definite and explicit interpreta-
tions of that instrument; but it seems that the
only light that has been afforded is that pro-
tection is to supersede reconstruction. If the
former shall prove as prolific of implied and
unlimited powers as the latter, and be made
as subservient to party interests^ it will soon
be a misnomer to call that a'Constitution which
our fathers framed and transmitted to us as
such.
At the anniversary meeting, on the 22d De-
cember last, of the New England Society of
the State of New York, in celebration of the
landing of the Pilgrim Fathers at Plymouth
Rock, in response to the toast in honor of the
President of the United States the Attorney
General, in speaking of that high personage,
said:
" His history might be written in the motto of my
own State—the sword is sheathed and peace (but
alwayswith liberty) is what he now seeks. If I may
borrow a figure from another profession than my own,
I might say that our great leader, haringcut a tumor
from the bndy-politio, is now engaged in tying up the
arteries, and endeavoring tobring the healing forces
of nature to work. I have no doubt you would rather
near something he has said himself than anything!
could say for him; and as the other day in private
he made a remark which struck me as having the
root of the matter in it, I propose to call your atten-
tion respectfully to it. The President said this: * I
hope to see the time when everywhere in this coun-
try every man may follow his lawful business when
nepleases,andmay express his opinion on all subjects
and give his y oteashe likes,and have it counted with-
out being molested or insulted for it. And then, if
we can all unite in maintaining the public faith and
public credit, our political differences will not be of
much account."'
How the precipitancy of the President in
signing the bill for military rule over and recon -
struction of the State of Georgia is endeavoring j
to bring the healing forces of nature to work, I
or to afford every man a right to vote and
have it connted, comports with the declara-
tions of the Attorney General, I leave to
others to discover. I protest against this pre-
ponderance of the bayonet, and the war that is
waged on civil liberty. It has been said that
the bayonet is an effectual instrument to stab
liberty with. Louis Napoleon j after being
elected president of France, set himself up i
by usurpation as emperor. Now he finds I
himself constrained to yield to the popular i
will and rule by a ministry responsible to the
representatives of the people ; and his throne,
which was erected by military power, is shaken
by the forces of public opinion. It was once i
said' that you can do anything with bayonets
except to sit upon them at your ease. Sover- ;
eign States may now be ruled by military !
power, and test-oaths be arbitrarily and un-
justly imposed, bat the time will comewhen
a reaction of tremendous magnitude will dis-
turb the equanimity of those who have ruled
by force and disfranchisement. One extreme
is likely to produce its opposite. The Amer-
ican people will submit to changes in their
organic law if made freely, fairly, and delib-
erately by all the States, acting constitu-
tionally, without conditions, moral coercion,
duress, or Government influence, end where
they act as Equals in power, dignity, and con-
dition; but they never will cease to agitate
when amendments are- made by party for
party, and under circumstances such as have
characterized those which have been made
since the yeair 1861, and now in process of
manipulation and manufacture;
In the case of Thorington against Smith and
Hartley, recently decided by the Supreme
Court of the United. States, Judge Chase, in
delivering the opinion of the court, said, in
reference to the character of the southern
secession:
"From a very early period of the civil war to its
close it was regarded as simply the military, repre-
sentative of the insurrection against tho authority
of the United States."
In reference td a de facto government in the
South, the court compared the condition of
that country, to that of Cafitine, in the State of
Maine, in the. war of 1812, when it Was occu-
pied by a British force, and said:
By the surrender, the inhabitants passed under a
temporary allegiance to the British Government,
and were bound by such laws, and such only, as it
ohose to recognize and impose."
A like example being afforded by the occu-
pation of Tampico by United States troops
during the war with Mexico, the court go on
to say, that—
" The central government established for the in-
surgent States differed from the temporary govern-
ments of Castine and Tampico in the circumstance
that its authority did not originate lawful acts of
regular war; but it was not on that account less
actual or less supreme, and we think that it must be
classed among the governments of which these are
examples. It seems to follow, as a necessary conse-
quence, from the actual supremacy of the insurgent
government as a belligerent within the territory
where it circulated, and the necessity of civil obe-
dience on the part of all who remained in it, that
this currency must be regarded in courts of law in
the same light as if it had been issued by a foreign
Government tenn>orarily occupying a part of the
territory of the United States,"
A contract made between persons residing
in the confederacy, payable in the currency of
that government, the court say—
"Can be enforced in the courts of the United
States, after the restoration of peace, to the extent
of their just obligation."
The following principles are clearly deduci-
ble from this opinion of the court: first, that
the persons residing within the limits of the
confederacy were bound to civil obedience to
its government. Secondly, that the authority
of the United States was only suspended in its
exercise during the actual occupation by the
troops of that government and the maintenance
of its power. Thirdly, that as in Castine, as
soon as the British army left it, the Constitution
and laws of the United States, ex necessitate,
resumed their jurisdiction and exercise, and
no hew laws or reconstruction was necessary
to bring the people of that section into political
relations with the Government of the United
States. Fourthly, that the courts of the United
States were open to suitors, to enforce contracts
made while the war continued, after peace had
been restored, thus recognizing clearly and
distinctly that the civil war worked no radical
or material change in the State governments
of the South, nor in the General Government
nor in the legal relations of the State govern-
ments to it. The harmony of the system was
disturbed, and its practical connections were
suspended, but no tie was broken, nor was the
system at all changed ; the ideas of reconstruc-
tion, of military agency, military governors,
and provisional State governments are modern
party-theories, which have no legitimate exist-
ence in our political system, and are utterly
Utopian and foreign to it; they are indefens-
ible, and unworthy of the American people.
It is conceded by political writers that the
Government of the United States acts on the
people, and not on the governments of the
States, as it would do in a confederacy. Mr.
Madison inculcated this view in a letter to John
Tyler in 1833. That our Government is not
simply a confederacy will not be asserted, it
is partly national and partly federal. In its
foundation it is said to be federal; in its sources
of power it is partly federal and partly national;
in the operation of its powers it is national, and
in it3 extent of them it is federal. That the
southern States never lost their constitutional
positions in the Union, nor their organization
as States j by secession, is palpable from a
consideration of the nature of their existence
and their connection with the Union. If a
State government shall be dissolved by consent
or force it is reduced to its original elements;
the people xnust for their safety and security
proceed, as they originally did, to form a new
government. So the conventions of the people
of the States, in their capacities as States, not
in their aggregate capacity as a mass or nation,
where a numerical majority would have decided
and made it a national or consolidated govern-
ment, created the Federal Government. If the
latter by consent or force shall be dissolved
it will be reduced to its original elements, the
communities, in their capacity of States, which
framed it. They originated it; and when nine
States ratified the Constitution it was to become
a government, leaving the other States to act
according to their volition. Mr. Madison enter-
tained this view of the subject, and so expressed
it in a letter to Mr. Webster in 1833. It is
according to the philosophy and structure of
the Government and analogies of nature. How,
then, could the southern States, under any
view of this matter, be dealt with as having no
governments, but as conquered provinces,
where only an unsuccessful attempt was made
to break up the Union ?
As a part of reconstruction there is now
pending before the Senate a bill reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and which
has been defended by its chairman [Mr. Trum-
bull] in a speech delivered a few weeks since,
which takes from the Supreme Court its appel-
late jurisdiction in cases of habeas corpus, and
to determine upon the illegality of the arrest
and imprisonment of any citizen. Can this be
done? The provision in the Constitution is:
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended unless when in eases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
This guarantee of the Constitution overrides
all reconstruction acts, and is intended to pro-
tect the rights of the citizen against the power
of the Government. Does rebellion or invasion
exist? The President has proclaimed both to
be at an end, and all the departments of Gov-
ernment have acquiesced and acted upon the
fact so patent that none can question it. Mis-
sissippi, acting under the authority and auspices
of the General Government, has held elections,
and her representatives presented themselves
at our door to seek that admission which was
impliedly promised. There is no war, rebe -
