4044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBI.
June 3,
miitee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties, reported a bill (S. No. 985) for the relivf
of Arthur E. Reynolds, of Mississippi, from,
all legal" and political disabilities ; which 'Was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the imme-
diate consideration of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go on the Calendar.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the Senatotf from
Vermont will hear me a moment I think he will
withdraw his objection. I have in my hand a
telegram from the Governor of Mississippi, and
signed also by the chief justice and two asso-
ciate justices, asking that Mr. Reynolds's dis-
abilities be removed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state my reason for
objecting. The Calendar is now fall of bills
to which nobody lias any objection if we can
only reach them; but if we allow gentlemen on
reporting bills to have those bills put through
we shall never reach those reported weeks ago.
The consideration of bills takes time, and as
we are to proceed to-day with the Calendar of
unobjected bills we can reach them all if wo
go on regularly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. Reynoldsisa judge
in Mississippi, and onlv wants his commission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is ob-
jected to, and it will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
A. J. Campbell, submitted a report thereon
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. R. No.
211) in relation to the claim of A. J. Campbell.
The joint resolution was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
OATTLB DISEASES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom waS referred a concurrent reso-
lution to print additional copies of the report
on the diseases of cattle, have instructed mo
to report it back and recommend its passage.
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved by the Senate, (tho IIouso of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed six thou-
sand extra copies of tho reports on tho diseases of
cattle in the United States, presenting the results of
investigations ordered by Congress and conducted
under tho direction ot the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, with illustrations representing various stages
of disease, including six photomicrographs and not
exceeding eight colored plates; of which fifteen hun-
dred copies shall bo for the use of members of the
Senate, three thousand copies for theusoof tho mem-,
born of tho House of Representatives, and fltteen
hundred for the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. ANTHONY. This work is:xlittle more
expensive than those the printing of which the
committee are in the habit of recommending,
and therefore I will state the facts for the in-
formation of tho Senate.
Some time ago Congress directed the Com-
missioner of Agriculture to institute some ex-
periments upon the diseases of cattle. Those
experiments have been made, and have been
completed, in the opinion of the Commissioner,
to the very great advantage of the agricultural
interests of the country, tracing the causes of
the disease, or at least the appearances of the
disease, and giving information by which farm-
ers and drovers will be able to detect the nature
and kinds of disease with which their cattle
may be infected. The whole cost of this work
will be some ten or twelve thousand dollars,
because it is necessary that it should be accom-
panied with expensive plates to give any value
io the work. Considerable expense has already
been incurred in the preparation of the work,
and, in the judgment of the Committee on
Printing, which is confirmed by that of the
Agricultural Committee, it is best to print it.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know
whether it is simply the report that hasalready
been published?
Mi. ANTHONY. There has been a part
of if printed, a preliminary report; and then
there are engravings, photomicrographs, giving
the exact ajjpt'.a aut.e of tne diseased parts of
the animal.
Mr. FOWLER. •. the -point I wish to know
is whether the additional matter the Cortiinis-
siorier Of Agriculture lias is to be published in
this new report,.because he has a great deal
of additional matter ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes. I know-the pre®*'
ent publication is only a portion, bub how large
a portion I do not ltnow. There ate ho en-
gravings, I think, in the preliminary report. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are some wocfd-
cuts.
Mr. ANTHONY. These are photomicro-
graphs.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relating to
tho claim of Br. John Tempi eton for services as sur-
geon of the tenth Tennessee cavalry, and for losses
sustained by him daring the war, bo withdrawn from
tho files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
908) making an appropriation to build a light-
house at Dames Point, St. John's rivet, Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CRAQ-IN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 209) authorizing the Presi*
dent to nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate to appoint, Lyman
O. Spatilding a master in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 210) referring the claim, of
Joseph R. Brown to the Court of Claims; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move to take
up House bill No. 1828, and if the Senate will
indulge me to state what it is I think they will
see the importance of early action upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded, and the Senator from
Illinois asks consent to proceed with the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions laid
over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer a
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is m the
nature of an objection to other business.
BUSINESS OP COMMERCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit the following
resolution :
Ilewfoed, That Tuesday noxt he set apart for the
consideration of bills reported from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill to which I wish
to call attention is House bill No. 1823, and it
is the bill to provide for the apportionment of
Representatives in Congress among the several
States. It is important, of course, that this bill
should be acted upon at an early day. The
House of Representatives has already passed
it, and I hope the Senate will consent to take
it up this morning. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1823.
Mr. EDMUNDS, i rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont rises to a question of order. He
will state it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the existing rules of
the Senate, ifthe morning business is concluded,
the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
*' Tlrf VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tiohs:laidr over' hetVe not yet been considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then it is not
in ordei? to taakfe thiS'lfiotion ac this time; but
I do n'ob niake- that point. I merely wish to
Say, as a lii&ltdr of oi-der, that by a standing
order already idoptedyor rather a special order
in the nHtUt-e of a stariilifig order, this day is
Set apart td the consideration of bills on the
Calendar to which there is no objection. I ain
aware that by'a ruling of the Chair, which is
probably correct, the Indian appropriation bill
is still technically before the body, and trould
have to be parsed ovet-; but being passed over
for any purpose, then the Senate has fixed by
its order,, which cannot be repealed without a
day's hotice-certainly, What shall be done to-
day. I feel obliged, in the interest of a great
many people whose cases I have in charge in
the way of pehsion bills to which there is no ob-
jection, to ask that that order may be enforced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not come up
until one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It comes up as
soon as the morning business and the Calendar
of resolutions which have laid over one day
have been disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to pass
by the resolutions laid over, with a view of'pro-
ceeding to the consideration of House bill No.
1823, which is a bill that ought to be acted
upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be obliged to object
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of taking up House bill No. 1823.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
a word on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone is debatable.
Mr. MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
to submit certain resolutions in the nature of
a memorial at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive them if there be no objection.
PERSECUTION OF JEWS.
Mr. MORTON. I present resolutions adopted
at a meeting of Israelites in Indianapolis yes-
terday ; and I ask to have them read and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The Chief Clerk read the resolutions, as
follows :
Ixdiaxafolis, Indiana, June 2,1870.
At a meeting of Israelites of this city, hold this
evening, tho following resolutionsworeunanimously
adopted:
Whereas the harrowing news of the terrible mas-
sacre of the Jews in the province of Roumania has
rcaehed us: Therefore,
lieitresolved, That our "hearts are filled with sorrow
and anguish at this dreadful act of barbarism com-
mitted in a country and by a people said to be civ-
ilized and professing tho Christian religion.
_ Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives
m Congress be requested to present this subject to tho
President, and urge him to immediately interpose
in behalf ot this persecuted and outraged people,
and to use all influence and power at his command
without delay to shield them from further outrages
and alleviate their sufferings.
Resolved, That wo call upon tho whole civilized
world, and the people of this country in particular,
to arise and proclaim in living words their abhor-
rence of this unheard-of massacre, and in the name
of civil and religious liberty and common humanity
demand of our Government to put forth its strong
arm to stay the fearful effusion of more innocent
blood.
Please give this matter your immediate attention.
S. H. BAMBERGER,
SOL. AI0R1TZ.
A. J. LANDAUR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SUilNER. In connection with that
subject I offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest,
any information in the possession of the Department
of State concerning the reported persecution and
massacre of Israelites 111 lioutnania.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
