2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggestth.it the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] was the author of the agricultural
college bill of 1862.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Vermont state what were the conditions to be
performed by the States in accepting the grant
for agricultural colleges ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will refer
the Senator ffom Ohio to^ the statute ; there
are some four or five conditions.
Mr. DRAKE. While the Senator from Ver-
mont is looking for the statute I will state, for
the information of the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Delaware, that this resolu-
tion has no reference to any State that has
heretofore received its agricultural lands or
agricultural scrip and has fulfilled the condi-
tions contained in the original grant. It only
refers to such States as have not complied yet
with those conditions.
Mr. THURM AN. What are the conditions?
Mr. DllAKE. The conditions will be found
in a moment, as soon as we can turn to the act;
but it did not occur to me as being important
to define those conditions here now. The only
question is whether the State has complied with
them. If it has not it cannot get the lands at
all except by the leave of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have the
statute ; and I ask the Clerk to read the con-
ditions.
The Secretary read as follows :
"Firtf. ll" any portion of tho fund invested, as
provided by tho foregoing section, or .any portion of
the interest tlieroon, shall, by any action or contin-
gency, be diminished or lost, it shall be replaced by
the State lo which it boloney, so that tho capital of
tiio fund shall remain l'orovcr undiminished; and
tho annual interest shall bo regularly applied with-
out diminution to tho purposes mentioned in tho
fourth section of this act, except that a sum not
exceeding ten per cent, upon tbo amount received
by any State, under tho provisions of this act, may
bo expended for tho purchase of lands for sitos
or experimental farms, whenever authorized by tho
lespoctivo Legislatures of said States.
_ "Second. No portion of said fund, nor tiio interest
thereon, shall be applied, directly or indirectly, un-
der any pretense whatever, to thepurchaso, erection,
preservation, or repair of any building or buildings.
" Third. Any Stato which may take and claim the
benefit of tho provisions of this act shall provido
within five years at least not less than ono collego,
; - described in tho fourth i-cction of tliis act, or the
in ant to such State shall cease; and said Stato shall
bo bound to pay tho United States tho amount
i eceivcd of any lands previously sold, and that tho
titlo to purchasers uruhrr tho Stato shall bo valid.
" Fourth. An annual report shailbo made regarding
the progress of each college, recording any improve-
ments and experiments Ulado, with their cost and
results and such other matters, inoluding Stato in-
dustrial and economical statistics, as may bo sup-
posed usclui; oneeopy of which shall be transmitted
by mail free by each to all the other colleges which
mav be endowed under Iho provisions of this act,
and also one copy to tho Secrotary of tho Interior.
"Fijih. When lands shall be selected from those
which liavo boon raised to doublo tho minimum
prior, in consequence of railroad grants, they shall
bo computed to tho States at tho maximum price,
and the number of acres proportionally diminished.
"Su-th. No Stato while m a condition of rebellion
or insurrection against tho Government, of tho
United States shall bo ontitlod to tho benefit of this
act.
"Scvnth. No Statoshall bo entitled to tho benefits
of this actunlcssit shall oxpressits acceptance thereof
by its Legislature within two yoais from tho dateof
its approval by tho President."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I under-
stand the present joint resolution it does not
interfere with or chango any existing condi-
tion, but merely adds another to those States
which have not already established colleges
and complied with the old conditions ; that
is, that they shall admit all students without
regard to race or color.
Jlr. THURJIAN. It would seem from the
reading of tho conditions that they are allcon-
flitions-snbsequent. I believe there is not one
of them that is a condition-precedent. The
land was given to the States at once upon cer-
tain conditions-subsequent, or limitations, and
which are continual forever, as, for instance,
that the fund shall always be applied to the
purpose specified in the act, that reports shall
always be made annually, &c.
Mr. DRAKE. Allow me to point out to
of the
the honorable Senator the
statute;
" That the grant of land or land scrip hereby au-
thorized shall be made on the following conditions,
to which, as well as the provisions hereinbefore con-
tained, the previous assent of tho several States shall
be signified by legislative acts."
Now, this resolution reaches the case of those
States that have not yet signified by legislative
act their agreement to those conditions.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, but it goes much
farther than that. It is true the assent of the
States was to be obtained to those condi-
tions, but then these are conditions-subsequent.
They are conditions that are to be performed
after the State has obtained the grant. There
is one of them in one case providing that if
the condition be not performed, for instance,
if at least one college be not created in five
years, the grant shall revert to the United
States or the money refunded, if I understood
the reading correctly.
Mr. SCHURZ. This resolution provides
that no State which shall not before the pas-
sage hereof have complied with the conditions
of the act of July 2, 1862, shall be entitled to
receive any land or scrip under that act unless
on complying with a certain other condition.
Of course it refers only to conditions-preee-
dent.
Mr. THURMAN. But what condition-pre-
cedent is there ? That is the very question.
Mr. SCHURZ. The conditions-precedent
are those which entitle the States to receive
these lands.
Mr. THURMAN. If 1 understood tho read-
ing, there is not one of those conditions that
is a condition-precedent except that the State
shall pass an act assenting to the conditions.
That is all there is of it. All the further condi-
tions are conditions-subsequent; the land or
scrip, as the case maybe, is to be given to the
Stato, and the State is then bound to perform
tho conditions-subsequent.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that one of the conditions is, that
before this land shall go to the State the State
which may take and claim the benefit of the
provisions of the act "shall provide within
five years not less than one college, as described
in the fouith section of this act, or the grant
to such State shall ccase.'' If they do not
do that the grant shall cease.
Mr. THURMAN. Gut thoy are to get the
money or the land before they build the
collages.
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. THURMAN.^ Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. No; they are to do this
within five years, or the grant shall cease,
showing that it is a condition-precedent.
Mr. THURMAN. It cannot be. It was
not intended that the State should out of its
own funds erect a college building.
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that the law expressly provides that
no portion of the fund derived from the sale
of these lands shall be used for the erection of
buildings. I asked for the reading of this
resolution not out of any motive of hostility.
I was entirely ignorant of its provisions. I
am heartily in favor of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
time to look into this resolution. It is now
one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the report of the Judiciary
Committee in regard to the claim of Adelbert
Ames to a seat in this body, on which tho Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. To-morrow morning I shall
try to call up this resolution again.
SENAT0E FROM MISSISSIPPI.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
liisSWed, That Adelbert Ames is not eligible t'o
the seat in the Senate of the United States to which
he has been appointed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Having just been en-
gaged in arguing a cause in the Supreme Court
I desire to release the floor for the present. I
understand other Senators wish to speak on
the resolution. I may speak on it later in the
day or not.
Mr. WILLIAMS obtained the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be remembered that
there was an understanding, to which I simply
allude, that the Senate to-day at one o'clock
should proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. I am very reluctant to interfere
with the pending discussion. Indeed I think
that this case ought to be decided to-day. At
the same time the duty which I have in con-
nection with other matters leads me to make
the motion with which I shall conclude. It
will be for the Senate to determine whether
they will go into executive session to-day or
will proceed with the pending business, with
the understanding that they will go into exec-
utive session to-morrow. I now move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon yield for that purpose ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I think by unanimous con-
sent we might agree to take the vote on Gen-
eral Ames's case at four o'clock this after-
noon.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will consent to that. This is a
question of privilege. We ought to dispose
of it to-day certainly. I hope we may at four
o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. There is no motion before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have an under-
standing among Senators. If Senators will
come to an understanding that we shall pro-
ceed to-morrow at one o'clock to the consid-
eration of executive business, I shall cheer-
fully waive the motion now. I am anxious that
there should be such an understanding.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the understanding be
that we shall vote on this ease to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks consent to an understanding
that the Senate vote to-day at four o'clock on
the question of privilege. Is there objection
to that suggestion?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think there can
be an agreement on that point now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from Massachusetts objects.
Mr. MORTON._ I supDOse I understand
the business to which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts refers. I think probably it would
be as well to go on to-day and finish the Ames
ease, with the understanding that to-morrow
at one o'clock the Senate will proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, with that under-
standing 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot agree to an
understanding for to-morrow. I think tho
Georgia question should be disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. Leave it for a vote of the
Senate to determine to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest, then, that we
take tho vote to-day at five o'clock on the
question of privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I3 there objec-
tion to that proposition of tho Senator from
Kansas?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not object to that.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that I shall say
a word on this subject, but I will not make an
agreement as to the time when the vote shall
be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from Kentucky objects. The Senator from
Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Oregon 'Sill allow me, I desire, before he com-
