198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. op Reps.
The Farmer and the Tariff—Mr. Bird.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
before the committee of enormous frauds in this
matter. I admit that there was testimony show-
ing that there was fraud; that sugars that,
should have been rated above No. 12 Dutch
standard came in as No. 12 Dutch standard.
But 1 have conversed with sugar-refiners who
were here and urged upon us the passage of this
bill, and they told me that under the adminis-
tration of Secretary Boutwell there have been
no frauds in connection with the importations
of these sugars.
The operation of this bill will practically
turn over into the hands of the refiuers all the
sugar that comes into the United States, thereby
enabling them to make a profit on it. If it be
said that there are raw sugars imported for
consumption which will not pass into the hands
of refiners, I admit that there are a few classes
of sugar of that kind. But I have been told
that not more than one tenth of all the sugars
that are imported except those passing through
what is known as the centrifugal machine, or
vacuum pan or similar process, are fit for con-
sumption.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the policy which
we are perfecting by our legislation the Eng-
lish policy? Does she not secure to herself
the business of refining sugar?
Mr. ALLISON. My colleague on the com-
mittee admits by his question the construction
1 put upon the bill.
But, as I said before, under existing laws the
refiners have practically a monopoly in sugar,
and it is now proposed to pass all these sugars
through the hands of refiners, and it is said it
is done to prevent fraud.
_ I have upon my table a letter from the prin-
cipal appraiser in New York city, who states
that the classification here proposed will result
in fraud, for it will not be competent in all
cases for the appraisers to tell whether sugar has
passed through what is known as the centrif-
ugal machine, or the vacuum process, or is
raw sugar; that they can be imported inter-
changeably. Thus what is really clarified sugar
will be imported as raw sugar, and come in at
2 cents, when the bill provides for 3 cents on
clarified sugars; and dealers in sugar agree
with the appraiser that frauds can be commit-
ted under the proposed bill.
Now, I submit that when we have in this
country, as we have, large amounts of sugar
which will be affected by our legislation, what-
ever reduction is made should bo made upon
existing classifications, so that consumers will
have the full benefit of such reductions.
Now, why is this change made? It is he-
cause of a new process of clarifying sugar that
is said to prevail in Cuba and elsewhere, a
cheap process, in which a simple machine is
employed to assist nature in improving the
quality of sugar. That class of sugars is
required by this bill to pay a duty of 1 cent
per pound more than sugars of the same
quality that have not passed through this pro-
cess,^ which addition of 1 cent prohibits their
coming in at all, as the raw sugar can be refined
for much less, still leaving the refiner a large
profit.
The effect of such a provision will be, in my
judgment—and in this view I am not alone, for
1 think the testimony of all dealers in sugar is
to that effect—to bring into this country classes
of sugar that are now sold without passing
through the hands of refiners, and compelling
the payment of 1 cent per pound more on
certain grades of sugar, or compelling these
grades also to pass through the hands of the
refiners.
I may err in my judgment as to the effect of
the provisions relating U> Sugar; but 1 am
sustained by the dealers in sugar in every part,
of the country, so far as I know, as a large
number of memorials from every part of the
country taking this view have been referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means. I quote
one sentence from the memorial adopted by
the Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans
upon this subject:
""We warn the consumers of Yaw sugar that" the
tendency of this bill is to convert large quantities
of raw into refined sugar. It is to put all the raw
sugar through the refineries, and compel the people
to substitute a higher priced article for the rich, real,
and unsophisticated sugar to which they are accus-
tomed, with which they are content, ,and which is
in fact an economical luxury."
I have now referred -to the leading provis-
ions of the bill so far as those provisions affect
the question of protection or of revenue. It
contains many provisions which, in my judg-
ment, are an improvement upon existing laws.
The free list has been enlarged, and very prop-
erly ; but the reduction of the revenue under
the free list will not be great. The bill reduces
the duty on-tea and coffee, and to some extent
on sugar. These articles are elements in the
comfort and happiness of every household, and
therefore their cost should be cheapened as
much as possible consistent with the interests
of the Government. But while reducing the
duties upon these articles, why retain heavy
duties upon iron and the products of iron, and
upon woolens, articles quite as essential to the
comfort and well-being of the people as those
upon which a reduction is made?
I am well aware that in what I have said I
differ from the majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means. This 1 regret; but it is not
a question of political partisanship. It is a
question affecting every interest in the coun-
try and every class, and because of the great
interests involved should receive a careful con-
sideration at our hands irrespective of parti-
sanship. The gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber would, as partisans, be glad to
have us do nothing in the way of a reduction
of duties under the tariff, so that whatever of
odium may attach to these excessive duties,
whatever of excessive burdens may be imposed
upon the people, would be chargeable upon
the Republican majority in Congress. But I
apprehend they will bo disappointed if they
indulge the hope that no reduction under the
tariff laws will be made this session, as nearly
all agree that such a reduction is necessary ;
and being necessary, we should endeavor so
to accomplish it as to cheapen commodities,
relieve unnecessary burdens upon industry,
and still raise sufficient revenue to provide for
the wants of the Government.
I believe these results can be best brought
about by the methods I have proposed. Other
gentlemen may have better methods; if so I
shall be quite ready to adoptthem. Butcertain
it is that the pending bill is a partial measure,
and with a few exceptions tends more to increase
than to diminish the cost of commodities, and
consequently with respect to many articles of
consumption will have the effect to add to the
burdens now imposed rather than to remove
them. I trust that before the bill passes the
committee or the House it will be so modified
as to remove all those objectionable features;
and if a general reduction is not attainable, that
other additions will be made to the free list and
reductions made upon a few articles at least of
necessary consumption not now included in the
bill. And I warn those who insist so pertina-
ciously upon a retention -of these high duties
upon necessary articles of consumption that
they only hasten the time when a more radical
change will be made in our tariff laws. What
manufacturers need most of all is stability
in legislation, avoiding sudden and sweeping
changes. The changes which I have proposed
would reduce the revenue only a few million
dollars, while to the consumers of manufac-
tures produced they would reduce the cost of
those products many million dollars. In my
judgment such a policy would revive many
industries now languishing and not interfere
with the great industries already established,
and which, under any change that we are likely
to make, will still be largely protected.
Our policy should be to so cheapen manu-
factured products that we can revive our export
trade, now swept away because we cannot
compete with other nations in the markets of
the world. If we could restore what we have
lost, and in addition greatly enlarge our ex-
portations of manufactures, we would then
have an enlarged home market for our agricul-
tural products, which would then be exported
in a concentrated form in exchange for other
commodities which we do not and cannot pro-
duce.
The Farmer and the Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN T. BIRD,
of new jersey,
In the House of Representatives,
March 26, 1870.
The IIouso having met as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for debate-
Mr. BIRD said:
Mr. Speaker : When the importance of this
measure to the farmers of the country and the
immense multitudes who look to them for em-
ployment and support is considered I feel quite
assured that I will be excused for expressing
my anxiety as to the nature and extent that
itwill affect their interests. We should not hes-
itate to give to their demands and interests the
fullest attention. We are under very great
obligations to the farmers and laborers depend-
ent on them for employment. Without their
steady and unflinching devotion to the Union
it would have been dissolved long ago. The
first Bull Run would have been the last encoun-
ter. When the Army of the Union had met
with disaster, and turned their faces to the
North, the sturdy yeomanry assembled every-
where, in towns, villages, and at cross-roads,
to pledge themselves anew to the Republic.
Their sons they kept not back. Then indeed,
as ever, stood side by side the farmer, field-
hand, wheelwright, carpenter, and blacksmith.
Of a truth, without the farmers of the North
giving of their money most bounteously your
volunteers would have been numbered by thou-
sands rather than tens of thousands. And they
did not stop with giving. When their funds
were exhausted they readily pledged their for-
tunes to meet every emergency. When con-
sternation sat on every face in this Capitol,
when Lee and his legions had c.ossed the bor-
der, the old farmer and the young, without
exception, assembledin town meetings to make
good every pledge and to secure every bounty.
It was not more the unexampled heroism of
the brave men in battle than the support
offered them at home that gave us the victory.
Had the wealthy farmers held back; had they
steadily and persistently refused to give any
kind of encouragement either to the Govern-
ment or the volunteers ; had they said to the
Government, " If you will carry on this war
against the South provide the means as best
you may had they said to the young men
who offered to volunteer, " You go at your own
risk and for what you can get from an ungrate-
ful Republic ;" bad they refused to pay large
bounties, where would the national ensign be
floating to-day?
These suggestions ought to convince us that
we are greatly indebted to the American
farmer and those dependent on him for the
perpetuity of our Union. They were abun-
dantly willing to protract the struggle for the
sake of unity at last by which the yery enor-
mous debt we are now endeavoring to pro-
vide for was created. This being so, I insist
that, this debt should not be the occasion of
their peculiar oppression. It would be doing
them gross injustice to impose upon them
