1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
does seem to me that books, maps, and charts
of which no editions are printed in the United
States ought to be admitted free.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have stated that frauds
might arise under this clause; and there is
another reason why the amendment should be
agreed to. Where books are imported in good
faith by individuals they are'usually by wealthy
people who can afford to pay the duty, and if
we levy a duty of twenty per cent, on the ordi-
nary school-books of the million, certainly
gentlemen of leisure who order foreign books
for their private libraries, who buy a single
copy of rare books, can well afford to pay a
duty of twenty per cent, ad valorem as well
as the mass of the people can pay a duty on
tea and coffee and sugar and a thousand other
things.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator omits that
such a book when imported becomes like a
fountain, not only to the person who imports
it, but to his family and liis neighbors, to the
community generally.
Mr. SHERMAN. We charge a duty of more
than twenty per cent, ou other fountains.
Mr. SUMNER. You do not charge a duty
on fountains of kuowledge. I submit that we
cannot do too much to make a way for books.
I object to this because it is not broad enough,
and if this proposition is open to amendment,
as I take it it is not now 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it is; you have
a right to perfect the part proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. But I do not want to have
itacted upon in paragraphs. I hope the amend-
ment of the committee will not be agreed to.
I think a map or a chart of which there is no
edition in the United States may with propri-
ety be imported fiee of duty. We are all gain-
ers by it. Take those beautiful German maps
which have been exhibited in the Senate during
this session. Each is a model of taste, and is
imported as the means of accurate scientific
knowledge. I do not like to see any cheek on
the importation of such an article. I therefore
liope that the words "maps and charts," at
least, will be retained. Before the question is
put on the committee's amendment, I move to
strikeout the word "books," so that the ques-
tion shall come up on maps and charts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to amend the amend-
ment so as to read "maps and charts," &e.
Mr. SCHURZ. I submit to my friend from
Massachusetts not to move the striking out of
books. I do not think there is much strength
in the argument used by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. It is not only gen-
tlemen of leisure who import books, but scien-
tific gentlemen, doctors, and others who have
to importa great many books. Besides, I think
it is very difficult to form such combinations as
the chairman has spoken of, where a book-
seller could get twelve or fifteen men to im-
port books by single copies, and then put them
into his store to be sold. That is a very diffi-
cult operation. He must consider that they
have to be imported in separate packages, and
it is very difficult to organize such a combina-
tion on a large scale. It is not only gentlemen
of leisure who import books; fori am sure that
a great many more books are imported singly
by people who really want them than by peo-
ple who merely import them for their own
pleasure and convenience.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts to the
fact that if his amendment be adopted books
which have been printed and manufactured for
over twenty years will not be on the free list.
Mr. SUMNER. But the word "books"
follows in the clause—"books which have been
printed and manufactured overtwenty years."
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I withdraw the
amendment so that we may take the question
ou the proposition of the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think the provision
of the House bill in this respect will open the
door to fraud. Persons coming from Europe
may want to bring a book with tbem for their
recreation on ship-board, or some valuable
book; but men will not send abroad to import
a particular book or a particular map or chart
when it can be obtained in our own country.
A man will not do it unless there is some par-
ticular reason for it. The class of books and
charts imported under this provision would be
generally of a scientific character, and certainly
always such as could not be obtained in this
country. I think, therefore, the provision is a
reasonable one, and 1 am opposed to striking
it out.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I do not know but that
the Senator from Indiana is entirely correct in
his assumption ; but I know that the men who
understand this business of importing books rep-
resented to us that books would be imported to
a very great extent under this provision of the
House bill in single copies, and that it would
open the door to fraud. It is manifest that it
would do so. It is very easy to pretend to im-
port a single copy of a work for individual use
and at the same time have the intention of
selling that book whenever it comes into the
hands of the person who has imported it. There
are thousands of persons who will avail them-
selves of any door of this kind that ia open,
and there are frauds enough at this time com-
mitted upon the revenues of the United States
without opening any door for others that may
be committed.
It appears to me that these scholarly and
scientific gentlemen can afford to pay a tax
upon what they use as well as other people,
and 1 do not know of any special privilege
which any particular class of individuals who
set themselves up as scholars and scientific
gentlemen have over other people in the coun-
try who are compelled to pay a tariff upon what
they import, and over those people who import
other kiuds of books for use. Why should
books that are used commonly by the people
of the United States be subjected to a tax or a
tariff, and books of this particular description
exempted? Is there any reason for it? We
ought to abolish the tariff upon all books and
publications of every kind and description, and
admit all free, or we ought to impose a reason-
able tariff upon all, and make every man bear
his proportion of the duties. Independent of
what is obvious from the very phraseology of
this paragraph, we acted upou the representa-
tions of persons who understand the effect of
this section, and there is no sort of doubt in
my mind, from what 1 understand, that it does
open the door for fraud, and that the revenue
will be injured by the passage of this provision.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand from the
Senator who spoke last that the Finance Com-
mittee came to the conclusion to strike out a
certain portion of this section on representa-
tions made to them by importers of books.
I think I can say that for some years of my life
I had very considerable practical knowledge
of the business of importing books in the city of
New York ; and in the light of that knowledge
and of some private experience since in the
same general direction, and what seem to me to
be all the probabilities, 1 should be very much
disposed to doubt the good faith or the good
sense of any person in the business of import-
ing who made such a statement to the com-
mittee.
In the first place, there is a reasonable pre-
sumption that a provision such as the one that
came from the other House would not be greatly
abused. The Senator from Indiana seems to
have excited the Senator from Oregon by his
allusion to scientific and learned and scholarly
men, who might be prompted to some extent
to avail themselves of the privileges of the
House section. I do not know, sir, that scien-
tific men and scholarly persons set up any claim-
to be a privileged class. I suppose that the
Senator from Indiana used the allusion simply
by way of incidental illustration. Of Course
we all stand up for the masses, for the people.
We never intend, and, so far as we are con-
cerned, we never will consent that scholars and
scientific men and persons of that character
shall have any advantage over the mass of the
people, even in the importation of books of
which the mass of the people know very little,
for which they care nothing, but which to these
gentlemen spoken of by the Senator from Indi-
ana are the pabulum of their intellectual life ;
a necessity, very often, to enable them to earn
their bread.
It is not a plausible proposition that any
rational person would, for the sake of cheating
the reveuue, go into the business of importing
books from foreign countries in lots of one
book. Why, sir, the object of such a proceed-
ing would be to make money, would it not, by
evading the payment of the duties which other-
wise would have to be paid? But when you
consider, as has been suggested by one Senator
who has spoken, that every such book forms
a separate package, that it pays higher freight
in consequence, that it has to be entered at the
custom-house and has to pay fees for the pur-
pose of being entered free of duty—wbeu you
consider these two states of fact, it must be
quite evident that it would pay no one to enter
into that kind of business. And then I trust
that the classes of persons of whom we have all
just been speaking are not as a rule likely to
go into so wretched a business, nor do I think
that the importers of books who would have to
do this business would be very likely to en-
courage a system against which it seems they
have set their faces so decidely. We are bound
to presume that the majority of the people of
the United States are not scoundrels. We are
bound to presume that they are not ready to
engage in smuggling for the purpose of saving
a few dollars. We are bound to presume that
they are not ready to perjure themselves, either
directly or vicariously through a broker at the
custom-house, in entering this kind of property,
for the sake of saving a few dollars. We are
bound to presume each of these things, and in.
the face of these presumptions, and what I
have stated as to the expenses attendant upon
an effort to defraud, it seeuis to me this is as
innocent a proposition, perhaps, as can well be
imagined, and I hope itwilluot be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make one re-
mark in reply to the Senator from Oregon.
His argument, as I understand it, is directed
not so much against importing books free as
against the whole free list. It is just as appli-
cable to every article ou the free list as it is to
books. Especially is it applicable to an arti-
cle which certainly has had his sanction thus
far, the provision "that animals specially
imported for breeding purposes" shall be ad-
mitted free. The Senator will admit animals
imported for breeding purposes free. Well, sir,
a book imported in this way is for the advance-
ment of science. It is for the general good,
and it ought not to be taxed. I say again, as
I have said often and often in this Chamber,
that it is a tax on knowledge, utterly unworthy
of a Republic.
Sir, 1 am at a loss to understand the argu-
ment of Senators who oppose this proposition.
It is said, with a certain contempt of manner,
that the man of science may pay for his book.
Why, sir, the man of science is very rarely
rich: he is very rarely able to pay for such
books as are contemplated by this clause, with-
out taxing himself severely. Then, do you con-
sider how much we all gain by every such im-
portation of books, whether by a man of science
or by another ?
The Senator from Ohio says that only the
rich are benefited ; if a rich man chooses to
import one of these books let him pay the tax.
