1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1213
lion, or invasion, but all is as tranquil as a sum-
nier s eve.
The writ of habeas corpus has been cs lied
the angel of liberty; its mission is to every
individual in civil life who may be under arrest
or imprisonment; its -wings cover the extent
of our country, and no man, however humble,
should be placed beyond its reach. Shall it
be chased and driven from its work of justice
and of right by the military agents of the Gov-
ernment under congressional legislation? This
writ is the safety of the citizen, the security of
liberty, a bulwark against the encroachments
of power. If it be the constitutional right of
the citizen, with what aggregated force does
the appeal for it come from the millions who
inhabit States in whose limits order reigns, life
and property are secure, and nothing mars
their prosperity and progress but interlopers,
armed soldiery, and the harsh measures of the
Government?
Mr. Webster in one of his speeches said,
almost with the faculty of prescience :
" If a law should happen to bo passed restraining
personal liberty, and an individual feeling oppressed
by it should apply for his habeas corpus, must not the
judges decide what is the benefit of habeas corpus
intended by the Constitution; what it is to suspend
it; and whether the acts of the Legislature do, in the
given case, conform to the Constitution ? All these
questions would of course arise. The judge is bound
by his oath to decide according to law. The Constitu-
tion is the supreme law. Any act of the Legislature,
therefore, inconsistent with that supreme law must
yield to it; and any judge seeing this inconsistency
andyet giving effect to the law would violate both his
duty and his oath. But it is evident that this power, to
be useful, must be lodged in independent hands."
The bill alluded to, as coming from the Judi-
ciary Committee, instructs the President to
proceed with the disposition of all prisoners
without regard to any proceeding of the courts.
This is in manifest disregard of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that—
1' The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held
in the State where the said crimes shall have been
committed: but when not committed within any
State, the trial shall be at such place or places as the
Congress may by law have directed."
The great writ of right may be denied ; but
while the trial by jury is preserved before upright
judges and with the benefit of witnesses and
of counsel, agreat defense of liberty still exists.
Destroy or take away the trial by jury, and you
subvert the Government, repudiate its first
principles, and inaugurate a system of military
rule in the place of constitutional liberty. Are
the friends of that bill afraid to trust the judi-
ciary, the jury, the people, and substitute for
the court and the jury an irresponsible military
commission, which is likely to be governed by
the Rules and Articles of War.
Judge Black, that distinguished jurist, who
probably has no superior in this country, in his
argument of the McCardle case in the Supreme
Court, said:
" Military commissions never disappoint the ex-
pectations of those who order them; they have just
as good a right to sentence to the gallows as to fine.
" Daniel Webster paid many years ago,' military
commissions were always organized to convict.'
'Military men, as a general thing, know nothing
of judicial duties; their habits and education unfit
them for judicial duty."
To deprive the citizen of his right of trial by
juiy was attempted in the case of Milligan,
which was carried to the Supreme Court by
writ of error. That court said :
" TheFederal authority having been unopposed in
«jestate of Indiana, and the Federal courts open for
we trial of offenses and the redress of grievances, the
oi war could not, under the Constitution,
asord any sanction for the trial there of a citizen in
civil life, not connected with the military or naval
ever ' a m''*tary tribunal, for any offense what- j
This language is explicit and emphatic, and I
it it could be used several years since, with
what greater emphasis may it be pronounced
now ? More than four years have elapsed since
hostilities ceased in the South and peace was
Proclaimed by the Executive. This decision
condemns the effort to introduce military tri-
bunals in time of peace for the trial of offenses
unconnected with the government of the Army
or Navy. The necessity of discipline and gov-
ernment in an army is the only reason why
military law is allowed in it.
The court go on further to say that—
" The guarantee of trial by jury contained in the
Constitution was intended for a state of war as well
asa statoofpeaee, and is equally binding upon rulers
andpeoplc at.al 1 times and under ail circumstances."
The language of the court is clear and defi-
nite, it embraces war as well as peace, and
includes all possible circumstances which may
be attendant upon any case.
The same bill provides, among other things,
that the Supreme Court of the United States
is prohibited from entertaining jurisdiction in
any case growing out of the execution of the
said acts—reconstruction acts—in said States.
This will place the lives, liberty, and property
of the citizens of those States in the hands and
power of a few military officers. They are to ;
arrest, punish, and execute without jury trial;
to disregard the service of the habeas corpus,
and with all the power of military despots to
govern and punish at pleasure; sic volo, sic
jubeo—their will and their command are to
determine and conclude the citizen, where the
issue is life or death I
Can it be possible that in the nineteenth
century such things can be,
"And overcome us like a summer's cloud
Without our special wonder?"
Where is the boasted civilization about which
the senior member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] so often and eloquently entertains
us? But a few days since lie denounced the
refusal of a medical corporation to admit a
negro into their councils as behind the civili-
zation of the age! But what may this be
called but an attempt to throw this country
back into the ages of semi-barbarism? Pub-
lic opinion has throughout the world worked
changes in Governments, monarchies as well
as others. The march of human rights and civil
liberty has been onward, until even in France
; immense progress has been made. We have
! boasted that the example of our free institu-
| tionsand our recognition of the rights of man
j have influenced the nations of the world, and
| contributed materially to mold public senti-
; ment everywhere. But now we are asked to
retrace our steps, go back for generations, and
virtually proclaim that true liberty consists |
in being governed by military law.
But would not such a precedent, which that
bill essays to establish, be a dangerous one,
and might it not in after years be called up to
justify other flagrant violations of the Consti-
tution? We cannot limit its operation ; and
although its friends may design it for a special
purpose, it may easily be used for other pur-
poses. There is no real or apparent necessity
for it, and its tendency is of too dangerous a
nature to justify an experiment. It embraces
a direct attempt to interfere with a coordinate |
department of the Government, to deprive that
department of cases over which it has juris-
diction, and may take from it the final decision
of a case of which it has taken cognizance.
It declares the law in a class of cases, and
directs the court to be bound by their announce-
ment. It abridges the right of appeal from the
circuit court in certain cases, suspends the
operation of laws, directs the President to
dispose of prisoners without respect to the
interference of the courts, and seeks to incor-
porate into our system, in time of peace, the
principle of military law, a principle danger-
ous to our institutions and inimical to the liberty
of the citizen. It was the introduction of the
same principle that destroyed the republic of
Rome.
It is an axiom in the political history of our
country, adhered to in all time prior to the late
civil war, that the " military must be subor-
dinate to the civil power;" the maintenance t
of this can alone preserve our Republic. We
have an illustrious example in the case of the
hero of New Orleans, who for an infraction of
it submitted to the authority of the court and to
a fine ; and although he deemed the exigency
sufficient to vindicate his motives, he speedily
acknowledged the supremacy of the civil power.
So abhorrent was the doctrine of the power of
the military that Mr. Clay once observed in n.
public speech that he preferred "war, pesti-
lence, and famine to military rule."
Our safely and our safeguard is an enlight-
ened, intelligent, and independent judiciary.
To maintain it the three departments of the
Government should be kept separate, and no
one bo allowed to e croach upon the rights or
prerogatives of the other. The legislative is
prone to intrench upon the other two depart-
ments. Mr. Jefferson, in his Noteson Virginia,
said :
" All the powers of Government, legislative, exec-
utive, and judiciary, result to the legislative body.
The concentrating these in the same bands is pre-
cisely the definition of despotic government. It will
be no alleviation that these powers will bo exercised
by a plurality of hands and not by a single one.
Ono hundred and seventy-three despots would surely
be as oppressive as one. Let those who doubt it turn
their eyes on the republic of Venico. As little will
it avail us that they arc chosen by ourselves. An
elective despotism was not tho Uc vera ment we fought
for."
Mr. Madison, who assisted in framing the
Constitution, was aware of the growing and
controlling power of the Legislature. He said,
in his writings in the Federalist—
"As the legislative department alone has access to
the i>ockets of the people, and has in some constitu-
tions full discretion, and in all a prevailing influence
over the pecuniary rewards of those who fill the other
departments, a dependence is thus created in the
latter which gives still greater facility to encroach-
ments of the former."
Being thus forewarned, let us be forearmed,
and oppose all invasion of the powers of the
courts, and all acts which may lessen public
respect and veneration for them. They have
no patronage to bestow, no favors to dispense;
and clothed with the robe of office, they pre-
sent only the dignity of their position, the
purity of their motives, their integrity of pur-
pose, and the uprightness and wisdom of their
decisions. These constitute their only panoply.
They are the guardians of constitutional lib-
erty, of persons, and of property. If their
rightful jurisdiction is curtailed and the ab-
sorbing power of the Legislature shall prevail,
we may soon realize Mr. Jefferson's apprehen-
sions of an elective despotism. But as the
planets are kept in their allotted orbits by an
overruling law, so let each department of our
Government be confined within its limited
sphere by constitutional provisions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Kellogg
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, on which the yeas and nays have been
called.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, at some time
before these fundamental conditions pass from
the notice of the Senate I desire to make a
very few remarks, more in explanation of the
votes which I have hitherto given than of any
that I propose hereafter to give npon this sub-
ject, and with the special view of correcting
some misconceptions which seem to have ex-
isted—not here but elsewhere—in the minds of
some with regard to the motives by which I
have been actuated.
I desire,therefore,to state in a very few words
that I voted against the incorporation of these
fundamental conditions into the Virginia bill
not because I was opposed to any of the pur-
poses contemplated by those conditions, for I
approved of those purposes, but because I had
doubts whether Congress had the constitutional
power to impose them, and because, granting
such power to Congress, I could not see any
utility in incorporating them at this time and
under existing circumstances.
Now, Mr. President, I suppose that it will
be admitted, it has been admitted, that all the
power which Congress has to deal with this
matter, all the power which Congress may
rightfully exercise over the form of govern-
ment in a State or the administration of a
government in a State, is derived from that
