3102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
street, heretofore opened on the public land
at Springfield, Massachusetts, is declared to
be a public highway or thoroughfare for gen-
eral use.
Mr. DAWES moved that the Senate amend-
ment be concurred in. '
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
e. diekelman.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■was the following amendment of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to enable
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king
of Prussia:
Strike out the words "principles of equity and
justice" and insert the word44 law."
The joint resolution .which was read, proposes
that the claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of
the king of Prussia, for damages for an alleged
detention of the ship Essex by the military
authorities of the United States at New Orleans,
in the month of September, 1862, shall be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims for its decision,
in accordance with the principles of equity and
justice, and to award such damages as may be
just in the premises, if he may be found to be
entitled to any damages.
Mr. JUDD moved that the amendment be
concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colorado probate court.
The next business on the Speaker's table i
was the following amendment ot the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 840) amendatory of the
organic law of Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes:
Strike oat all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the organic law of the Territory of Colorado
be. and the tame is hereby, so far amended that an
appeal shall be allowed from any final order, judg-
ment. or decree of any probate court in said Terri-
tory to the district court of the district within which
such probate court is held, under such proper regu-
lations as shall be prescribed by the law of said Ter-
ritory, and hereafter no writ of error or appeal shall
be allowed from any decision of a probate oourt di-
rectly to the supreme court of said Territory.
Sic. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Legis-
lative Assembly of said Territory may, by general
incorporation laws, authorize persons to associate
themselves together as bodies-corporate for charita-
ble or educational purposes.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george b. gresham, of tennessee.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to a bill (H.
R. No. 268) for the relief of Captain George
E. Greshain, of Tennessee:
Strike out all after the enactingelause, and in lieu
thereof insert: ... ,
That the Paymaster General be, and is hereby,
required to allow and pay Qeorge E. Gresham. late
captain company I, eighth Tennessee volunteer cav-
alry, the sum due as captain of cavalry for the period
of si x months'service as such immediately preceding
the 21st of April, 1364.
On motion of Mr. STOKES, the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington market company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R- No. 1084) to incorporate
the Washington Market Company, with Senate
amendments.
Mr. TANNER. I desire that the House
non-concur in the Senate amendments and ask
for a committee of conference.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Are amendments to the
bill now in order ? ! i
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from >
New York [Mr. Tanner] yield to his col- j
league ? !
Mr. TANNER. I would rather not.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I know that there is a
great deal of pressing business; but I would I
like to have a little discussion on this bill, or S
at least an opportunity of moving some amend- j
ments to it.
Mr. TANNER. I should dislike to have the
business of the House interrupted by a discus- 1
sion of this bill. _ _ ,
Mr. VAN WYCK. I conceive that it is the
business of the House to discuss such meas-
ures. As I understand it, the proposition was
to give away property worth $1,000,000 on i
the payment of the pitiful pittance of $16,000
annually. The Senateincreased this to $25,000. i
I suppose it is the business of the House to ,
consider this proposition, and to determine j
whether it be right or wrong. There was no
attempt to amend the bill when it passed the
House, and I ask to have the opportunity
now.
Mr. TANNER. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I make that motion.
The question was put on Mr. Scofield's 1
motion to lay the bill on the table; and there
were—ayes 57, noes 68 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Scofield and Mr.
Tanner.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 69.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GETZ called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 84, not voting
68; as follows: •
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Beaman, Ben-
ton, Bird, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton.
Burchard, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clirke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cowles, Cullom,
Dockery, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Gilfillan,
Hamilton, Hawley, Hay. Heflin, Hill. Hoar, Hoge,
Alexander H. Jones.Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kel-
sey, Knapp, Knott. Lawrence, McCarthy, McCor-
mick, McCrary, McGrew, McNeely. Mercur, Milnes,
Jesse H. Moore. William Moore, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Pome-
roy, Prosser. Randall, Rogers, Sanlord, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter bheldon,
John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,Stoughton,
Striokland, Sweeney, Taylor, Townsend, Tyner, V an
Wyck, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wmans,
andWitcher—75. ... . , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison Ambler, Ames, Aroher.
Asper, Axtell, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Ben-
nett, Biggs, Blair, Booker, James Brooks, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, W illiam T. Clark, Cleveland.Conger,
Covode, Dawes. Degener, Dickinson, Dox, Ferriss,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Hale,
Hambleton.Hamill, Harris. Holman. Hotchkiss, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Kellogg. Kerr, Ketcham,
Laflin. Logan. Mayliam, Maynard, McKenzie,Daniel
J. Morrell, Myers. Negley, Niblack. O'Neill, Orth,
Peck, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Roots. Sargent, Sher-
rod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strong,
Tanner. Tillman, Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams.
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Winches-
! t6N0T* VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Atwood, Ayer,
Bailey. Banks, Barnum. Bingham, Boles, Bowen,
i Boyd, Buck, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
Calkin, Coburn, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Davis. Dickey,
Dixon. Donley, Duval, Dyer. Ela, Eldridge, Fox,
Haight. Haldeman,Ilawkins.Hays,Heaton, Hooper,
Judd. Julian, Lash, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall,
McKee, Eliakim II. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mungen, Perce, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Reeves, Rice,
Ridgway, Schcnek, Schumaker, Slocum, Worthing-
tun C. Smith, Stevenson. Swann, laffo, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken. Van Horn, William B.Wash-
burn, Welkor. Wells, Wood, and Woodward—68.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table. '
The question recurred on concurring in the
Senate amendments.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 50, noes 73.
So the House refused to concur in the Senate
amendments.
Mr. TANNER. I move that a committee
of conference be appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TANNER moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bilij signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 169) for the trans-
fer of an unexpended balance of appropriation
to the book fund of the Library of Congress.
sopiiia a. moen.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Sophia A. Moen, with Senate amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In line three, after the word ''Moen," insert the
words "administratrix,and PhilipL. Moen, admin-
istrator of Augustus R. Moen."
At the end of the bill add the following:
And provided further, That any person or persons
who shall have engaged in the manufacture of tho
said invention since the expiration of the letters-
patent aforesaid, and prior to any renewal thereof
by virtue of this act, may continue the manufacture
thereof and sell said manufacture without any lia-
I bility therefor to the said Moen, his heirs or assigns.
Amend the title so as to read: A bill for the relief
i of Sophia A. Moen, administratrix, and Philip L.
j Moen, administrator of Augustus R. Moen."
! The amendments of the Senate were con-
j curred in.
| anna e. frei.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 176) granting a pension to
Anna E. Frei; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. .
rachel h. millikkn.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 634) granting a pension to
Rachel H. Milliken; which was read a firat
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
new era printing company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
i was a bill (S. No. 540) to incorporate the New
Era Printing Company of Washington, District
of Columbia; which was read a first and
, second time, and, on motion of Mr. Knott,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
i children of sylvester dreyer.
The next business on the Speaker's table
j was a bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of the
j! minor children of Sylvester Dreyer; which
i i was read a first and second time, and referred
•I to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
! bailiff of court of claims.
The next business on the Speaker's table
j was a bill (S. No. 97) to fix the salary of the
;! bailiff of the Court of Claims; which was read
a first and second time, and, on motion of
l Mr. Ingersoll, referred to the Committee on
| the Judiciary.
daughters of general c. f. smith.
>1 The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 102) for the relief^ of the
i daughters of General Charles F. Smith, de-
1 ceased; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
victor beauboucher.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of Victor
