2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
make up his mind to remove into the State of
New York, and ho should start, and die upon
the way; of course he never would become a
citizen of New York; but if he actually did go
into New York with that intention lie would
then have become a citizen of lliat State. Gen-
eral Ames formed an intention of becoming an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi. If he
had not remained there in execution of that
intention, of course inhabitancy would not have
attached; but the fact is that he did not only
make an intention, but he executed that inten-
tion, and there was no controlling power or
influence that interposed to prevent the com-
bination of those two facts necessary to con-
stitute inhabitancy, intention and personal
presence in the State.
Some effort lias been made to sustain the
views of the committee by reference to author-
ities; but some of those authorities are not
applicable to the question before the Senate,
and others do not sustain the report of the
committee, as I understand them. The Con-
stitution requires a person to be an inhabitant
with a view of providing for the election of
a person who may be actually among the peo-
ple by whom he is chosen as a Senator in Con-
gress. A man may be a citizen, or he may be
a resident and notan inhabitant. Inhabitancy
has different degrees of meaning. In one
sense every Senator in Congress is an inhabit-
ant of the city of Washington, and in another
sense he is an inhabitant of the State that he
represents. But in the case upon which reli-
ance seems to be placed, the ease of Bailey,
the point upon which that decision turned was
simply this: that Bailey, for five or six years
prior to his election as a member of the Ilouse
of Representatives from the State of Massa-
chusetts, was ail inhabitant of the city of Wash-
ington; his family resided in Washington, and
he resided here with his family ; and the com-
mittee held that the word "inhabitant" in the
Constitution implies a personal presence in the
State at the time of the election; and the de-
cision proceeds upon the ground that he could
not be, in the sense of the Constitution, an
inhabitant of Massachusetts when he had been
personally away from that State for five or six
years.
Now, General Ames was in the State of
Mississippi, and to ail intents and purposes,
whatever technical construction you put upon
his presence, was an inhabitant of the State,
lie was the provisional governor of that State,
lie knew the people there and they knew him.
11 o bad lived and moved and had his being
among them, and they were sufficiently ac-
cpiaiiued with him, both in his piivate and
otlicial capacity, to know that ho was a suit-
able person to represent them in the Senate of
the United States, so that the objection that
defeated Bailey in 110 sense applies to General
Ames; and if he, during this time, made a
declaration of his intention, as seems to be
conceded, then from that time forward lie
became a citizen of Mississippi.
I do notsupposo this question willbo decided
particularly 011 technical grounds ; but as
authorities have been quoted to support the
report of the committee, I will refer to one or
two, and 1 read from Mason's Reports and
from the opinion of x\lr. Justice Story, 5
Mason, page 46 :
"The words of tlio clause are. 'against an inhab-
itant of the United States.' Bat I lay 110 particular
stress upon the word 'inhabitant,' and deem it a
mere equivalent description cf 'citizen' and 'alien'
in the general clause conferring jurisdiction over
parties. A person might bean inhabitant without
being a citizen, and a citizen might not he an inhab-
itant, though he retained his citizenship. Alienage
or citizenshipisone tiling, and inhabitancy, by which
I uiuicrf-tand local residence, animo manendi, quite
another.''
Local residence, animo manendi, constitutes
inhabitancy within t'110 definition of Mr. Jus-
tice Story. Did not General Ames have a
local residence in Mississippi? Did ho not
have the animus ■manendi, according to this
report? What more is necessary, then, to con-
stitute inhabitancy ? It makes no difference,
so far as this question is concerned, whether
that intent was formed one year or one clay
prior to his election, for the precise question
before the Senate is as to whether or not on
the day of his election these two facts com-
bined in him; and if they did it is an end of
controversy. I will read one or two extracts
from Story's Conflict of Laws. On page 40,
section forty-four, of that work, Mr. Justice
Story says:
" However, in mauy cases actual residence is not
indispensable to retain a domicile after it is once
acquired; but it is retained animo solo, by the mere
intention not to change it or to adopt another. If,
therefore, a person leaves his home for temporary
purposes, but with an intention to return to it, this
change of place is not in law a change of domicile.
Thus, if a person should go on a voyage to sea or to a
foreign country for health or for pleasure or for
business of a temporary nature, with an intention to
return, such a transitory residence would not con-
stitute a new domicile or amount to an abandonment
oftho old one; for it is not tho mere act of inhabit-
ancy in a place which makes it the domicile, butifc is
the fact coupled with the intention of remaining
there, mlinio manendi."
Senators will perceive that inhabitancy is
distinguished in this section from residence,
for Mr. Justice Story says it is not tho mere
act of inhabitancy, (evidently using the term
"inhabitancy" thereto imply personal pres-
ence in the locality,) but when that act is
coupled with the animo manendi then resi-
dence is perfected. So that in the meaning
of this section of Story's Conflict of Laws
inhabitancy is of a lower grade, is less perma-
nent and less fixed than residence.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will ex-
cuse mo for suggesting that I understand the
rule of all the cases to be exactly the reverse,
that inhabitancy includes much more than resi-
dence. A man may be a resident of a State
and not be an inhabitant.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not agree with the
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin that all
the cases are to that end. I admit that the
person may be a resident of a State and not
an inhabitant; and so a man may bean inhab-
itant and not a resident. I say that the case
of Bailey shows affirmatively and conclusively
that Bailey was an inhabitant of the city of
Washington, and yet he was not a resident or
a citizen of Washington, but Congress assumed
in that discussion that his personal presence
here constituted him an inhabitant, notwith-
standing ho averred and proved beyond con-
troversy that it was his intention to resume his
inhabitancy or residence in the State of Massa-
chusetts. The authorities are not all oneway
011 that subject, but they arc conflicting, and
this question of inhabitancy is a question which
cannot be settled by any absolute rule of law,
but it is to be settled upon tho facts in any given
ease; and I affirm, and defy contradiction by
any respectable authority, that if the two facts
do appear of actual inhabitancy or personal
presence in a given locality with the animo
manendi those two facts constitute inhabitancy.
I read now from section forty-five of Story's
Conflict of Laws:
" It is sometimes a matter of no small difficulty to
decide in what place aperson has his true or proper
domicile. Ilia residence is oiten of a very equivocal
nature, and his intcn tion as to that residence is often
still more obscure. Both are sometimes to be gath-
ered from slight circumstances of mere presumption,
and from equivocal and conflicting acts. An inten-
tion of permanent resideneo may often bo ingrafted
upon an inhabitancy originally taken tor a special
or fugitivo purpose."
Now, assuming that the act of inhabitancy,
using the language of this section, by General
Ames commenced in Mississippi for the special
purpose of performing liis duty there a3 an
officer in the Army, he may upon that inhabit-
ancy for a special purpose ingraft the intention
of remaining, and when that intention is in-
grafted upon that special residence it converts
it into an inhabitancy, or into a permanent
residence.
"And 011 the other hand ail intention to change
the domicile may be tuliy announced, and yet no
correspondent change oi inhabitancy may be actu-
ally made."
Authorities cited from England and referred
to by the honorable Senator from New York
are not applicable, as I claim, to the condition
of things in the United States. The people
of England arc more permanent. Their ideas
upon the subject of inhabitancy and residence
are quite different from ours, because there the
people are more established in their abodes,
are not changing from one locality to another;
but the people of the United States may bo
called a migratory people. They are changing
from place to place constantly. Thousands
are going from one State to another. And
therefore the construction of the terms "in-
habitancy" and "residence" must neces-
sarily be more liberal in the United States to
conform to our circumstances than they are in
England.
Now, sir, is it true that if a man goes into
the southern States as an officer of the Army he
at any subsequent time cannot form an inten-
tion of remaining there and becoming a citizen,
and so acquire the rights and privileges of a
citizen? Sir, what would become of that large
class of persons sometimes called carpet-bag-
gers ? Thousands of men now live in the South
who went there as officers and soldiers in the
Army. They found inducements to remain, and
while they were in the Army they made up their
minds to stay there and become citizens; and
they are everywhere recognized as such, and
must necessarily be.
So I remember when the gold excitement
occurred upon the Pacific coast thousands of
people went to California with the intention of
returning whenever they had accumulated a
fortune in the gold mines ; but when they ar-
rived there they found a beautiful and attractive
country, and they concluded to remain. Thou-
sands of the citizens there now are persons who
went there under such circumstances. So it is
everywhere, and so it has been throughout the
history of our country; and it must necessarily
be that persons must be permitted here to go
from place to place, either under constraint or
otherwise; and whenever they see proper to
fix a permanent place of abode they must have
the liberty to do so by compounding the inten-
tion to remain with the fact of presence.
I acknowledge that the mere formation of
the intention is not sufficient; but if the inten-
tion is formed and carried out in good faith,
as it was in this case by General Ames, it con-
stitutes inhabitancy; because he not only
formed the intention, but he remained there.
His candidacy for the Senate is a fact over-
whelming upon the point as to whether or not
he intended to be a citizen of that State, and
his subsequent residence there and his arrange-
ments to acquire property all indicate that
this declaration of intention on his part was
not a sham, but was an honest and sincere ex-
pression of his determination at that time to
becomc a citizen of that State.
I must confess, sir, that I think it is strain-
ing a technicality to exclude him from a seat
in this body. Of course there is no question
involved except the mere question of law and
fact; because it is admitted on all hands that
if he is not now received, he will be reelected.
Nobody can expect or claim any party advan-
tage from a decision of this case either way.
But, sir, I hold that the Senate ought in this
case to establish the precedent that any citizen
of the United States, under any circumstances,
may go anywhere, and whenever he determines
to become an inhabitant of any State where he
may be he shall be recognized as possessing
all the rights and privileges of such inhabitant.
I repudiate the doctrine that an officer of the
Army, because he is under orders, may not ac-
quire citizenship in a locality to which he may
be assigned. If he determines to abandon the
Army, as he has a right to do, and becomc a
citizen and proclaims that fact, and acts in
accordance with that proclamation, he is a cit-
izen ; and I alKrm it would be true that if a
man was seized in one State and dragged in
chains to another, and if, after his arrival at
