1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
constitution of the State, nor the Constitution
of the United States shall ever be amended so
as to abridge the right of exercising the elective
franchise. Could they have gone further?
Then they would have been compelled to go
further, and reaching to eternity, stretch their
limitation beyond the confines of time. They
liave not only said that in regard to the exercise
oi'tho elective franchise, but they have thrown
the door open, anditi their State Legislature at i
home have perhaps thirty colored men as rep- j
resentatives of that people in the Legislature
of the State of Mississippi. Will you be satis-
fied with that?
Are they honest on that subject? They have
adopted the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and if that
to-day is the fundamental law, if twenty-eight
States of the Union have voted for it—and
within ten days the twenty-ninth will be regis-
tered, for Nebraska will set her seal to the prin-
ciple within ten days from this hour—the State
of Mississippi is bound by it until it is stricken
by a constitutional amendment out of the Con-
stitution of the United States. Is there any
strength in that ? Suppose that is not the fund-
amental law, then what? Then it is the delib-
erate expression of the people of Mississippi
as a pledge to you. It was a condition-prece-
denl that you required of them before they
should come here and occupy their place in
the sisterhood of States. They complied with
it; and if it is not yet a constitutional amend-
ment by a sufficient number of States voting
for it, it is still a condition-precedent on the
State of Mississippi to-day, and you cannot
make it more binding by saying that it shall
be considered a condition-precedent two, three,
or four times over.
You ask me to repeat it on Mississippi. I
am satisfied that she has herself made it a con-
dition-precedent, and that is what I am con-
cerned to know. If you want a condition-pre-
cedent, you have got it. If you want her under
the power of the Constitution of the United
States, you have it, if the Constitution is really
amended in that behalf.
Is she honest? She seems to act very much
so. What else do you want her to pledge her-
self to ? She has shown not only her desire to
gratify the extreme of radicalism on this ques-
tion,but she sends here what Massachusetts can-
notdo and what Ohio cannot do; she sends here
a representative of the colored race as a Sen-
ator. Is that mark enough for you ? Can you
stand that, or do you desire something else
and after she has done all that ? She has lifted
up the race, placed them in her legislative
halls, sent them here and installed them in the
Capitol of the nation; and yet you say to her,
"Areyou in earnest? Wedoubtyou. You seem
to act rather plausibly on the subject; but
really we think we will pile up some funda-
mental conditions on you to hold you." You
are afraid to trust thirty thousand colored ma-
jority in the State of Mississippi, for fear here-
after they will refuse to send you other repre-
sentatives of their race, forsooth! What would
you not distrust if you are not willing to be
satisfied on the basis of what the State has
already done for you ?
Then you say that in some future time, some
time intervening between now and the sound-
ing of Gabriel's trump, you are afraid Missis-
sippi will undertake to change her law on the
Bubject of education. Is that any of your
business? Can you say to my little State of
Nebraska that she shall never change her laws
on the subject of education? She may change
them when she pleases, and she will ask noth-
ing of you or of this Congress, and after she
has changed them she will be amenable only
|o the Constitution of the United States. And
if thirty thousand majority of colored men—if
a colored party in Mississippi linked hand in
hand with a large white vote as Republicans—
if they with thirty thousand colored majority
are not able to take care of their educational
interests, then appoint an administrator for
them, and leave the State out until she can
take care of herself.
No, sir ; it is a magnificent farce; it is a
consummation of radicalism run mad to say
that you will not trust a people who have thus
done everything and a little more than some
of you desired them to do. I welcome her
here on the basis of her radicalism ; I welcome
her here on the principles of her constitution ;
I welcome here her representatives of both
races. I claim that it is an insult to her to
talk to her in regard to the probabilities of her
going back upon herself, of these men there
going back upon themselves. Therefore I
would leave in her hands to-day the interests
of the State and the destiny of her people,
and take her as an ally in the future march for
the consummation of all that we have politi-
cally desired in this matter, rather than doubt
her for one moment when she has done every-
thing you required her to do, and when in your
law you pledged yourselves to her that when
she presented herself here, having done that,
she should be admitted.
You claimed no control over her further than
that, and simply desired to look into her action
to see whether she had acted in accordance
with the law. The law said "adopt the four-
teenth amendment." She has done it. The
law said "adopt the fifteenth amendment."
She has done it. The law did not ask her to
go so far as she has gone in showing that she
is in earnest and honest in regard to this rnat-
ter by sending here the joint representatives
of the two races ; but she has done that; and
now, forsooth, because you thought Georgia
had gone back upon you, therefore you thought
it necessary to put a certain bill with it3 con-
ditions upon Virginia, and now to be consist-
ent the truly loyal State of Mississippi is to be
put through the same process.
I vote first against the conditions proposed,
believing them to be unnecessary ; but if they
shall be adopted by the Senate 1 shall yield to
them, and vote for the bill for the admission
of the State of Mississippi.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed that I should vote for the bill declaring
the State of Mississippi entitled to representa-
tion in Congress; I think I said so yesterday ;
but upon reflection, I have come to the con-
clusion that I shall not. Of course it makes
no difference to the majority of the Senate;
but I will give in a very few words the reasons
why I shall not so vote. I will not put myself
on record as having voted for a proposition
which implies that the State of Mississippi as
a State of the Union is entitled to representa-
tion in Congress not by the Constitution, but
by an act of Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota, if he will allow
me, if he has not voted for similar bills before ?
Mr. NORTON. I have.
Mr. DRAKE. Then the Senator has ob-
tained new light.
Mr. NORTON. I have obtained new light.
Mr. DRAKE. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. NORTON. I was just saying that upon
reflection I have concluded not to vote for this
bill. If Mississippi is a State of this Union she
is entitled to representation under the Consti-
tution ; and the way for her to obtain it is for
Senators elected under the law by her Legis-
lature to present their credentials here. All
the States of this Union that have been admit-
ted have presented the credentials of their
Senators, and they have been examined by the
Committee on the Judiciary; and that is the
way that a State comes to be represented here.
Now, sir, voting for this bill even as reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, with all
these fundamental conditions stricken out, is
simply voting that a State in this Union is en-
titled to representation upon this floor by act
of Congress; and you might just as well say
to my successor when he shall come here (as
no doubt one will come, and you will be glad to
see him, perhaps,) that he shall not be admit-
ted to his seat unless you pass an act declaring
Minnesota entitled to representation. Hereto-
fore States that have been admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress have been admitted upon
the credentials of the members of the House
elected and of the Senators elected by those
States being presented. When Territories have
been authorized by act of Congress to organize
State governments the people have organized
them ; they have sent their Senators and their
Representatives here, and upon the presenta-
tion of their credentials they have been admit-
ted in the one House or the other of Congress.
Now, if the district of country known as Missis-
sippi is merely a Territory, and only entitled to
representation upon its organization as a new
State, let it be so organized ; let it bring its con-
stitution here and submit it to Congress, and
let it bring the credentials of its Senators and
Representatives. If it is not that, then it must
be a State already ; and yon are admitting Sen-
ators upon this floor uuder this bill by an act of
Congress, and not by the act of the Legislature
of that State, and not upon their credentials.
I care nothing about these fundamental con-
ditions ; I say nothing about them ; but I do
say that your system of reconstruction has
brought you just to this point: that you are
declaring a State of the Union, a State of the
United States, one that has a position equal to
the other States of the Union, entitled to rep-
resentation. And why is it entitled to repre-
sentation? Because it is a member of the
Union? Because it is one of the United States
of America? Because it i8 one of those States
of the Union provided for by the Constitution ?
No ; but because Congress chooses to say it is
or it is not entitled to representation !
For these reasons, notwithstanding the sug-
gestion of my friend from Missouri that I may
not be consistent—because whenever I find
myself in error I am willing to say so, and if
I have had new light I am willing to recognize
it—I will not put myself on record as voting
that a State of this Union is only entitled to
representation because Congress says it is enti-
tled to it.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it is very evi-
dent that the Senator from Minnesota has been
making progress. Whether he has been pro-
gressing into light or into darkness every person
who is familiar with the honorable Senator's
position will judge for himself. Evidently the
Senator himself thinks that he has been going
into light; but according to the exhibition that
he makes to-day I think it is rather a hazy and
nebulous light, which sheds no radiance upon
his path.
I I had intended, Mr. President, before this
debate closed to say a few words in regard to
the attitude of the bill now before the Senate,
and I might as well say them now. For two
weeks we debated here whether we would im-
pose upon Virginia the very conditions that are
now contained in this bill; and finally the Sen-
ate determined to impose them as amendments
to a bill which came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. We sent the bill back with the
| amendments to the House, and the House con-
curred in them ; and the President signed the
' bill, and it is a law; and under that law the
Senators from Virginia have taken their seats
here.  
1 Now, when this bill to admit Mississippi
comes into the Senate, in the very terms of
: the bill under which Virginia was admitted,
i what do we find? The very same committee
; that endeavored before, with all the power it
; could wield in the Senate, to prevent the impo-
sition of fundamental conditions upon V lrginia
now tries to prevent a like imposition upon
Mississippi, and we find this indirect coin-
cideuce with the views entertained by the ben*
ator who has just taken his seat and these
Senators on that side of the Chamber who act
with him ; and we find no reason urged why
1 Mississippi should be exempt from the condi-
tions imposed upon Virginia, only just the
notion of the Judiciary Committee that those
