1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3103
Beauboueher, late consul of United States
at Jerusalem; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and, on motion of Mr. Wilkinson,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
national cbmeteries.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) author-
ising the Secretary of War to take charge of
theGettysburg and Antietam national ceme-
teries ; which was read a first and second time,
and, on motion of Mr. Logax, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
NATIONAL ASYLUM FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 140) appoint-
ing managers of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Soldiers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
dinkt ettino.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 488) to authorize the officers
of the Treasury Department to enter a credit
upon the account of Henry Etting, paymaster
in the Navy; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to ask that that
bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to credit Henry Etting, paymaster in the
United States Navy, with the sum of $1,098 51
paid by him to Lieutenant J. C. Rich in 1843,
1844, and 1845 for services as judge advocate
of courts-martial ordered by Commodore Perry,
commanding the United States naval forces
on the west coast of Africa.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
▼ote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bayou TECHE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) to pro- j
vide for survey and estimates of cost of remov- i
ing obstructions from Bayou Teche, in the j
State of Louisiana; which was read a first and j
second time. |
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I would like j
to have that joint resolution put upon its pas- i
sage. It is necessary that it should be passed
at once.
The joint resolution was read. It instructs
the Secretary of War to cause a survey and
estimate to be made of the cost of removing
obstructions from and improving the naviga-
tion of Bayou Teche, in the State of Louisiana,
provided that the expense of said sarvey and
estimate shall not exceed the sum of $500, and
the joint resolution appropriates that sum of
money.  
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. The sub-
committee of the Committee on Commerce
have agreed to report a similar provision, and
the officers are on the ground ready to make
the survey.
Mr. DAWES. I think this bill should go,
with other matters in reference to rivers and
harbors, to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I re peat that
the sub-committee of the Committee on Com-
merce have considered this joint resolution
and agreed to report it. The engineer depart-
ment say that the officers are on the ground
now and can make the survey at much less
expense perhaps now than at some future
time.
Mr. DAWES. Have the Committee on
Commerce considered the matter ?
Mr.^SHELDON, of Louisiana. The sub-
committee for this purpose have considered it.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post roads.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 506) establishing certain
post roads; which was read a first and second
time, and, on motion of Mr. Faknsworth, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
judicial districts in florida.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 630) to consolidate the north-
ern and southern judicial districts in the State
of Florida; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee ou the
Judiciary.
agricultural college scrip.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 93) legalizing certain loca-
tions of agricultural college scrip therein desig-
nated ; which was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. SARGENT. I think this bill should be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope not; I trust the bill
will be passed now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If I can
have a few moments to explain the bill I think
there will be no objection to passing it now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
Honse, in order that there may be no mis-
understanding, that in considering business on
the Speaker's table the Chair will recognize
the gentleman who desires to ask the sense of
the House upon the passage of each bill or joint
resolution as it maybe taken up. The bill will
be read in full, after which, if no motion be
made, the Chair will snbmit to the Honse the
question upon its third reading and passage.
Hie bill was read. It provides for legalizing
the location of agricultural college scrip allowed
prior to December 1,1867, at the several land
offices in the State of Wisconsin, in excess of
the maximum quantity authorized by the act
entitled " An apt donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts," approved July 2,1862, and
authorizing the Commissioner of the Qeneral
Land Office to issue patents upon such loca-
tions, provided the same shall be legal and valid
in all other respects.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The law
which authorized the issue of this land scrip
restricted the amount to be located in any one
State to one million acres. Before the books
could be posted, as it was afterward found, an
excess of some thousands of acres had been
located in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. SAWYER. An excess of seventy-nine
thousand acres.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. TheCom-
missioner of the General Land Office asks that
the land so located in excess may be confirmed
and patented.
Mr. ALLISON. That is all right.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land district in kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table
i was a bill (S. No. 369) to establish an addi-
!i tional land district in the State of Kansas,
j Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask that that !j
, bill be passed over informally, and allowed to ;<
u retain its place upon the Speaker's table. a
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
relief op enlisted men.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 476) to fix the status of cer-
tain Federal soldiers enlisting in the Union
Army from the States of Alabama nnd Flor-
ida ; which was taken up, read a first and sec-
ond time, and, on motion of Mr. Logan, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
j. r. clark.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) for the
relief of J. R. Clark; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and, on motion
of Mr. Sargent, referred to the Committee of
Claims.
bolivian navigation company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 558) to incorporate the Na-
tional Bolivian Navigation Company; which
was taken np, read a first and second time, and,
on motion of Mr. Ingersoll, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
land entries in alabama.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 495) to confirm entries of
public land in certain cases in the State of
Alabama; which was taken up, read a first
and second time, and, on motion of Mr. Dox,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
public charities.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 637) to relieve public chari-
ties from taxation ; which was taken up, read
a first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
Randall, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
metropolitan presbyterian church.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 603) to incorporate the
Metropolitan Presbyterian church of the city
of Washington ; which was taken up, read a
first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
Knott, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
arms distributed to states.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 669) providing for the dis-
tribution of arms to certain States ;,whieh was
taken up, read a first and second time, and, on
motion of Mr. Logan, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment,
bills and joint resolutions of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 897) to incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1427) to provide for the y/
creation of corporations in the District of Co-
lumbia by general law;
A bill (H. R. No. 1666) for the relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 215) author-
izing the supply of arms for instruction and
practice to certain colleges and universities;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 245) making
an appropriation to defray the expenses of the
Committee on Education and Labor incurred
ki pursuance of investigations ordered by the
House of Representatives.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with an amendment, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, a joint resolution of the following
title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the
return of evidence of honorable discharge to
officers.
