1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
the point to which he was carried, he should
conclude at any time to remain there and be-
come a citizen, notwithstanding his introduction
in that State was by force, ana contrary to his
own will, he would be a citizen of that State.
I think, Mr. President, upon this report and
the law, as it appears to me to be established
by the authorities, and I do not go beyond the
report, the Senate ought to dccide without hes-
itation that General Ames is entitled to his seat
in this body.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, this has
beenavery remarkable debate. The credentials
of General Ames, as a Senator from the State
of Mississippi, were presented to the Senate,
and it being objected that he was ineligible
under the Constitution, not having been an
inhabitant of that State at the time of his elec-
tion, the whole matter was referred to the
Judiciary Committee to examine and report
to this body. That committee, in discharge
of the duty thus imposed, entered upon the
investigation of the question involved with a
strong bias in favor of General Ames and a
strong desire to find that ho was entitled to his
seat, if consistent with the Constitution of the
United States, which that committee still re-
gards as of binding obligation. There were
many reasons why wo desired his admission ;
no reason for desiring him to bo rejected. lie
is our political friend. lie has rendered con-
spicuous and honorable service in the Army,
lie is a gentleman wo would gladly welcome
to a seat in this Chamber.
But, sir, after a patient and candid investi-
gation, we reached a conclusion adverse to his
claims. In the innocence of our hearts we
canio hero with a report involving a dry legal
conclusion, most reluctantly but honestly ar-
rived at; and wo supposed that wo had done
our duty as a committee of this body. Ima-
gine our surprise, then, that wo uro assailed by
our political friends with heated debate and
with severity of criticism, almost with con-
demnation and denunciation, as though we
wero certainly in a conspiracy lo overthrow the
Government and possibly plotting the ruin of
the Republican party. Such treatment, from
political associates can only lie accounted for
upon t.]ie theory of the pool, that—
" It. is sometimes swoot to luvvo our nmuwls,
Particularly with a tiresome friend,"
I have often felt of late that tho Judiciary
Committee is a useless branch of this body.
It belongs to a otato of things which I fear is
passing away. 11 was created in tho early days
of the Republic, when the Constitution was re-
garded as supreme, beyond tho reach and above
the power of Congi ess. It. is usually composed
of men whose lives have been formed by profes
sional training; men who are accustomed to
follow reasoning to its legitimate result, whether
pleasant or unpleasant: men accustomed (o
approve of the conclusions of logic, whether
these jump with or against the interests of the
passinghour. Therefore, whenoveritis thought
necessary to pass a political measure through
this body, without regard to its consonance or
conflict with the Constitution, the Judiciary
Committee is an obstacle and a stumbling
bloek. And so far as regards my connection
with it, I will enter into a written stipulation,
stamped under tho revenue laws, that it may
bo abolished to-morrow.
Rut this matter seemed to be of a nature
proper to be referred to and be considered by
that committee. It involved only questions of
law and was unembarrassed with any political
necessity. Whether or not General Ames is
entitled to his seat depends upon the proper
construction of tho Constitution ; and conced-
ing all that can be claimed by the advanced
raiders upon the Constitution, and for the
purpose of this discussion I desire to concede
that; conceding that whenever the Constitution
stands in the way of a measure which we deem
to be in the interests of human rights, when it
hinders sometemporary advantage or frustrates
some party end it is to be disregarded and
ruthlessly trampled under foot; conceding all
this, General Ames'scase does not come within
tho conccssion.
A decent regard forthe opinionsofour early
statesmen, for tho theory of our Government;
a decent regard for the ancient opinion that
civil rights are only secured when those who
administer the Government by a written law
above their control, ordained by the people;
a deccnt regard for our solemn oaths, would
seem to dictate that the Constitution should not
be disregarded without some even temporary
benefit resulting to the people or the party or
somebody. Rut it cannot be pretended that
this is such a case. What is the necessity for
General Ames to take his seat this moment?
Roes tho fate of the Republic, does the fate
of our party, or tho fate of any great public
measure depend upon it? Here we are in pro-
found peace, with a Republican majority of
more than two thirds in the Senate, and the
State of Mississippi is Republican in both
branches of its Legislature, and it is certain
that General Ames is now eligible and can be
hereafter elected and take his seat in this body
within ten days, free from all objection.
Mr. President, there may come a time when
parties are so nearly balanced that tho benefit
of one vote for six years in this body would be
a great temptation to slight the Constitution.
Should such a time como the precedent we are
to make this day will be regarded as possess-
ing overwhelming importance. It will be said
that General Ames's case was decided by a
party possessing such overwhelming strength
as to be exempt from political temptation, and
that such a precedent is safe to follow. It is
important, therefore, that wo should decido
this enso rightly, indeed, the only importance
attaching to this ease is that it should be cor-
rectly decided. Nobody will be injured by a
correct decision. lCven the paltry considera-
tion of General Ames's pay for ten days is not
involved, because it. is, us 1 understand, the
practice of' this body to pay a Senator from
the time his State became entitled to repre-
sentation. There is nothing, therefore, that 1
can conceive of to swerve us a hair's breadth
from a cold consideration and upright determ-
ination of this case; and yet, sir, we are being
pushed and crowded by party leaders with hot
iiasto into a determination of this question
which, in my judgment, will violate both the
letter and the spirit of tho Constitution.
In its investigation of this question the com-
mittee came first upon that provision of the
Constitution which declares —
" No person shall bo a Sunn tor who shall not havo
attained to flu: a so of thirty ycais ami been imio
years a eitizen of the United Status, and who shall
not wlmti oleoted bo an inhabitant of that State tor
which hojihalt bo vliosuu."
Sir, the Judiciary Committee did not make
that Constitution j they did noL pen that ob-
noxious provision ; they did not embarrass the
right of any human being to get into the Senate.
No member of the eommitteo is even old
enough to have voted for tho Constitution when
it was adopted by the people. If this be an
unwise provision in the Constitution we are
not answerable for it. We simply find it there,
and the only question for us to determine is
what does it mean ?
Turning to tho debates in the Convention
which framed the Constitution, we find that tho
word " resident'' was stricken from the original
draft, and tho word "inhabitant" substituted
for it because it was of broader signification.
I read from the fifth volume of Eliot's Debates:
"Mr. SnRKMAS moved to striko out the word ' resi-
dent and iusert 'inhabitant' 113 loss liablo to mis-
construction,
" Mr. Maimsox seconded the motion. Both wero
"v^aguo, but the Litter least so in common acccpta-
tion and would not exclude persons absent occa-
sionally lor a considerable time on public or private
business. ixroat disputes had been raised in Vir
Kinia concerning: the mcaniue of residence as a dual i-
iieation ot representatives, which were determined
more according to tho rfeetion or dislike to the mail
in question than to any iixed interpretation of tho
word. * •«
"Mr. Mason thought seven years too long"—
That is, seven years' residence—
"but would never agree to part with the principle.
It is a valuable principle. He thought it a defect m
tho plan that tho representatives would be too few
to bring with them all the local knowledge neces-
sary. If residence be not required rich men of neigh-
boring States may employ with success the means of
corruption in some particular district, and thereby
get into the public councils after having failed in
their own States. This is the practice in tho boroughs
of England." * * * " "
"On the question for inserting 'inhabitant m
place of ' resident,' agreed to nan con.''
Now, sir, the Constitution has a spirit as
well as a letter; and the man who swears to
support the Constitution swears to support it
ill letter and in spirit. And the man who has
sworn to support the Constitution and resorts
to artful dodges and technicalities to keep
within its letter and violate its meaning vio-
lates both the Constitution and his oath to sup-
port it. What was the object of this provision?
What does it mean? Why, sir, the Constitu-
tion was creating a Government, and it was
thought desirable that those who should sit in
this Hall should come with local knowledge of
their respective States, so that the Senate in
the aggregate should possess knowledge of the
local affairs of every State in the Union.
Hence it was provided that the Senators should
be inhabitants of their respective States. It
was not enough that he should be a resident;
he must be an inhabitant of the State which
he was to represent.
Now, sir, suppose I go to-morrow 011 a voy-
age of discovery to the State of Mississippi,
not being in the Army or Navy, so that 1 am
at perfect liberty to go or not to go, which was
not the case with General Ames, and on arriv-
ing there find the Legislature in session and
say to them, "Gentlemen, if you will elect
mc to the Senate of the United States I will
cast my lot with you." They say they will do
so j they elect me the same afternoon, and I
start back in the evening train to take my scat
in the Senate in Washington. I present ray
credentials, and by the votes of some sixty
Senators, all of whom have sworn to support
that Constitution which provides that no man
shall he a Senator from the State of Mississippi
unless he was an inhabitant of that State at
the time lie was chosen, I am admitted. Mr.
President, would such a case answer the spirit
ot the Constitution 1 Would it not be a patent
and palpable violation of the Constitution?
And yet the case of General Ames does not
even stand as well as that.
Before coming, however, to that pait of the
subject, 1 desire to refer to a decision of the
supreme court of Massachusetts, found in 5
Pickering's Reports. Yesterday the learned
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] read a
decision ot Chief Justice Shaw, in 17 Picker-
ing's Reports. In that opinion the court refer,
for the proper distinction between "resident"
and "inhabitant," to the case of Harvard Col-
lege vs. Gore, to which I now refer. The opin-
ion read by the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] was delivered by Chief Justice Shaw.
Ihe opinion to which_ he referred, and which
I now read, was delivered by Chief Justice
1 arker. Roth great men; but if there be any
name iu the judicial annals of Massachusetts
before which the great name of Lemuel Shaw
grows a little pale it is that of Chief Justice
Parker. lie says:
U Is Silid : ' Regularly the will
MMhSki, nln'i'^.^'^iasticalcourt of the same
iTSi v testator is an inhabitant, or where-
fhrt 1 "r usual residence and abode for
JiattiSS innrf his death, and not in the eccle-
wiii S? Ji, ^ °f tk&t county wherein he made his
hnhifflfiA m  bodied, but-whore his last place of
**ere habitation means something
wh^Dim(:re1 residence; a distinction -which
««1,. adopted by our Legislature in the stat-
virm« {&r<SonS1,Ration. Wo think it pretty ob-
niftS i. 1 inhabitant and resident were
? statute diverso intuitu, and notsynony-
^\?^ykR? they are used disjunc-
but because they are "words of different ca-
pacities and meaning. If it had been intended that
lesmenoe alone should 111 all cases give jurisdiction
* 10 inhabitant was superfluous 5
habitancy in l^s technical sense according: to
our law was m all eases to be required, then many
