1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4991
they want to buy, or of their proximity to im-
porters, to bring in books free. It is liable to
this objection, as well as the further one that
it opens wide the door of fraud.
Mr. FOWLER. The opposition here comes
from persons who are interested in the making
and sale of books in the United States. Now,
who are to be benefited by this? What class
of persons are to be benefited ? They are the
most self-denying, helpless, poor, earnest, and
laborious men in this country. Some poor man
has knowledge enough to understand that there
is a book that will be useful to him, and by hard
work and toil and self-denial, denying himself
day by day what other men use, he lays by
enough to send for and get the book and bring
it here, and he reads it and distributes it for
the benefit of others. These are the kind of
men who are to profit by bringing in these
books free. I think I know some of them in this
city, who are living in garrets, denying them-
selves the necessaries which men ought really
to have, merely for the purpose of laying by
enough to send off and get some valuable book.
I admit that the books are of very great value ;
and they are of so great value and so great
utility that the rich scarcely ever look for them
or find them at all; and you do not find them
iu the libraries of the rich men, unless fortu-
nately you find once in awhile a rich man who
happens to be an intellectual man. These are
the men who purchase books of that character.
They are the earnest, self-denying, pure, up-
right, poor men of the country, and there is
only one out of a thousand of them at that,.
Does any man who knows anything of this sub-
ject believe that they would defraud the Gov-
ernment out of a five-eent piece? They are
the farthest from it of any class in the world.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. FOWLER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Nobody pretends that the
persons whom he descrihes would defraud the
Government; but here is a door opened for
persons who will defraud the Government, and
he knows as well as I do that if you abolish
the tariff on certain articles for the benefit of
a few individuals you provide for every man in
the United States, and thieves as well as honest
men can avail themselves of that change iu
the law.
Mr. FOWLEB. I admit the argument of
the Senator from Oregon, and I had no objec-
tion to it at the time lie was delivering it, be-
cause I understood that he was seeking to pro-
vide against a fraud, and earnestly endeavoring
to protect the Treasury, and I appreciated the
argument ho made. Nevertheless I think he
made the argument too extensive, and applied
it in such a manner that it would afl'ect the
very class of men I am defending. What I
say does not apply to the remarks lie made at
all, because I appreciated the earnestness of
his purpose and the correctness of his intention
in regard to the matter.
Nevertheless, I say it is unnecessary in this
case, because the persons against whom pro-
tection is sought are a class of men who never
will defraud the country. I know certain men
in this city who would be glad of the oppor-
tunity to import free of duty certain books, who
are among the greatest men in this land, the
most fertile in ideas and the most useful men,
who are scarcely known to the citizens here,
who walk among this people here absolutely
unknown beings.
Mr. CONKLING. I heard the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurmax] some time ago speak
about something which he said was the most
extraordinary proposition he had ever heard
advanced; .but that was not more extraor-
dinary than are some things I hear advanced
about this matter. In the first place it is said
that this is a tax upon knowledge. How is
this any more a tax upon knowledge than the
tesidue of the tariff, particularly that part of
it levied upon the necessaries of life? By as
much as you take from a man tribute by dint
of a tariff, by so much you impair his ability
to buy other things; and if you tax him'upon
tea and coffee and sugar, and things which he
must provide for his family, he has not as much
left to buy books with as lie would have if you
did not so tax him; and therefore, unless the
criticism be a very fine point in the directness
of mathematical statement, any tax which' you
lay upon the necessities or comforts of life is
.just as much a tax upon knowledge as is the
tax on books. One pertains specifically to a
given source of knowledge. The other, with-
out pertaining specifically to that, diminishes
the power of every citizen to supply himself
with the sources of information, the means
and apparatus by which knowledge is pro-
moted. Therefore, for one, I do not believe
in that distinction at all.
Butlet us turn it the other way for a moment;
suppose it is a tax on knowledge. What the
committee propose to do is to protect honest
book-dealers. Are not men who are engaged
iu malting and vending honestly books, which
one Senator has called "fountains of light,"
to be protected? And if they are, what is tire
sense of letting in all the poachers, not only the
literary poachers, but the commercial pirates
of the country, by saying that books may be
brought in ad libitum?
The honorable Senator from Tennessee
quiets himself by supposing that a few book-
worms, a few antiquated and dilapidated peo-
ple, friendless and the proper objects of sym-
pathy, such as those whom he says he knows,
and we have all of us seen them perhaps once
in a while, those who live in garrets—he quiets
his conscience by saying that those men are to
be benefited by it. Yes,sir; but that is the drop
in the bucket, the dust in the scales; and while
these few and far between men, these book-
worms, are permitted to satisfy their literary
appetite sometimes, when they would not be
able to do it otherwise, all the men, the agents,
what in another branch of business would be
called the scalpers of the trade, are to go on
and under permission of this import as many
books as they choose, cheating the revenue laws.
Why should that be?
This is very sentimental, I know. It sounds
very well; it is very easy to declaim against a
tax upon knowledge and upon light, and all
that. It is pleasant to do it; but I submit to
the Senate that it is founded upon an unreal
distinction, and that, whether so or not, its
mode of letting there be light is also a mode
of letting there be fraud all over the land, and
therefore I hope the Senate will stand by the
committee, and let books be treated like other
things, and the people who buy them treated
like other people who buy other things merit-
orious to buy.
Mr. MORRILL. ofVermont. Mr. President,
it is quite plain that if this provision should
remain in the section we should have 110 more
books come in upon which any duties would lie
collected. It would be in the power of any
importer of books to get the names of all his
friends, or be could take them from the direct-
ory of any city, and hereafter books would be
all imported in single copies and we should
get 110 duties at all upon the regular trade.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make one remark.
The Scnp.tor from Alabama [Mr. Wakneii]
declared himself in favor of free trade in books
as I understood him ; but lie would not accept
aproposition which was not absolute free trade.
I had supposed that our bill went 011 the idea
of doing as much for the good of the people as
we could. If we cauuot put everything 011 the
free list, wo do what we can for the public
benefit. Now, I submit that there is nothing
for the public benefit more distinct/more clear,
than, as the Senator has said, free trade in
books. I would have them all come iu free if
I could; but that cannot be, and therefore I
ask that certain books shall come in free.
We are reminded that those who import
them can afford to pay for them, and we are
told that there is in poiut of fact no difference
between the book and any other article; be-
cause if a man pays for the necessaries of life
the general sum of his property is to that ex-
tent diminished precisely as if he had paid it
for books. Then there is a very familiar rule
of 'law that the proximate cause, and not the
remote_cause, is always regarded; and so in
determining taxation now, and in determining
how to characterize taxation, we regard the
proximate cause. Here it is the book; it is
knowledge which is proximate. Neither book
nor knowledge is proximate when you have
the question of taxes on the necessaries of life.
Therefore do I say that this tax on knowledge
has its character determined by the book; and
when you propose a tax on a book you pro-
pose a tax on knowledge. It is no answer to
say that a tax on the necessaries of life dimin-
ishes to that extent the source of income. We
do not go into any such refinement; but I
insist that you are to regard directly and pri-
marily the book which is the subject of taxa-
tion; and when you tax it you impose a tax
on knowledge.
And now what is the existing tax? It was
twenty-five per cent. Now, take one of the
respectable persons described by the Senator
from Tennessee, who, hoarding out of his small
means, is at last able to send abroad for a book,
because, as the Senator says, he knows where
the good book is to be found, and what he
wants. Is it not hard that then he should be
compelled to pay twenty-five per cent, addi-
tional? The book may cost him forty or fifty
dollars, or perhaps twice that; and when it
arrives he is to pay one fourth in the way of
tax. I call that a tax 011 knowledge. In this
bill have we not been taking off taxes on the
necessaries of life? That has been one object
proposed, and I think it would be well worth
the attention of the Senate to associate with
that effort that which I now propose, to take
off the tax on knowledge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the part proposed to be stricken out
by the committee. The Secretary will report
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
after the words " United States," in line fifty-
seven, the words "also books relating to
sciences and the arts."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Let the precise question be
stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
011 Finance propose to strike out what has been
read. The Senator from Massachusetts moves
to amend the part proposed to be stricken out
by inserting the words just read, so that if the
clause should not be stricken out books relat-
ing to sciences and the arts will then be on the
free list.
Mr. TIIUBMAN. The effect of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is to
put all books relating to arts and sciences on
the free list, as I understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts should
be agreed to, and then the Senate should vole
down the proposition of the Committee on
Finance to strike out this part of the bill, that
would be the effect.
Mr. THURMAN. So I understood. That
is a very broad proposition. It is a proposition
to allow all importers to bring in all books
relating to arts and sciences free of duty as
articles of merchandise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Specially imported.
Mr. THURMAN. No; the amendment
comes in after the words " specially imported,"
so that the effect of it is to allow all the im-
porters to bring in their merchandise, if the
works relate to arts and science, without any
duty at all.
Then, again, here is another difficulty about
it. What is a work relating to science? Does
