1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
Ho. 03? RePs.
in view of some particular interest or to favor
a few who have long been whispering their
necessities in our ears, but our better reason
will not and cannot approve it. The man-
ufacturers may persuade this House that they
are just in their infancy and need props and
supports and protective laws, but the great
mass of the people, the poor farmers, laborers,
and mechanics in the country, will ery oat
against it. The person who does not depend
upon his own resources always remains a child.
If this measure becomes a law or the pres-
ent statute remains in force the old plowman's
dream will again and again bo fully realized.
After days of unusual toil and anxiety, with
his mind deeply agitated at the excess of out-
goes over incomes, ho laid himself down to
rest. In his mind he was comparing his own
lot with others about him in the different walks
of life. Although ho had many articles and
much property about him, to keep it, to free it
from incumbrances, and to call it all his own,
lie felt would require the best if not the remain-
ing energies of his life. Although slumber
overtook him his troubled mind aid not find
repose. At length he found himself at thefoot
of a very high mountain, whose steep side was
covered with great numbers of his own coun-
trymen in classes or orders all arranged above
him. First and nearest him were feebly sta-
tioned the laborer, carpenter, blacksmith, shoe-
maker, and merchant, all depending upon him
for support. Further up, enjoying greater free-
dom, less care and undisturbed countenances,
were the manufacturers, whom he had long
understood continued to wear short gowns and
check aprons, but really now dressed in gay
attire with whole trains attending them, and
all pressing very heavily upon the old plow-
man, without whom they would at once come
down to his level. Still higher, possessing the
most elevated position and wielding something
resembling a scepter, indicative of control and
supremacy, were the men demanding protection
for iron, who, as their apologists say, although
wonderfully overgrown and froward, still wear
bibs and are fed with spoons, and whose weight,
notwithstanding their distance, fallsheavieston
the sun-burned tiller of the soil below.
Pennsylvania—Her Relation to the Indus-
tries of the Country.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. D. KELLEY,
of pennsylvania,
In the House or Representatives,
March 25, 1870.
The House boin<? in the Committee of tlio "Whole,
and haying under consideration the bill (U. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the duties
on imports, and for other purposes—
Mr. KELLEY said:
Mr. Chairman : I presume that gentlemen
who have listened to the course of tiiis debate
expect me to apologize for having been born in
Pennsylvania and adhering to my native State.
From what has been said it seems that her
people are regarded by free traders as a dis-
creditable community, and she, in her cor-
porate capacity, as an object of odium.
Sir, I am proud of dear old Pennsylvania,
my native State. She was the first to adopt
the Federal Constitution, and was in fact the
key-stone of the Federal arch, holding together
the young Union when it consisted ot but thir-
teen States, and she is to-day preeminently the
representative State of the Union. You cannot
strike her so that her industries shall bleed with-
out those of other States feeling it, and feeling
it vitally. She has no cotton, or sugar, or rice
fields; biU apart from these she is identified
with every interest represented upon this floor.
Gentlemen from the rocky coast of New
England and the gentlemen who are here from
the more fertile and hospitable shores of the
Pacific, especially the gentlemen from the beau-
tifully wooded shores of Puget sound, com-
plain that their ship-yards are idle. Hers, alas I
are also idle, although they are the yards in
which were built the largest wooden ship the
Government ever put afloat, and the largest
sailing iron-clad it ever owned. She has her
commerce and sympathizes with, young San
Francisco and our great commercial metrop-
olis, New York. She was for long years the
leading port of entry in the country. She still
maintains a respectable direct commerce and
imports, very largely through New York, for
the same reasons that London doea through
Liverpool and Paris through Havre.
Are you interested in the production of
fabrics, whether of silk, .wool, flax, or cotton?
If so her interests are identical with yours, for
she employs as many spindles and looms as
any New England State, and their productions
are as various and valuable. Are your inter-
ests in the commerce upon the lakes? Then go
with me to her beautiful city of Erie and be-
hold how Pennsylvania sympathizes with all
your interests there. Are your interests identi-
fied with the navigation of the Mississippi and
seeking markets for your products at the mouth
of that river and on the Gulf? I pray you to
remember that two of the navigable sources of
the American " Father of Waters " take their
rise in the bosom of her mountains, aud that for
long decades her enterprising and industrious
people have been plucking from her hills bitu-
minous coal and floating it down that stream
past the coal-fields of Ohio, Kentucky, Ind-
iana, Illinois, Missouri, and other coal-bearing
States, to meet that of England in the market
of New Orleans and try to drive it thence.
Gentlemen from the gold regions, where were
the miners trained who first brought to light,
with any measure of science and experience,
the vast resources in gold and silver-bearing
quartz of the Pacific slope? They went to you
lrom the coal, iron, and zinc mines of Penn-
sylvania. There t.hey had learned to sink the
shaft, run the drift, handle the ore, and crush
or smelt it. It was experience acquired in her
mines that brought out the wealth of California
almost as magically as we were taught in child-
hood to believe that Alladin's lamp could con-
vert base articles into that precious metal.
Nor, sir, are the interests of Pennsylvania
at variance with those of thegreatagricultural
States? Before her Representatives in the two
Houses of Congress had united their voices with
those of gentlemen from the West ',o make
magnificent land grants for the purpose of con-
sti-ucting railroads in different directions across
the treeless but luxuriously fertile prairies,
Pennsylvania was first among the great agri-
cultural States. And to-day our products of
the field, the garden, the orchard, and the
dairy equal in value those of any other State.
Gentlemen from Ohio, notwithstanding the
statement of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] that you alone manufacture Scotch
pig iron and suffer from its importation, as
you alone have the black band ore from
which it is made, is it not true that when
Pennsylvania demands a tariff that will pro-
tect the wages of her laborers in the mine,
quarry, and furnace, she does but defend the
interest and rights of your laborers and those
of every other iron-bearing State in the Union.
Gentlemen from Virginia, Maryland, and North
Carolina, Pennsylvania is denounced because
she pleads for a duty on coal that will enable
you to develop your magnificent tide-water coal-
fields in competition with Nova Scotia. The
coal of your tide-water fields is far more avail-
able than that of the inland fields of Pennsylva-
nia, which depend on railroads for transport-
ation. On the banks of the James, the Dan,
and a score of other navigable rivers, lie coal-
beds to within a few hundred feet of which the
vessels which are to carry the precious fuel away
may come, and they He nearer to the markets of
New England than those of your colonial rivals
at Nova Scotia; and when you were.not here
and VirginiaandNorth Carolina were voiceless
on this floor, I pleaded with the Thirty-Ninth
Congress for the duty of $1 25 per ton in order
that Virginia and North Carolina, soon, to be
reconstructed, should be able to produce fuel
for New England better and cheaper than Nova
Scotia does, and that it should be carried in
New England built vessels, so that the thou-
sands of people employed in producing and
transporting it should constitute a market for
the grain of the western farmer and the pro-
ductions of American workshops. I might, Mr.
Chairman, extend the illustration of the iden-
tity of the interests of Pennsylvania with those
of the people of every other State, but will
not detain the committee longer on that sub-
ject. In leaving it I however reiterate my
assertion that you cannot strike a blow at
her industries without the people of at least
half a score of other States feeling it as
keenly as she will. She asks uo boon from
Congress. Her people, whether they depend
for subsistence- upon their daily toil, or have
been so fortunate as to have inherited or ac-
quired capital, seek no special privileges from
the Government. They demand that we shall
legislate for the promotion of the equal welfare
of all. They know that they must share the
common fate, and that their prosperity depends
upon that of their countrymen at large.
protection cheapens cohliodities.
Mr. Chairman, many gentlemen have spoken
since this bill was made a special order, and a
great deal has been said upon the general sub-
ject of free trade and protection, and but little
about the provisions embodied in the bill before
the committee. I am probably expected to
proceed at once to reply to the remarks of
my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Allison,] who has just closed
his remarks. But 1 may as well before pro-
ceeding to do so take a shot into the flock gen-
erally. The birds all have sung the same song.
My colleague has gone more fully into the
details of the bill than any of the others. But
his statements are all in harmony with those
of the several gentlemen whohave given us the
doctrines of the chiefof the Bureau of Statistics,
D. A. Wells, in their own admirable way. I
propose to allude to some of their remarks.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
in opening the debate promised to mount a ped-
dler's wagon and ride through the agricultural
districts of the country exhibiting hoes, shovels,
axes, chains, knives and forks, cottons, and
woolens, and demonstrate to the people the
unjust and enormous taxation imposed on them
by the existing tariff. If the gentleman will
redeem thispromise, making candid statements
of facts to the people I will contribute toward
his expenses and pray for the success of his
mission.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. How much?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 will contribute 25 per
cent., and what may be more effective, will try
to make an arrangement, by which the proprie-
tors of Flagg's pain exterminator will give th'e
gentleman a seat in their wagons while going
through the country. By no other means could
he so perfectly demonstrate the fact that duties
which are really protective are never a tax, and
that protection invariably cheapens commodi-
ties. So invariably is this true that protective
America, France, and Germany are crowding
free-trade England out of the markets of the
world with the articles named bythegentleman,
while purchasing the materials of which they are
made from her and paying protective duties on
every pound of it. This is not mere declama-
tion. It is truth demonstrated by experience.
The starving mechanics of England know it,
and have at length succeeded in bringing it
