8104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
The menage further announced (hat the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolations,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested, of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 677) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
Albemarle district of North Carolina:
A bill (,S. No. 716) to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
ia whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes;
A bill (S. No. 723) in relation to circuit
courts;
A bill (S. No. 724) for the relief of James
M. Trotter and William H. Dupree;
A bill (8. No. 725) for the relief of James
Henderson;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to author-
ize the restoration of Benjamin S. Richards to
the active list of the Navy ;
A joint resolution (8. It. No. 184) to regu-
late the effect of the vote of the thanks of
Congress upon promotion in the Navy; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) for the
relief of certain officers of the N avy.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT IN OREGON.
The consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table was then resumed, the next
business being a bill (S. No. 396) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Portland to Astoria
and McMinnville, in the State of Oregon;
which was taken op, and rtad a first and see-
ond time.
The SPEAKER. This bill was taken up
once before, and then the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmak] had the floor upon, a
motion that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN, I desire to renew that
motion at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN then addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Is not the hour of the
gentleman from Indiana up?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has two
'minutes remaining.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. It would of course
be impossible for me to attempt in that time
to nut the remarks which I desire to offer.
I trust that after the members of the commit-
tee have spoken I will be permitted to have the
floor in my own right.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object to that.
I had intended to yield the gentleman half of
my time, and regret that he did not remind
me.
Mr. SARGENT. We have twice heard the 1
same speech which we have now listened to
from the same gentleman, and I think an oppor-
tunity should be given to answer it.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the pre- j
vious question on my motion to refer this bill.
Mr. FITCH. How mnch of the gentleman's |
time remains? I
The SPEAKER. One minute. j
Mr. FITCH. I will occupy that one minute j
by saying that I trust the chairman of the Com- I
mittee of Ways and Means will permit the j
speech of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. j
Hoi/man,] which has twice been made, to be ;
replied to by western men here upon this floor, I
that they may give to the country an expres- I
sion of their views with respect to this policy i
of granting lands, a policy now seriously at-
tacked for the first time in ten years upon the :
floor of the House by either party.
Mr. HAYS. I hope the same privilege will
be allowed to gentlemen from the South.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire gentlemen to bear
in mind that it is not merely the special order,
the tariff bill, that I am struggling for, but in
voti ig to go on with the tariff bill gentlemen
are voting to go on with the funding bill, with
the internal tax bill, with the appropriation
bills. It stands first and in the way of every-
thing else, and therefore I feel it to be my
duty to press it.
Mr. FITCH. I suggest to the gentleman
! that if he will permit the discussion to pro-
ceed, then we can have a test vote, and can
determine whether the House means to grant
j lands to aid internal improvements or not.
| Mr. SCHENCK. Idoubtvery much whether
that can be done to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires that
gentlemen shall understand the precise con-
dition of the question. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has been properly recog-
nized Dy the Chair to test the question on going
into the Committee of the W hole on the state
of the Union on the special order. Should
that motion prevail this bill will necessarily
go to the bottom of all the bills upon the
Speaker's table. It will be an engrossed bill
; on its third reading. It will not come up as
i unfinished business, because the law of un-
! finished business applies only to that on which
j the House is engaged at the time of adjourn-
ment.
1 Mr. HOLMAN. Will not the bill go over
i on the motion to recommit?
; The SPEAKER. The motion pending is a
motion to refer, but the bill itself is on its
third reading. Being a Senate bill, it occupies
precisely the same position as a bill to be en-
grossed.
Mr. FITCH. Then I hope the House will
vote down the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House shall vote
down the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and second
the demand for the previous question, I desire
to know if the friends of the bill will be enti-
tled to one hour to discuss the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There would be nobody
entitled to one hour if the previous question
should be seconded. The rule allowing one
hour after the seconding of the previous Ques-
tion applies only to measures reported from
committees. This being a bill from the Speaker's
table, when the previous question is seconded
it will bring the Hoase directly to a vote on
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. On the mo-
tion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
will operate until the bill is disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no disposition to
cut off a, matter of so muoh interest to so many
gentlemen here. If I can get unanimous con-
sent that the House shall meet in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union at half
past seven o'clock this evening, to go on with
the special order, I am willing to withdraw my
motion now.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
The SPEAKER. That can.be settled by a
majority vote of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Imove,then,thattheHouse
meet this evening at half past seven o'clock
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio that that motion can
only be made at the time when the House
desires to take a recess. It cannot be made
in advance. The gentleman can make the
motion at the hour when he desires the House
to take a recess.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps I can get unan-
imous consent to make the motion sow.
Mr. STILES. I object.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is that the House shall meet this even-
ing at half past seven o'clock in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the tariff bill. An arrange-
ment of that kind at this stage of the proceed-
ings Would require unanimous consent, and the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanes] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles]
object. The gentleman can at any given time,
when he desires the House to take a recess,
make the motion, the motion applying eo in-
stanti.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will rely on the
friends of the bill to give me the floor for that
purpose, and I withdraw my motion.
BANKING FACILITIES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1900) to
increase banking facilities, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the committee, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT IN OREGON.
Mr. ROOTS. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for the House will now resume the con-
sideration of the bill of the Senate No. 396,
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
j railroad and telegraph line from Portland to
Astoria aud McMinnville, in the State of Ore-
gon. The gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch]
is entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. FITCH. I yield five minutes of my
time to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
, Sargent.]
Mr. S ARGENTi Mr. Speaker, knowing as
I do that the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch,] in whose time I am speaking, will ably
discuss the questions raised by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmah,] I do not wish
to go at large into the consideration of this
question. But I watat to say, however, emphat-
ically that the proposition to cease giving any
aid by the donation of waste public lands to
construct railroads through the portions of the
country which are now sparsely inhabited
should not come from a gentleman who rep-
resents here one of what were once properly
called the "western States." Those States
have already had their great system of internal
improvements built up by means of just such
grants of public lands as the gentleman now
condemns so strongly. Those States have had
their cake and eaten it.
Mr. HOLMAN. What States, I would ask?
Mr. SARGENT. The State' of Indiana,
among others. One of the very first grants of
j land for public improvements ever made by
| the Congress of the United States was that to
the Erie and Wabash canal, a solid belt for
! five miles'along its entire line of hundreds of
j miles. Without that grant of land that great
improvement would not have been built.
j Mr. HOLMAN. I am not aware 
] Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is not aware I
Well, I will tell him, but I will not yield to
him. I have but five minutes in all, and the
gentleman, with an hour of time, refused to
yield to me. Let us see what Congress has
done for the gentleman's State. The State of
Indiana has an area of 21,637,760 acres. Con-
gress has granted to it for its public and local
improvements the following iands, as appears
from the Land Office reports of 1867 :
Acret.
Wabash canal   1,439,279
Military and other purposos 1,311,956
Swamp lands 1,283.653
Internal improvements   1,609.861
For schools -  650,317
For university 
Seats of government 
Individuals, companies, and private claims,. 479.8a>
Total   .6,803,531
Thus Congress has granted to the State of
Indiana almost one third of the entire lands
of the State. In addition to this there was a
grant to the State of the proceeds of certain
■ public lands for aid in the Cumberland road ;
and by the aet for the benefit of agricultural col-
