2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
case3 would bo oxcluded from jurisdiction which
liavc been practically cognizable in the probate
courts, and which it cannot he supposed the Legisla-
ture intended to leave unprovided for. Many aliens
reside for years within the Commonwealth without
bocoming inhabitants of any town or county; for
the term inhabitant imports many privileges and
duties which aliens cannot enjoy or be subject to;
and yet such persons often make wills which are
proved and allowed here, and lawfully, because they
are residents in some particular county."
Again, after showing that this testator had
changed his domicilefrom one place to another,
and that the burden ofproofthereupon changed
upon the party who maintained he had changed
it a second time, the chief justice says:
" For this"—
That is, for the proof that he had changed
his domicile the second time—■
" they rely upon the solitary fact of residence in
Boston during the winter from the year 1822 to the
time of the testator's death, and especially that he
was there dwoliing in a house of his own, with his
usual establishment of equipage and servants, when
he died. It has been shown, wo think, that the
place of the death alone has no bearing upon the
question, and it is certain that the place of birth is
equally inconsiderable, except to furnish a pre-
sumption or prima facie evidence of domicile, whioh
in this case has been amply rebutted. Thero is no
ovideneo of any intention to remain in Boston be-
yond the winter months."
And again, after referring to some English
cases, lie says:
"But wo think that without reference to the law
of domicile thotruo construction of our ownstatuto
will settlotho question in tbo present case. _ The term
inhabitant, as used in our laws and in this statute,
mcansjomethinK more than a person having a dom-
icile. It imports citizenship and municipal relations,
whereas a man may have a domicile in a country to
which ho ii alien, and where ho has no political
relations. As if an American citizen should go to
London or X'aris with an intention to romain thoro
in business for tho rest of his life ; or if an English
or French subject should eome here with tho same
intention; thoy would respectively acquire a dom-
icile in the country inwhich they should so live, but
would have no political relation except that of local
nliogianco to such country. An inhabitant, by our
Constitution and laws, is ono who, being a citizen,
dwells oi- has his homo in some particular town
whero lie has municipal lights and duties, and is
subject to particular burdons; and this inhabitancy
may exist or continue notwithstanding an actual
resideneo in another town or another county; pro-
vided the absence is not so long or of such a naturo
as to interrupt or destroy the municipal relation
ln'oviou&ly formed."
This opinion presents the clearest definition
I know of tho word ''inhabitant." And now,
sir, the question ia, Was Mr. Ames, at the time
ho was chosen, an inhabitant of the State of
Mississippi within the moaning of the word
" inhabitant," as defined by this clear exposi-
tion of Massaehusetts's greatest chief justice?
Conceding, for the purpose of the argument,
what is very doubtful from the facts, that he
was a ''resident "of Mississippi, the question
remains, was ho an •' inhabitant?"
It is to bo borne in mind that General Ames
never went to Mississippi of his own volition,
nor did he so remain thero one hour prior to
his election. Ho was in the military service
of the United States. lie was ordered to Mis-
sissippi as he might have been ordered to Alaska.
From the first hour of his arrival in Mississippi
until some ten days after his election, when he
resigned, he wa3 not at liberty to leave the
State, and had he done so, ho would have com-
mitted a serious military offense, for which he
might have have been tried and punished. lie
was, therefore, not even a resident of the State
of Mississippi more than he would have been
had he been kidnapped and taken to that State
and detained in prison until after his election.
But concede his residence, the question remains,
Was he an "inhabitant " of that State within
the legal meaning of that word? Was he sub-
ject to the performance of any municipal duties,
or did he sustain any political relations to the
people or government of that State? To say
that ho was an inhabitant is to pervert, every
fact in the case. Why, sir. the constitution of
perhaps every State in this Union contains a
provision declaratory of the general principle
for which I contend. The constitution of Wis-
consin, article five, section four, provides as
follows:
"No person shall bo deemed to have lost his
residence in this State by reason of his abseneo on
business of the United States or of this State."
Section five provides :
" Wo seaman, soldier, or marine in the Army or
Navyof the DnitedStates shall be deemed arcsident
of this State in consequence ofbeing stationed within
the same."
Of course the constitution of Wisconsin has
no effect of its own force upon this subject.
But it is the enunciation of a general principle
of American law.
Mr, THURMAN. It is so in almost every
constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think so; it is
declaratory.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state to the
Senator that there is no such clause in the
Constitution of Mississippi, and the inference
would be that if that provision were not in the
constitution of Wisconsin the other view would
be the law.
Mr. CARPENTER. That suggestion—I say
it in all kindness—would be excellent in a jus-
tice court, but it will not do here. The consti-
tution of Wisconsin and the constitution of
Mississippi are worthless as determining the
right of Qeperal Ames to a seat in this body.
I simply refer to the constitution of Wisconsin
to borrow its language for the expression of a
general principle. 1 do not claim that it has
any binding force, nor would a similar provis-
ion in the constitution of Mississippi be of any
consequence. But those provisions show it to
be the general understanding in this country
that the doctrine of the English law obtains
here; and that an officer in the Army being
ordered from one State to another does not
thereby lose the residence he had, nor acquire
a new one. Tho reason is that there is nothing
in this to show any determination on the part
of the officer to change his residence. The
centurion has said " go" and he has gone, as
lie would have gone elsewhere had he been
ordered elsewhere. The Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] says that when GeneralAme3
found himself in Mississippi ho was in i'act a
resident there, no matter what the technicalities
of the case may be. I deny that in a legal or
constitutional sense General Ames became even
a resident of Mississippi by going there in obe-
dience to the order of his superior officer—
going in blind obedience to an order he could
not question or disobey. But, for the argument,
let us concede that this did give General
Ames a residence in Mississippi, then the Sen-
ator from Oregon says it was only necessary
for him to add an intention to remain thero,
and that made him an inhabitant of Mississippi.
Very well, sir; let this, too, be conceded.
Then the question recurs, did General Ames,
prior to his election, even entertain in his own
mind the unqualified intention permanently to
remain in Mississippi? Upon this mere ques-
tion of fact the statement of General Amos to
the Judiciary Committee is conclusive against
him. A good deal of captious criticism has
been passed upon this report. It has been
construed with great strictness, and when Sen-
ators stated in the debate the representations
which General Ames made to the committee
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. IIowap.d]
protested against the facts being stated here.
He protested against the Senator l'roin New
York or anybody else stating what the facts
were unless they were also embodied in the
report. Why, Mr. President, the Judiciary
Committee have no more right to violate the
Constitution by seating an ineligible member
by erroneous report, than the Senate has to
do tho same thing by its vote; and if by inad-
vertence or otherwise the report does not
fully state the facts they should be stated to
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. What I said was this: that
the Judiciary Committee in their report had
stated that it was the intention of General
Ames not only to become a candidate for the
Senate, but to remain and reside in Mississippi.
Such was unequivocally hie intention, and that
was the conclusion of fact to which the com-
mittee came. I had a right, therefore, to hold
the committee to the very letter and.meaning
of the language which they had employed.
They had found a special verdict on this mat-
ter ; they had found the facts in this case, and
stated those facts in their own language; and
I was discussing the question upon the basis of
their finding, to which I supposed I had the
right to hold them upon every principle of law
and reason.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
allow me one moment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at present. I want
to pay my respects to that statement right
here.
Mr. CONKLING. I simply desire to read a
part of this report to the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not care what the
report is for the present purpose. I wish to
answer the Senator from Michigan upon the
theory that the report is what he understands
it to be.
Let me thank the Senator from Michigan for
bringing so clearly and distinctly to the mind
of the Senate the spirit in which this debate is
being conducted, and the line of discussion
adopted upon matters recently presented by
the Judiciary Committee. The Senator from
Michigan does not seem to care a picayune
whether General Ames is entitled to his seat
or not; he wants to defeat the Judiciary Com-
mittee. He has a right, he says, to hold the
Judiciary Committee to their report.
Does the Senator from Michigan suppose
that the Judiciary Committee have any pur-
pose to keep General Ames from his seat if he
is entitled to it-? Or does he suppose that the
committee have any desire or feeling in this
matter except tliatwhichshonldbeentertained
by every Senator on this floor? Or does the
Senator desire to pass over the question whether
General Ames should or should not be admitted
to his seat, and substitute for it the wholly im-
material question whether the Judiciary Com-
mittee have or have not committed a blunder
in their report ? He seems to regard this dis-
cussion as though two parties like two litigants
in court—General Ames trying to get into his
seat and the Judiciary Committee trying to
keep him out. If the Senator could even show
that the Judiciary Committee have, through
carelessness, stupidity, or ignorance neglected
their duty and failed to present to the Senate
all the facts of the case, should tho omitted
facts, if sufficient to reject Mr. Ames, be dis-
regarded by this body and he be admitted to
his seat?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. CARPENTER. With pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not intend to pass
any unfair criticism upon the language of the
report, nor did I as a matter of fact. I read
the report containing the statement of General
Ames in the language reported by the com-
mittee, and I also read the note affixed to the
language of General Ames as having come from
the committee. The committee say in this
note : " The intentions thus declared were not
only tg become a candidate for the Senate, but
to remain and reside in Mississippi." I ask
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin whether
that statement is true or false ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, Mr. President,
suppose it to be false ; suppose it to be entirely
unfounded.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I do not mean
to intimate that the committee would assert
anything they know to be false. I do not use
the word in any offensive sense.
Mr. CARPENTER. No; I do not think
any Senator could say anything of the Judi-
ciary Committee that would be regarded as of-
fensive after what we have become accustomed
to hear. [Laughter.] The Senator from Indi-
