1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2161
ana [Mr. Morton-] the otHer day madea. speech
against some bill reported by the committee,
and after berating us for a long time he added
that he did not intend to let us off even as easy
as that, and proceeded another half hour in the
same strain. The whole course of discussion
upon measures presented by the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the last two or three weeks in this
body has been of a similar character. Never-
theless the committee proposes to continue in
the discharge of its doty, and to appeal from
the unfair* criticisms it meets in this body to
the ultimate judgment of the people.
Now, sir, of what sort of consequence is it
what is in or out of this report, if the factsare
fully before the Senate when they have to pass
upon this case ? The question now pending
before the Senate is whether or not General
Ames is entitled to his seat, and the question
of whether or not the report fully and suffi-
ciently states the facts of the case will never
be material until the Judiciary Committee shall
be arraigned before this body for incompe-
tency or dishonesty. I trust, however, that in
answering the Senator from Michigan upon
his own ground 1 shall not bo considered as
admitting that the report is at all defectivo.
I think it states the facts sufficiently. But
whether it does or not, it has been supple-
mented by_ oral statements from members of
the committee which bring all the facts to tho
mind and conscience of the Senate.
Now, sir, what are tho facts in relation to
General Ames's intention to become an inhab •
itant of tho State of Mississippi? And here I
shall add my understanding of what General
Ames stated to tho committee upon this sub-
ject. As 1 have before said, every Republican
member of tho committee desired, if possible,
to find General Amos eligible. 1 know that the
Senator from Vermont [Air. Edmunds ] enter-
tained that desire; and after General Ames's
statement had been rcduccd to writing that
Senator, hoping that the answer would bo
favorable to General Ames, put to him the
question whether ho would have remained in
Mississippi if he had not been olected to tho
Senate. To this General Ames replied that it
was doubtful whether ho should have remained
in that contingency. This was tho statement
of General Ames himself; and it is duo to him
1o state in this connection that his wholo
demeanor before the "Judiciary Committee
impressed as with the highest respect for his
integrity and character. He made no attempt
to conceal or color tho facts; he stated the
truth with the frankness of a soldier. And as
he would not make one hair black or white
himself to secure his scat, I am certain he
would look with contempt upon any effort of
the committee to strain the law for his benefit,
or upon tho vote of any Senator who should
ignore his proper constitutional obligations on
his behalf.
Now, sir, resting the case upon tho ground
where it was placed by the Senator from Ore-
gon, that General Ames going to Mississippi in
obedience to military orders became a citizen
of that State, and that there needed only to bo
added to that his unqualified determination to
remain there, still I say that General Ames's
own statement does not bring his case within
that Senator's rule. Ho could notand he would
not state to the Judiciary Committee that he
had formed the unconditional purpose, prior to
his election, to become an inhabitant of the
State of Mississippi; and suiting his conduct
to his purpose, he did not resign his place in
the Array until after he was elected to theSen-
ate. Had he been defeated in that canvass he
would not have resigned. His purpose, so far as
we can know it from his own lips, was simply
this: if he should be elected he would resign and
become an inhabitant of Mississippi: if not,
he would retain his place in the Army and fol-
low the roving and adventurous life of a sol-
dier. It is impossible for me to believe that
this satisfies the constitutional provision upon
this subject.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 136.
Mr. President, I have occupied the time of
the Senate much longer than I intended ; and
from various interruptions, and the profes-
sional habit of warming in debate, I have been
betrayed into a more earnest discussion of the
subject than is entirely suited to the absolute
indifference which 1 really feel as to the result
of this question after 1 have fully performed
my duty in that behalf. I have the highest
respect and admiration for General Ames, and
if, after this full performance of my_ duty, and
after my vote, which must be against him, a
majority of the Senate shall accord to him a
seat in this body, though I shall regard the
precedent as a bad and a dangerous one, and
though i shall believe that he has been admit-
ted to his seat through the bleeding sides and
broken ribs of the Constitution, nevertheless I
shall most cordially welcome him personally.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, 1 have been
somewhat surprised at the speech of my dis-
tinguished friend from Wisconsin. I have not
hoard during this discussion any assault made
upon tho Judiciary Committee, unless it be
regarded as an assault to differ from that com-
mittee. 1 believe the infallibility of that com-
mittee has not yet been proclaimed. That
question is still under discussion at Homo in
regard to the Pope. While I have   very great
respcct for tho members of that committee,
individually and collectively, yet it is my right
to dissent from them if I think they are in error.
1 do not tliiuk in advocating the right of Gen-
eral Ames to takoa seat in the Semite that I am
trampling upon tho Constitution of the United
States, that I am offering any indignity to the
Judiciary Committee.
But 1 must say that I think those who are
opposing the right of General Ames to take a
seat bore have wholly failed to make out a
case; and now that the Judiciary Committee
insists upon the strict letter of the law, 1 should
like to call tho attention of tho Senator from
Wisconsin to one principle of law that he seeing
to have overlooked, and as a lawyer he must
have a great regard for it; and that is, that
inasmuch as General Ames has been elected
by the Legislature of Mississippi, the presump-
tion of law is that ho is qualified te tako his
seat here upon taking tho oath.
Mr. CAKPKNTKH. The Senator will allow
mo ono word. I intended to allude to that
subject, but forgot it. Instead of recognizing
that as a principle, it strikes me as being one
of the most transparent fallacies over uttered
by a man. Why, sir, if the bare election of a
man raises a presumption in his favor, then
they might elect Mr. Coskuno to-morrow as a
Senator in tho place of General Amea, if we
should deny him a seat, and tho presumption
would bo that Mr. Coxkliko was a citizen of
Mississippi ! 1 deny any such presumption.
Mr. MORTON. That would be tho pre-
sumption precisely. The Senator may call it
a transparent fallacy; but the presumption of
law is, when ft man is elected to the Senate by
a State Legislature, that he is thirty years of
age, that he is an inhabitant of the State, and
has a right to take his seat. That is the prima
fade case, and it is for somebody to show the
contrary to tho Senate of the United States.
Who ever heard of a Senator, when ho came
here with his credentials, being called upon to
show that he was thirty years old or that he
was an inhabitant of the State ? That is always
taken for granted, unless somebody else comes
in and offers to show that he has uot got those
qualifications; and then it is for that party to
make out a ease.
The Judiciary Committee, it seems to me,
have committed the mistake of supposing that
they had put upon General Ames the burden
of showing that he was an inhabitant of Mis-
sissippi. The burden is upon them to show-
that he is not, and they should do that by a
fair preponderance of the evidence. It ia not
sufficient for them to raise a doubt, but they
must show by a fair preponderance of the evi-
dence that he is not a citizen; for the presump-
tion of law is, and the Senate always acts upon
it, and has done so ever since its organization,
that no State will elect a man who ia not thirty
years of age, is not a citizen of the United
States, and is not an inhabitant of the State
from which he comes.
Mr. THURMAN. "Will the Senator allow
me to ask who has denied and where is it de-
nied that, prima facie, a person elected to the
Senate is qualified?
Mr. MOHTON. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin denied it a moment ago.
Mr. THUR1IAN. No, sir; the Judiciary
Committee denied no such presumption at all.
The presumption is that he is qualified. The
Judiciary Committee report upon the facts.
When you have the testimony, then there is no
room for presumption.
Mr. MORION. It will be seen at once that
the learned doctors upon the committee do not
agree among themselves. The Senator from
Ohio now admits that the presumption is in
favor of the qualification of the person elected
a Senator, while the Senator from Wisconsin
says that that is the most transparent fallacy
in the world. The Senator from Ohio is right;
that is the presumption of the law ; and it is
incumbent on those who deny the right of
General Ames to take the seat to make out
the case against him, and I say they must make
it out by the fair preponderance of the evidence
and not simply by raising a doubt. All that
they can claim to do in this case is to raise a
doubt, and a very slight one at that; and I shall
show, I think, before 1 get through, that it is no
doubt at all.
1 propose now to examine the grounds upon
which the argument against General Ames is
based, and 1 will first consider the position
occupied by the Senator from Ohio who spoke
yesterday. 11c put the objections against Gen-
eral Ames, first, on the ground that no officer
in the military service can acquire a new resi-
dence or a new domicile. I cannot state that
better than by reading what the Senator said.
Mr. THUR11AN. The Senator states my
proposition too broadly. I said that by the
common law he could not when in active ser-
vice, but that he could by getting leave of
absence, which made him for the time suijuris.
Mr. MORTON. I am speaking of active
service. I will read what the Senator said.
1 simply want to understand the basis on which
these objections are made. The Senator from
Ohio said:
" Wo arc brought right to tho question whether or
notUcmeral Ames was an actual inhabitant, within
tho moaning of tho law, of tho State of Mississippi,
ana whether ho^ was so. animo manendi, with tit©
intention of remaining there. That brings us to an-
other principle equally as well settled : and that is
that no person who, in tho language of the law is
&itb potentate (dterius, can by his own act acquire a
domicile. jno person who is under the dominion of
anothorean acquire a domicile by his own act. Ilence
a./me covert cannot acquire a domicile, and why?
JJceansc she is sub potentate viri. A minor cannot
bceauao ho is under tho dominion of his father • and
Wdon.tHr9rt. apprentice cannot, because he is
undei tho dominion of las master. So an officor in
actual service, according to the great weight of au-
thority, cannot acquire adomieile by hisown action."
i he Senator says this is by "the great, weight
0l authority." I would remark that no Senator
has been able to show a single authority for it
during this discussion. There may be many
authorities m support of it, but no onehas found -
a single authority and brought it here The
authorities offered by the Senator from New
Xorlt yesterday do not sustain it: On the con-
trary, they sustain the other position. They go
, 13 P0'0') ^at by merely sending an officer
ot the Army to another point, ordering him, for
example, from Washington to Mississippi, you
Uo not thereby make Mississippi his residence.
Ihe Government cannot make a residence for
mm, but his own purpose must combine with
that ot the Government. In other words, he
must make it his residence by his own consent
and adoption. That is the extent of all tho
authorities. No authority has ever said that a
military officer cannot make his residence any*
where he pleases. I venture to say that no
