1870.
THE COMMtKSSSON'AIi GLOBB.
8105
taMg three hundrad aod ninety thonaabdMMto
lvinr in other States, someof which has
been selected in my own State. After this lib-
eral supply from the public lands to his State
the attitude of the gentleman from Indiana is
refreslii ngly modest. But this is not all. 1 ho
State of Indiana, for a part of which the gen-
tleman 8peaks upon this floor, has beta* bene-
fited by this system of land grants not merely
for the construction of its great canal and
otherwise, as I have named, but on account of
the intimate connection of its business interests
with Illinois it has also received vast benefits
from the immense land grants whioh have been
made by Congress to that State.
Does the gentleman from Indiana propose
that his State shall give back to the United
States the land which it has received and used
to bring its farmers to markets and build up
its prosperous cities? Perhaps he intends to
pay the Government for that land. The grants
his State has received were considered by In-
diana a good thing when it was building np
the improvements within its borders'—when, it
was then the almost wilderness that the State
of Oregon is to-day. Indiana was then in need
of these public improvements, which could be
built only by means of these grants. TheBe
are now Indianas still further west that await
development. The influences that shall arrest
that development ought not to come from the
gentleman's State.
One word in regard to the. policy of land
grants for railroads in the future. If they cart
be carefully guarded, as this bill is, so that while
they construct roads the lands shall also go to-
the settlers in limited quantitiesat small prices,
then I am in favor of them. No settler wants
lands so distant from a market and so inacces-
lible that he cannot dispose of his crop and
get the necessaries of life in exchange. The
fault of the system heretofore has been that
the grants have been made without restrictions
to the companies, which could hold them indefi-
nitely for a rise in value. By this means mo-
nopolies have been created abd the settlers kept
from the lands except on the even sections.
But we propose to change all that, and do 80
by this bill. We compel the companies to sell
the lands only to actual settlers at not more
than $2 50 per acre, and in lots of not more
than one hundred and sixty acres.
The only-difference k makes to the settler
is that he pays double minimum for his land;
but the proximity of a railroad is certainly art
advantage that counterbalances the price. Thia
system will bless the region thai: enjoys it.:
The gentleman's blind rage does not discrim-
inate between this system and that which was
Derestricted, and would leave the vast West
that needs development a wilderness for the
long future.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hodman]
alaosaysthat the lands along the Union Pacific
sow sell for ten dollars pec 'acre. The lands
that bring that price most be of a very: limited
quantity; but if any are worth that it is the
road that has given, the valfce, for without it
they would be worthless-i Under this bill the
lands can never realise'b t $2 50 per acre to
the company, even if the road makes them
worth $100 per acre. ■ ■ • -  
The gentleman from New-York [Mr. Woo©]
in opposing the policy of land grants has
given a reason that well ertcbiisbes their pre
pritty, and shows that they are honestly ubed
for the purpose of raising the capital for the
construction of the roads. If they arte the only
security that can be furnished to ran roads ia
oar thinly-settled regions, and do secnce that
capita), then their propriety cannot be (jaes-
tioned if they are properly guarded. We must
draw this capital from- Europe, and employ
intelligent means for that purpose. • In the far
"est we have limited capital. The eastern
States cannot furnish all we need , and we must
look to Eusope. Unless railroads are a curse
any means to secure them that does not cripple
o*r resources or oppress our people should be
41bt Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 195.
employed. meQrM^tfeap
are thi gr«at instrumentality for the:develop*
meat or the country^ and are-becoming the;
pioneers ofi£u-reaching civilisation.
Mr. FITCH. Mb. Speaker, the policy of
gran tang lands te aid in theoonstrtotion ef rail-',
roads has beOn ikvored for many years by the
representatives of both political parties. It ia
a policy which has been fruitful of most benefi-
cent results, and which has been accompanied
by hut few abuses.. If continued it ) promises
to create more States and contribute yet more
largely to the wealth aud population of the
countryv Bat it is demanded now that this
policy shall cease) sod that: hereafter, all the
public land shall be reserved for hdmeatead
and: preemption settlers.. .
Sir, it is not the homestead*seeker nor the
man who proposes in good faith to beeomea I
preemption Bettler who helps to swell this 1
new-born clatoor against railroad land grants.
The farmer- who- has. erected his household
gods in the wilderness will never complain if
we give the adjacent land to a company which
constructs a road to his door. The -man who
purposes to acquire a homestead will never
build his cabin outside the limits of a railroad
grant if 1m can find land within those limits.
The voice that now. makes,itself heard upon
this flow,'crying aloud against the. develop-
ment of ate country by means of railroad land
grants, is not the voice of the pioneer, but of
political partisans, who see-signs of tempest on
die horizon and cast about for planks with
which to strengthen their-rival cockle-shells.
I beg uf them not to tear those planks from
, the sides of our good ship of progress, and 1
I call upon gentlemen on both sidesof the House
: to reflect, and they will readily see that uo sob*
I stantial partisan advantage can be gained by
assisting in the proposed destruction. In
thickly-settled States wherethereis no puMio
land to give for public impFdveibents.it iseasy
enough to mislead the- unthinking by.denono-:
cing all donations of the public domaaDj But
who can be benefited by such denunciation ?
If & Democratic comity or State convention
shall, bait a hook for voters with a resolution
against land grants theJiepublican convention
in the same'localitjrwiU be apt to do the sdme
thing. If Bepublioan clubs passfiro thy declara-
tions against farther grants of public- land
Democratic clubawill Barely paes longer and
stronger aud more frothy declarations upon, the
some subject; and while partisans tlwaexpef-
imdnt in manufacturing factitious publicaenti-
EQBtit to meet supposititious party exigencies,
«hey will strike-down the arras of their party
friends everywhere, and smite with paralyzing
po w the gcawth of the West and South.
Sir, if the Democrats upon 'this floor shall
concur with the Democrataat theofcher end of
the Capitol, and following the lead of the, dis-
tinguished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi/>
max, J shall vote against further landigrants to
railroads, they will furnish the Republicans of
the South ami the West, said the Pacific coast
with a powerful electioneering document. I
dare say they ma; do it. It willbe in accord'
anee with their policy for ten years past. I da
sot menu their land-grant policy, but their
political policy. The leaders of the Demo-
cratic party seem to have a genius for doing
the wrong thing, at the wrong time. . They are
gifted in. the line- of presenting as party prin-
ciples the weakest side of the weakest prop-
ositions. - If it were not for their limitless
capacity ia this direction and their untiring
industry in furnishing us weapon* with which
to strike them, we might not have so large- a
majority upon this floor to-day.
o But* sir, I am not here to offer advice to the
gentlemen en- my left. > I am here as a western
Kepnblican, bo entreat my party friends from
the country east of the Mississippi not to yield
to the artificial clamor against cailrosd land
grants, created by a few men who do not know
or who.do not care hrfw macb the land-grant
system has developed the western coentary.
Whea l ask that this system may fee continued
and extended I Advocate no interest of monop-
olist' ot speculator. I plead the cause of the
settler against desolation; of the poor against
poverty; ef the landless against the monopoly
of the Indian savage; of civilization agaiust
stagnation) ef a debt; burdened country against
a policy which would delay solvency by ob-
structing development.
The States east of the Mississippi river con-
tain tbirtyfive million people and 42,710,982.20
acres of publio land. The States and Territo-
ries west of the. Mississippi, excluding Alaska,
oontaia live million people and 684,036,581.74
acres ef public land.
. To state the case is to argue it, Is it not to
the interest of the nation that all the Territo-
ries should become States, and that the States
west <Jf the Mississippi river should be as
densely populated as those east ef that river ?
It it not to the interest of the nation that the
land should be cultivated; that its resources
should be developed; that its tax-paying capa-
cities should be increased? Sir, there is no
part of the country but has a directlocal inter-1
est as well as a national interest in such devel-
opment. It is your boys and girls, the adven-
turous and energetic of your people, the pride
of yotor households, who turn their faces every
yew toward the setting.sun, and. who do not
forget you, although as.age crbeps on your
visions sometimes contract and your minds
do not always expand, and tbeneeds and the
hopes of your children in the great West are not
always elear to you. But we eau appeal to
your interests not less than to yotir magnan-
imity. Would Now England obtain a larger
market for the creations of her looms? Would
New York seek other and wider affluents to
enrich the stream of bee commerce ? Would
Pennsylvania .receive. more extended orders
for the product of her. furnaoes,? Would the
South gain new customers for her peculiar
productions? . Would Ohio and Indiana and
Illinois procure mare purchasers for the frnits
of thdir varied and growing industries?* All
these mfcy be found id the Battlement- and de-
velopment of that vast tfbidk stretches
in almost unoccupied desolation! from the Mis-
souri to the Pacific. ,
' The great army of occupation has stopped
on the banks of the Missouri wad the Sacra*
men to. Betweenthesetwo rivers civilization
lias picketed some settlements, but they are
few.and for between. The riches of thia land
are very great. The forests of Oregon, and
Washington, and eastern California) the pat-
tare* of Nevada, acid Utah* and Colorado, and
Wyoming jtbe prairies of Kansas, tad- Ne-
braskaySnd Dakota, and New Mexico, and Ari-
bob*:? the mineral .wealth of the Sierras and
the Rocky moUdtftins—all these toft spread oet
ut unclaimed and unavailable affluence. There
arebeds of salt sod soda, and lakes of borax
and sulphur, aud mowntaios veined with silver
and gold and copper and lead. There is op-
portunity, ft*,alteost indefinite expansion of all
the industrial pursuits of mat). Virgin fields
and home markets await thg husbandman.
Unused pdwers and equable climate invite the
mamufaetwer. The Indies afod the northern
seas open untried- ventures td the merchant.
New combinations of metftls demand the assay-
er'soruoible. The application of new remedies
to old' diseases and- old principle^ to new con-
ditions challenge physician and lawyer Yo-
Semite defies the artist's pencil. Shasta woos
the poet's lyres. - Theruins of empires pusszle
the antiquarian's research, 4b<1 the promise of
empires fires the pbilospher'e thought. The
very elements, are rich id resources.. From
internal fires which project through the earth
a. perpetual supply of steam fit for motive
power; pastalkaWelakes, whose wfcvea could
be transformed into refined saleratuS, down to
the red rocks of San Francisco bay, which are
ground into paint* there is wealth in fire and
water and earth. And yet this-land, with, all its
riches, stretches away from arctic to tropic seas
