1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4993
Mr. SHERMAN. It was agreed a few mo-
ments ago among several Senators that we
should go on until twenty minutes after four,
and by that time we shall have got through
the free list and have it substantially out of the
way.
Mr. CONKLING. I never heard of any
such agreement, and it could not have been
done by those who sympathize with me in the
motive I hare for moving an executive session,
and therefore I insist on the motion now, and
ask the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. SUMNER, called for the yeas and nays,
and fliey were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
sin, Drake, Ronton, Hamlin, Harlan, Howell, ICei-
McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomcroy,
1-Vntt, llicc. Sohurz, Spraguc, Stewart, Thayer,
V/aincr, and "Williams—28.
NAYS—Messrs.JJayard,Boreman, Cassciiy,Davis,
Edmunds, Ifowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris, Johnston. McCreery, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
rill of Vermont, Robertson, Sawyer,Scott, Sherman,
Stockton, Sumner, Ttiurman, Vickers, ffiiley, and
Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brown'.ow,
Cattell, i'erry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard. Howe,Lewis, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Hovels, Iloss, Saulsbury, Spencer, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Yates—21.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After an hour spent therein the
doors were reopened, and the Senate took a
lecess until half past seven o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that I shall
have much opportunity to get up the Duluth
hill, but my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Me-"
doxald] gave notice to-day that lie would call
mi his steamship bill to-night.
* Mr. POMEROY. I should like to offer an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
tax bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I move to postpone all
inior orders for the purpose of considering the
Oriental Steamship Company bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. The unfinished business
is the tax bill, and that is more important.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the busi-
ness before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall ask a vote on any
motion to lay it aside, to ascertain whether
there is a quorum present or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have come to
that part of the tax bill where there are no
amendments, and it will take some time to
read it. I suggest that we go right on without
calling for a division.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was merely preserving
the order of the Senator's bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on with the
tax bill, the reading of which lias now reached
a part where there are no amendments reported.
Mr. McDONALD. If the chairman of the
Committee on Finance and the Senate will
give unanimous consent to considering the bill
I have named at the next evening session I
will withdraw my motion now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent that on Fri-
day evening at half past seven o'clock the Sen-
ate consider the Oriental Steamship bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Arkansas to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. McDONALD. For the present.
Mr. STEWART. I give notice that I have
not given up the idea of passing the bill to pro-
hibit contracts for servile labor, though I have
not called attention to it for a day or two.
41st Cong. 2d Src?s.—No. 313.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a bill, which has
been reported unanimously from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, to suppress the
sale of intoxicating liquors in the District of
Columbia, and I shall embrace an early oppor-
tunity, probably the next evening meeting we
have, to call up that bill.
Mr. WILSON. Some two weeks ago I made
a report from the committee of conference
on the bill for the reduction of the Army, and
I have given way to the franking privilege bill,
then to one or two appropriation bills, and
now to this tax bill; and when this tax bill is
through I intend to ask a vote of the Senate
on that report.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow morning duiing the morning hour,
or, if it please the Senate better, on the follow-
ing day, I shall seek the floor to address the
Senate for a few minutes on the subject of the
present condition of the lands on the sea islands
of South Carolina.
AMENDMENTS TO BILLS.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. RAMSEY submit-
ted amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 21G5) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,18TX, and for other
purposes ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOWE gave notice of an amendment
intended to be offered by him to the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 029) in relation to the con-
test between the people of Cuba and the Gov-
ernment of Spain ; which was ordered to be
printed.
bill introduced.
Mr. FOWLER asked, andbyunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
102G) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities of A. 0. P. Nicholson and W. C. Whit-
thorne, of Maury county, Tennessee; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, and ordered to be printed.
TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill (H. R. No.
2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, which is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk. 'The next amendment
proposed by the Committee on Financo is, in
line seventy-seven of section forty-eight, to
strike out the words "rough diamonds so
as to read: " Diamond dust or bort."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. SHERMAN. It yields us over one hun-
dred thousand dollars; and we do not want to
give up the revenue. The House bill puts it
on the free list. We get ten per cent, under
the old tariff.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, in line eighty-one of the section,
to strike out the words "pulp of" and to in-
sert other grasses and pulp of for the manu-
facture of paper ;" soastoread: "Espartoor
Spanish grass and other grasses, and pulp of,
for the manufacture of paper."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, after line one hundred and eight
of the section, to insert "Iron pyrites."
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee propose
to withdraw that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
garded as withdrawn.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was to insert, after line one
hundred and thirteen of the section, "Kryo-
lite."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and twenty-three of section forty-eight of the
House bill, before "timber" to strike out
"manufactured" and insert "round;" so as
to read: "Logs and round timber not other-
wise provided for and ship timber."
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and thirty-one of the section toinsert
"or of antimony or crude sulphuret of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline one hundred
and fifty-five of the section, after "agricul-
ture" to strike out the words "or especially
imported for cultivation, and not for sale;" so
as to read: "Plants, trees, shrubs, roots, seed
cane, and seeds imported by the Department
of Agriculture."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
one hundred and eighty-three, as follows:
"Sulphur, or brimstone crude."
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to, and I will briefly state my
reasons.
Sulphur is an article which is not pi-oduced
in this country at all that I am aware of, except
in California. The deposits of sulphur in Cal-
ifornia are not brought in competition with the
sulphur which is used on the Atlantic coast.
This article enters largely into the composition
indirectly of the fertilizing substances which
are manufactured from deposits of phosphate
of lime which are found in the State I have the
honor in part to represent. The duty on it. if
I remember rightly, is three cents a pound, or
six dollars per ton. The duty upon this arti-
cle, as well as upon sundry other articles that
enter into the composition of the fertilizers of
commerce which are prepared from the deposits
of phosphate of lime that are found in different
parts of the country and especially in South
Carolina, is so large that the manufacture of
these fertilizers is attended with great difficulty
indeed.
Although we have in the State of South Car-
olina two hundred square miles under which
lie deposits of phosphate of lime of almost un-
paralleled richness, costing but a very small
amount of labor to bring them to the surface,
the manufacture of those deposits into the fer-
tilizers of commerce is so expensive under the
present system of duties that we can afford
better to send the crude deposit to England,
have it manufactured there, and returned to our
shores for sale, than to make it ourselves.
In this manufacture the duty on the sulphur
plays a very important part; but this is not all
the reason for keeping sulphur on the free list.
Sulpuricacid is very largely used in the arts.
Sulphur may be regarded a3 a raw material,
and the policy of the Government has been
generally to introduce raw material free.
I hope, even in view of the doctrine of pro-
tection, that we shall get the protection which
free sulphur affords to this infant manufacture
of fertilizers which are so largely used in our
agriculture. It is in behalf of agriculture that
I ask that this article may be included in the
free list.
We have opened this new branch of indus-
try in our State, which we desire to see pros-
per. If we can get the duty off sulphur and
one or two other articles which enter into the
composition of the product which is made
from this deposit of phosphate of lime, I regard-
the discovery which has recently been made of
that deposit as of more value to the State of
South Carolina than a gold mine would be.
But if it costs, on the other hand, more to
manufacture that phosphate of lime into the
fertilizers of commerce than itwould be to buy
the fertilizers abroad, manufactured from bone
and other things which are found elsewhere
and introduced into the country, of course it
ceases to be valuable ; and sol trust this article
may be put on the free list.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to the fact that we have sulphur beds
