3106
^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29 j
in all the majesty of its desolateaess, pn&ctically
unclaimed and unpopulated because it is ut-
terly devoid of either natural or artificial chan-
nels of intercommunication.
Unlike Illinois and Indiana and Ohio, and
the entire valley of the Mississippi, it is almost
destitute of navigable waters. Unlike New
England and the middle States, it is measurably
without created means of communication with
commercial and manufacturing centers. You
chide Nevada sometimes because of her sparse
population; and you make the Pacific coast
feel very often how powerless its Representa-
tives are to protect the interests of their con-
stituents in this thronged Chamber. But if
we have lagged behind in the race of empire
it is because our path has been the path 01 the
pioneer, and aot that broad highway which
steam has hewed and paved for you. If you
will give us equal opportunities we will emu-
late you in the generous strife for growth.
What rould be expected ofaland without riven
or railroads except that it should furnish pas-
ture for the buffalo and hunting-grounds for
the Indian?
In such portions of this vast country as abound
in precious metala adventurous miners have
located and built towns ; and there the neces-
saries and comforts of life, the tools and ma-
chinery with which to extract the precious
metals from the rock, often, indeed, the very
lumber and shingles of their houses, are trans-
ported from the Pacific at a cost of one to five
hundred dollars in gold per ton. So long as
'his condition of things shall continue it is in
vain to look for a large permanent settlement
of this country. It will be occupied only by a
race of sojourners, by men who do not intend
to remain, who wUl not take their families with
them, and who will not seek to build up homes.
This vast area, capable of so much growth,
will continue to contain, as now, a few hundred
thousand nomadic people and hundreds of
millions of acres of public land, worthless for
settlement and valueless for revenue; land
upon which no settler will ever go, and over
which only the yell of the Indian and the cry
of the wolf will be heard.
If we would settle this country and make it
productive and populous we mnst have rail-
roads; short lines of railroads from mines to
timber and water; long lines of railroads from
the Colombia to the Colorado, and from the
Yellowstone to the Rio Grande; great trunk
railroads upon which mighty steeds, with steam-
flecked flanks, shall lMring toe Orient to our feet
through gates that face the sunset. If we would
have settlers we must furnish them with cheap
and rapid means of communication with tide-
water. If we would sell the public lands we
must create a market for them by making
them accessible. If we would have railroads
either the Government mnst build them, or
we must offer inducements to private capital
to build them; and if by giving up half the
land we can sell the other half, and settle a
tax-paying community upon all of it, it seems
to me we would benefit tbe Treasury, benefit
the people, and benefit the settler.
Sir, the genie who   to lift the borden of
taxation from this nation is sleeping in the
great West. His head is pillowed upon her
treasure-veined mountains, and his vast pro-
portions stretch along her valleys. He wants
but the lamp-rub of the congressional Aladdin
to spring to a toil that shall make the air
musical with the lowing of herds and the hum
of industry. He waits but the magic word to
smite the hills and oanse silver streams to gush
forth, streams as life-giving to progress as
were these of Horeb to the fainting Israelites.
But the exponent of this new policy of stagna-
tion says, ''Do notwakehim." The apostle of
this new doctrine of decay demands that the
hand of the magician shall be stayed, and that
we shall wait for the demands of commerce
and tbe exigencies of posterity.
Sir, it is idle to talk about " waiting for the
demands of commerce." Our western settle*
meets have never been tbe handmaidens of com-
merce, but commerce has rather followed upon
their track. There is no similarity even between
the conditions of their growth and the condi-
tions which encompass the country which we
now seek to develop. Those who settled the
Mississippi valley settled within a day's journey
by team of some water-course, upon which, how-
ever rudely or tediously, their produce could
be transported to market. But those who settle
west of the Missouri have no such advantage.
Let them go one hundred miles from the great
overland road and their farm products are
worthless for the want of cheap means of trans-
portation. Will it not be wise, then, to provide
an inlet fat settlement and a channel for com-
merce in the land so neglected by nature, and
left for its growth so utterly dependent upon
the enterprise of man?
The construction of railroads will also afford
a thorough and economical adjustment of the
Indian question. We have on the one hand
a misguided philanthropy which degenerates
iuto sickly sentimentality and finds its sequence
in deeds -of savage perfidy and outrage that
make the blood run cold. We have on the
other hand a spirit of retributive justice and
relentless hatred of the offending race, which
does not always, perhaps, discriminate in its
action, and which shocks the ears of unin-
formed civilization with the expression of its
belief that the good Indians are the dead
Indians. Sir, if we throw an iron lariat about
this vicious beast who demands nothing less
than that civilization shall stop her march in
order that the solitude of his hunting grounds
may not be invaded, we shall thereby speedily
solve the problem of " what to do with the
Indian." Tbe Shoshone and the buffalo will
be domesticated, the Apache and the panther
will be destroyed. Indian traders ana Army
contractors will lose their present profitable
vocations; but the Treasury will be relieved
from their assaults, and the public lightened of
the burden of their support.
If the swarthy, slothful, filthy, murderous
"wards of the nation " are ofa race so sacred
that they alone deserve exemption from the
operations of the primal curse; if the labor
of the land must be burdened, with their sup-
port, we can at least lessen the infliction and
the risk by giving them that support in locali-
ties nearer to jails and markets. We could
furnish every Indian in the country with a suite
of rooms at first-clan New York hotels with
less expense to the nation than is involved in
the present mode of dealing with them. We
had better bring them in from the plains and
forests of the West, and scatter them through
the Atlantic States, there to be maintained in
idleness, than to exclude the settler from those
plains and forests in order that the Indian may
receive his winter supply of provisions at fifty
cents a pound freight, and enjoy his summer
pastime of hunting buffaloes and emigrant
scalps.
If it is the experience of centuries that the
Indian cannot be domesticated, then it is time
for us to domesticate the idea that the con-
tinued existence of the Indian is by no means
necessary for any wise or beneficent purpose
whatever. Let die noble red man who exists
only in Fenimore Cooper's novels and Vin-
cent Colyer's fancy, and the dirty, degraded,
treacherous, cowardly, worthless, wicked, wild
human beast who exists, in fact, be banished
from our eastern literature and our western
frontier, and let ns have order and peace and
progress and a land of homes and harvests in
bis place.
I nave no sympathy with that policy which
would hold these lands for posterity. 1 have
no fears for those who may come aiW us. I
believe in the possibilities of science; I believe
in the growth of invention; I believe in the
resources of discovery. If the time shall ever
come when the population of this continent
shall be so vast that there will be only one
square rod of land for every human being, then
ehemical science will have developed processes
by which one square rod of land will support
every human being.
It has been urged that by continuing this
course of granting lands we will build up rail-
road land monopolies. If this be true, is not
the monopoly of the railroad better than tbe
monopoly of thePi-Ute and the coyote? There
is no great gain without some small loss ; and
I am no convert to the wisdom of that theory
which would exclude civilization from the
wilderness because vices and evils, as well as
virtues and benefits, accompany their progress.
Isolated effort and individual wealth are
unwilling to undertake and unable to accom-
plish great public works. The inevitable ten-
dency of both capital and labor is, therefore, to
centralization. Wherever capital is central-
ized by incorporations or associations there
monopoly is fostered. Wherever labor is cen-
tralized by trade-unions and cooperative man-
ufactories and stores there monopoly is fos-
tered. Whether in social or political life, it is
true that "in union there is strength." There
seems to be no adequate way of centralizing
human power so as to effect development or
accomplish great results without more or le3S
of monopoly. If this be the disease of an ad-
vanced civilization, there should be some bet-
ter and more philosophical remedy than to kill
the patient in order to get rid of the complaint.
Sir, I receive every day letters from my peo-
ple calling my attention to exactions made of
them by the Central Pacific Railroad Company.
They complain of high rates of fare and freight,
and ask that Congress shall interfere in their
behalf. I can only give them the answer that
Congress has not reserved to itself the right to
interfere; and perhaps I might add, if Congress
had reserved such right there might have been
no railroad to overcharge them. It would be
easy enough to build a railroad or obtain the
capital to build a railroad now with less than
one half the help which was given by Congress
to the Union and Central Pacific; but there
was a time when the Central Pacific was fight-
ing its way inch by inch up the steep sides of
the Sierras; when, with all its munificent en-
dowments of land and money and credit, ita
directors could scarcely borrow the money to
continue the work; when they begged the cap-
italists of San Francisco and New Yorkto sub-
scribe to their stock and share the risk and
the profits of building the road, and begged in
vain; when corporate and individual bank-
ruptcy stared them in the face, and those who
now court their favor went by upon the other
side, then perhaps the reservation in their
franchise of a right to control their rate of
charges might have turned against them that
scale which trembled in tbe balance in Wall
street, and Nevada might still be blessed with
the presence of the overland stage route.
But these Sacramento gentlemen succeeded;
they surmounted their day of difficulty; their
faith and perseverance were munificently re-
warded; they are millionaires; they own the
only highway between the Pacific and Salt
Lake; they are a monopoly; their manage-
ment is a close corporation. It is well no doubt
to denounce them for exacting a higher price
for freight and passage on their road than gen-
erosity or even sound business judgment would
commend, but it will be better to favor the
construction of two other railroads to the Pacific
and so help break down their monopoly. It is
certainly not logical or sensible to oppose any
grant of lands for further railroad improve-
ments, for additional lines to the Pacific and
branch lines running north and south, because
there may be other and further railroad monop-
olies.
It is better, at last to have a railroad monopoly
than to have no railroad at all. Sir, it is not
quite four years since I formed one of a party
of four gentlemen who journeyed on a political
pilgrimage into the Humboldt country in my
State. We were three weary days toiling over
the desert to make a trip of less than one hun-
