2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
such authority can be found. I am satisfied
the learning of the lawyers in this Senate who
oppose General Ames would have brought
these authorities forward if a single one could
have been found.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the case put here. The Senator from
Ohio likens the case of a military officer to
that of a married woman, and because a mar-
ried woman cannot choose a new domicile
therefore a military officer cannot. Is it be-
cause she is under the control of her husband?
Is that the theory of the law? Why cannot a
married woman acquire a new domicile ? It is
because the law proceeds upon the theory of the
unity of the marriage relation, and the husband
cannot acquire one domicile and the wife an-
other. That would break up the marriage con-
tract and the marriage relation. But the law
also provides that a married woman cannot
make a contract. She cannot make a contract
to bind herself or her husband. Does the
Senator say that an officer in the Army cannot
do that? Why can she not do that? Because
her, legal existence is merged in that of her
husband. And yet an officer of the Army has
every power to make a contract and to acquire
a residence, and to do anything that is not
inconsistent with the performance of his duty
to the Government.
Why, sir, according to the Senator from
Ohio an officer in the Army is a mere slave.
He can do nothing because he is under the
power and dominion of the Government, says
the Senator; and then he cites the case of a
child. He says that a child cannot acquire a
new domicile. Why cannot a child acquire a
new domicile? First, because of the theory
of the law of the unity of the family ; and
secondly and chiefly, upon the ground of the
presumed want, of capacity on the part of a
child to make a contract or to change his dom-
icile. The child can make no contract that
will bind him; he can avoid his contract except
for necessaries ; but will the Senator say that
an officer cannot make a contract to bind him ?
Again:
" Wo come, then, to tlio intention. Certainly, he
might liavc the intention to remain tuero; but the
intention without the inhabitancy, without the vol-
untary inhabitancy, will not, as I hare said, suffice.
Hero, m (ho nature of things, according to the great
weight of authority, it was impossible that General
Ames could have a voluntary inhabitancy in Mis-
sissippi when at any moment he was subject to the
orders of his Government to send him anywhere on
the face of this globe that it saw fit to order him to fro.
That, then, is the radical defect in his title, that ho
was not mi juris, and therefore could not by his own
act become a voluntary inhabitant. lie might have
the intention ever so strong, the desire ever so
strong, the purpose as strongly as youplease, bat yet
his inhabitancy there could not bo called voluntary
because ho was under the power of the Government,
and was sent there by the Government, and told by
tho Government to remain there."
Mr. President, I consider that position wholly
indefensible, contrary to all our experience,
contrary to the genius and spirit of the Govern-
ment. According to the Senator from Ohio a
military officer can do nothing. Why, sir, he
has just as much right to change his domicile as
to get married; and if the Senator from Ohio
is right he has no right to get married without
first getting a leave of absence, without first
getting a permit from the Government. Not
being sui juris, lie cannot get married !
The Senator from New York, who made a
very able and elaborate speech yesterday, in tho
conclusion, in reply to a remark made by the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice,] summed
up his position, which is in direct conflict with
that of the Senator from Ohio. If the Senator
from Ohio is right the Senator from New York
is exactly wrong, and if the Senator from New-
York is right the Senator from Ohio is pre-
cisely wrong. Now I will read what the Sen-
ator from New York said:
"Ibeg to say to the Senatorthat I musthaveheen
unfortunate in stating tho position which I hold in
this respect. I have not contended, nor do I insist
at all, that a man because in tho military service can-
not acquire a new residence when he pleases and
where he pleases."
That is the law undoubtedly. The Senator
is right.
" I know there are authorities saying that; hut I
do not say it; on the contrary, I insist that it does
not in anywaybelonsto this case. The two positions
which X hold I ean state in a single moment if the
honorable Senator will allow me to do so.
First, I hold that every person has an inhabitancy
somewhere. livery citizen of the Republic has aresi-
dence somewhere.
Now, I will say to my friend from New York
that I dissent from that statement. I think the
Senator from Ohio upon that point was exactly
right. I think persons may be in a condition
to have no domicile anywhere. The Senator
from Ohio stated the law correctly upon that
point. The Senator from New York said fur-
ther in this connection:
" Therefore I do not argue the case whether a man
who has no residence at all ean gain one. His ori-
ginal residence attends him, no matter how far he
wanders in foreign lands, nor how long his rambles
may be, until he puts an end to it and establishes
another.
'' Second, I maintain that a man in the military ser-
vice does not establish a residence by obeying an
order which takes him from one place to another and
by remaining under orders in that place."
The Senator is undoubtedly correct. That
mere fact never made a man an inhabitant.
That is the extent of his authorities that he
read from the English book, and nobody has
contended for a different doctrine here. The
mere fact of an officer going to Mississippi
under orders does not make him an inhabitant
of that State. His own purpose must after-
ward combine with that actual inhabitancy,
that actual residence there. The Senator from
Ohio said that he must go there voluntarily.
The Senator from New York, 1 think, said the
same thing in tho first pari of his speech, but
that would not be consistent with this part, it
is not necessary for him to go there voluntarily.
If General Ames had been kidnapped and car-
ried to Mississippi, and after he got there looked
around and liked the place pretty well and con-
cluded to make it his home and stay theie, it
would become just as much his residence and
his home as if he had gone there voluntarily.
It makes uo difference whether ho goes there
voluntarily or involuntarily ; the question is
when he is there does he conclude to make
that his home, and if he does that by an ex-
plicit declaration made in good faith, or if he
does it by aets that are unequivocal in them-
selves, then it becomes his home. It is- no
difference how he came to go there.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
one question based upon his illustration?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. C0NKL1NG-. Does he hold that if
General Ames had been, as he says, kidnapped
and carried to Mississippi, he might upon that
state of facts have established an inhabitancy
there merely by intention?
Mr. MORTON. If he had been detained
there in irons as the man was in jail, I believe
in one case cited yesterday, a mere intention
could not be made effective; but that was
clearly not the case. I am speaking of the
way in which he went there. I say it is wholly
immaterial; but if the Senator is right in the
concession just made, that a military officer
has a right to take up his residence where and
when ho pleases, to use his own language,
(and he certainly was right when he said that,)
then General Ames had a right to determine
his residence there by any act; and an explicit
declaration of his purpose, if it was not in
conflict with his conduct, would settle the ques-
tion in any court of law in the world.
Mr. CONKLING. But will not the honor-
able Senator be good enough to answer that
question whether, if he had been kidnapped
and carried there, the simple declaration of
intention would be sufficient?
Mr. MORTON. 1 think I did answer that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If he went out of jail and
remains afterward it would do.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly. But I answered
the case suggested. I concede that if he is
kept in jail, in duress all the time, it would not
do. Now, Mr. President, I come to the ques-
tion as to whether General Ames had signified
his purpose of making Mississippi his home. I
consider the objection, that a military officer
has no right to change his residence, swept
away. The concession made by the Senator
from New York on thatsubject, combined with
what is the universal experience in regard to
that and our understanding as to the rights of
military officers, and what must be the law in
a country like this, show that the argument of
the Senator from Ohio is entirely unfounded
in that respect, and I shall pass it by.
Mark you, Mr. President, I put the case that,
it is incumbent upon the committee or upon
those persons objecting to the right of General
Ames to show that he is not entitled to_his
place. The law presumes him to be qualified,
and it is for them to make out a case against
him. General Ames was almost unanimously
elected. Nobody contested his seat. As_ I
am informed, nobody came here from Missis-
sippi to deny his right to a seat. I understand
there are no objections on the part of anybody
in that State to his taking his seat here to rep-
resent that State in the Senate. Where does
the objection come from? Who makes this
objection? Not any of his constituents that
ever I heard of. It comes from nobody, so far
as I can understand, except from the com-
mittee. And now it is for the committee to
show affirmatively and clearly by a clear primet
facie case that he is not entitled; for, as I have
said before, if they raise a doubt, that is not
sufficient; it does not overcome the presump-
tion of law.
Now, I wish to refer to a little bit of evi-
dence brought in here yesterday. In the first
place I will say that the report made by the
committee clearly admits the right of General
Ames to take his seat. The conclusion is
adverse, but the facts show that he is entitled,
because the facts show that unconditionally
and without any contingency General Ames
had formed and announced the purpose before
his election to leave the Army, make Missis-
sippi his home, and cast in his lot with those
people. That is shown by the report. The
Senator from New York evidently regarded
that as a little lame. He was not willing to
leave the case upon the report made by the
committee, and so he brings in a bit of addi-
tional evidence, no part of the record, not
printed; but it is brought in here in the midst
of the debate, and what is it? It is in the
nature of parol evidence, for the purpose of
contradicting the record. It is a single sen-
tence that is to take away from this man his
right to a seat in the Senate of the United
States. And how is this deed to be accom-
plished. By a single remark of dubious and
doubtful import, a mere scrap of conversation,
the smallest fragment of a dialogue, a part of
a whole conversation that is brought in here,
and what is it? "Doubtful if I should have
become a citizen if I had not been elected.''
That is the whole of it. That is the significant
remark that is to destroy hia right to a seat in
the Senate of the United States. This remark
it appears was made in the committee by Gen-
eral Ames and written down by a member of
the committee, who, I have no doubt, intended
to write it down faithfully ■ but I believe he
does not pretend to give the words of General
Ames. General Ames was not even aware
that these words were written down. The
writing has never been submitted to him since.
In any county court in this country you could
not introduce a written statement of a witness
unless it was shown that the written statement
had been submitted to him for his understand-
ing and for his correction; and yet in this
mighty matter of denying to a Senator a seat
in this body, of defeating the wishes of the peo-
ple ofthe State of Mississippi, here is a single
sentence of exceedingly doubtful import, make
the most of it, which is relied upon to take
away from him this right.
Now, Mr. President, I am going to argue
