4050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
of which is small comparatively in amount,
but, all relate to the employes in the several
agencies, and they are in each instance, I
believe, an increase of compensation. My
information is that the compensation of these
employes differs a good deal in the different
agencies. On this side of the mountains the
compensation is much less than in the new,
settlements, particularly on the Pacific coast.
The Committee on Appropriations took the
bill as it came from the House of Represents,-'
lives in this respect, on the supposition that it
had been considered ♦y the House, and we
had no information on the subject whether
they ought to be increased or not. We there-
fore adopted it as it came from the House.
Now, if'the Committee on Indian Affairs have
examined this subject, and upon the recom-
mendation of the Department have made these
amendments, I do not know that I shall stand
here to object to them ; but still I wish it
understood that they are made on information
received by that committee to that effect.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state that in every
case of this kind the committee acted on the
clear and distinct statement of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs that it would be prac-
tically impossible to secure a faithful per-
formance of the service without the increase
proposed.
Mr. CORBETT. About a year ago or more
these salaries were cut down, and it was found
impossible to getemployds at the salaries pro-
posed. The Committee on Indian Affairs have
simply restored the salaries to what they were
before, according to the recommendation of
the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 2G, after line six
hundred and twenty-six, 1 move to insert the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, for purchasing and transporting a saw and
grist mill for tho use of tho Flathead Indiana at thoir
agency at Montana Territory, and for constructing
the necessary buildings therefor, to roplaco those
destroyed by fire in August, 1809, $11,800.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is that an increase ?
Mr. CORBETT. No ; it is to replace a mill
that was destroyed by fire.
Mr. MORRILL, ot'Maine. Ihave looked at
that amendment with a view of seeing whether
it came within any treaty stipulation. I can-
not find the volume at present; but the Sen-
ator from Iowa will correct me if I am wrong.
On examining the treaty stipulations to see
whether there was a provision for building
a saw-mill and grist-mill for these Indians I
found that there was a stipulation not only for
doing that, but for keeping it in repair. It will
be seen that this is an appropriation to rebuild
a saw-mill and grist-mill which was destroyed
by fire. Therefore it seems to me that a rea-
sonable construction of the treaty would re-
quire an appropriation for rebuilding it, as
the obligation of the Government was to re-
pair it.
The amendmentwasagreed to—ayes twenty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 29, line six hun-
dred and ninety-nine, in the appropriations
for (he Makah tribe, I move to make the appro-
priation §2,500 instead of $2,000; so that the
clause will read:
For eleventh of twenty installments for the sup-
port ot an agricultural and industrial school and pay
of tcaeners, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On the same page, line
seven hundred and two, in the appropriations
for the same tribe, I move to strike out
"33,(300" and insert "$4,600;" so that the
clause will read:
For eleventh of twenty installments for tho em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpentcr, farmer, and
physician, who shall furnish mcdieme for the sick,
$4,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
$Ir, HARLAN. On page 3:>, after line
seven hundred and ninety-one, I move to insert
the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for subsistence of the Navajo Indians m
New Mexico, for the year ending June 30,18(0, to be
expended under the direction of tho secretary of
tho Interior, $75,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Iowa had better explain that amend-
ment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to hear
an explanation of the amendment from the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment is to pro-
vide for the subsistence of these Navajo Indians
for the current year. Those who have given
attention to the subject will perhaps remember
that the Navajoes are the Indians who were
captured some years ago by United States
troops under the command of Colonel Carleton,
and were kept for a long time at the expense
of the Government at the reservation called
the Bosque Redondo, on the Colorado river.
Some year or two since, under a treaty made
with these Indians, they were removed to their
old homes in the mountains of New Mexico,
the Government agreeing to provide for them
until they could commence the cultivation of
their own lands again. They are Indians who
are somewhat advanced in the arts of civiliza-
tion. They work in iron. Before they were
captured and brought away from their homes
they cultivated the soil to a considerable extent,
raising wheat enough for their own use. They
also take care of flocks and make garments out
of wool. Perhaps the best blankets in the
world are made by the women of the Navajo
Indians. This amendment is to 'provide for
their subsistence during the current year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 34, line eight hun-
dred and twelve, in the appropriations for the
Nez Perccs Indians, I move to strike out
" $8,500" and insert " $10,000 so that the
clause will read :
For eleventh of twenty installments for tho em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming, and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner,
ono gunsmith, ono carpenter, and one wagon and
plow maker, per fifth article treaty 11th of June, 1855,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 35, line eight
hundred and forty-nine, in tho appropriations
for tho Nisquallics, Puyallup, and other tribes
and bands of Indians, I move to strike out
"$5,300" and insert "$6,700;" so that the
clause will read:
For sixteenth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician who shall furnish medi-
cine to tho sick, carpenter, and former, per tenth
article treaty 26th December, 1851, $6,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. On page 37, line nine hun-
dred and one, in the appropriations for the
Oinahas, T move to strike out " $750" and
insert " $900 ;" so that the clause will read :
For fifth of ton installments for pay of ono miller,
per same treaties, S900.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs whether he is sure that that is
an exact compliance with the treaty stipula-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not. There is no
precise provision in any treaty requiring the
payment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine object to the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I sup-
pose it goes on the same principle as the one
slated by the chairman a few moments ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 37, line nine hun-
dred and three, I move to strike out " $720 "
and insert "$900;" so as to make.the clause
read :
For fifth of ton installments for pay of ono farmer,
per same treaties, $900.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. HARLAN. On page 37, line nine hun-
dred and five, I move to strike out " $750 "
aud insert " $900;" so as to make the clause
read:
For fifth often installments for pay of blacksmith,
per same treaties, $900.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 89, line nine hun-
dred and fifty-five, iu the appropriations for
the Pawnees, I move to strike out the words
"one blacksmith, one miller," and to insert
"two blacksmiths and two apprentices, one
miller and apprentice."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I observe that
that amendment increases the number of
blacksmiths. I should like to know whether
that is provided for in the treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure that it is.
The inclination of my mind is to the belief
that it is not; but this is a large tribe of In-
dians in the State of Nebraska now under the
supervision of the Friends, and they are trying
to train them to provide for their own wants
and desire to learn some of the young Indians
to hammer their own iron. The purpose ot
this amendment is to enable them to do so, to
bring into the shop some of the young Indians
that they may learn the trade for themselves.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 40, line nine hun-
dred and fifty-six, after the word "and," I
move to strike out the word " one " and insert
"two also, after the word "teacher" strike
out " four " and insert " five ;" and after the
word "thousand " strike out "two " and insert
"seven;" and in line nine hundred and fifty-
seven, to strike out" fifty" and insert "eighty,''
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. IIow will the
clause read then?
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the clause will read :
For pay of one farmer, two blacksmiths, oncl
two apprentices, ono miller and apprentice, 0110
engineer and two teachers, S5t7SJ.^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 40, after linenine
hundred and sixty-one, I move to insert the
following:
For ropairs of grist and saw mills, £300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 40, line nine hun-
dred and seventy-one, in the appropriation for
the Poncas, after the word " thousand" I move
to insert the words "five hundred;" so as to
make the appropriation $17,500 instead of
$17,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After line nine hundred
and seventy-one I move to insert "For insur-
ance and transportation of goods that may be
purchased for said Indians, §2,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs if he remembers where these Poncas
are located?
Mr. HARLAN. They are near the upper
border of Nebraska, or on the edge of Dakota.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was my
recollection. The Senator will see in the text
of the bill, in line nine hundred and sixty-five,
the words "including insurance and trans-
portation thereof." What he contemplates in
this amendment is already provided for in the
text.
Mr. HARLAN. Is tho honorable Senator
sure of that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; it will
be found in line one hundred and sixty-five.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 41, after line nine
hundred and ninety-six, in the clauses making
appropriation for tho Pottawatomies, 1 move
to insert "for educational purposes, $5,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is by a
treaty stipulation, I presume. I will inquire
whether it is not a treaty stipulation which
