1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
that adopted the Federal Constitution there was
no such thing as general, much less universal,
education by public law. In some of them there
was* but I believe in none but in some of the
New England States was any such thing known
as public education under public law for all the
children of the State. Did this want of a school
system, this want of public education in at least
seven, if not more, of the States of the Union,
destroy their republican form of government,
and were they in fact subject to be ruled by
Congress at any moment that it pleased ia
that particular, and to have their constitutions
changed? I put it to ray friend from Michigan,
who always reasons like a logician and reasons
fairly, if he believes for one moment that the
Constitution ever would have been adopted if
twelve out of thirteen of the States had been
told *' The moment you adopt this Constitution
the Congress of the United States can abolish
slavery in your States and take the whole sub-
ject of education throughout the whole length
and breadth of the land into their hands?"
Why, sir, what says the Constitution itself in
relation to this very subject of slavery? Did
it not provide for the rendition of fugitive
slaves? Did it not prohibit the abolition of
the slave trade until 1808 ? Did it not recog-
nize slavery as existing in the States and give
it its sanction ? And now will anybody tell me
that the existence of slavery was incompatible
with a republican form of government accord-
ing to the meaning of the Constitution of the
United States?
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, I take it he does not by his
last remark intend to impute to me the doctrine
that slavery originally was an illegal and un-
constitutional institution. I said nothing of
the kind.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator excuse
me? I did not catch his remark.
Mr. HOWARD. I say I do not hold that
the Congress of the United States ever had,
under the clause of the Constitution to which
I referred, power to abolish slavery in a State
where it legally existed.
Mr. THURMAN. I attributed no such re-
mark to the Senator; I was only using that as
an illustration.
Now, I will come to the logical results of
that. The Senator admits that a State could
have a republican form of government although
slavery existed in the State. If he admits that
he must admit that a State may have a repub-
lican form of government although all the
people of that State are not voters; because
nobody would pretend that the slaves were
entitled, or ought, according to any policy, to
have had votes so longas they remained slaves;
for that would be to give the master just as
many votes as he had slaves. Therefore, when
the Senator admits that Congress could not
interfere with slavery in States where it ex-
isted, he admits at once, by a necessary conse-
quence, that universal suffrage is not, in the
contemplation of the Constitution, essential to
a republican form of government.
I know that new lights are now pouring in
upon us. I know that here in this Chamber it
has been proclaimed that there is a law of
higher obligation than the Constitution of the
United States, under which the Union was
formed, without which the Union would not
exist, which we are all sworn to support, under
which we have achieved our greatness. I have
heard it declared on this floor that there is a
higher instrument than the Constitution of the
United States, and that is, the generalities to be
found in the Declaration of Independence. I
do not believe so. I do not believe that we
have any rights on this floor except what the
t Constitution gives us. I do not believe we have
a right to speak here except it is given to us by
the Constitution. I know no right that the
"fty or sixty gentlemen in this Chamber and
the three or four times that number in the other
House have to impose laws on the people of
$ country, to take their substance in the way
of taxation, to punish them for crime, to com-
mand them into the Army, and make them
sacrifice their lives in the defense of the Re-
public, except the power to do it is given to
them by the Constitution.
I read that Constitution as it was seen and
was read by those who framed it and those
who put it in operation; and when I see that
according to the history of the country, accord-
ing to the very provisions of the Constitution
itself, universal suffrage or universal education
is not made a test of a republican form of
government, I say to my friend from Michigan
that he cannot, in the exercise of his power to
judge whether a State has a republican form
of government-or not, ignore these provisions
in the Constitution; he cannot ignore these
facts of history, and say that that which for
seventy years under that Constitution was re-
publican in form is republican in form no
longer.
Therefore I was pained to hear so good a
lawyer, after expressing his doubts as to these
fundamental conditions', plant himself upon
such a principle as this, that Congress must
judge what is a republican form of govern-
ment, as if that gave Congress a right to do
whatever it pleased ; as if it gave it a right to
set aside the provisions of the Constitution
itself; as if it gave it a right to ignore all the
history of the country and to set up some new
standard never dreamed of by our fathers who
framed that instrument, never dreamed of by
those who administered it for sixty or seventy
years, as to what shall constitute a republican
form of government. Once more I say to my
friend, if he believes in this doctrine, why does
he not introduce a bill to take it home to
the constitutions of Massachusetts and Rhode
Island ?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan will suspend. The Clerk of the House
of Representatives has been in the Chamber for
nearly an hour waiting to deliver a message
from the House in regard to the death of a
deceased member from Wisconsin. At the
suggestion of the Senators from Wisconsin the
Chair will now receive that message.
DEATH OF IION. B. F. HOPKINS.
A message frofn the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, commu-
nicated intelligence of the death of Hon. Ben-
jamim F. Hopkins, late a member of the House
from the State of Wisconsin, and transmitted
the resolutions of the House thereon.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, again,
amid the engrossing cares of official life, and
amid the stormy debates of the Senate, we are
called upon to pause and pay our last respects
to an associate who, in the prime of life, and
in the height of his usefulness, has gone down
to the repose of the grave. Hon. Benjamin
F. Hopkins, member of Congress from the
second district of Wisconsin, died at his home
in Madison, Wisconsin, on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1870, in the forty-first year of his age.
In 1862 he was elected to the State senate and
served two years; in 1866 he was a member of
the Assembly of the State. In 1866 he was
elected to Congress, and in 1868 he was re-
elected by over five thousand majority. When
he left Washington at the end of the last term
his health was somewhat impaired. During
the summer he declined, and when we came
to the capital in November last he was detained
at his home and confined to his house. About
the 1st December he was stricken with paraly-
sis, after which no hope of his recovery ex-
isted. He languished until January 1, and
expired, sustaiued at the last by the fortitude
of Christiau faith and hope. He was the young-
est member of the Wisconsin delegation in the
House of Representatives, but was among the
most influential members of that body. He
was affable and courteous to his associates, was
a keen observer of events, an accurate judge
of men, a warm friend, a sincere and true man.
He will long be lamented by the poor, whose
wants he so often and so generously relieved;
long will he be missed by his associates in Con-
gress and by the public men ot' our State. It
is fitting, therefore, that in this formal manner
: we testify our sympathy for his friends be-
reaved, and our appreciation of the usefulness
of the departed.
Mr. President, I offer the resolutions which
I send to the desk, for adoption by the Senate.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Hetolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Benjamin P. Hopkins, late a member of the House
of Representatives from the State of Wisconsin.
litsolved, That as a mark of respect for the memory
of Mr. Hopkins, the members of the Senate will
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
liesoloed, That as a further mark of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise to second
I the resolutions which have just been read at
your desk. The leading facts in the life of
Mr. Hopkins have been faithfully sketched by
my colleague. It only remains for me, there-
fore, to tell the Senate what I think he intrins-
ically was. To the members of this Senate
Benjamin F. Hopkins was quite imperfectly
known. To his own colleagues in the other
House I think he was not yet by any means
perfectly known. He was not transparent. He
was not comprehended at a glance. He had
little faculty and less taste for explaining him-
selfin words. He could be accurately measured,
therefore, only by achievement. Achievement
with him was bounded only by the duration of
his life. And of that life the House had seen
but few years, enough to have received a
marked impression of his worth, but doubtless
not enough to have comprehended the full
extent of his faculty. In Wisconsin that had
come to be well known, for it had been proved
by many years of well-directed and successful
effort.
Few lives have been more logically ordered
than that of Mr. Hopkins. His first effort
seems to have been directed to the acquirement
of that competency which would put him and
those dependent upon him beyond the reach of
want, and secure to him that freedom from
personal cares which is so essential to one who
is engaged in the public service. That compe-
tency he early acquired and so secured as to
demand the least possible share of time in the
management of it. And the immutable method
of his life was, perhaps, in nothing more con-
spicuous than in the fact that he aimed at com-
petency, and not fortune ; and in the further
fact, that when that competency was achieved,
he rested from that endeavor. He did not
attempt to supplement competency with for-
tune.
For the last eight or ten years of his life I do
not think he made one effort to add to his
pecuniary possessions. I believe he was abso-
lutely content with what he had. When he had
secured that competence, he directed his undi-
vided energies to public affairs.
My own acquaintance with him began with
his first entrance upon public life. It was in
the winter of 1855. That winter is distinguished
in the annals of Wisconsin by a singular, and,
so far as I know, an unprecedented judicial
controversy. The object of that litigation was
to settle the title of two rival claimants to tho
office of Governor of the State. The result of
it was to oust the acting Governor and to install
another man in his place. It will not be thought
strange that in the trial of such a cause profes-
sional ambition and party zeal were both pro-
foundly moved. Of course the respondent
insisted that the jurisdiction of the court did
not extend to such a controversy. In and out
of court it was repeatedly intimated that the
judgment, if adverse to the right of the acting
Governor, would not be executed. The exec-
utive office was said to be stocked with arms
in anticipation of an unfavorable result. Mr.
Hopkins had not only a political and profes-
I sional, but a personal interest in the issue.
