1870.
TBS' CONGRESSIONAL GkQBI<
dred and fifty miles, : We stept ataightin
cabins and corrals. Owe of the party—  State
officer, and as brave and genial and unselfish
. gentleman as over faced storm or savage to
oblige or avenge a friend—contracted on the
trip a disease which carried bis indomitable
heart to an untimely grave. Another is a prom-
inent editor, who thunders loudly now against
land grants and railroad monopolies. On that
trip we jogged along for days within sight of
mountain ranges containing vast deposits of
argentiferous galena ore, practically worthless
then because when smelted there was do
means of separating the silver from the lead,
and the cost of transporting the lead to separ-
atiug works was greater than the value of both
lead and silver when there. And I remember
how each predicted the future of that land
when the railroad, whose progress we watched
so impatiently, should break through the snows
of the Sierras, and the iron evangelist of em'
pire should sound his shrill note of triumph in
the full face of the morning.
Sir, when I return to my people this summer
I will traverse that three days' journey of 1866
in eight hours in a luxurious car. I will over-
take trains loaded with lead bars which will
sell in San Francisco for sufficient to pay the
expenses of mining, smelting, and transporta-
tion, leaving the silver contained in them as a
clear profit to the miner. I will see furnace
fires illuminating those frowning hills. I will
visit towns growing up all along the line of the
road and in the new mining regions developed
by the road. I will observe how new sources
of industry have opened; how thousands of
men procure profitable employment where once
the stillness of desolation brooded; how the
State finds newly created wealth to respond to
the demands of her tax-gatherers; how the
citizen obtains new opportunities for the invest-
ment of enterprise and labor and wealth. And
then, sir, 1 shall remember that for hundreds
of miles south to the Colorado, and hundreds
of miles north to the Columbia, stretches a re-
gion richer-in natural resources and ready to
yield braver harvests in response to similar
culture. I shall realize how—*
"Progress, the queen, in each mountain gorge,
■ With robes of Oliver and pluuios of snow, .
Waits while the Vulcans of empire forge
The swarthy lace for her beautiful brow."
And knowing as I do that railroads will
never be constructed through that country
without special inducements to capitalists in
the form of special grants and special privi-
leges, I shall feel fully satisfied with every vote
I inay have given. to confer such grants and
privileges, and I shall not be at all frightened
at the shadow of those settlers of a future gen-
eration in whose behalf I am entreated to aid
in reserving the public domain from present
settlement and absorption.
Why is this specter of the unborn homestead
settler of the next century—this. specter con-
jured up from the heated fancy of a Democratic
Legislature in Ohio and draped in ghastly hor-
rors by an ambitious and timid Republican
club in New York—perpetually paraded be-
fore our eyes? Is it in the hopeof successfully
pandering to some small-sized local prejudice?
Are we children to.be frightened by such spooks;
or knaves to be moved by such petty influences ?
A settler who objects to railroads! Sir, there
is no such settler in reality.
flencc, horrible shadow I unreal mockery, honce 1"
Sir, there are millions upon millions of acres
ot rich land all over the United States, from
7s V? Florida, now subject to homestead
and preemption entry ; land which has been
un.<j'ajmed lor the last generation, and which
will, doubtless, remain unclaimed for a century
tocoine; land through which no railroad passes
or is projected. If there be those in Ohio or
■New York or New England or Indiana who
contemplate immigration to some place where
they cannot market the fruits of their industry;
a'j 1,8 ^08e who prefer to toil over the
randy desert or the muddy prairie in stage or
wagtm ratherthan be whirled along by a mo-
nopoly oa an iron road; if there be those who
like the toll-gate man better than the railroad
conductor, they can obtain the amplest oppor-
tunity for the gratification of their fancies. I
do not believe there are one hundred such men
in the country. I do not think there are five.
With reference to the policy ,<}f limiting the
prices and prescribing the conditions of sale of
the lands granted in aid of the construction
of railroads I am in great doubt. Ik is a mat-
ter which should, in my opinion, be determ-
ined to a very great extent by circumstances.
Where the addition of such a, condition will
obstruct negotiations for the sale of bonds, or
throw obstacles in the way of procuring money
to build the road, I would not annex it. It is
of questionable wisdom in any case. We have
a better security than legislation can give that
the companies will sell their lands to actual
settlers at low prices rather than hold them
or. sell them fit high prices to speculators. If
the land remains in the hands of the com-,
pany, or is in the hands of speculators, it will
produce nothing to the company. On the other
hand, if it is occupied and improved, then its
products must be carried upon the railroad to a
market, and the freight ana passenger business
created thereby will, in most cases, fully equal
every year the price received for the land.
An acre of land will produce twenty bushels of
wheat; the freight on that wheat will amount
to an average of three dollars. The company
will therefore receive more money in five years
by selling the land on credit at $2 50 per acre
to an actual settler than by selling it to a spec-
ulator for five or tew dollars per acre in cash,
or by retaining it five years and then selling it
for fifteen dollars an acre.
Mr. LAWRENCE. . Does this bill contaii)
any provision that the, lands granted shall be
sold to actual settlers only?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir; the bill is carefully
guarded in that respect. I believe there has
been no instance of a company retaining its
land for speculative purposes. The Illinois
Central now holds such land as it has left at
from five to twenty-five dollars per acre, bat
the Illinois Central sold most of its land at less
than five dollars per acre; and I am informed
that on the line of the Unioa and Central Pa-
cific railroads land can be bought froqi the
companies at lower prices and on more- favor-
ahle terms than it can be purchased from the
Government; that as a matter of fact the rail-
road land is being purchased and settled upon
every day, while the Government land remains
unclaimed and unpurchased; indeed, theNorth-
em Pacific railroad proposes not only to sell
its land at low prices and on long credit, but
to erect a house for the settler and sell it to
him also on credit. .
It is said, however, as an objection to these
grants, that professional franchise hunters are
interested in them, aiid that great profits have
been and will be made by operators in conr
gressional railroad jobs. Sir, it is not improb-
able that somebody will make money ojut of
every railroad that shall be constructed by the
aid of a land grant, and it is very probable
that it may be somebody who will not invest
any money in it. There are beasU of burden
and beasts of prey. Every great railroad
enterprise is supported by different elements.
There are those who invest money and thosp
who invest labor—either of mind or muscle—
and those who invest neither money uor labor,
but only impudence and a capacity for asking
equal to the daughters of the horse leech. But
it would, be very small-minded statesmanship
which should refuse beneficent legislation be-
cause some daring Dugald Dalgetty of the
lobby might thereby realize a few ducats.
I suppose that bills pass here every week,
not merely bills of a private character, bat
revenue bills and appropriation biils, which
are made in some way to render tribute unto
the seedy Caesars who clamor abput their "in-
fluence" in the presence of claimants and
cpnt^aotors, and watph about; the lobbies for
the dissatisfied inventor and the way-faring
manufacturer and the guileless Indian trader.
But we'cannot, therefore, refuse to provide
ways and meftns for collecting and disbursing
the public revenues. We cannot neglect to
pay a just claim because some brazen rascal
may swindle the anxious claimant out of a por-
tion of the money, and we ought not to deny
grants of land to aid necessary public improve-
ments because it may be suspected that some
person may have an interest in some franchise
who designs to sell that, interest in place of
paying bis stock subscription.
Sir, let us disregard all these small, captious
objections to a great, wise, beneficent policy.
Let us guard these grants as carefully as we
can, but let us continue to make them, and
continue to build up the western country. I
would not give an acre of the public land to aid
in the construction of a railroad which would
be built without such aid, and on the other
hand I would give in order to cause a railroad
to be built enough public land in alternate
sections to achieve that result, whether it should
be six or forty sections per mile.
I believe this to be the true policy. I believe
that those who inaugurated and those who con-
tinued such a policy acted with wisdom and
liberality. It is this policy which has made
Illinois opulent and powerful, which has pushed
Wisconsin into the front rank of States, which
has turned Iowa into a beautiful garden, which
has brought the far Pacific to your doors. If
it has been a wise policy for these communities,
.so benefited and advanced, why is it not a
wise policy for those who have yet to receive
its benefits and feel its generous power ?
Sir, we stand here as guardians of a vast
landed estate which we hold in trust for the
benefit of the people. Shall we administer
that trust intelligently and prudently, or shall
we bow to the wind of a passing prejudice, and
soneglectour duty, and refuse to gain iucreased
value to the property of our ward? We do
not need to wait for posterity. There are mil-
lions of landless and starving poor flocking the
streets of our great cities. Of what use is it
to point to rich aud unclaimed lands in the
greatWestand say, " Go there and obtain your
heritage?" They have no means with which
to go; or if perchance they could get there, they
would have no employment by which to sup-
port life while their crops were growing; and
last of all,, they would have no way by which
to transport their harvests to. a market.
Sir, this land-grant policy, if continued, will
provide these landless laborers with land acces-
sible-to a market; it will give them well-paid
work in the vicinity of those lands, by which
they can obtain the means of improving them ;
it will afford them in many instances an oppor-
tunity for transportation to their future homes;
it will build up a "free, well-ordered pro-
gessive civilization" in the wilderness ; it will
take. nine weak, dependent children of the
Republic out of their territorial swaddling-
clothes and make them vigorous and stalwart
sovereignties; it will infuse new life and the
elements of mighty growth into the stagnant
States of the Southwest; it will invigorate the
decaying commerce of the South, and make
Virginia and Alabama and the Carolinas mu-
sical with the whir of spindles and the clatter
of factory wheels; it will make the air of Penn-
sylvania resonant with the roar of new furnaces;
it will fill the engine-shops and car factories
of New York and New Jersey and New Eng-
land with the busy tramp of well-paid and con-
tented labor. Continue, this policy, and the
pioneer will hurry out to erect his cabin and
construct his fences. There civilization will
advance in force; desolation will be conquered,
the Indian will vanish, property will be created,
the wilderness will blossom, towns will spring
up, cities will arise, agriculture, manufactures,
and commerce shall thrive.
But if we assume the other course, if we
refuse to grant lands for these purposes, if,
