1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
this ease on the supposition that General Ames
did make that remark just as it is written down.
Bear in mind what else he said. He said, "Be-
fore the election I had made up my mind to be
a candidate, to leave the Army, and live in
Mississippi." And he said? " I had no donbt
of my election." His election was just as cer-
tain at that time as any event that had not Hap-
pened could be; just as certain and just as
probable as that you, sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in
the chair,] will live to return to your home this
evening., He knew just how that Legislature
stood. He knew just what the condition of
things was there. There was no kind of doubt
about it. He had formed that purpose in view
of certain facts. Now let me suppose a case.
Suppose that General Ames, instead of going
to Mississippi in -this character, had gone there
to plant cotton, and he had come to the con-
clusion that ho could plant cotton and get rich.
He went there with a view of making it his
home and to plant cotton, and he comes up to
the polls to vote, and is asked by the judge of
elections,_ " What did you come here for?"
"Well, sir, I came here to plant cotton and
to make this my home." " Well," says the
judge of elections, " if you do not succeed in
cotton-planting, if you fail, as a great many
have done, do you think you will stay here?"
"It is doubtful." Would that take away his
right to vote ? Would that take away his right
to be regarded as an inhabitant of Mississippi?
Let me suppose another case. A B goes
to St. Louis to practice law, and ho puts up
bis sign. He does not get much practice for
some time. Ho goes up to vote. The judge
of election asks, " What did you come here
for?" "To practice law." "llavoyou got any
praetico?" "Not much ; not any." "Well,sir,
if you do not get any praetico, are you going
to stay here?" "No, I expect not; I think it
is (louhtftil. If I cannot make a living hero I
must go somewhere else." Would you say that
took away his right to vole, that that destroyed
his inhabitancy ? Certainly not. These con-
tingencies enter into the lives of most men in
regard to most conditions of life. How is it
with young men who go to the new States?
They form schemes of life. If those schemes
are disappointed perhaps theyexpeeL to return
to their old home; they expect perhaps to
return to the old homestead. They go there
expecting to acquire land, it may be to marry
a wife i some may go to practice law, some may
go to engage in politics. If they fail they per-
haps expect to come back; but will you say
that that contingency^that possibility will take
away from them the right to become citizens,
to become voters, or to bo regarded as inhab-
itants? 1 cannot helpsayingth.it, this is ab-
surd.
Now, whether he relics on cotton-planting,
whether he relies on the practice of the law,
whether he relies on going to the State Legis-
lature, or whether he relies upon coming to
the United States Senate, these are all contin-
gencies of equal degree, and the character of
them does not^ change the nature of tho trans-
action. Admit it in full force, give to this
remark all that is claimed for it, and what
does it amount to? Why, sir, your staying or
my staying in a particular State, at our present
homes, may depend in our own minds to-day
upon^ contingencies. You may very well think
that if things will not turn out in your own
State as you desire,-if things shall go adverse
to your expectations, you will leave there. I
might entertain the same opinion; but does
that take from me my rights as a citizen of the
State of Indiana or from you yours asa citizen
of the State of Kansas? And yet that is all
there is in this. There was no doubt about
the case. He was perfectly certain of hiselec-
tion, and he had made up his mind that he
would cast in his lot with those people.
But the Senator from Wisconsin asks what
had he done; what act had he performed ?
Why, sir, he had come to this conclusion and
announced it to his friends, and- the proof is
abundant to-day from his own statement; and
he suffered his name to go before the Legis-
lature. He became a candidate for a seat in
this body. Here is a distinct and significant
act, just as significant as if he had bought
property. There is no difference in the char-
acter or meaning of the acts. He announced
his purpose by the most significant of all acts,
and they understood it perfectly. Why, sir, let
me ask you if they had understood that he was
not going to live there do you suppose they
would have elected him? They understood
that he was acting in good faith, that he had
become a citizen of the State of Mississippi,
and therefore they elected him almost unani-
mously.
I come next to the case put by the Senator
from Wisconsin. Suppose ho gathers up his
clothes in a bundle, sticks a .stick through the
bundle and slings it over his shoulder, goes
down to Mississippi, and while there, the Legis-
lature being in session, they propose to elect
him a Senator if ho will agree to live there,
and he says ho will. Are the two eases par-
allel? I contend lliat if he says that in good
faith he becomes a citizen, even taking the
strong case the Senator puts. If he makes
such a declaration in good faith he may be-
come a citizen. It does not require six weeks
or four weeks or ten days to make a man an
inhabitant of a State. He may become an
inhabitant in ten minutes. What is the differ-
ence between that ease and this? General
Ames has been in Mississippi nearly three
years. He went there about the first of 1868.
He became provisional governor in .1 une, 1868.
Ho has been there as provisional governor
nearly two yearn, perfectly identified with that
people, understanding them and they under-
standing him. Tho case is a very sliong one
in his favor, entirely unlike that which was put
by tho Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. President, what does it take to consti-
tute an inhabitant? The Senator from New
l'orlc yesterday, in the forepart of his speech,
argued as i£ a man had to become a voter in
order to bo an inhabitant, lie put certain
questions in regard to General Ames. He
asked, " Could he be taxed in Mississippi?"
Why, sir, must a man be taxed before he
becomes an inhabitant? If iv man lias prop-
erty in a State on the day that the tax lien
attaches-—and there is always some particular
day fixed by law for the lieu of taxes to attach—
it. become on that day subject to taxation.
Again the Senator asked, " Was lie subject to
jury duty in Mississippi?" Confounding in-
habitancy with jury duty. A man may have
a vote and not have a right to sit on a jury.
In my State a man has no right to sit on a jury
unless he is a householder. He may have
lived there twenty years; he may be a voter;
he may have paid taxes; but unless ho is a
householder he cannot, sit on a jury. But the
Senator from New York yesterday put the case
as if Ames could not beau inhabitant of Mis-
sissippi unless he was subject to jury duty there.
Again he asked, "Could he vote in Missis-
sippi?" Here he confounds a voter with an
inhabitant, A man may be an inhabitant and
not a voter. If I go to New York to-morrow
morning, and take up my boarding at a hotel,
and announce in good faith that I am going
to^ make New York my home, from that very
minute I become au inhabitant of the State of
New York ; but I may not have a right to vote
until I have been there twelve months. In
Ohio it requires twelve months; in Indiana it
requires six months. It requires different
periods in different States.
Now, Mr. President, what is an inhabitant?
The definition given by Webster, which I find
in the speech of the Senator from New York
is sufficiently clear. I will quote it: '
" Ono who dwells orresides permanently in a place,
or who has a fixod residence, as distinguished from
au occasional lodg:er or visitor."
General Ames cannot be called an occasional
lodger or visitor. He had a fixed residence, and
had determined upon it as his home. It does
not require any given period of time ; but sim-
ply upon these two facte: is he actually there,
is he bodily there, and has he determined in
his own mind that he will make that his home.
If so he is an inhabitant. At the end of six
months he may become a voter perhaps ; and
when he becomes ahouseholder he may sit upon
a jury; and when he acquires property he may
pay taxes; but all of these things have nothing
whatever to do with the question of being an
inhabitant.
Now I come to the authority referred to by
the Senator from Wisconsin. He would make
out that an inhabitant must be a man who is
vested with all the special privileges, the muni-
cipal privileges conferred on a citizen of a State
by the laws of that State, and he read from
Pickering's Reports. I say that the authority is
wholly inapplicable, and I have only to read
the beginning of it to show this :
"Wo hold, then, that without rcforonco to tho law
of domicile'
That is, the common law—
" tho true construction of our own statute will settle
tho question in the prosent case."
In this case the decision was made upon a
special statute of the State of Massachusetts,
and not upon the common law.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. The whole question
there was what was the meaning of the word
"inhabitant" in the statute of that State.
The sole question here is, what is the mean-
ing of the word "inhabitant" in the Constitu-
tion of tho United States.
Mr. MORTON. The meaning of the word
"inhabitant" in the statute was determined
by tho character and provisions of the statute.
It was not what the word "inhabitant" meant
in the common law, but what did the word
''inhabitant" mean as used in that statute.
That was what the court based their decision
upon. Now, to come to the Senator's quota-
tion from the constitution of Wisconsin—and I
think that this authority is just as applicable
as any one that he has read:
" No soldier, seaman, or marino in tho Army or
Navy of the United States shall bo doomod a resi-
dent ot this btate in consoquonco of boing stationed
within tho same."
Constitution or no constitution, who denies
that? 11 you send an officer of the Army to
Mississippi or ^Visconsin that fact does not
give him a residence there. Nobody has con-
troverted that; but if when be gets there he
concludes to make that place his home, tljen
it becomes his home,- but not simply byreason
ot his being ordered there.
Isow, sir, I come to one more illustration
that was used yesterday. The Senator from
rsGvv xorkreferred to the divorce law in Indi-
ana. lie wanted to know how long a man
must live in Indiana to get a divorce. The
law lequires that he shall be a bona Jldc resi-
dent for one year. Ihe Senator then wanted
to know if a man went to Indiana for the mere
purpose of getting a divorce, intending to leave
aS S?j1) *le £ot &vorce« whether that
would be an honest, bona fide residence. I
answer, no, But if a man who went to Indi-
ana to get a divorce had determined that when
ie got the divorce he would stay there, then
lie would be a bona fide resident, and the di-
vorce would be good. If General Ames had
determined "when he was elected Senator that
he would leave Mississippi never to return,
then lie would not be an inhabitant of that
otate j but as he determined just the reverse,
tnat he would stay there, it seems to me that
the divorce illustration was a very unhappy
one, to say the least of it.
Then, Mr. President, the objection to Gen-
eral Ames taking his seat is very narrow. It
is a very narrow peninsula that no sound argu-
ment cm stand upon. It answers to the de-
scription of a geometrical line that has length
without breadth or thickness. This has length,
