1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
He had been selected by the relator for bia
private secretary. But, of course, his own
induction to office defended upon the success
of the prosecution. That gave him a personal
interest. He was charged with the labor of pro-
curing testimony, and with such other duties as
in the conduct of a cause can be intrusted to a
non-professional agent. That gave him a pro-
lessional inter estin the case. He was, of course,
politically interested, as being a member of the
party which asserted the right of the relator.
It has always been my opinion that Mr. Hop-
kins contributed materially to the success of
the prosecution by the diligence and judgment
he displayed in the discharge of the special
duties assigned him. But a larger contribu-
tion, I think, he made to that success in the
imperturbable good nature and unvarying cour-
tesy which characterized all his efforts in the
cause, and all his intercourse with the parties
to it.
That was Mr. Hopkins's first appearance in
Eublic life; but is was not his last. The public
ad got a taste of him and were not willing to
dismiss him. Accordingly, in 1861 he was
brought forward as a candidate to represent
his district in the senate of his State. The
district was really . Democratic. The opposi-
tion to him was vigorous, but vain. He was
elected. But Mr. Hopkins was not one of
those epmmanders who sleep upon .victory. On
the contrary, with him the evening of victory
was the morning of another , battle. During
a brief session of the Legislature of 1862 h,e
was exposed to the view of the State as a legis-
lator. He was not a frequent debater; bub
his counsels were marked by rare sagacity,
and were expressed with sijica clearness and
with such moderation as to make him one of,
the moat influential members of the body.
Indeed, so high an,opinion did his fiends form
of his capacity that in the fall of 1862 they,
brought him before the Republican convention
of the second congressional district as a can-
didate for their nomination. Thus was inaug-
urated a political struggle which, so far.as I
know, has no parallel in the, history of politics..
The second oongressiopal district of Wiscon-
sin co pap rises the four great counties ofDaae,
Rock, Columbia, and Jefferson,, and numbered
in 1861 apopulatioeof aboutone hundred and
forty-three thousand. It is one of the richest
agricultural districts in that or any other State,
There is nolarge city in it; but there.are,
besides the capital qf the State, very many
t«wna,numbering from five to fifteen thousand;
inhabitants. I run no risk of disparaging any
other people whep I say that I.done.t know
wher,e you can find tfee aawe number Of people
combining more intelligence* virtue, mgrQk
culture, or more thrift, less of Ignorance, lean;
vice, or less poverty than in|those four counties.
There is no constituency anywhere before whom-
pretenders or shams.of every "kind stand less
chance of success., Whoever secures the favor
of such a people must, have positive merit
of some kind. Thft Republican party of that*
district waa represented in the convention of
1862:hy forty-four delegates. Of those twenty-
one declared for Mr. Hopkins, while twenty-
two declared for Hotu I, C. Sloan. One del-
egate voted for ft third candidate,, After fifteen,
ballotingg Mr. Sloan .received tweaty-thre©
votes and was nominated. If Mr. Hopkins
had shown the year before that he was superior
to the influence of victory he demonstrated now
that ho could not be demoralized ,bjr defeat.
He was beaten, but he lost so confidence.in
himself, and his friends lost no confidence in
him. Accordingly he appeared , again, two
years later, be fore-the convention, as a candi-
date for the same nomination., He taefc there
his old aotagohiat; aud it would seem
as if he must have met him. under great dis-
advantages. Mr. Sloan had the prestige of
one victory. He had served his district through
one session with undeviating fidelity and rare
flyv 1 he event showed that while Mr. Sloan
ftaa Jost none pf his own friends, he had wholly
failed to disarm the friends of Mr. Hopkins.
Indeed, so exactly was the relative force of
the two parties preserved that in .the conven-
tion of 1864 the majority depended upon two
contested seats. Those seats were adjudged
to the friends of Mr. Sloan, and he was again
nominated. Mr. Hopkins was again defeated
but he was still as far from, being subdued as
ever. He plunged into the canvas for his
rival. He secured the continued adherence
of his own. friends by the unfaltering ardor
with which, in spite of personal disappoint-
ment, he still served the cause; and he did
something to disarm the opposition by the
zeal with which he devoted himself to the
election of their chief. Accordingly, in 1866,
when forty-four delegates^ representing the
second district, again assembled to select a.
candidate for Congress, on the informal, ballot
eighteen of them declared for Benjamin F.
Hopkins. The remaining twenty-six. votes,
were divided among three other candidates, in
the proportion of ten for one, and eight for .
each of the other two. On the first formal,
ballot Mr. Hopkins had nineteen votes. No
speeches were made. All understood the
issue was to be determined by pluck, and not
by rhetoric. Not an angry or discourteous
word was uttered. With dogged but quiet
pertinacity those forty-four men sat down to
the solution of the great problem befopre them.
On the fifteenth formal ballot Mr. Hopkins
received twenty-one votes. After eighty more
ballotings, on the ninety-fifth ballot, one more
delegate ranged himself under Mr. Hopkins
flag, and he led just one half the convention.
Yet such was the resolute obstinacy .which
characterized every member of the body that
victory seemed, as far off and &$ difficult to;
achieve as ever; and it was not until late- in
the evening of the second day of the? Conven-
tion, and oa the one hundred and thirty->&ixth
ballot* that twenty-three .votes were.finally cast
for Mr. Hopkins. He was nominated. The-1
struggle!which for four..years had neyer fal-,
tered was ended, completely ended. I,t was
not.renewed in 1868.' Ha was then, renomin-
ated, I think, without the phow of opposition.
Mr. Hopkins had just completed his first
term in Congress when he was struck down by
disease. During that short term of service, I
think, sir, he had not failed to impress you, a3
well as most of his associates 06 ihe floor of*!
the House, with a sense of his remarkable !
abilities. Yet he waa not an eloquent aayer
of things} he was rather a diligent doer of;
things. He was not rhetorical,: bat he was
eminently practical. Few took lesspainsthan
he to form or to reform the convictions of men 5,
but still fewer could organize and utilise moore
skillfully than he sueh convictions as fye found
among men. He was a decided partisan, but ;
without a particle of malignancy or bigotry in
his partisanship.
Very few politiciana as active as he left as
few personal animosities as he did. •• Indeed I
think he left-none. Such-a man, could not
help, but stimulate many rivalries, and must
have'wounded some, rivals. But I da not be-
lieve he engendered' a single animosity whieh
is not buried with him.. He fought the-Dem-
ocratic party throughout his • life, and struck
them many hard blows; yet he always num-.
bered in their ranks many warm personal
friends, and so far as I know not a single en-
emy. He was young; he was nobly ambitious;
he possessed great abilities, and he had already
secured great opportunities when he was sum-
moned to his last great conflict with the com-
mon master of us all. Even to that greatest
of earthly occasions he was not unequal. With
everything to attach him to life, be did not
shrink from death, which overtook him on the
afternoon of the 1st day of January last.
A friend writes of him that—r
** He was perfectly conscious of big condition, spoke
pleasant words, to all the kind friends aroupd him,
bade them all farewell, and about'four o'clock, 1
free from all pain, without a struggle, breathed his
last."
Intelligence of his death overtook his towns-
men in the midst of those festivities which in
many portions of the country, and especially
in the West, usher in a new year. Society
turned aside from those joyous hospitalities
of one of the most generous communities I
know. They who went about the streets of
the capital suddenly found themselves to be
mourners. Each one went to his own home.
| The city stood still before a great horror in
i which all were involved. At length but slowly
I there came to us who were his colleagues in
< the representation of Wisconsin a sense of the
truth that the "places which knew him will
know him no more forever."
The vacancy created by his death in that
representation will soon be filled. Others will
ere long appear to supply his place in that
great constituency which honored him with
their confidence. But there is a void in one
home and in one heart which will no more
be filled. There is no balm in statesmanship
which can heal such bereavement as that which
in these wintry days bows over the grave of
Hopkins. I shall not attempt to challenge the
sympathies of the Senate for that young and
childless widow, the depths of whose grief I
know £|uite well no human sympathy can sound.
There is but One who can give rest to those
laden as she is. Of the Senate I ask only that
it will- record its assent to the pending reso-
lutions.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed
to ; and the Senate adjourned.
; HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 11, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Gr. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
• approved.
: BRIDGE AT CLARKSVILLE, MISSOURI.
; Mr. BURR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1180) authorizing the
building of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at Clarksville, Missouri ^ which was read
a first aind second time, and referred to' the
Committee on Railways and Canals.
supplies for the navx.
Mr. KETQHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1181) for the
better protection of the Government in the
purchase of supplies for the Navy; which was
read a.first and seoond time, referred, to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE NAV*.
Mn KETCHAM also, by unanimous eon-
sent,, introduced a bill (H. R. No. -M82) reg-
ulating enlistments in the Navy, and for Other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr, ROGERS,.by unanimous coqs^M, sub-
mitted .the following resolution; which waa
read*. considered, and agreed to: ,
Besolvtd.Th&t General 0. 0. Howard, Superin-
tendent of the Freedmen's Bureau and Abandoned
Lands, be; and he is hereby, directed to report to this
House at asearly a day as .possible the amount ex-
pended by him for the. purposes far .which his office
was created, or which he has CxpeAdedln the execu-
tion-'of said office; that he report the amount he ha«
expended for eaoh ehurch, school, asylum, or other
object of charity to which he haa donated any por-
tion of the funds committed to hita by the Govern-
ment,and the authority of law under which saia
donation or donations were mad6. '
DISTRICT LUNATIC ASYLUM.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE,'by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
direeted to furnish to the House copies of all papers,
reports, .and proceedings in the recent investigation
of charges against the officers having control 01 tne
lunatic asylumi of this District, and copies of an
charges against said officers.
