4998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as a new section the
following:
And be it further enacted. That for the term of two
years from and after the passage of this act, and no
longer, machinery and apparatus designed only for
and adapted to be used for steam-towage on canals,
and not now manufactured in the United State?, may
bo imported by any State, or by any person duly au-
* tborized by the Legislature of any State, free of duty,
subject to such regulations as may be prescribed by
tho Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding the following:
And also that for the term of five years from and
after the passage of this act, and no longer, steam-
plow machinery, adapted to the cultivation of tho
soil, may be imported by any person for his own use,
free of duty, subject to such regulations of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as before provided.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will make
that two years, which is as long as we have
ever granted these special privileges, I will
agree to it.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well; I will so modify
my amendment. I will say, however, that there
have never been but five steam-plows imported
into this country, and they have all come in
free.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as an additional section
the following:
And be it further enactcd, That tho word "salt-
peter," as used in section seven of the act of March
3,1863, allowing drawback of duty on foreign salt-
peter manufactured into gunpowder in the United
States, and exported therefrom, shall bo construed
to mean tho element of niter bo used, whether it be
the nitrate of potash or nitrate of soda.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
forty-ninth section of the House bill, in the
following words:
Sec.40. Andbe it further enacted. That section fifteen
of the act approved July 14,1862, and section four
of tho act in amendment thereof, approved March 3,
1305, be, and tho same arc hereby, so amended that
no ship, vessel, steamer, boat, barge, or Hat belong-
ing to any citizen of the United States, trading and
arriving from a port of tho United States, although
touching or stopping at a foreign port or passing
through foreign territory on tho voyage, or trading
from ono port or point within the United States to
another port or point within the United States, or
employed in the bank, whale, or other fisheries, shall
hereafter be subject to the tonnage tax or duty pro-
vided for in said acts; and the proviso in section one
hundred and thrco of tho act to provide internal
revenuo to support the Government, and to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,
approved June 30,186-1, requiring an annual specinl
tax to bo paid by boats, barges, and flats, is hereby
repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Andbe it further enacted, That section one hundred
and fifty-one of the act approved July 14,1862, enti-
tled "An act increasing temporarily the duties on
imports, and for other purposes," and section four
of the act in amendment thereof, approved March 3,
I860, be, and the same are hereby, so amended that
no ship, vessel, steamer, boat, barge, or flat belong-
ing to any citizen of the United States trading from
ono port or pointwithin theUnited States to another
port or point within the United States, or employed
111 tbebank, whole, or other fisheries, shall hereafter
bo subject to the tonnage tax or duty provided for in
said acts ; and the proviso in section one hundred and
three of the act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and to pay the interest on tho
public debt, and for other purposes, approved June
30, 1861, requiring an annual bpeeiul tax to be paid
by boats, barges, and flats, is hereby repealed.
Mr. CORBETT. This question was before
the Committee on Commerce on a bill which
came from the House, and that committee
decided to report adversely to the bill. It
relieves this commerce from a taxation of about
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars. It
repeals all the tonnage tax. We thought the
Government was not in a condition at this time
to repeal that tax. It is a commerce which is
taxed some thirty cents per ton per annum.
There is no foreign commerce that comes in
competition with it. If this tax pertained to
foreign commerce, to boats or vessels sailing
to foreign ports, it would be very proper to
repeal it j but as it pertains entirely to the coast
and inland commerce, which does not come in
competition with any foreign commerce, and as
this is a very small tax, and there is considerable
expense in keeping up the custom-houses, &cM
the Committee on Commerce concluded that
it was not good policy to repeal this tax, and
they therefore reported against the House bill.
It seems to me it is a very serious question
whether at this time we had better not relieve
some other interest that is more burdened than
this. I think this small tax of thirty cents a
year upon boats should be retained. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. This whole thing is in a
nutshell. The last proviso in this section re-
peals a little internal tax on boats, barges, and
flats, and the balance of the section is to repeal
the tonnage tax which was levied during the
war, and which, I take it, should be among the
first to be repealed. It is very oppressive to
an interest that is now laboring under great
depression, a tax on commerce, a tonnage tax.
It is true this is a repeal of taxes that yield
$700,000. It is a tax on all boats in the inland
and coasting trade, and on all the navigable
waters, including canal barges, schooners^ &c.
It is a very troublesome and annoying tax, and
I suppose, as a matter of course, it ought to be
among the first taxes to be repealed. It was
among the last to be put 011, and it should be
among the first to be taken off.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section fifty of the House bill the fol-
lowing clause:
And all goods, wares, and merchandise remaining
in bonded warehouses on tho day and year this act
shall take e fleet, and upon which the duties shall
have boon paid, shall be entitled to a refund of the
difference between tho amount of duties paid and
the amount of duties said goods, wares, and mer-
chandise would be subject to, if tho same were im-
ported lespeutively after that day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee when the committee
intend to have this act go into effect?
Air. SHERMAN. On the 1st day of January,
after the last day of December.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I wish to suggest
to the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator proceeds, the Senator from Ohio drew the
attention of the Chair to the fact that the bill
now reads as it came from the House "on
and after the 31st of December/' He sug-
gested, and the Chair should have stated it, to
strike out the words " on and" so as to leave
the act to take effect on the 1st of January,
at the beginning of the new quarter; and if
there be no objection that amendment will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
committee and the Senate what appears to me
to be the impropriety of providing so long in
advance that all the goods which are to begot
into the country between now and the time
when this act takes effect and lodged m ware-
houses shall pay duties under the old schedule.
It seems to me it is putting it off altogether too
far, as there is time enough for anybody to im-
port under the existing tariff, whichever way
it may woik upon a special interest; it will de-
pend on the change of course as to the partic-
ular items 5 whereas if it should take effect be-
fore there could be new importations it would
be perfectly just and right. I merely wish to
suggest that; not to take up time.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is in conformity
with all the tariff bills that I have ever seen
passed, that after the law takes effect goods
in bond shall have the privilege of paying the
old duties. I believe any other rule would be
a great hardship, and would compel persons
to force their goods upon the market even at
a loss. This provision is contained in every
tariff law that i know anything of, and some-
times they have even gone beyond this. We
have allowed goods on the way to come in un-
der {he old duties on the ground that it would
be an injustice to take Ihom by surprise. Bat
this is the established rule, that when a tariff
law takes effect it takes effect upon goods in
bond. By this amendment we require what is
technically called a refund. At the end of on@
year, according to our warehouse system, they
have to pay the duties, although the goods may
remain in Government custody as security, or
may remain at the pleasure of the owner for
three years. In such a case as that the amend-
ment provides l'or a refund.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to submit to the
Senator from Ohio that his remarks apply with
correctness and force to a case where the biil
is to take effect immediately ; but I think I can
safely challenge my friend from Ohio to pro-
duce any statute which is like this, which puts
off the taking effect of the act for more than six
months; giving time enough to order fresh
goods and put them into warehouse and then
say that the goods thus freshly ordered and
freshly imported may pay the duty, if it is con-
venient to the importer and lie would rather
have it that way, under the old law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say that there have
been several precedents where a considerable
time, I do not know how many months, has
been allowed for the taking effect of a tariff
law. The bill commonly called the Morrill
tariff took effect three or four months after its
passage, and never, except during the war, when
we took snap judgments on thepeople, did they
take effect immediately or within a short time
after their passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true ;
but the point is, as the Atlantic cable then
stood, or rather did not stand at all, and as
the law was passed, it was only to provide for
goods purchased before the law was passed,
and which were supposed to be iiCtransitu,
which would be just. Here we niake a pro-
vision, under the improvements in commercial
intercourse, which enables a person to send
from here to Asia and import silks, if it would
be for his advantage to do so—I do not say
whether it would or not, on that particular
item—in view of the fact that this tariff is
going into effect on the 1st of January, and
we say to him in advance. " Anybody who can
make anything by glutting the warehouses
between now and the time the bill takes effect
with foreign goods is invited to do so," instead
of saying to him, as it would be just to do,
'"You shall stand under the old law." I say,
with all respect to my friend from Ohio, that
lie will find it difficult to find a precedent for
that kind of thing.
Mr. SHERMAN". I have tho provision in
the tariff law of March 2, 18lil, now before me.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
Senator from Vermont state what harm is to
result from that condition ot things. Suppose
a man does send to Europe and import goods
at this time, before ttie 31st day of December,
and put them in a warehouse, and they are in
that warehouse when this act takes effect, and
he pays the duty that this bill imposes ; what
harm follows to any one?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Theie is this harm, if my
friend from Oregon does not live so far off that
he does not notice it: take any aiticle upon
which the duty is increased, as I understand
there are some important ones upon which it
is increased ; suppose the duty is increased on
steel rails, if you please, which is a pretty large
interest; and somebody who wants to import
steel rails at the low rate orders ten thousand
tons, which he has plenty of lime to do, and
gets them in a warehouse, in bond, before the
1st of January ; he pays the old duty. That
is not the way to make tariff laws, as I under-
stand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator asked me
for a precedent. I have the precedeut before
Ae; It is much more liberal than this pro-
vision. Tho last section of the tariff act of
March, 1801, contains this provision :
That all goods, wares, and merchandise, actually
