2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
"because it has been long drawn out in this de-
bite ; bat it has no breadth or thickness; it is
the merest technicality; it is hardly the shadow
of a technicality.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I protest that
I had no purpose to participate in this debate;
and I protest that if the only question pending
in it was the question whether General Ames
should be admitted to his seat or not, I should
not have opened my head in the debate.
"That is all it is," says the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.] No, that is not all
it is. 1 rise here not to defend nor to oppose
the right of General Ames; and I protest that
I rise here not for the purpose of attacking or
defending the Judiciary Committee; I rise here
for the purpose of rescuing, as well as I can,
my own character from the reproach which
has been cast upon it—not my character as a
lawyer; not my character as a jurist; but my
character for truth and veracity; because,
upon my word, tbe style of the debate has put
the character for truth, more than for learn-
ing, of those who vote for the admission of
General Ames in issue.
Mr. President, I ask of those who defend
this report, of those who protest against the
right of General Ames, and who think those
who defend his right to a seat here are mis-
taken in their conclusions, if tliey could not
have the charity to suppose that we are mis-
taken? Must they have come to the conclu-
sion thatwe err from a perverse desire, an itch-
ing palm to trample upon the Constitution of
the United States? Is there any reason why
those who affirm the right of General Ames to
a seat here should love the Constitution less
than those who deny his right? Is it impos-
sible that we should be as much attached to
the Constitution as any one else? And yet I
think the observation of the Senate will bear
me out in what I am about to state, that every
one of those who have as yet appeared to op-
pose the right of General Ames to a seat has
labored to establish the fact first that there is
no necessity here for us to violate the Consti-
tution. They have admonished us over and
over again how little there was at stake here,
and they have protested that we were not war-
ranted in trampling upon the Constitution
except upon a very supreme necessity.
Mr. Piesident, does any one suppose that I
have discovered an urgency in this case which
drags me forward to a violation of the Consti-
tution? I have grown quite old, sir, and my
head is very white, and unless I have mistaken
myself and my own history, I never have been
in my life confronted by that necessity which
impelled me to a violation of the Constitution.
I expcct to die without ever being confronted
by such a necessity. I do not admit such a
necessity to be possible. I may err in my
understanding of the law in this case ; and yet
I do not believe I can err, because there is so
little of law in the case.
1 admit that my first impressions were
against the right of General Ames. Such were
my impressions when I first heard this case
snooted; but the more I thought of it, and I
could not help thinking of it at intervals be-
fore this debata arose, the more those impres-
sions were weakened ; and yet I was inclined
to think when this debate commenced that my
impressions were perfectly well founded in the
beginning, and I sat down in my chair here
yesterday expecting to have the correctness of
those impressions demonstrated by the Sen-
ator from New York ; and when he concluded
his argument I had not a doubt*that General
Ames had as clear a right to his seat here as I
had when I took my seat, or as any member
on this floor had; and I have no more doubt
of it to-day.
I make the confession of those impressions
because I have not the slightest disposition to
do injustice to those who deny the right of
General Ames. I do not doubt the sincerity
of their convictions, but I am compelled to
doubt the correctness of them; and yet I am
not controverting any principle of law, which
they have assorted. There is but little law in
the case.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that notwith-
standing General Ames had a commission in
the Army of the United States, yet he was a
man ; and notwithstanding lie held a commis-
sion in the Army of the United States, I insist
upon it that he could have a residence, he could
be an inhabitant of some place. Does any
lawyer here dispute that? No one has yet.
He could be an inhabitant of Mississippi not-
withstanding he held a commission in the Army
of the United States. Does any lawyer dis-
pute that? But what could constitute him an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi? "What
facts were necessary to be combined in order
to make him an inhabitant of the State of Mis-
sissippi? Let that question be answered.
What were they? I appeal to the genius of the
Judiciary Committee; I appeal to the shade of
Story, or anybody else who has lived on the
earth, and who has left a memory among men
which gives him authority still—answer me,
what facts were necessary to be combined in
order to make General Ames an inhabitant of
the State of Mississippi ? Were there more
than two ? Were there more than the fact of
having a domicile there, and the fact of having
a purpose to remain there?
Did not those two facts constitute him an
inhabitant of that State, and those two alone?
If so—and no one has asserted that anything
more was necessary—then how do you, not as
a lawyer but as a man of sense, find these two
facts? He had a domicile in Mississippi, had
ho not? No one disputes that. What was his
purpose, then, about remaining there? That is
the only fact necessary to be inquired about. It
is said he went down there as an officer. Very
true. He went down there without the pur-
pose to stay there. Very true. But what was
the fact at the time of his election ? He had a
domicile there from the time he first went
there until he left there. What was the fact
about his purpose ? There is no controversy
about the evidence in the case. Had he any
reason for taking up his residence there?
The Senator from Oregon was not born in
Oregon ; he went there, he made his own home
there, became an inhabitant there. He had
an inducement for making that his residence
and making his home there. I do not know
what his inducement was, but he had an induce-
ment ; and if you could have discovered the
inducement which led him to make his home
there that would have strengthened you in the
conviction that he meant to have a home there.
Do you find any inducements for General Ames
to make his home in Mississippi ? The whole
mistake in this case, it seems to me, is that
those who deny his right to a seat here affirm
that as a condition which was simply an induce-
ment. They offered him not all the kingdoms
of the earth, but one of them; they offered
him a seat in the Senate of the United States.
They offered that to him when he had no pur-
pose to be an inhabitant of Mississippi. I
admit it; they offered it to him to induce him
to become an inhabitant of Mississippi. Was
not that calculated to induce him to take up
his residence there? There are a great many
men besides General Ames who would have
been strongly induced to take up a residence
there just by holding out such an inducement
as that. Was it immoral? Who says that? It
was a proper inducement. Was he not likely
to have been moved by it, to have been influ-
enced by it? Was he influenced by it ? Did
he become convinced that it was expedient for
him to take up his residence there? What did
he say to the Judiciary Committee, and what
do they say to us that he did declare? That
after declining this inducement several times
lie finally concluded to accept, and avowed his
purpose to become a candidate for the Senate
and to make his home in Mississippi. Did he
lie or tell the truth when he said that to the
Judiciary Committee? I am sure I do not
know. God does. I take it for granted he
told the truth. Believing he told the truth, I
act upon that conviction.
But look here ; they admit that he is a resi-
dent there now; that he has made it his home
ana is an inhabitant. What induced him?
They say the idea of being a candidate for the
Senate. Did he know that it was necessary
for him to be an inhabitant of Mississippi in
order to come to the Senate; that he could
not be elected to the Senate without becoming
an inhabitant of the State of Mississippi? It
is not a great stretch of credulity, it seems to
me, to suppose that he did know so much of
the Constitution of the United States as that ;
and there was only one thing for him to do in
order to comply with the Constitution, and
that was to make up his mind- to take that for
his home. Then, as to those of us who be-
lieve, credulously perhaps, but who believe
honestly that he really had read that clause
of the Constitution which commanded that he
must be an inhabitant of the State before he
could be a Senator from the State, and who
believe also that he having a domicile there it
was only necessary for him to form the pur-
pose of staying there, is it a very extravagant
thing for us to come to the conclusion that
he did honestly form the purpose to remain
there?
Others may differ from the conclusion to
which I have come, but I affirm that just as
honestly as I ever came to any conclusion in
my life I have come to the conclusion that he
did know what was necessary to qualify him
for a seat in the Senate; and inasmuch as he
could comply with all those conditions 1 be-
lieve he-did comply with them all, and that he
did not trust himself to the chance of getting
into the Senate over the ruins of a violated and
bleeding Constitution. It is for this reason
that I am going to vote for his admission.
Now, I give full permission for everybody else
to differ with me in the conclusion to which I
have come. The one thing I cannot consent
to is that any one of my colleagues here on this
floor should come to the conclusion that be-
cause I do vote for the admission of General
Ames I vote for it because of an intense and
inherent hatred I have to the Constitution and
a perverse determination to disregard its com-
mands !
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I sympathize
entirely with the feelings of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. When I say 1 sympathize with their
feelings, I mean that I have gone through ex-
actly the same process that they have, starting
from an adverse point. I am free to confess
that when the proposition came before the Sen-
ate to admit General Ames as a Senator from
Mississippi all my first impulses were against
his eligibility. If I had any bias which could
influence my judgment it was upon that side.
I was reluctant in the first place to see any one
who had occupied the position of military Gov-
ernor in any one of the reconstructed States
elected to the Senate from that State. I was
more reluctant when I faced the fact that we
had before us another application in which this
state of things existed, namely, where a mili-
tary Governor had, by a detail of his own offi-
cers, undertaken to determine the eligibility
of the very members of the Legislature who
might turn around and elect him as Senator—
I refer to the position of affairs in the Georgia
case.
These considerations gave my mind a bias
against the eligibility of General Ames, and it
was because I felt this bias that I sat down, as
the members of the Judiciary Committee did.
to examine coldly and dispassionately—and I
claim that I at least made an effort to examine
it as coldly and dispassionately as they did—
the naked question of whether he was or was
not eligible to a seat in this body.
Examining the question in that light, the first
place to which lj,urned was the very debate
which has been read by my friend, the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.] I found
