THB: ®0NGrRBS8I0'NAL' GXOBE.
April 29{
like the slothful ttefvaatj we wMp our talent
ill a napkin, if_we adopt a policy Of inertia and
retrogression, if -we build ft breakwater against
the tide of progress, what then ? Ah! sir, we
shall build it in vain; for that tide wilt not be
stayed. The people are intelligent; they can-
not be permanently misled by artificial criea
an&sophistical catch-words. ' They will vacate
our seats and fill1 them with, others who will
have'wisdom'eiiOtfgh to Comprehend the true
policy of development and courage enough to
fbl low'their conscientious ConviCtlond.
■I now yield for a few moments to thegetf-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCOrmick.} '
' 'mk^sage pftom the senate.
A message from the. Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, requested ,th^t the House
return to tlje Senate the bill (H. R,,Np. 1666)
for the. relief of Otis N.. Cutler, of Missouri,
which bad. been passed by the Senate and re*
turned, to the House. , ,
The SPEAKER* If there be no objection
the bill will be returned in accordance with the
request of the Senate. ■
There was no objection., .. .
RAILROAD LAND GKAHT IK OllBClOK.
• Mr. McCORMK^K, of Missburi. I do notj
My. Speaker, prOpoSe to occupy riiore than a
very few mintites. I wish to call the-attention
of the' House to the Iftnd policy of the country
and the policy whifch is n'oW' governing the
Committee" on the Petblie Lands'in this'House.
There seertis to me no reas'O'n fdr that'fear of
landed monopolies whieh the gentleman fVom
Indiana [Mr. HolmaW] 'beems to entertain..
This-bill secures to thd iise of ftcttlal settlers
all the landsgfanted lb tfre road,' and the price
is limited to $2 "50 per1'acre, the1 lands to be
Bdld in quantities not exceeding one hundred
And' fei*ty acres to any ortte individual. It is
impossible fbr any monopoly to grow up tinder
sitfch K system. " * !.:•.< ■ ■
It WAs my kit, Mr: Spwakety tobe borta Bind
raised beyond the Mississippi river.' I have
seen the effects of raiilro'ftdj in the'developtaent
Of the western SthteS. No system which has
ever been dfevised has tended to people the
court try e& rapidly and to increase so largely
the wealth of the State's as does this system
Of building rhilraads. It is no robbery oF the
settlers of the West to donate lands for the
construction of'railrOi&ds. Inr *lWOst every
■western State the people, by their Legislatures,
have aided in the construction of' railroads to
the amount of many million ■ dollars. The
Legislature of my own State has extended such
aid to the amount of $27,000,000. In almost
every county through Which rnilWads in the
West have passed the people have voluntarily
imposed uport themselves a large taxation in
ordet to facilitate the construction of railroads.
Not only that, bttt iiidividilal towns have vol-
untarily' taxed them'selves for the Same put4-
poie. In sonie instances farmers have offered
from one fourth to one half of their lands in
order to secure ft railroad through the county
which they inhabited. ■
Take the richest land thatcan hfefflrittdip
the West, and if One handled miles' distent
from navigable water or ftOm a railroad, What
is that land worth to the settler? If fifty
trfrthels per ttcre were gifen to him M the end
of eaih harvest, how would he be benefited?
He could not transport it to market, and it
would be no advantage to him even if it cost
him not one cent to raise it. The railroad
afford8 the only access to a market. Ih addi-
tion to this; we' have all through the West
large forests wbich: can never be taade sub-
servient to commerce or useful to the Country
in any way except by a system of railroads.
< Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. Smith] wishes to occupy a feW minutes
in the time of the gentleman from 'Nevada,
[Mr. Fitch,] I give way for that purpose.
Mr. FITCH. I yield the remainder of my
hour to the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smith.]
Mr.- SrJtlTH, of Oregon:'1 As'fhe tltafe of the
gentleman from Nevada Is 8o nearly out, I
would prefer to be; recOgtiized in my own
right. . ' i
The SPEAKER. "There are ten minutes
of the hour of the rehtlertan from Nevada
remaining. The* gentleman from'Illinois [Mr.
! HawlEt] claims the right to be heard as a
! membertif the Oommittee on the PubKc Lands;
! and the Chair Would be Compelled to recogni2e
! bim in .preference to the gentleman from Ore-
gon, unless the latter gentleman waives hiq
: right to Speak.
j Mr. HAWLEY: I do not. :■
) Mr. 'SARGENT. I hope the previous ques-
! Hon will be moved on the bill. I have no
doubt the House is disposed to pass the bill at
once.
. The SPEAKER-. It is therlght of the gen-
tleman occupying the floor to call the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to 'ft question of
order. The gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] promised, I believe, to call the pre-
vious question at the conclusion of his hour.
'The SPEAKER. That ia a matter between
the gentlemen concerned. It does not involve
any question of order.
Mr. FITCH. At the'conclusion of hishonfr
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holm an*J
proposed to call' the previous question, when
I suggested to him that I would yield to him
for that purpose just before the expiration of
my hour;
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the bill open to
amendment? . '
The SPEAKER. It k hot'durirtg the pend-
ency of the previotfs Question.
Mr- ELDRIDGE., The gentleman from
OregOjit is called to speak under embarrassing
dtetirtstatices, as only ten minutes are allotted
to him.^ I hope the House, by unanimous con-
sent, Will allow him to occupy whatever time
he may desire, so that lie may be nntrammeled
in speaking in reference to this matter affect-
ing his constituents.
' Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope that will be done.
Two hours ate not enough frn a bill of so ihuch
importance as this one is.'
(Mr. ELDRIDGE. "We all know under what
embarrassment a gentleman speaks who sfarts
out with' the knowledge that he is limited to
ten'niimttes.
, Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I do hot need
mtieh "tirne; not more than twenty minutes;
but ad it is the desire of'friends around-me I
■w^ll Only occupy ten minutes, and then, yield
the-floor bo that the sense of this House may
be tested.
Mr. SOHENCKv feefore the gentlemafi'goes
on I hope We will have Bome understanding
about the evening session. •
Mr. SMITH, of'Oregon. I hope 'this does
not cOTrie'out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It doesHot; it is pro-
posed to call the previous question at the close
Of theretemrksofthe gentleman from Oregon,
and if the previons question be seconded the
bill win Won be disposed of.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to offer ah amend-
ment. '
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to
the Committee on the Public Lands cuts off
amendments.' The Chair will state the par-
liamentary condition of the question. If the
•previons question be called and seconded and
the main question ordered the first question
will be ob the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Public Lands. If that motion
be negatived, the next vote will be On order-
ing the bill to be1 engrossed ahd read a third
time. ■ t •.
Mr. FITCH'. If the motion to refer be voted
down1, will amendment then be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not; for the pre-
vkma question Will still operate.
• Mr, FITCH'. ^ Will amendments lie in order
beforethe previous question ia called?
Tho SPEAKER. The pendency of the
motion to recommit will cut off amendments.
' Mr. INGERSOLL. Is there any parlia-
mentary process which will enable us to move
amendments to this bill? '
The SPEAKER. If the HCuse shall refuse
to? order the previous question, and the gen-
tleman frOni Indiana [Mr. Holman] shall with-
draw his motion to refer, it will then be in
order to offer amendments; bnt so long as the
motion to refer is pending atoendments cannot
be entertained.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to say that the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands have considered
this bill. There are some amendments which
the committee have agreed to, and to which
the friends of the bill consent. We want an
opportunity to offer them; and ! hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will withdraw his motion
to refer, so that opportunity may be afforded
to us to offer those amendments. I will tell the
gentleman that the amendments are restrictive
in their character.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry,
hot being familiar with tne rales, and it is this?
if the previous question is seconded and the
motion to refer is voted down will there be
another hour for debate?
The 8PEAKER. This is not a bill reported
from a committee; and the hour for debate
after the previous question has been seconded
applies only to reports coining from commit-
tees of the House.
Mr. BEOK. There were some remarks by
the gentleman from Indiana to which I bo
thoroughly dissent that I wish to have an op-
portunity to be heard in opposition to them.
Mr. FERttY. If the previous question is
not seconded and the motion to refer is voted
down will not amendments be then in order?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
. Mr. HAWLEY. I have amendments which
I desire to offer to this bill, and I hope no
action will be taken which will prevent my
offering them.
The SPEAKER. The matter is'entirely
within the control of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON.' I understand the Mo-
tion is pending to refer to the Committee on
the Pttblic Lands. Suppose that is voted down,
may piot the bill then he amended?
Tho SPEAKER. It would be if. the pre-
vious question were not pending. MetnDers
having parliamentary experience in this Vody
know tliat it has b6en a custom for many years
past when reporting a bill to enter the motion
to recommit, so as to cut off amendments.
Amendments are not in order during the pend-
ency of the motion to refer.
Mr, HAWLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana £Mr. HotttAij] to withdraw his motion
to refer.'in order to enable me to offer amend-
ments to the bill. '
Mr. SOLMAN. I hope I win not be pressed
to do so. I do not wish to withdraw the motion i
My. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, have
I the floor?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman now
desire to proceed?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Oregon is entitled to t?n minutes froiii this
time.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. It will not be ex-
pected by the House that I can make, in the
space of ten minutes, anything like a satisfac-
tory statement of the local reasons for the pas-
sage of this bill. I will not attempt it; nor yet
will I accept of the extension of time which the
House has tendered me. I want to pass this
bill to-day, and do not care to make a speeeh.
But I trust I Shall have the attention of the
House while I make a very brief statertSnt. I
wish, however, to say just this in reference to
the matter: that this bill is in the interest of
settlers or prospective settlers' on the public
lands through which this road is designed to
pass. The road will be about one hundred and
thirty miles long. For fifty miles of that dis-
