1870.
THE GQNGttESSTONAL GLOBE.
aioe
tanoe the country is settled; for the remainder
of the distance it is not settled, and is not
susceptible of settlement unless weans of com-
munication through it such as are proposed by
by this bill shall be provided. The road ought
to extend further up the Willamette valley.
The bill introduced by me provided for one
the whole length of the valley, and I had hoped
to have it passed in that form. The committee
failed to report-in favor of an extension of the
branch southerly, and I accept of what they
have reported. A short road is better than
none. The Willamette valley, which contains
two thirds of the population of the Slate of
Oregon, has no outlet to the sea but by the
Columbia river. That river flows across the
north end of this Willamette valley. On the
west, between that valley and the sea, a mount-
ain range extends along its whole leugtlj.
Through this range of mountains to the mouth
of the river we have no road of any kind.
During the winter the river is often frozen,
and we are then entirely cut off from all com-
munication with the outside world. Two years
ago we lost half a million dollars by being
unable to get our grain to market when it was
in demand at good prices. We have not a
wagon-road ; we have not a foot-path ; we
have not any means by which we -can com-
municate with the sea when this Columbia
river is frozen over. We want this road, to
give us an outlet to the sea at all seasons i and
we want it to open up the pass we have found
through these mountains to the settlement. It
is not a question whether by the passage of
this bill this land shall be withdrawn from set-
tlement ; but the question is whether by the
passage of this bill you will open up to settle-
mentaregion of country which otherwise never
would be settled. It is a question whether it
shall be occupied by settlers under the provis-
ions of this bill, or whether it shall remain a
wilderness in thefuttire as in the past; whether
it shall be thehome of a busy, thriving popu-
lation, or continue to be thehome of the elk,'
and the bear.
For twenty-five years, Mr. Speaker, this land
has been open to settlement, first, nnder a
donation law, and now under the homestead
law, and yet no man has gone there to set*
tie. No white men ever went there until they
went to find this pass for a railroad to the
sea. The red man never lived there. It is a
forest, an Oregon forest, suoh as is found
nowhere else perhaps hi the world. And no
settler will ever go thece unless there is a rail-
road through the pass connecting this Willa-
mette valley with the sea.. In that event tome
of the smaller valleys will be opened to settle-
ment. The lands are ricb. The timber is
abundant. It is valuable. Bat the land and
the timber will remain in the condition they
now are for a hundred years to come if this
road is not built.
I have a letter in toy hand from one'of tny
constituents settled in one of ihe vafleya'in the
same mountain range farther south, who has:
lived on his land for eleven years, fitrd has had'
a family grow up around him <}n it. His land
is still unsurveyed; he cannot have schools ;
he cannot perfect his'title; he is living there
under the homestead law ; is untitling to re-
main, and does not dare to go away for fear of
losing his land. No tiian with a knowledge
of the condition of the country and its future
prospects would ever settle there, in the ab-
sence of this railroad, Now, this grant is a
limited one. It is barely sufficient to secure
the objects in view; and I will state this, that,
every man in Oregon, of both parties,, whether,
along the line of this, road or elsewhere, is in'
favor of this particular bill, and the man who
votes against it here,will do that people an
injustice and a wrong.
Mr. VAN WYCK. /Will, the gentleman
allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. SMITH, of. Oregon. I cannot yield to
the gentleman, as my time is so limited, out of
the ten minutes allowed me. , Mr. Speaker,>
the gentleman from Indiana has remarked in
his very remarkable speech that them wqs no
Democrat on the floor of this House who would
dare to support land grants. I claim to be as
good a Democrat as the gentleman from Indi-
ana, and I am happy to be able to say that dis-
i tinguighed Democrats fromthat State, who are
1 as well acquainted with the public sentiment
of the people of Indiana as that gentleman him-
self, will vote in favor of this bill, and they will
receive the approbation of their constituents
for so doing. This is not a party question, and
it cannot be made such. This policy really
originated with the Democratic party. The
first land grant of any magnitude ever made in
aid of interrial improvements was made for the
benefit of the State of Indiana, represented in
Eart by the gentleman who raovep to refer! this
ill. The Wabash and jSrie Canal was cofc- i
structed under justsuch a.grant as is asked for '
this railroad in the State of Oregon. The first
railroad grant was. to the State ot Illinois, and
the bill was introduced by Stephen A. Douglas
and supported by a majority or both parties in
the House and in the Senate,
j Mr. VOORHEES. Will thegentleman allow
me to make a statement?
Mn SMITH, of Oregon. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOORHEES., Two or three years &go,
when the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
had forfeited its charter by the lapse of time
and consequently the entire grant of lands that
the Government had made to it, the chatter
was revived and the land gtant insured to
them by an act that passed the Houge.with but
six Democrat# voting1 against it.
Mr. BECK. -On the 1st day ofJtity, 1808.
Mr. 8M ITH, of Oregon. I am very glad tp
hew of thait. I wish to sayone other thing in
this regard. At least one; and I think mote
than one Democratic national convention incor-
porated in its platform a plank in fAvor of such
grants. And yet the geqtlemaif says that no
Democrat can vote for a land grant 1 •
Mr. Speaker, I am informed tba^.ttiy t)tn&
has nearly expired. . V ..
Mr. INGERSOLL. Give me one minntfe.
Mr. SMITH-, of Oregon. Very well..
Mr. INGERSOLL- I desire to state.fotthe!
espeeial benefit of the; gen tleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] something in the nature qf a
historical reminiscenei, which perhaps he may
have forgotten. In 1859, w^en the Democratic
party Was supreme in both' branches of pon-
gress, they framed what wu called, ,t$d " Le-
compton constitution,'' rind that constitution
was tendered to the people of K&tofsas for adop-
tion. In that" constitution it w^S provided that
from seven to nine million acres of.the public1
dotaain should be granted tq the State of Kan-
sas upon the adoption of that constitution: Let
us not forget that. f •'
Mr. COX. That was in every eiiablih£ act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Idoes not matter what
it was in, and wh^t it was.net in. ' It was gut
in that constitution by the Democratic party
in bq$ Houses of Congress.
Mr, COX. It was not to go to railroad,
companies. • - . t
Mr. SMITH, Of Oregon. I will yield one
minute to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
BecKi J.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not a
minute left toyield; ' '
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Then I move the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that the Chair
shall state the effect of this vote.
The 8PEAKER. The gentleman from Ore-
gon [Mr. Smith] demands the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer. If the House sec-
onds the demand, the first vote will be on the
motion to refer; if the House shall negative
that motion, it will then be brought to a direct
vote upon ordering the bill: to a third reading.
On seconding the previous .question there
were—ayes 72, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Smith, of
Oregon, and Mr. Cuuam were appointed.
The House! divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred and fourj noeS not
counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
ENROLLED BJLl^S AND RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
Examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. K. No. 9) to provide for the re-
vision and consolidation of the statutes of the
United States;
An act (H- R- No. 945) to provide for the
survey of the Fort Gratiot Military reserva-
tion, in the State of Michigan ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 125) for the
relief of James L. Ridgely, collector of internal
revenue for the second district of Maryland;
, Joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to enable
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king
of Prussia; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) for the
relief of George S. Atkinson, late assistant
quartermaster of volunteers.
railroad land grant in oregon.
The House then resumed the consideration
bf Senate bill No. 896, granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Portland to Astoria and MeMimrville, in
the State,of Oregon.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman frcrtp Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. flOLMAN. Upon; that motion, I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
t The question was taken ; and it wasdecided
in the negative—yeas 74,uays 96, not voting
57; as follows:
YBAS--M,e88rs. Adamd, Ambier, Archer. iArnell,
Benton, Bird, Buffinton, Burchard, Ces&na. Ainaaa
Cobb, Conner. Cobles,.Cox. Cullom, Daw^.DifilUn-
son, Ferry, Flnkelnbtti-g, Fox, (Jetz, :€Hlfn!an;-fch-is-
woltj,Hale, ilawley; Hay; HilLHolmaW, ThomM L.
Jones, /udd, Kerr, Ketenam. Knott,. Lailio, Us,
rence; LoufeHndze, Mayhap, Mcurew, McNcely,'
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgatl, Niblaefi,
O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Phelps, Porter, liandall,
Reeves, Bice, gcofield, Shanks, Shobor, John A..
Smith, William J. Smith, Stevens, Stiles. Strong,
Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Tyner, Upscm, Van Aukon,
Van Trump, VaitAVyck, Ward; WiJWrcjL SWUiatns,
Johp X, Wilson, Winan8,Witeh¥r..and,vYopd,—74. .,
NAYS"MtefrS. Allison, Ames, AttrtstrBHg.'AspCi',
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Barry.Bcitman, Beck, Ben-"
iamin, Bonnet'
Brooks, Buck, ] 
Jer, Cake, Churchill.
Cleveland, Cobum, Coni . _
Farnsworth.Farrigs', Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Hamblen
ton, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, H'eflin, Hoar.,Hooper,
Hotohkiss, Ingersoll, Jertckes, Johnson.Keller, Kel,-
logg, Knapp, Logan, Maynartl, McCarthy, McCor-
mick, McCrary, McKec, MeKeazie, Mercur, Milnes,
Morphis, Daniel .J. Morrell, Myers, Negley.Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Rogers, RootsvSanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Schnmaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Joseph S.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Tanner,
Tillman, Townsend, Voorhees, CadwaladerC.Waah-:
burn, .Wells. Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, and
Euggrie M. Wilson—96,,
NOX VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Banks, Barnum.
Beattt-BlnghamLBoles.Bowen.Baj^i.Janies Brooks,
Burr, Benjamin F. Bntler, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Covode, Crebs, Davis, Dickey, Dixon, Dockepy.
Donley^ Duval, Dyer, Bla, Garllela, Halght, Ijalde-
man, Hamill, Hawkins,' Heaton, Hoge, Alexander
H. Jones. Julian, Kelsey, Lash, Lynch, Marshall,
Eliakim H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey.
Mungen, Orth, Paine, Piatt, Potter. Ei^eway, Por-
ter Sheldon, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith. Stone,
Taffe, Trimble, Tiriehell, Van Horn. William'B.
W ashburn,W elkor, W inch eater, and Woodward—57.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
Duiing the call of the roll,
Mr. McNEELY said: My colleague, Mr.
Marshali, is confined to his room by sick-
ness. . .
The SPEAKER. The question nowFis upon
ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer some amendments to this bill, which
r, Dogener.Dox, Eldridge,
