1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4053
tee on Indian Affairs adopted the suggestion
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. This
amount does seem to be large as compared
with the sum appropriated in the bill to these
Indians; but I ought to observe here that these
Indians are supported to a very considerable
extent out of money derived from the sale of
tlieir lands in Minnesota, and of course, under
the law, that is taken directly from the land
offices and applied to their support without an
appropriation, and a larger sum, therefore,
would be necessary for transportation than
would seem to be required, judging merely
from the amount appropriated in this bill.
Mr. MQRRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out "three" and
inserting "one;" so as to make the appro-
priation $1,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order—to
reduce the appropriation?
Mr. MORHILL, of Maine. It is not strictly
regular, but perhaps by general consent it may
be done. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine
is to strike out "three" and insert "one," re-
ducing the appropriation to $1,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
\greed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 01, after line
fourteen hundred and eighty-three, I move to
msert:
1'or the purpose of refunding to the "Winnebago
Indians the amount taken from their tribal funds to
pay the expenses of their removal from Minnesota,
the sum of $232,315 99, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, for the
crcction of houses, the improvement of their allot-
ments of land, the purchase of stock, agricultural
implements, seeds, and other beneficial purposes:
Provided, That not more than S-j(J,000 shall be ex-
pended during any one fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a pretty
large sum. I hope the chairman of the Com"-
miitee on Indian Affairs will explain the prop-
osition.
Mr. HARLAN. In the year 1802, it will be
remembered, certain bands of Sioux engaged
in war with the white people in the State of
Minnesota. Several hundred people were mas-
sacred and a number of Indians were killed in
ihe mtUe. The people of that State became
very much excited and began to kill Indians
irrespective of their hostile character ; and in
order to save the lives of the friendly Indians,
it was deemed advisable to remove them, as
well as the hostile Indian®, from the limits of
that State. Among the sufferers in the exe-
cution of this law, which was enacted in 1803,
the Winnebagoes were removed. They were
living on farms, a great many of them, and
ere getting along very well, had stock and
j roperty around them j butthey were compelied
to leave their homes and weie put on a reser-
vation near Crow creek, on the Missouri river,
some hundreds of miles above Sioux City,
remaining there several years until it became
perfectly apparent to everybody that they could
not raise crops on the new reservation. It is
said that something over a thousand of them
perished by starvation. The residue of them
made canoes and worked their way down the
river to near the mouth of the Niobrara, where
the President located them on Government
land, and where they are now living.
In removing them from Minnesota to the
reservation on Crow creek their own money
was used to the amount specified in this amend-
ment. It seems to be a very unjust thing to
compel a people to leave their own homes and
to defray the expense of the wrong inflicted
upon tf\em. They are not rich, but compara-
tively poor; they are industrious Indians as
compared with other Indians—are trying" to
make a living where they are now located.
They are at present under the control of the
members of the Society of Friends, and there
is great hope that they will make improvement
and that they may become in time good citi-
zens of the United States. They have applied
to have this money refunded. They think it a
great wrong inflicted on them, in the first place,
to compel them to go away from their homes.
They did not engage in the war. They have
been at peace with the people of the United
States time out of mind. It seems hard to
them that they should suffer on account of the
wrongs done to the white people by the Sioux,
and a greater wrong to make them pay the
expenses of the wrongs inflicted upon them
by the Government of the United States. It
seemed to the Committee on Indian Affairs
that their complaint was founded in truth, that
their claim was just, that we ought to refund
this money j and consequently this recom-
mendation has been made by the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior on this sub-
ject, commending it to the attention of Con-
gress, which I think I ought to present to the
Senate, and ask to have read, with the accom-
panying papers.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C., March 2(3,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication, dated the 19th instant, from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and accompanying
petition of the Winnebago tribe of Indians, praying
that the amount taken from their tribal fund to de-
fray the expenses of their removal irom Minnesota
may be refunded by the Government.
I respectfully invite the attention of your com-
mittee to the facts stated in the inclosed papers, and
commend the pubject to its favorable consideration.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Lot M. Morrill, Chairman Committee on Appro^
priations. United State* Senate.
def u5tment of tug ixtkrioit,
Office of Indian Affaiks.
Washington, 1). c., March is), 1s70.
Sir: I ha ve the honor to inclose herewith a peti-
tion in duplicate from thechiels, head men, and other
members of the Winnebago tribe of Indians, praying
that the amount taken from their tribal fund in re-
moving them from Minnesota may be reiunded by
the Government.
The statements made in said petition regarding
the disposition of said Indians toward the United
States, their removal fiom place to place, and the
using of their money in cffccting such removal, are
all true.
By joint resolution of July 17,1802, (St. pp. 028 and
G2U,) the sura of $50,000 was authorized to bo taken
from the $1,100,000 held for the Winnebagoes, to
make improvements on their land?, and for the pur-
chase of stock and agricultural implements for them,
the same to be replaced from the proceeds of the
sale of their lands; and by the act of March 3,1363,
(St. 12, p. 785,) the further sum of $50,000 was author-
ized to be used from the sum so held for them, to
defray the expenses of their removal from Minne-
sota, the same to be replaced as provided m said
resolution. Before tho first item of .$50,000 could be
used for them, as indicated in said resolution, the act
of February 21,1803, (St. 12, pp. 058, &e.,) was passed,
by which they were to be removed, and it was con-
sequently applied toward defraying the expenses of
their removal.. By the last act it was also provided
that the money arising from the sale of the lands
therein referred to should be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior; which has
accordingly been done, the same having been used
for their benefit during and since their removal, and
there being now less than £2,500 thereof remaining
on hand.
The entire cost of removing said Indians and sub-
sisting them while being removed, in accordance
with said act of February 21, 180), amounts iu the
aggregate, as near as can be ascertained from the
records of this otlice, to $232,3*5 90, the full amount
of which was paid from tho funds belonging to tho
Indians, notwithstanding the fact that they had
given no cause for their being removed, and that
their icmoval was made against their wishes, with-
out their consent, a.nd contrary to treaty stipula-
tions. ,
It is not considered necessary to give a history ui
the removal of these Indians, or of the sufferings
endured by them from the time they were taken
from their reservation in Minnesota, m 1803, until
they were finally located in Nebraska, nearly three
years afterward. Suffice it to say that.they were
compelled to leave an cxccllent reservation, where
they were rapidly becoming a civilized, christianized,
and self-sustaining people, and after undergoing
great hardships and sufferings whilo wandering,
and being removed from place to place, they have,
as before stated, been located in Nebraska, where
they are doing all that can be expected to regain
their former prosperous condition.
I am of the opinion that the Government, as an act
of justice to these Indians, should reimburse thorn
for tho amount taken from their funds to defray the
expenses of their removal; and if you concur in this
view of the case I respectfully recommend that the
inclosed petition be laid before Congress, with such
remarks thereon as you may deem proper and advis-
able, for tho consideration and action of that body.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
E. S. PARKER,
tt ^ Com
lion. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
[Memorial.]
To his Excellency the President of the United States,
and the Senate and House of Jte&resentativcs .•
Tho petition of the chicfs, head men, and other
members of the Winnebago tribe of Indians in the
State of Nebraska respectfully represents:
That our people have always been friondlv nnd
loyal to the United States: that we have sinco the
year 1832 been compelled several times to chango
our placo of abode, greatly to ourdetrimont; that in
1863 we were, without any faultof our own, removed
from our beautiful reservation in Minnesota, guar-
antied to us by treaty as a permanent home, and
taken to Crow creek, in Dakota Territory, an unsuit-
able location, whore many of our people perished
from hunger, cold, and disease; that the reservation
wo now occupy was purchased with our funds from
the Omahas; and that the heavy expenses incurred
by our removal and subsistence, amounting as wo
believe to £200,000, have been taken from our own
tribal funds.
We therefore respectfully and earnestly pray that
the sum thus expended may be refunded to us, us
recommended in the report on Indian affairs of act-
ing Commissioner Charles E. Mix, in 18G7, who says:
"The Winnebagoes have a just claim against the
Government on account of their removal from Min-
nesota, the expense of which was borne out of their
own tribal funds."
Your petitioners farther represent that we aio
desirous of adopting the dress nnd habits of civilized
life; that we need better dwellings, and a supply
of agricultural implements and livestock, and the
establishment of a manual labor school on our reser-
vation, which will require a largo expenditure of
money, and we earnestly pray that the amount due
our tribe from the Government may be paid early in
the spring of 1S70.
Ch iff a.
LITTLE Dfi CO RID. his X mark.
SAMUEL KING, his X mark.
BIG BEAR, his X mark.
GOOD THUNDER, his X mark.
ONti IlOliN, his X mark.
LITTLE THUNDER, his X mark. '
OREY WOLF, lus X mark.
LITTLE WALK ICR. .11;.,
(For YOUNG PROPHET,) his X mark.
YOUNG FRENCH, his a mark.
OLD LAUGHER, his : mark.
WHIRLING THUNDER, his X mark.
WHITE BREAST, hi.s X mnrk.
YOUNG ROGUE, his mark.
COO-NOO-11UT-TA-KAU, his X mark.
Head Man.
ALEX. 3)AYN, Captain of Police.
CHARLES MALLARY.
MARTIN VAN BUREN.
LIEUTENANT UPTAIL, his X mark.
ERUNCILMAN, his X mark,
TALL D K CORIE, his a marl*.
CO-NO, his X mark.
HOLE DIGGER, his X mark,
ALEX. ST. CYR, his X mark.
W M. HATCHET, his x mark.
BLACK HORSE, his mark.
LARGE MAN. his > mark.
JIAY-O-MIK-KAU, his X mark.
DAVID MeKLUSKY.
BRADFORD L. POTER
T n prcscnce of—
.r. A. PAXSON.
MITCHELL ST. CYR. U.S. interpreter.
HOWARD WHITE, U. S. Induin Agent.
B. GROSVENOR.
Winnejiago Agency, Twelfth month, 25, 18G9.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whether some amendment ought, not to be made
tothisproposition. 1 beeitrcquiresthepaymetit
of the exact sum of $2'52,o-i5 !)'J. 1 inquire
whether the chainnan understands that to he
the sum fixed by any data in the Department
showing how that sum is ascertained?
Mr. HARLAN. That amount has been as-
certained from the books of ihe Department to
have been expended m their removal. That
amount of their money has been applied in
this mode.
Mr. RAMSEY. May I ask the Senator out
of what fund that money was taken?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think it is stated
out of what fund it was taken; but doubtless
partly from the proceeds of the sale of then
lands and partly from funds already m the
hands of tho Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest this
amendment, to be inserted after the statement
of the amount: or so much thereoi o,s may be
