1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
pass, a bill (H. 11, No. 1189) for the payment
of William Connolly for services in the war
of 1812.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Treas-
urer of the United States to pay William Con-
nolly, of Franklin, Pennsylvania, aged ninety-
four years, the sum of $432, in, full of all
claims for services rendered and materials fur-
nished the United States in the war of 1812.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
order that this bill contains an appropriation,
and must go to the Committee ot the Whole.
It is not a pension bill in any sense.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
JANE MACMURRAY.
Mr. GILFILLAN, from the Committee on ;
Revolutionary Pensions and War_ of 1812,
reported back, with a recommendation that it j
pass, a bill (H. R- No. 847) for the relief of |
Jane MacMurray. j
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs j
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to Jane j
MacMurray, of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, widow ,
of Ezekiel MacMurray, a soldier of the war of ;
1812, a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
jnonth, to commence from May 9, 1840, de-
ducting from the amount such sums as may
have been paid her as pension since July 14,
1862.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report, which was read, states that
Ezekiel MacMurray, the husband of Jane,
was wounded in such a manner as would have
entitled him to a pension had he applied under
the general act; that his subsequent poverty
required the exhaustion of her private means,
leaving her in a state of destitution, which
would have been avoided had he received his
rights as a pensioner.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust the gentleman
will not demand the previous question on this
bill.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I am willing to yield to
the gentleman for a few moments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I understand this bill
correctly, it proposes to grant a pension run-
ning back some twenty years or more. _ I see
nothing in the report that would justify any
such action on the part of the House. It has
been established as a precedent that, except
under peculiar circumstances, the pensions
granted by special act shall take effect from
the passage of the act. All these cases of pen-
sions granted under special laws are cases in
■which we have never promised the parties any-
thing. We owe them nothing ; they are out-
side the provisions of any general law grant-
ing pensions. To allow in such cases pensions
dating from the time of the alleged disability
will work very great injustice to pensioners who
have received under special acts pensions com-
mencing with the date of the acts. This goes
back, if I understand it, over twenty years,
nearly thirty years, making the back pension
amount to between two and three thousand
dollars. I trust the gentleman* will permit me
to test the sense of the House by moving as
en amendment that the pension shall take effect
from the passage of the act.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I demand the previous
question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
22, noes 20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers', and appointed Mr. GiUillan and Mr.
Benjamin.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 64.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BEAMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a parliament-
ary question. I understand there has been no
explanation or report.
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 97, not voting
77 ; as follows •
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Dcwccse, Ihckey, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Eldridere, Fmkelnburg, Fitcli, (iilfillan,
Haldeman. Hale, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hcfhn,
Ilotchkiss, Johnson, Maynard,William Moore. Neg-
ley, O'Neill, Packer, Palmer, Shanks, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stiles. Stokes, Strader. Townsend, Twiohell, Van
Horn, Whittemorc, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, and
Wood—44. _
nays—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong. Bea-
man, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Bird, Blair,
Boles. George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bumnton,
Burchard. Burr, Churchill, Cleveland, AmnsaCobb,
Cook, Conger, Cowles. Cox, Cullom, Dox, Ela, ier-
riss, Ferry, Garfield, Get/, Gibson, Golladay, Gns-
: W0ld, llaight, Hawkins, Hays, Hill, Hoar, Ingersoll,
I Alexander H. Jones, Jndd, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr,
: Ketcham, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge,
I Marshall, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
! Grew, McKenzie, McNeelv. Mercwr, Eliakim H.
Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Niblack, Pack-
ard, Paine, Phelps. Piatt, Porter, Potter, Prosscr.
Randall,Reading, Reeves.Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer,
j Schumaker, Scoiield, Joseph S. Smith, Worthing-
1 ton C. Smith, Stevens, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
! Swann,Taffe.Tanner.Tiflman,Trimble,Tyner.Yan
i Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.Wash-
' burn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, John T.
' Wilson, and Witcher—97. ... , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, ,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Beatty. Beck, j
Bennett. Biggs, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, J ames Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Clarke. Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Dick-
inBon, Dixon. Dockery, Farnsworth, Fisher, Fox,
Greene. Hambleton. Hamill, Hamilton. Hoge, Hoi-
man, Hooper, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kelley, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Lyneh. Mayham*
Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morns-
sey, Mangen, Myers, Orth, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy,
Rice, Ridgway. Roots, Sanford, Schenck, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod. Slocum, John A.
Smith. Stone, Sweeney, Upson, Van Auken, Voor-
hees, Ward, Williams, Win wis, Winchester, and
Woodward—77.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the rote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN SEWARD.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
reported back House bill No. 704, for the relief
of John Seward, a soldier in the war of 1812,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that John
Seward, a soldier in the war of 1812, and who
is now a pensioner under the laws of the United
States, shall be allowed for arrears of pension
at the rate of eight dollars a month from the
time of his discharge, in the month of June,
1815, until the 29th day of September, 1825.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, this is an
application for arrears of pension due John
Seward, a soldier of the war of 1812, on ac-
count of total disability. The disability was
occasioned by a wound received by him while
he was. in the service of the United States in
the war of 1812, in June, 1815. The fact is in
proof before the committee that he delayed to
make his application for a pension because
of this disability until 1825, and then only from
dire necessity he made his application, was
examined, and his name put upon the pension-
roll. He has ever since been borne upon the
pension-roll for total disability occasioned by
this wound. He is now poor, and asks for these
arrears of pension, and I understand^ t has been
usual to allow them where the proof is indis-
putable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why did not this party
make application for his pension at the time?
Mr; WILLARD. I will refer to his own
letter. He says that after his discharge from
the service he lived with his friends, and think-
ing the name of pensioner a disparagement lie
did not apply for his pension until his friends
became unwilling any longer to support him,
and then from dire necessity he was compelled
to apply for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken in supposing that that is the
practice of this House. I presume he will not
iind one solitary precectent in all our legislation
on the matter of pensions which justifies the
passage of this bill. It is of precisely the same
character as the bill just defeated, except that
it goes some twenty or thirty years further back
than that. The very fact that the party did not
make his application when he was entitled to
the pension is a suspicious circumstance, when
the application is brought in more than fifty
years after the disability occurred and when
no proof can be adduced on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, for we know that these cases rest
almost entirely on the statements of the parties
themselves.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I should
like to ask the gentleman from Vermont a
question.
Mr. WILLARD. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Hawley.]
Mr. BURR. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a question.
Mr. WILLARD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BURR. I would inquire whether the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812 have not under consideration now
a general bill for the relief of all necessitous
survivors of the war of 1812 who were disabled
in it?
Mr. WILLARD. I will answer the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Burr.] There is such
a bill before the committee. The committee
have had the matter under consideration, but
they ha re not deemed it necessary that in the
mean time a case like this should wait. I
now yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Qawlet* 3
Mr. HAWLEY. This soldier of the war of
1812 applies to Congress to be paid arrears of
pension. He makes his application for the
reason stated by the gentleman who reports this
bill from the committee, that he is totally dis-
abled. He has been drawing a pension from
the Government now for about forty-five years.
Itis because he is totally disabled thathedraws
this pension, and that he now finds himself
under the necessity of making application for
these arrears.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Every pensioner of the
war of 1812 is exactly in the position of this
party.
Mr. HAWLEY. Not so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I mean as regards the
pension commencing from the date ot applica-
tion. , , .
Mr. HAWLEY. No; I will explain the
difference, and the House will readiljwee the
merits of this case. This man i3 totally dis-
abled, and has been drawing for forty-five years
the full pension for a disabled man. He is
now a pauper, and unless Congress shall allow
these arrears he will have to be supported hy
his county authorities.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Are we not paying this
man ninety-six dollars a year?
Mr. HAWLEY. If the gentleman will lis-
ten he will understand what are the facts. The
man was disabled in 1814, but because his
proofs were not given he could not draw the
pension until such time as the proofs were filed,
when the pension began to run. He now
applies to have it date from 1814. Although
it was not till 1825, after a lapse of tenu3rears
frbm the time the disability occurred, that he
made application, it seems to me that Con-
gress should not now say to him, " Because,
after being disabled, you tried for ten 7ear®
get along without a pension at all, now w e
you apply for the arrears which you ought
have had at the time, and which the law would
