2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
having disposed of the question raised by the
committee adversely to General Ames:
" This need not be, and yet General Ames may be
seated here presently. He can and should be re-
elected before being seated.
" He lias now disposed in his own mind, and by his
own act, of the whole question; having divested
himself of his military character, he stands in his
own right, and so standing he has determined, as he
assured the committee, and no doubt need be enter-
tained of it, to take up his residence and become an
inhabitant absolutely in the State of Mississippi,
following this we have the assurance that with
alacrity, with unanimity he will be returned.
" Ttiis solves the practical and personal part of the
matter. Let the Senate dispose of its part of the
ease according to law and right and all will be well,
with hardship to none."
There is no Senator in this body to whom I
listen with more attention and more pleasure
than the honorable Senator from New York,
for he always weighs liis words well. I cannot
understand the meaning of these words, " hav-
ing divested himself of his military character he
stands in his own right, and so standing, he has
determined, as he assured the committee, and
no doubt need be entertained of it, to take up
his residence," &c., unless they mean that
before he had divested himself of his military
character he could not so determine and make
his residence elsewhere. I cannot give this
language any other meaning than that; and I
call the Senator's attention to it for the very
reason that I deem it to be inconsistent with
the language he had before used, and which
was quoted by the Senator from Indiana, in
agreement, that a military officer could fix his
residence just as well as anybody else could fix
it by the determination of his own will.
Mr. CONKLING. I infer that it would be
agreeable to the Senator to have me make a
remark in that connection, and if it would be,
I should be very glad to do it.
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say, then, that
i hold exactly this: first, that the question what
a military officer may or may not do is foreign
to this case, the question here being, not what
General Ames might have done, but what he
did do. Nevertheless, upon the question to
which the Senator troni Pennsylvania has re-
ferred, although aside from the case, I beg to
say that I hold that a military officer neither
gains nor loses a residence by going himself
bodily in obedience to a military order from
place to place. Then X hold that gaining noth-
ing and losing nothing by the fact that he is
bodily transported by'the action of superior
authority, he, like any otherperson, may fix or
change hie residence, his inhabitancy. " How?
Like other persons, by causing to concur in
his case two things familiar as terms of art to
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania; in
the language of the books, the factum and the
animus must both be present; in other words,
he must inpoint of fact do something to estab-
lish a new residence, like purchasing a home,
entering into business; he must do something
independent of mere volition. In the second
place, lie must thus act and thus do animo
manendi, in the language of the books; so
that like anybody else, and independent of
the fact that he goes under orders here and
there, he must, as I repeat, do, something to
establish an inhabitancy, and he must do it
with the requisite quoa?timo; that is, with the
design and intention of there remaining. Does
the honorable Senator differ with me in that
position?
Mr. SCOTT. Not in the least; and lam
very much obliged to the honorable Senator
from New York for so clearly defining his posi-
tion, so that it may be seen that there is no
question of law here; it is a question of fact.
Did he become an inhabitant? It comes down
to that point; and the word "like" which the
Senator has used, like purchasing a house, like
locating his family, shows that those are not
the only things which may fix a man's inhabit-
ancy, but that there are other acts than pur-
chasing a house or locating a family which will
determine that question jnst as significantly
and just as decidedly as those which are used
for illustration.
Now I come down to that question of fact,
premising simply that I wish to make the dis-
tinction which may have been made by some
others who have spoken in this debate, but if
so it has not fallen upon my ear, that this
question of right in a military officer seems in
the minds of some members to be confounded
with the exercise of the right. It is entirely
possible that a man may be vested with many
rights which the peculiar employment in which
he is engaged will prevent him from exercis-
ing. This question of inhabitancy may give
to a military officer the right to vote, the right
to be elected to office, the right to participate
in the municipal affairs of his own neighbor-
hood, but his superior duty to obey orders may
place him in a position in which he cannot
exercise that right; and so with General Ames.
I gather from the debate that he has thus far
neglected the very important duty to his coun-
try of marriage, and that he is a bachelor,
although it is not stated in the report of the
Judiciary Committee, and I do not complain
of that. [Laughter.] But if he had been a
married man 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is stated.
Mr. SCOTT. I beg pardon of the chair-
man ; 1 looked for it as one of the facts bearing
on my decision of this case. [Laughter.] If
he had been a married man when he went to
Mississippi, and had bought a house and had
brought his family there and located them there,
that, 1 suppose the Senator from New York
will say, being one of the very illustrations
which he uses, would have been an evidence
of his intention to change his domicile. Very
well. That being an evidence of his intent to
change his domicile, ho would have acquired
the rights of a citizen of Mississippi, and if he
had been ordered away from Mississippi the
next day after his family were thus located in
pursuance of that intention, who will say that
if he had returned there at the time of election
he could not have voted, and who will say that
because he happens to be in Alaska or in Min-
nesota in the discharge of duty the fact that
he is unable to exercise the right which is thus
vested in him has any effect whatever upon the
existence of the right? None whatever.
Now, coming down to the question of fact,
which the Senator from New York agrees is
in the case, what is that question of fact? It
is simply this: did General Ames bona fide
intend to becomc an inhabitant of the State
of Mississippi? I was glad in reading this
report of the Judiciary Committee and in hear-
ing the discussion that has taken place in this
Chamber to hear the high character of Gen-
eral Ames for honor indorsed by the gentle-
men who were obliged on their consciences
and on their oaths—and I am not finding fault
with them for discharging that duty, as my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpexter] seems
to think the whole Senate is—to report against
him. I was glad to hear them all say that
there was no blot of dishonor and no suspi-
cion of untruth on his fair fame.
But, _sir,_ what was the position of things in
Mississippi ? He was there as military Gov-
ernor. The inhabitants of the State of Missis-
sippi came to him and said, " General Ames,
if we elect you United States Senator, will you
become a citizen of our State?" Now, sir,
permit me to express my regret that the answer
which the Senator from New York read to
another question put by the Judiciary Com-
mittee is not preceded by and accompanied
with the question which brought it forth, be-
cause we all know that the significance which
words have depends entirely upon the connec-
tion in which they are used. I may have occa-
sion to refer to that in a moment or two. But
this being the state of the case, the people of
Mississippi proposing to General Ames, "If
you will become a eitizen of our State, we will
elect you United States Senator," what is his
answer? He not only says " I will," but he II
becomes a candidate. And I ask any Senator
on this floor, is not becoming a candidate for
a seat in the United States Senate from the
State of Mississippi as good an indication of
becoming one of her citizens as buying a house
or teaching a school within her borders ? And
if my friend, the Senator from New York,
wants the concurrence of the animus and the
factum, I point him to the animus and the
factum in the declaration made in answer to
thatquestion, " Will you becomeacandidate?"
saying, "I will," and to the fact that he did
become a candidate for the United States
Senate.
What is the relative significance of the acts?
I go there to pursue one of the ordinary avo-
cations of life. That is an evidence ofmy inten-
tion to take up my habitation in Mississippi, to
cast my lot with its people and to become iden-
tified with its interests. When I become a can-
didate for a position iu which I represent all
its interests, all its industries, all its people, is
not that fact equivalent and equal, and far more
than equal in significance to that of buying a
house or putting up a sign saying •' I am ready
to sell you bacon and beans?"
These, sir, are the facts that we have before
us, and upon these facts the people of the State
of Mississippi elected this man their United
States Senator. Now, going back to the very
theory that we started here, that the people
themselves wish to be represented by one
acquainted with their interests, what signifi-
cance does it not give to the position taken by
the Senator from Oregon, and I hold that it is
a position which is true, that when the people
who are most interested in the character of
their representative here, whose interests are
confided to his care and keeping through their
representatives in the State Legislature, have
elected a man to the United States Senate, he
comes here with a prima facie case, and it
ought to require the strongest possible evidence
to overturn that case.
Is a doubt sufficient to do it; a doubt upon
the question of his residence? Why, sir, if
there be a doubt, who so capable of determin-
ing it and deciding it as the very people among
whom that intention has been made manifest?
The position struck me when it was taken by
the Senator from Oregon that it was indeed a
most powerful one, and that it would require
the strongest kind of rebutting testimony to
overturn a prima facie case thus presented.
General Ames comes, then, in this light, sent
by the people who are acquainted with his
intentions. He presents himself, and the Judi-
ciary Committee, after a fair and candid -exam-
ination, find that he is not an "inhabitant"
within the meaning of the Constitution of the
United States, and that therefore he ought not,
now to be admitted.
Let me now, sir, proceed one step further,
and I beg pardon for transgressing thus long.
Of course in a report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee we should expect to find nothing incon-
sistent with the position taken by its members;
but it strikes me that between the report in
this case and the position taken in debate by
all of its members there is a radical, an irrec-
oncilable repugnancy. What is it? I will
quote again from the speech of the Senator
from New York. I have already quoted the
language in which he says that General Ames
is^now eligible and can be elected to-morrow.
Why ? Because being rid of his military char-
acter he has declared his determination to
reside in Mississippi. How has he declared
it ? I find it in the speech of the Senator from
New York as a quotation, and I will read the
whole connection so that it may not be mis-
understood:
"As I said, General Ames was asked whether lie
could say that it was his intention to remain in Mis-
sissippi if not chosen to the Senate. He said that
he could not so say, and as the language was taken
dO(Wn by fcho Senator from Vermont, here it is:
Doubtful if I should have become a eitizen if I
had not been elected; but 1 felt certain of being
elected/
"And then he made an answer which, bofore I sis
