1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
41st Cong.... 2d
The Tariff—Mr. Kelhy.
Ho. of Reps.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, a material reduction of
the American duly, or something equally sig-
nificant, is necessary to enable the British iron-
master to advance liis price beyond £7; and
the day the telegraph announces that we have
reduced our duty on pig and railroad iron will
be the day on which the price, of British iron
will go up. I pray you be admonished by this
circular.
1 have also an article from the Manchester
Examiner and Times of January 8, 1870, re-
lating to cotton, as compared with the year pre-
ceding ; and from what I shall read it will be
seen that iron is not the only English interest
which will be improved by the reduction of our
duties. The organ of the cotton-spinners of
Manchester says:
"As compared with t ho years preceding the Amer-
ican war, this country has received during the past
few years £7,000,000 to £8,000,000 less per annum for
ttioeostof manufacturing cotton, and there can be
no question that in comparison with the cost of cot-
ton this country has marketed the cheapest oloth
over made ; anil if cotton manufacturers on the con -
tinent of Jiurope had not been protected by high tar-
iffs they would have been swept from the field."
Yes, repeal the protective duties on cotton,
which are so abhorrent to the gentleman from
Iowa, says the Examiner and Times of Man-
chester, and the free-trade league and the cot-
ton manufactures of the country will be swept
from the field.
t1jb tariffs of england and france discriminate
against american farmers.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
held up tho English tariff to our view. Gen-
tlemen may have been surprised to hear me
say that I was very anxious to hasten the day
when the lax on distilled spirits should be re-
pealed. Gentlemen from the agricultural dis-
tricts of France and England discriminate spe-
cially against you and your constituents in their
tariffs. England derives nearly half her cus-
toms from inordinate duties on the produc-
tions of the American farmer, or from agricul-
tural products with which this country could
supply her. Let us look at the facts. The
gentleman from New York held up the tariff
of England; said it yields X21,002,414 ster-
ling, or $108,000,000; but he did not invite
your attention to the fact that she raises over
$54,000,000, or more than one half, by duties
that discriminate against our farmers. Yet
such is the case. Sheraises from tobacco and
snuff, one of our leading agricultural staples
and its immediate product, £0,542,400, or
$02,712,300. The friends of free trade say we
do not import enough English iron ; we do not
import enough English cotton goods; we do
not import enough English woolen goods, con-
sidering how cheap we can buy them all. If
we are to reduce our duties and import more
I beg the Representatives of the farming States
of the West to demand something like reci-
procity on behalf of their constituents, for
whose grain there is no market. Every yard
of cotton and woolen goods and every ton of
iron represent the grain and meat consumed
by the families of the men who produced it;
and while our grain goes to waste for the want
of purchasers, the friends of protection protest
against importing that grown in other coun-
tries, even when converted into cloth or iron.
Tho cloth and iron would be as good if made
where well-paid laborers eat freely of Ameri-
can wheat, butter, and meat; and to those who
cannot sell their crop at any price a neighbor-
ing furnace, factory, or rolling-mill would be a
blessing, even though they could not buy cloth
or iron atEnglislhprices. Bui I must proceed.
I have shown that of the $108,000,000 Eng-
land raises by her tariff she gets $32,712,300
by duties on otic of our agricultural staples.
Iler duties on tobacco are taxes, for England
has no tobacco-fields to develop. They are,
therefore, not protective duties. Like our
duties on tea, coffee, pepper, and spiee, they
are taxes purely. But let us go a little further
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14.
into this matter. England raises $21,667,565
on spirits. This is an absolute discrimination
against our grain. Were that duty removed
the farmer and distiller would b,e working
together, ami instead of exporting wheat and
corn at prices that will not cover the cost of
production and transportation their produce
would be manufactured into alcohol, pork, and
lard oil; and while our own laboring people
would have- cheaper provisions the farmer
would greatly reduce the cost of transportation
and have an ample market for his grain man-
ufactured into alcohol, pork, and oil. Yet
gentlemeu representing agricultural districts
plead with us to admit British goods at lower
rates, while she gathers $54,599,865 in a single
year by imposing such duties on tobacco as
greatly diminish its consumption and such on
spirits as preclude the importation of our grain
in the only forms in which it can be profitably
exported.
england a hideous monopoly—free trade sup-
ports it.
Mr.' BROOKS, of New York. Let me state
that our great agricultural products—cotton,
which is an immense product, and wheat, corn,
&c.—are admitted duty free.
Mr. K.ELLEY'. To that I reply that they
take our cotton because they cannot live with-
outit, and our wheat and coin when they cannot
buy cereals cheaper elsewhere. France has a
duty on wheat and flour even when imported
in French vessels. We are too far from the
sea-board, and the cost of transportation from
ourgrain-fields is too great for us to send them
grain in bulk at present prices. The cheapest
way of transporting corn is in the form of alco-
hol. In this form we could send it profitably
were their duties not prohibitory. England
will take raw materials from countries from
which she can buy cheapest. But her much-
lauded free trade does not offer any advan-
tage to the American. Gentlemen talk about
monopolists, and aver that protection fosters
monopolies. Sir, the world has never seen
so heartless, so unrelenting, and so gigantic
a monopoly as the British Government and
the manufacturing power that sustains it. It
is a monopoly which has desolated Ireland
and swept her factories from the face of the
earth. Ireland, less than a century ago, before
the union, the home of a contented people, and
the seat of a busy and prosperous industry, is
now a laud whose people are born only to be
watched and hunted as felons, or exiled from
the land they love so well. The manufacturing
and landed monopoly of England but a few
years ago huddled into their graves the decay-
ing bodies of more than 1,000,000 of the people
of Ireland, who died of starvation in a single
year.
It is a monopoly which has inflicted on Brit-
ish India wrongs even greater than these.
Three years ago the air of the whole wide
district of Orissa was fetid with tho stench
rising from the decaying bodies of more than
1,000,000 people who had starved in one of
the richest agricultural regions in the world,
because under England's enlightened free
trade they were not permitted to diversify their
industries, and when their single crop failed
they were permitted to starve, as the Irish were
when the rot assailed their only crop, the po-
tato. This English monopoly is so absolute
and selfish that it will not allow provinces and
colonies to diversify their industry. It binds
them to the culture of one product—India, cot-
ton, and Ireland, men for exportation. Shall
she also hold the people of the Northwest as
her commercial subjects and doom them to
raise wheat and wheat alone? We can break
its power and overthrow this monstrous mo-
nopoly. Yes, by peaceful arts, without the
clash of arms, we can emancipate the hundreds
of millions of people England now oppresses.
The source of her power is her commercial
and manufacturing supremacy, and this we can
and should undermine, as we are its chief sup-
port. With our cotton,-fields, our widespread
and inexhaustible deposits of all the metals,
and our immense sheep-walks, we should sup-
ply all our wants. When we do this ouy com-
merce will revive, for populous nations that
supply their own markets always produce a sur-
plus which they can export at low prices. But
now England properly regards us as a depend-
ency more profitable than "all the English-
speaking dependencies of the empire." On
this point the London Times of February 25,
when discussing the bill now under considera-
tion, says:
" The fiscal policy of the United States is for us a
subject of no remoteor transient interest. Although
statistics may be adduced to prove that in propor-
tion to population the colonies are our best custom-
ers, yet in the mass our trade with republican Amer-
ica is by far the largest item in tho balance-sheet of
our exports to foreign countries, and isnearly oqual
to that with all the English-speaking dependencies
of the ompire."
a hoke market—a prediction fcm'illko.
Gentlemen sneer at the idea of a home mar-
ket. Sir, on the 1st of June, 1868, we hud
under consideration a proposition to permit
table whisky to remain in bond under certain
conditions. In the course of the discussion I
urged upon gentlemen from the West who were
opposing it the propriety of giving effect to
that proposition. • I pressed upon the atten-
tion of the House the fact that age quadrupled
the value by improving the quality of fine
whisky, and that our whisky was supersed-
ing French brandy in general use. I urged
the importance of this to the grain-growing
States. Turning to my remarks I find tho fol-
lowing prediction, the fulfillment of which has
occurred oven before I expected it:
"The people of tho Northwest, it seems to mo, are
specially interested in this question. They will find
that they cannot afford to cxpol from their inland
section of tho couutry any branch of manufactures.
Thoy need tho opportunity to export their grain con-
centrated in tho form of whisky, high-wines, or other
manufactures, lain no Cassandra und. they will not
believe me, but I tell ihem they are entering upon a
competition that will exeludo them from the markets
of the world it' they depend upon the export of their
gram in built as food or mere raw material. JJo you
ui,irk, gentlemen of Missouri, Illinois, and Wisconsin,
that California is loud in the expression ot her grati-
tude lor the fact that 130 vessels have been added to
the fleet for cauymg her grain to Mew York and trans-
atlantic ports? They can Mend eiain in bulk 23,000
miles to thesoa-'ooard of New England or Old England
at less cost for transportation than you can send yours
to the sea-boal'd by rail. Oregon is groaning under iitr
crop of wheat,and her peopleat'ofeariiigthaimcaiss
of its transportation to market may not be at hand.
But this distant competition is not what you have
most cause to dread. Tho South, no longer your
customer for food for man and beast, looms up your
competitor. Her advantages over you are manifold
as they are manifest, Sho lies between you and tho
ocean. 11 er graiu-fiolds are upon the banks of navi-
gablo rivers which iiow to the Gulf or the ocean, and
at or near the mouth of each is a .sea-port. From iNor-
folk'around to Galveston, Texas, the grain ot the
farmers of the several States may bo floated to tho
sea-board upon rafts and thero find shipping, iiug-
land and western liluropo are not the eountrio1; 10
which we chiefly export grain and flour. Our chiet
markets for these arc Central and South America,
and the islands to which tho southern States arc
neighbors; andltell you that if the peopleot the tar
Northwest do not take liced, and by diversifying their
industry convert their raw materials into more com-
pact productions, tho day is not three years distant
whon their crops will waste in tho fields for the want
of a market to which they will pay the cost of trans-
portation."
Not two years have gone by, and you are
crying out that you have raised wheat in vain,
that there is no market for it; that the cost of
getting it to a market consumes it. Ay, and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] says
that in tho face of those facts we are offering
inducements to thousands to go at wheat-grow-
ing, that the homestead law is tempting immi-
grants to engage ill wheat-growing and add to
the unsalable and unavailable stock. That is
true; and how wcmld he improve matters?
He agrees with me that the homestead law is
beneficent and should not be repealed. What,
then, is the gentleman's proposition. It is
