5000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J line 29,
difference of masters is very much against tlie
colored man, for their former owners, in return
for their labors, fed, clothed, and nursed them ;
but the Government gets their labor and lets
them provide for themselves.
Prom a hundred pounds of tobacco raised
and manufactured, seven dollarsgo to the col-
ored man who has cleared off the seed-patch,
sown the seed, plowed the land, set out the
plants, cultivated the tobacco, cutit, cured it,
and finally manufactured it, this process run-
ning through a year or more. And when all
this is done, in comes the tax-gatherer and
coolly takes his thirty-two dollars. Seven dol-
lars to the slave, thirty-two to his taskmaster!
This is abolishing slavery with a vengeance.
This is a paternal Government to the colored
tobacco-raiser.
Suppose the tax to be reduced on tobacco to
a uniform rate of sixteen cents per pound on all
kinds of manufactured tobacco and snuff, and
that there is no increase in the quantity manu-
factured, how much would taxation lose ? For
six months, ending 81st December, I860, the
receipts from cigars, snuff, and tobacco were
$16,250,020 07, of which $0,003,990 18 were
from chewing-tobacco and snuff at thirty two
cents the pound. Supposethe sum raised in the
six months ending July 1, 1870, to be the same,
the annual product will be $32,600,058 1-1, and
the annual product from chewing-tobacco and
snuff,at thirty-two cents, will be §19,2:57,98 0 30.
The tax on chewing-tobacco and snuff being
reduced to sixteen cents, the last-named sum
would be also reduced one half, the sum of
$9,90S,990 18 being taken off. Deduct this
from the total estimate up to July 1, 1870,
namely, $02,600,058 14, and there remains the
sum of $22,531,007 70. This would ha the
revenue if there was no increase of production
and manufacture. But it may be set down
as sure that the same thing would happen that
has resulted in other cases where the tax on
a particular article has been reduced. The
planter finding a prospect of better sales,would
cultivate more land ; the manufacturer would
enlarge his operations, and new establishments
would spring up ; there would be less induce-
ment to evade the tax ; all parties would be
satisfied, and I truly believe that next year
would see a larger revenue from a uniform tax
of sixteen cents than is now realized.
The able chairman of the Committee on
Finance has estimated that if his views are
adopted and no reduction made on the tobacco
tax, there will be, after paying the expenses
of tho Government, the interest on the public
debt, and providing for the sinking fund, a
surplus of from twenty-five to thirty millions.
This surplus would be from fifteen to twenty
millions if the reduction I propose is made, a
surplus amply sufficient to meet any emergency
likely to arise.
I insist, then, Mr. President, that by reducing
the tax on tobacco to a uniform rate of sixteen
cents the pound production will be stimulated,
manufactures wdl revive, the law will be faith-
fully obeyed, and the inducements to violate
it diminished, and the revenue will not be
decreased, that it will be even increased. And,
lastly, I insist upon it as a mcnbuiu of justice
and relief to a large number of colored people,
who have as yet no means of making a living
except by manual labor, and find a very scanty
support in the wages their employers can afford
to pay them, and who have no prospect of
betiering their condition while the present rate
of taxation is maintained.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply say in a
word, that to adopt the amendment proposed
by tho Senator from Virginia will necessitate
the entire revision of the internal revenue sys-
tem ; and therefore it seems to me impossible
for tlie Senate to adopt it at this time. That
amendment should have been submitted to tho
committee, it strikes me, and carefully con-
sidered in connection with all the other inter-
nal revenue matters. This law has been care-
fully revised within a year ; and to adopt the
amendment now would make it necessary to
recommit this bill to the committee and have
a new examination of the whole question, be-
cause it strikes off about one half of our rev-
enue from tobacco, upon which we chiefly
depend for the support of the Government.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire only to state that
I believe if this amendment is adopted the pro-
duction will be so greatly increased, and tlie
manufacture revived so much, that there will
be as much revenue received as there is from
the present tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—ayes 14, noes 33.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the chairman
"of the Committee on Finance to refer to page
97 of the bill, lines one hundred and eighty-
eight to one hundred and ninety-two inclusive.
I wish to know if tho effect of that provision
is to make Bessemer steel railroad bars charged
with a duty of one and a half cent a pound.
It says:
On ."tec! railway bars, one anil one half cent per
pound: and on .ill railway bars made in part of ,°teel,
one and one (luarter cent per pound : Provided, That
metal cemented, cast, or madefrom iron by the Bes-
semer, or pneumatio process, of whatever form or
description, shall be classed as steel.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I move to strike out
those lines. 1 move to strike out from line
one hundred and eighty-eight to line one hun-
dred and ninety-two inclusive, what I have just
1CThe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nyi;.)
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, to strike out the
words he has indicated.
Mr. SAWYER. The present duty on steel
rails is forry-fivo per cent. It amounts at the
present price of steel rails in the foreign mar-
ket to about $22 50 per ton. The effect of
this provision will be to charge this article
with a duty of $33 00 per ton, or an increase
of about one half of the present duty. This
is a tax directly upon every interest, commer-
cial, mechanical, manufacturing, and agricul-
tural. Itdoes not fall simply upon the railroad
corporations, but it falls upon every man who
rides over a railroad; it falls upon every pound
of freight which is carried over a railroad, and
is a tax levied upon the whole people of the
United States for the benefit of three individ-
uals who make Besseniersteel rails in this coun-
try. The production of the Bessemer steel rail
in this country is entirely in the hands of those
three individuals, unless I am grossly misin-
formed, and these three individuals own no less
than eleven patents belonging to this process of
manufacturing steel rails. They will hold those
patents for several years to come, and whatever
tax is put on here goes to the benefit of these
three individuals rather than to anybody else.
Wo cll'Q told —
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow mo
to ask him a question I
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON". I ask the Senator to slate,
if be can. at what rate of duty we in this coun-
try can successfully compete—not exclude, but
can bucccFsfdlly compete—in the manufacture
of steel raih j whether we can successfully com-
pete at the present rate of duty, or whether we
cannot compete successfully unless it is raised,
and if so what that point is?
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot state distinctly to
the Honorable Senator precisely at what [>oint
we can compete successfully; but I say if it is
necessary, in order to sustain the fortunes of
three individuals, who, without any participants
in their gams, own this process of manufactur-
ing Bessemer steel rails, to protect it in such
a way as to tax every mile of railroad in this
country, every pound of freight that goes from
one end of this country to the other, and every
man who rides in a railroad car, it is mueb
better that they should not be enabled to com-
pete. If at the present rate, forty-five pet
cent., they cannot live, it i3 better that they
should not live, for it is morally certain thai
so long as they hold these patents, the maim-
facture of this Bessemer steel rail will not b«
spread beyond the narrow precincts of theii
individual interests. If this was an open pro-
cess, if it was a business into which everybody
could enter, it would be quite another affair;
but it is a close corporation, and here in the
American Congress we propose to add fifty per
cent, to an already excessive tax for the ben-
efit of three men who already have in their
grasp a fortune, the like of which very few have
ever been able to amass in America.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the motion
of the Senator from South Carolina to be to
strike out that whole clause.
Mr. SAWYER. Down to the proviso.
Mr. POMEROY. If that should be done it
will leave forty-five per cent, ad valorem as the
duty. That is a bad way of collecting duty,
because it depends on the invoice for the price.
I think we ought to fix exactly how much duty
per pound shall be paid, and then there is no
cheating abbut it. If that whole clause is
stricke.i out and it is left as it is now, we shall
pay on those rails, if they are imported, forty-
live per cent, ad valorem. ITow much is that?
It depends on the invoice; it depends on what
the price is.
Mr. SAWYER. The price is well known
now. The price can be well known at anytime
by the Government officers.
Mr.POMEROY. Notworailroadcompanies
purchase at the same price. It will be differ-
ent; the duty is paid on the invoice. Now, it
occurs to me that instead of striking out all
these lines, wo should strike out the words
"and one half" after "one;" so as to read,
"on all steel railway bars, one centner pound."
Then we know exactly that we have got $22 40
a ton to pay. We know exactly what that is.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to that;
but it will be necessary to amend my motion
by also striking out the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator from Kansas move to amend the amend-
ment?
Mr. POMEROY. I may before I get through;
I have not quite got to that yet. I was saying
that it seems to me better; but I should like
tho views of the chairman of the committee as
to whether it is not better to have definitely
$22 40 a ton duty than it is to have forty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was in hopes that the
several Senators would know enough about
this Bessemer steel question not to require me
to make any explanation. The fact about
Bessemer steel is this: it is a new process, a
new invention by which iron is converted into
steel, cheapening the cost of steel nearly one
half. When the Bessemer steel process was
first discovered the cost of steel rails in London
or Liverpool was about one hundred and fifty
dollars a ton, or about six or seven cents a
pound. By tlie discovery of this process both
in England and America the manufacture of
steel rails is superseding iron rails, and my own
impression is that in a very short time in this
country steel rails will be furnished cheaper
than iron rails were before the war, much
cheaper. Indeed, they are now furnished in
England on shipboard at about fifty dollars
per ton : and the fact is that in England they
have had a longer time in building up this
interest, and they have now got it so far
advanced that they can break down all new
establishments started in the United States.
Tho Senator from South Carolina is entirely
mistaken in supposing that only three men are
interested in this process. I remember that
shortly after tho war was over it was deemed
important to start a factory to use this pro-
