8112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Wo «Bd«M«r to etom the do r against fraads,
and that without really increasing the rate of
duty.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not necessary to talk
about frauds. That has been in every speech I
have heard from the gentleman yet. I ask the
gentleman whether or not this class of iron
wire or iron rope was not heretofore taxed 35
per cent, ad valorem * And no w it is proposed
to tax it 5 cents per pound. I tell the gentle-
man that that is a correct statement, and 6
ccnts per pound is 13o per cent, ad valorem*.
That is the difference. It is just an increase
of 100 per cent. If the duty is placed at C
cents per pound the increase is more; and at
7 cents per pound it is still more of an increase.
That is just the fact about it, and I want to
understand it. Now, if there is any necessity
for au increase of 100 per cent. I would like to
know it.
Mr. KELLEY. There is no increase of
duty of 100 per cent. The duty on wire of
25 wire gauge is 3 J cents per pound and 15 per
cent, ad valorem; the duty on wire over 25
wire gauge is 4 cents per pound and 15 per
eent. ad valorem.
Mr. LOGAN. That is on wire?
Mr. KELLEY. That is on wire.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, that is on wire; but we
are talking about wire rope.
Mr. KELLEY. When the last tariff was
adopted this article of wire rope was not
brought to the attention of the Committee of
Ways and Means^ or to the attention of the
House. The article was admitted as an an-
enumerated article at 35 per cent. adxxUortm.
The manufactured article of wire rope ia a fin-
ished material, but comes in at a rata of duty
lower than the wire from which the finished
article ia made.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. GRISWOLD. Before the question shall
be taken upon the motion to strike out this
paragraph, I move to amend it 90 as Jo make
the duty on iron or steel wire rope, made of
wire not less than No. 1G wire gauge, & cents
per pound.
I wish to call the attention of the Committee
of the Whole to the fact that the other, day
when our attention was called to twisted ties
there probably was not a gentleman present
who would have known what '' twisted ties''
meant if it had not been for a circular issued
by some one in the city of New York, or some-
where else, who knew what the article was.
After n long eontest the Committee of Ways
and Means finally conceded that a mistake had
been made in putting twisted ties in this par-
agraph at a doty of 5 cents perpoutid. It has
been conceded, then, by those who desired to
keep op this doty that those twisted ties ought
to be at a dnty much less than 5 cents per
jwnnd. I think they ought really to be admit-
ted at 3& per cent, ad valorem.
As I said, after quite a long contest, -we suc-
ceeded in getting the duty reduced> to 2 or 2}
cents per pound; and instead of that article
having been inserted in this paragraph by mis-
take it seems to me thattt was not by mistake,
but that twisted ties were intentionally put in
with wire rope, upon winch the duty ought to
be precisely the same as twisted tie*. I un-
derstand that wire rope is made by machinery
in the same way as twisted ties are made, and
at a trifling cost. It would seem, from all we
can gather here, that some person interested
in the manufacture of this article—of course
without the knowledge of the Committee of
Ways and Means; but some person interested
in this particular article, has got it put in this
paragraph at 6 cents, or 6 cents, or 7 cents per
pound, according to the size of the wire of
which it is made. Now it is perfectly apparent,
i think, that the duty on wire rope should be
precisely the same as the dnty upon twisted
ties, because it is made in the same .way by
machinery at a trifling additional cost. This
wire rope is frequently used in shipping, and it
is important that the duty upon it should be
reduced.
Mr. LOGAN. I would suggest also that
wire rope is used in the construction of rail-
road bridges, and extensively used, too.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Yes, sir; and I under-
stand that heretofore it has been admittednta
duty of 35 per cent, ad valorem. But it is
now proposed to increase the duty on it to
125 per cent, as was conceded in regard to
twisted ties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I do not know whether the
Committee of Ways and Means have classified
this wire rope properly or not in applying the
same rate of duty on iron wire rope that is
proposed on Steel wire rope. The amendment
now proposed is to strike down the duty on
steel wire rope to 3 cents per pound, although
this paragraph proposes to lay a duty upon
steel wire of .one description of 5 cents per
pound, and upon steel wire of another descrip-
tion C cents per pound. Now, it seems to me
that it might be proper to make a distinatiou
between the duty imposed on iron wire rope
and the duty on steel, wire rope, aad that the
duty on steel wire rope should, not be.reduoed
below the duty on steel wire.
By reference talinea four hundred and thirty-
nine and four hundred and forty the oommit-
teevyill see that the duty ou steel wire less than
No. 13 is 5 cents per pound | on Wire finer
than No. 13 C cents per pound* Jt seems to
me it would be improper to make the duty on
manufactures of iron rqpe which may be made
in this country less than the duty on wire
itself . I think this must be apparent to any
gentleman acquainted with the process of matt'
ufectqre aad the machinery necessary to carry
it on. In the first place it is necessary to braid
carefully the Btmiid, than to combine the three
into a larger strand, then three strands,into a
rope, and then three ropes into a cable. If
the strands be not twisted evenly, if one be
but an inch shorter in -one hundred feet.than
another, the strain upon' it breaks first one
strand and then another. The report of all
.engineers is that the failure of iron wire tope
| or steel wire rope which has occurred in sus-
I pension bridges or in raising great weights has
! resulted from the improper twisting or com-
! bining of the strands. This manufacture re-
Suires greater careand more accurate machinery
inn the manufacture of any species of rope
tnade from hemp, or cotton, or anything of
that kind ; for, as I have "remarked, if there is
a difference of an inch in one hundred feet, so
as to shorten or lengthen one of the strands
and bring the strain upon it, the iron or steel
wire does not give as-would a textile material,
so that one strand after another breaks, caus-
ing disaster to any work in winch this iron rope
may be used. ■■
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
■ Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I movetoamend
the section by stribingiont in line three hundred
and seventy-seven, "5" and inserting "3;1' by
striking out "6," in liqe three hundred and
seventy-nirte, and inserting "4and by strik-
ing out " 7 " in line three hundred and eighty*-
one, and inserting "5." I do not profess to
know mnch about this matter; but it- seems to
me that a duty of 5,Gj and'7 cents is Very high ;
that this would be an immense tariff upon a
single noil of wire, and that to cut down the
rate aa I propose in my amendment would but
correspond with the reductions which we have
made in other instances.
Mr. KELLEY. The proposition is not to
impose these rates on a single strand or coil
of wire. The rate of duty is upon iron rope
or steel rope in three different grades. -The
rates proposed by the gentleman for the rope
are less tnan those imposed on the wire. The
modetof manufacturing these ropes bas been
described by the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Congee] even more minutely than I
attempted to do it. Tito wires are first spun
into thread;, three of those are spun together,
making again a thread; these threads are
again spun into three, and then finally into the
rope. They are tarred and painted, requiring
a great deal of labor and a large amount of
machinery. Yet, in spite of this additional
labor and this additional capital required, it is
proposed to admit them at lower rates than
those imposed on the raw material or wire
from which they are made.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Let me remind
the gentleman that the Committee of Ways
and Means makes a difference.
Mr. KELLEY. The committee makes in
the grades of wire a difference proportionate
to the duty on the grades of wire. That wire
which comes in at a lower duty is placed at a
lower duty when spun into rope. That wire
which pays a higher duty, as wire, pays a
higher auty when spun into rope. Hence the
three grades of duty ou wire rope, to accommo-
date the duty on this species of rope to the
duties on the wire. To adopt either of the
pending amendments will be to declare that
wire rope, so importantfor suspensionbridges,
for the works at mines, and for the standing
rigging of ships, shall not be made in this
country; that we may import wire or manu-
facture it, but we must not manufacture it into
rope; we must depend upon foreign nations for
the standing rigging of our ships, for the wire
required for our suspension bridges, and for
nil other purposes. If the duty on wire be
higher than the duty on the rope, of course the
rope will not be manufactured out of wire in
this country, but the rope will be imported
ready made.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman answer
1 me this question: is there in this country any
manufactory of this quality of iron rope which
is asking for this increase of duty?
Mr. KELLEY. I believe there is; and there
are among the files of the Committee of Ways
and Means elaborate statements of the rela-
tions of wire to the rope.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to know what
establishment asks it.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot give the gentle-
man information that my memory does not
retain, ' I do remember the committee, made
'■ an elaborate examination of the facts, and that
thO papers are in writing among the files of the
committee.
| Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman remem-
ber that there is any wire rope manufactured
in this country?
Mr. KELLEY. T do not remember the
street or number.
Mr. LOGAN. . Willthe gentleman give me
the information?
Mri KELLEY. If it is no); made here it
ought to be,,fpr if we get into war it will not
dfl to depend on England either for our rigging
Or our'ships. ' . ,
, [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. • I afck the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I will if the
gentleman will renew it.
Mr. ALLISON. I will renew it in .effect.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, I withdraw my
amendment.
j Mr. ALLISON. Imovethefollowingamend-
ment:
In line three hundred and Seventy-seven I move
, to strike out "5" and insert "2i;" in linethreehun-
dred and seventy-eight to insert " and 15 per cent.
ad valoremin line three hundred and seventy-
I' nine to strike out "6" and insert "Si;" in linethrce
hundred and eighty to insert " and 20 per cent, ad
valorem,•" in line three hundred and eighty-one to
I strike out "7" and insert " 4;" and also "and 15per
cent, ad valorem so it will read:
1 On all iron or Bteel wire rope or twisted ties, made
of wire not less than No. J6 wire gauge, 2£ cents per
I pound and 15 per eent. ad valorem ; made of wire les3
than No. 16 and not less than No. 25, wire gauge, 8a
II cents per pound and: 20 jier eent. ad valorem ; made
I of wire lessthan No. 25wire gauge, 4 cents per pound
II and 15 per cent, ad valorem.
