1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4057
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I should like to
hear the accompanying letter, 011 which that
letter was based, read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of the Ixtekiok,
Office of Indian Affairs,
"Washington, D. C„ February 9,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to state that there is an out-
standing indebtedness on account of the Indian
service in Montana Territory amounting in the
aggregate to S10.B-15 54. This indebtedness is repre-
sented by duly certified vouchers, now in this office,
issued by different superintendents and agents during
a period of about four years, commencing in 1865.
Most of the vouchers are for services rendered by
employes at the Flathead and lilackfeet agencies,
and the others arc lor supplies famished and for
traveling and incidental expenses of agents. These
vouchers have been examined in this office, and 1
am fully satisfied that tho services were actually
rendered, and* tho supplies were furnished in good
faith; but owing to the fact that there are no funds
on hand applicable, no steps can be taken to pay
them.
In order that this old indebtedness may be liqui-
dated, and that the persons to whom the money is
owing may receive their just dues, I respectfully
request that the matter be submitted to Congress,
' with the recommendation that the sum of $10,815 51
be appropriated for the purpose of paying such in-
debtedness.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. S. PAliKEIl, Commissioner.
lion. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I raise the same question
as to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont makes the point that this is a private
claim. The Chair thinks the letter just read
discloses that fact, as it states that it is an old
claim existing for some years past.
i[r. EDMUNDS. And iu favor of private
persons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state, having examined the papers in re-
gard to the previous amendment, that he thinks
part of the claims are legitimate under the rule.
Dart of the elaims are for services at the Port
Derthold agency as laborers, services as car-
penter, services as farmer, services as head
carpenter. They embrace hnt a small portion,
however, of the claims ; and the Chair thinks
those are authorized by existing laws. The
other claims are for the supply of goods, flour,
bacon, &e., not for the payment, of employes
in the Government service. The Chair will
slate that it has been held in the House of
Representatives that a claim lor services of
cmp!oy6s of the Government does not come in
the shape of a private claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If employed contrary to
law ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers do
not disclose the iaet that these employes were
employed contrary to law. They disclose the
fact that vouchers for precisely similar services,
occurring since July 1, 1869, have been paid
out of funds appropriated to the Indian service
in that portion of the country, and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in his communica-
tion states:
" Others of alike charactcr, issued by the late agent
subsequently to that date, have been presented to
this oftiee and paid out of tho present year's appro-
priation for the If.dians of said agency. In paying
Th<~>se last referred to, said appropriation was rcduced
to such an extent that there is at present only a suf-
ficient amount of money on hand to carry on tho
agency to the end of the fiscal year; and it is there-
fore impossible for tins office to pay any portion of
the unpaid vouchers."
It appears also, from a hasty examination of
these papers, that these employes were legiti-
mately employed, but in consequence of the
money appropriated being paid for other ser-
vices there was no money to pay them.
Mr. EDMONDS. If the Chair will pardon
me. I will make one suggestion on that point,
as it is a matter of some importance as a rule,
though not in this particular instance probably.
It seems to be exactly like the case where we
appropriate from the Treasury, or used to do so,
$500,000, if yoa please, for additional clerks,
additional force; and the law is well under-
stood at the Treasury to be that when they
have exhausted the money there is no further
authority of law for keeping anybody employed;
and therefore the continuing of a person in the
employment of the Government after the ap-
propriation that authorized him to be employed
is exhausted is not under the authority of any
existing law at all, and creates no obligation
upon the part of the Government to pay him
as a matter of law. What the moral obligation
may be is another question. Now, then, if in
this instance the Indian agent has $5,000 to be
used to pay empIoy6s, whom ho is authorized^
in his discretion, to employ to the extent ot
$5,000, when he has exhausted his money his
authority to employ them is exhausted, and
therefore, he having exhausted his money and
continued his employ6s, there is no existing law
that authorized him to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not, however, change his decision on account
of the point presented by the Senator from
Vermont, for this letter discloses, if it states
the case correctly, that these laborers would
have been paid if the fund of the previous year
had not been drawn upon for the purpose of
paying vouchers for supplies procured underan
emergency which seemed to exist. That emer-
gency is good ground for passing the private
claim. Of course it does not make it good
under the law. The Chair thinks these em-
ployes were authorized under existing law, and
the Chair thinks, as at present advised, that
that part of the amendment would be in order.
It embraces only $'2,000, however. The Chair
decides the point of order made on the last
amendment, in relation to the Indian service
in Montana, by the Senator from Vermont, to
be well taken.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say, before the
Chair decides it finally, that this last item of
§10,800, if I remember the case correctly,
consists almost entirely of wages and salaries
of employes. I am not sure whether the
papers disclose that fact or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They did not, as
read from the desk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They do not
disclose that fact exactly, if the Chair makes
a distinction between what is paid for services
and what is paid for supplies.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall submit, of course,
to the decision of the Chair, and if I find the
facts to be different I will offer the amendment
again in the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment is not now before the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. The amendment for Mon-
tana Territory ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not before
the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it withdrawn? If so,
I desire, by common consent, to make an ex-
planation in regard to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that for the
present. Let us go on with the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. That claim was referred
to me for examination, and I was to go to the
Indian department 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects to debate. That amend-
ment is not before the Senate, the Chair having
decided, as at present advised, that it is not in .
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It eau be submitted again
in the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I addressed the Chair two
or three times previous to its withdrawal. I
wish to explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After healing
the explanation of the chairman of the com-
mittee, the Chair decided, the point of order
being raised and no person claiming the floor
at the time, that it was a private claim. That
decision of the Chair is subject to an appeal.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply desire to state
that that amendment is to provide for services
rendered, and many of the employes who are
to be paid by it were employed previous to the
reduction of salaries. It takes a considerable
period of time to notify the officers of the
department in Montana of the reduction of sal-
aries. The treaty provided for these employes,
and they were employed at a greater salary
than v/as allowed by the appropriations. Con-
sequently the amounts appropriated were ex-
hausted, and vouchers were issued for the pay-
ment of those employ6s employed according to
treaty stipulations. Every one knows that in
that gold country, in the interior, employ6s
cannot be employed for the same price for
which they can be employed in the eastern
States. That is one reason for the accumula-
tion of this amount of indebtedness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Iowa has given notice of his intention to renew
the amendment when he is in possession of all
the facts, and the Chair will then rule upon it.
PAY Oil' OUN'SCJS-TAKEIU.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask unanimous consent
at this time to introduce a joint resolution for the
purpose of having it printed, and I give notice
that I shall call it up to-morrow morning for
action. I wish it to be read by the Clerk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what it is if
it is to be acted upon to-morrow.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon asks unanimous consent to introduce a
joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read at length
for information first. Perhaps I shall object
to if.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
A joint resolution (S It. No. 212) in relation to the
compensation of assistant marshals for taking the
census of 1870.
lie it resolved, <{'e., That tho Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he is hereby, authorized to increase the
compensation of assistant marshals in taking tho
census of 18,0, whenever, in his judgment, such
incrcaso shall bo necessary: Provided, That in no
case shall such increase cxcecd fifty per cent, of the
amount of compensation now allowed by law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will he considered as
read the second time by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better be read
only once at this time.
Mr. CORBEIT. I desire in connection with
that resolution to have a letter read which 1
have just received from the Census Office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the second
reading of the joint resolution. I do so be-
cause the chairman of the committee having
the matter in charge is absent, and it may be
that he would wish an explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Coiibett] asks to have alet-
ter read from tho Census Bureau on thesubject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. A letter of the same
description has been laid on all our tables.
Mr. CORBETT. This letter has been re-
ceived just this moment. Ho says the matter
requires instant attention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with tho
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists on the regular order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Li.oyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. 11.
No. l'J77) to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for compensation and mileage of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives and Dele-
gates from Territories for the fiscal year ending
June 30, in the year 1870.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No. 55)
grantingthe rightof way and lands to the Pecos
and Placer Mining and Ditch Company, of Now
Mexico ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
MEMORIAL Of ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask leave to submit at
this time a report from a committee of confer-
ence.
