3114
Hm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
a pound and at 8} cents and 4 cents, according
to the size of the wire, are wire rope, ana
nothing else, composed of only a few strands.
Now, I would like to understand if there is
any such great variation in the expense be-
tween these twisted ties and wire rope, because
if the rope is composed of nine or fifteen strands
itseems to be charged with the same duty as the
rope which is composed of one hundred strands,
large enough and strong enough to make a
cable to hold a ship. Yet it is apparent that
by this bill no distinction is made between rope
of different sizes and twisted ties, which is put
down here at 5 cents per pound, which was
conceived by the Committee of Ways and
Means to be too high. And I desire to call
attention to another point. Wire is put down
at 2 cents per pound. It is said that we get
these twisted ties and these wire ropes at a
lower duty than we do the wire of which those
articles are made. There is galvanized wire
covered with zinc and copper, which I think is
a higher-priced wire than the wire of which
these wire ropes are made. Now, 1 think these
twisted ties were put in the same paragraph
with wire rope where they should be; and
according to the concession of the Committee
of Ways and Means, I think that wire rope
should be put at precisely the same duty with
twisted ties. I now withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I desire simply to state to the
committee 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment is exhausted.
Mr..HOAR. I move to amend pro forma
by striking out the last word. This wire rope,
used for suspension bridges, and the larger
kinds of wire rope, is ordinarily made of the
very finest kind of charcoal wire, the strongest
and most expensive wire made—substantially
the same quality of iron that is used for horse-
shoe nails. I understand, moreover, that this
wire rope is made in several places in this.conn-
try. The principal place where it iB manufac-
tured is in the works of John A. Robling's
Sons, of Trenton, New Jersey, where was made
the wire ropes for the Niagara suspension
bridge. Wire rope is also manufactured by
Tucker, Carter & Co., of Brooklyn, New York,
by Mr. Hazard, of Mauch Chunk, Pennsylva-
nia, and by William Bromwell & Co., of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio.
Mr. LOGAN. I knew it was made in this
country; and that is the reason I asked Mr.
Kelley to say if he knew who made it, as he
knew so much always. I knew it was made
at Trenton, for I had a letter from there.
Mr. KELLEY. Of course, if I should ever
come to know as much as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] I would be one of the
wisest men in the world;
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
The question was then taken, upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison ; and it was agreed to,
upon a division—ayes fifty-eight, noes not
counted.
The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Logan to strike out the paragraph as
amended.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.' I renew
the motion.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out the paragraph as amended; and it
was not agreed to—ayes eighteen, noes not
counted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask the
Clerk to read the paragraph as it is now
amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all iron or steel wire rope made of wire not less
than No. 16 wire gauge, 2} cents per pound, and in
addition thereto 20 per cent, ad valoremmade of
wire less than No. 16 and not less than No. 25 wire
gauge, 3i cents per pound, and in addition thereto
20 per cent, ad valorem; made of wire less than No.
25 wire gauge, 4 cents per pound, and in addition
thereto 20 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, I move to
amend the paragraph by striking out the words
"and in addition thereto 20 per cent, ad
valoremfor the purpose of saying 
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. CONGER. The Committee of the
Whol« having refused to agree to the motion
to strike out the paragraph, is it in order now
to move to amend the paragraph ?
The CHAIRMAN. By the rules of this
House it is in order to amend a paragraph after
the question has been taken upon the motion
to strike it out. But that is contrary to the
practice in State Legislatures, and is also con-
trary to the ordinary rules of parliamentary
l&w*
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to another point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has moved to strike out
words which the Committee of the Whole have
just inserted, which is not in or^er.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to strike out "2J cents per ponnd."
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that I raise the
same point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to strikeout "25 wire gauge" and insert "23
wire gauge." Is that in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, this paragraph proposes a considerable
increase of the existing rate. The ad valorem
rate is an increase of 5 per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman to
order. I insist that he shall confine bis remarks
to the question of a reduction from No. 25 to
No. 23 wire gauge.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken; but the Chair will remark that if
the gentleman from Tennessee can hear the
gentleman from New York he is more fortunate
than the Chair. [Langhter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Well, I will
speak to the question of the reduction from No.
25 to No. 23 wire gauge. I submit that these
wire gauges Bhonld be so arranged as not to in-
crease the existing duty. But the arrangement
of the wire gauge in this bill is an increase of
the duty to the extent of 5 per cent, ad valorem
throughout the rates. I wish that fact to be
made a matter of record. Now, as I am com-
pelled to speak strictly in order, let me say that
the argument in favor of increasing the duty
on this wire rope is that we have enormously
increased in the preceding paragraph the duty
on wire. To show how the duty on wire has
been fixed, I ask the Clerk to read a table
which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Table of the price of English wire, and a calculation of
what the combined specific duty of 21 cents per pound
and 15 per cent, ad valorem wtll amount to, as a sim-
ple ad valorem duty.
na)u.. Sterling Ameri- Per cent.
troupe. price, can gold, ad valorem.
Nos. 0 to 6 £11 5 . $54 68 117
No. 7       12 00 58 52 111
No, 8   12 15 61 97 105
No. 9  13 5 64 40 102
No. 10  14 5 69 25 95
No. 11  14 15 71 68 90
No. 12  15 5 74 10 90
To give a single illustration of how this tariff
works, the English wire-workers buy their wire of
the manufacturers at 3 cents (not3 pence) per pound;
the American wire-worker pays 10 cents for the same
article.
During the reading of the table,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, said: I
rise to a question of order. We are not now
considering the duty upon wire, but the duty
upon wire rope.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think the
gentleman will save time by letting this table
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The para-
graph under consideration relates to wire rope.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the point
of order is to be argued, I wish to say that I
am showing that it is but just to increase the
rates on wire rope after we have increased
those on wire ; and by this table I wish to show
how the duties on wire have been increased.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
table.
The reading of the table was resumed and
conclnded.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
On iron wire cloth 2 cents per square foot and
35 per cent, ad valorem ; if painted or printed with
figures, 4 cents per square foot, and 35 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the para-
graph just read. I wish to explain to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who I am happy to say has just been
voting with us, precisely what the amount of
this duty will be upon iron wire cloth. This
iron wire cloth is now taxed, and if this para-
graph be struck out, will be taxed hereafter
35 per cent, ad valorem. The- Committee of
Ways and Means have seen proper to add on
iron cloth 2 cents per square foot, and on
painted wire cloth 4 cents per square loot iu
addition to the 35 per cent, ad valorem. Ican-
not understand this exactly. A gentleman
doing business in New York has come here
fully indorsed by a letter of ex-Governor Sal-
omon, of Wisconsin, to the gentleman from
that State, [Mr. Paine.] Tne letter of this
gentleman says that the rate proposed in this
bill will operate as an increase upon the pres-
ent rates of 135 per cent, ad valorem, which
is equivalent to 170 per cent, on the painted
wire cloth, while as to the other wire cloth,
that which is not painted, none is imported
from abroad, and hence the provision is mean-
ingless—a tub to the whale.
This painted wire cloth can be bought in
Germany, where it is made, for 3J cents, gold;
that is the invoice price; freight and other
charges being added, it sells wholesale in New
York from 6 J to 7 cents incurrency. The whole-
saler sells it again at 9 cents. The result of
the proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means will be to increase for the benefit of
a few manufacturers the price of this painted
wire cloth which goes into all our houses as
screens for windows, which is used in our
grocery shops for covering cheese, meat, &c.,
which is used for one purpose or another by
almost everybody, which is now no longer an
article of luxury, but almost a matter of neces-
sity. I hope tne chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means is giving me his serious
attention, for I want him to vote with me on
this question. I do not call this duty "rob-
bery," as some others of these duties have
been designated, but now in the night season
it looks more like burglary. [Laughter.] One
hundred and twenty-live per cent, and you
add 35 per cent, ad valorem I What is the
object of it? Is it for the purpose of helping
any iron-works here? Do you know why it is
proposed? What costs 3J cents abroad costs
9 or 10 cents to the consumer here.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to say
that while my friend from Ohio seems to be
addressing entirely the other side of the House
he is turning his back upon his friends here.
Mr. COX. I never turn my back upon my
friends except when I am fighting my enemies.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to hear
the remarks of my friend from Ohio, and I
hope he will address himself to this as well as
to the other side of the House.
Mr. COX. I will speak so I can be heard
on both sides. I will not call gentlemen on
the other side my enemies. I wigh to agree
